"I have had Liletta for a month now and it has caused me so much pain. During the procedure it was a pain I can&#039;t describe, but after it I was fine. Over that very long month I have had the worst cramping that I have never experienced in my life. I have tried multiple medications and nothing has worked. I have also been very nauseous and could barely eat anything. Everyone&#039;s body is different but I don&#039;t think my body likes it. I have a doctors appointment this week so we will see how that goes."
"I would say I had a good experience with Aldactone.  My skin did clear, although I do remember having a little bit of a break-out now and then.  I started taking the medicine about 6 months before my wedding (I was age 29 then) and I stopped a couple months after the wedding.  My skin looked very good and the breakouts diminished. I don&#039;t think I experienced any bad cystic type acne then.  I used the highest dosage of Retin A (just a tiny bit) at night also along with a Cetaphil moisturizer.  Since I was getting married, I was very cautious about weight gain and I don&#039;t think I gained weight from the medication, although I was going to the gym regularly and doing weight regimens. I think I&#039;m going on it again. I will also go on Epiduo."
"NuvaRing did do what is was supposed to which was prevent pregnancy. I personally liked the pill better than the ring. I was on NuvaRing for about 3 months and had to stop taking it because of the ridiculous mood swings I was having. I&rsquo;ve always had heavy and long periods that last about 8 days but the NuvaRing seemed to extend them even longer, to about 10-12 days but they were lighter. It also seemed to increase cramping which was something I never had problems with before but it wasn&rsquo;t unbearable. Only issue was the mood swings that drove me absolutely insane lol. I wouldn&rsquo;t say it&rsquo;s the worst BC, but I definitely feel that there are better options. I guess it just wasn&rsquo;t for me, but everyone reacts differently."
"I&#039;ve been on 1 pill a day for a week now. The only bothersome side effect had been the restless legs and insomnia. I do great during the day, but this lack of sleep is going to catch up with me. I&#039;m also scared to get on the scale!"
"Crestor worked wonderfully in reducing my cholesterol. It worked quickly and I was very happy with my lab results. Unfortunately, I had to stop taking Crestor because I developed severe muscle pain and aching in my legs, as I did with several of the other statin drugs."
"My hands have been deteriorating rapidly, they&#039;d closed into a fist and could barely open them, was in pain every day that only huge doses of prednisone (not prescribed) helped. A few days after my first injection the pain was gone and my hands opened up again. I&#039;m hoping this continues to be the case."
"Hello,
         I contracted the Hep C virus about 30 years ago. I tried the treatment to kill it about 20 years ago and the side effects were way too much for me so I had to quit. I have been without symptoms for all these years. However, in the back of my mind I knew I had Hep C and it bothered me. About 6 months ago I started having pain in the area of my liver. Thank God I went to see my old liver doctor a few weeks ago because I was worried. He informed me I had gall stones and that my liver looked great. The best thing he told me was all about Harvoni!   I started taking Harvoni two weeks ago. I noticed fatigue at days 5 and 6 but now its gone. I seriously feel better now than I have in years. Thank You Havoni creators and staff!"
"When I first started taking Victoza I got pretty sick on my stomach. So much so that I couldn&#039;t eat hardly anything. I lost a good bit of weight pretty fast, but I wasn&#039;t eating much at all. I tried taking a ginger suplement which helped a little. Mainly, you just have to get used to it. After a couple of months it was better as far as feeling sick. However, my 2 main goals were met - getting my blood sugar under control and losing weight. I have been on it for 9 months and lost over 35 pounds! I feel great now and my last HbA1c was less than 6 (it had been over 11). I was able to cut my metformin in half. "
"I&#039;m a 33 year old male and have been on Lexapro for a little over a month now. The first day I felt like I drank tons of coffee..I felt good but wired. Then I felt tired all the time for the next following weeks. But for the past week or so I have been feeling awesome, more confident, talkative, happier but still very sleepy. It&#039;s great because I actually sleep the whole night but its so hard to wake up. I get to work late sometimes. I tried switching to taking it midday but by 7pm I&#039;m ready for bed. I&#039;m still happy and love it but the drowsiness and yawning are irritating because I want to do more with my evening."
"I have severe nausea and vomiting due to an extreme case of endometriosis. I have to be hospitalized because of pain, weakness and dehydration because of severe vomiting. I can&#039;t even hold down a tiny sip of water for 2 mins. I have tried every medication possible and 
Zofran ODT is the only thing that gives me relief! It is a prescription I always have on hand at all times."
"My problem was at 09:00 pm every night I would get an incredible uncontrollable cravings for snacks. On weekends, my brain would convince me that I had to reward my weeks work with a 12 case of beer. This medication has effectively eliminated cravings for munchies and beer with no problem. I had high blood pressure 160/100 at the beginning of March 2017. Over 6 weeks, I&rsquo;ve lost 8 Kg (17.6 lbs). My goal is to lose another 30 Kg (66 lbs). My blood pressure has dropped to 127/80. The only side effect for me was tiredness. I started out at .6 for the first week and on the second week tried 1.2, but felt really tired. I went back to .6 plus adding one additional tick of the pen each day. I&rsquo;m now on 2.4 and experience only mild tiredness."
"This medication worked to clear up my sinus infection but gave me BLINDING, and I mean BLINDING headaches to the point where I couldn&#039;t even move my head without wincing in pain.   That was the only side effect I experienced though.  My guess is it&#039;s a pretty strong antibiotic and can affect everyone differently."
"Major gastrointestinal side effects including nausea and diarrhea"
"I had tried a number of medications for high blood ressure and this is the first one that consistently worked.  If I took it in the morning without eating I would feel nauseous, but if I take it at night I have no bad side effects.  I really like this medication."
"The pro of this pill is it did regulate my period, but that&#039;s the only pro. I was on it for 6 months and stopped. It made me sick all the time I gained 15lbs if not more and stay bloated. My mood swings were out of control and I&#039;m a pretty chill person. It may worked great for some but just not for me."
"All of my life I have suffered from anxiety and it&#039;s painful I can&#039;t function In life I am sick of my life being controlled by these issues. I was prescribed this medication for my blood pressure but my Dr. mentioned it works for anxiety as well. Day 2 I feel relaxed physically but my mind still races and last night I had a very vivid nightmare which hasn&#039;t happened in a while. But I can deal with the nightmares. Today still day 2 I can actually speak to my family and care for my screaming newborn without wanting to run away. I like it so far. Reading positive reviews helps a lot."
"i was prescribed 2.5mg dose.
this medication has been excellent in reducing my hyper-vigilance.
it has allowed me to sleep normally again.
one side effect is it made my sleep apnea far worse.
this caused reduced functionality in areas such as work.
overall positive experience.
just be aware of potential for compounding sleep apnea."
"I just wanted to post my encouraging experience. I got mine done 2 months ago after being on the pill for 3 years, prior to my appointment I couldn&#039;t help reading all the horror stories. I decided to change to the implant because it is the most reliable contraceptive method.

The procedure was so simple and only hurt a tiny bit, and only left me with a small bruise which I had for about a week. I got the implant inserted on the second day of my period and the bleeding stopped the same day. After 3 week with the implant I had another period around the same as what is normal for me, maybe slightly lighter. other than that, no weight gain (lost 2lbs), increased sex drive and much happier in general! 
I love it! Definitely worth a try! "
"I began taking Zoloft in March 2015 after testing Lexapro and Prozac. My SA/MDD improved, but I still had a lot of trouble with socializing and suicidal thoughts, so I decided to quit taking it and also switched to online schooling. Around Jan. 2016, I noticed I was getting worse and finally decided to go back on the medication. I started 25mg with no change. Slowly began increasing it to my current dose of 100mg combined with 5-15mg Buspirone (previously .25mg Xanax) and this is the worst I&#039;ve ever been. I have nearly every side effect, even suicidal thoughts, and I have a panic attack just thinking of leaving my home and being around people. Definitely switching to something else soon."
"I have only been using Duac gel for three days now, so far it has evened out my skin a lot, in terms of redness and improved my spots from the first application. It does seems my spots are getting slightly worse, but I think it has to get worse in order to get better. I do get a bit of dryness but no other side effects. So far very impressed."
"My 10yr old son has been on Vyvanse for 1.5yrs. Worked GREAT in the beginning. Grades, handwriting, organization and attitude improved. I worry about long term effects. I just recently noticed a change in his behavior. Getting grouchy, irritable, not focusing &amp; his grades are falling. I give him &quot;breaks&quot; during x-mas vacation &amp; summer. However he has side affects from getting off &amp; getting back on that are scary. He starts hallucinating &amp; wants to hurt himself. Its been 2.5mos since he has been back on after summer break. It just doesn&#039;t seem to be working like it did before. I am trying to adjust his dose while working with his Doctor, but I don&#039;t like the effects. I would love to take him off for good but know he would struggle even more in school."
"I&#039;ve had major depression mostly everyday for the last 2 years and this medication is a lifesaver.  After being on mostly every SSRI and on several different dosages I never got complete relief from them. They helped to give me a slightly better mood on most days but the depression was always there. After doing a lot of research I told my psych I wanted to try mirtazapine.  After roughly two and a half weeks on 30 mg (15mg didn&#039;t help) I&#039;ve never felt better.  It also took away most of the night sweats that I was getting from SSRIs. I&#039;ve read some people complaining about weight gain as a side effect, I would advise to not worry about weight gain if you actually have major depression, once the depression lifts you will be able to eat healthy."
"It have been effective w/all the symptoms that&#039;s associated w/anxiety"
"As of today, August 30, 2011 I&#039;ve been taking Adipex for exactly one week and I&#039;ve lost 9 pounds. I think it works wonders aside from the cotton mouth, restlessness, and jitters. It also gives me an extra little push of energy. I love it. I&#039;m eating healthier, drinking plenty of water and taking the stairs now instead of the elevator. I haven&#039;t even done any strenuous exercise. I love love LOVE it!"
"Topamax, I&rsquo;m not sure what a decade of using topamax has or has not caused, it is NOT reliably controlling siezures until I started ketogenic lifestyle, in fact the high fat diet has totally taken away my tremors in head that I felt on daily basis, my Clinic had me in for 5 days in hospital testing and determined to lower my topamax level upon leaving by 100 mg. I was on 400 and lowered to 300. Today I have depression fibromyalgia and most my ligaments or hurt.
Joints feel like they are rock hard swollen and painful, I can barely use my thumbs anymore but I refuse to go to do tools for fear of more medication, they never find anything wrong but proof is in pudding, bulging achilles and wrists, right side pain every joint I have hurts "
"My cardiologist took me off Toprol and Lisinopril because he &quot;wanted me to know when I was having Atrial Fibrillation&quot;.  I am an EMT, so I know when I am in A-Fib.  The Flecainide did not help suppress the A-Fib.  I had more episodes while on the medication, was lightheaded while in A-Fib and felt like I was going to pass out.  My doctor took me off it and put me back on the other medications and I felt much better. "
"I love this medication! Previously I was using Finacea for my rosacea, and it sometimes burned and dried out my face, had to be applied twice daily, and after seeing the results from Soolantra, wasn&#039;t really effective. Soolantra is once daily, creamy and soaks in well, and has done an awesome job. I have gone through two tubes in about 7 months. At first I used it daily, now it&#039;s about 3-4 times per week."
"
Hell no, never again! severe stomach cramps not worth it !"
"I&#039;ve been taking Celexa for almost a year now and it&#039;s been wonderfully helpful.  I&#039;ve had depression/anxiety on and off for years (as well as hypothyroidism).  However, I was always hesitant to take any medication that I didn&#039;t feel was &quot;absolutely necessary&quot;, so I never took anti-depressants before trying Celexa.  Initially, I started with 20 mg and that worked well for a couple of months, but then I needed to go up to 40mg and that has been the dosage that works consistently for me.  Other than the first few weeks of treatment, I&#039;ve had NO bad side effects whatsoever. It has really increased my sex drive (which has been non-existent for years).  "
"I took it for a while mainly for acne and I wanted the IED but my OB suggested I try this as a birth control method as well as help with my acne after I had my first child. I must admit it did wonders on my periods and acne. I had lighter and shorter periods but my sex drive went DOWN. I also missed a weeks worth of the pill due to not picking it from the pharmacy so I waited till my next period to restart it and now I&#039;m nauseated and cramping super bad, this is the second day back on it and my period ended just last week. I started my period again right after taking the pill the Sunday after my period ended and now I feel like POO. I know it will pass as I take it as I said above I had a great first experience besides having no sex drive."
"Been on Flomax for 6 weeks. 4.8 mm stone still hasn&#039;t passed. It is getting close though as I feel like a small elephant on a pogo stick is jumping on my bladder."
"First I must say this page and all the reviews I have just read helped me SOOOO much so thank you to everyone on here. I have suffered with lower back disc pain for about 30 years but I lived with it, I spent a crazy amount of money on physical therapy, chiropractors, and doctors with zero results. I finally was referred to a surgeon in Feb. of this year and told I have 3 herniated discs that would require surgery in July to repair them with metal ones. At that time I was put on 2 x 10mg of Percocets every 4 to 6 hours.  After 4 months I ended up in the E.R in excruciating pain. Dr. put me on gabapentin 2 times a day, I&#039;m on day 6 and I&#039;m pain free! Dry mouth is only side effect and slight dizziness, and down to 1 Percocet a day!"
"I&#039;ve been on this prescription 4 times this year. I caught c-diff after having a vulvectomy and then the next day emergency gallbladder surgery.  So I had it for three separate 14 day rounds to get rid of that, (cdiff much harder to get rid of then bv) now a month later doctors told me I have a bv. So on a 7 day round. The taste is God awful! I get head aches, dry mouth consently thirsty, bloading/gas and yeast infections. But after being on it 3 days the symptoms of the bv are definitely starting to subside. Good luck ladies!!"
"I have severe plaque psoriasis and in just 3 months it is like night and day with just a trace of it left. it is not a shot just 2 pills a day. I fell 99 better at this time. Much clearer then I was with Embrel. I gave it a 9 only because there is always something they will improve on but I am very happy with it."
"Maxalt was a wonderful medication for two years, then its effectiveness rapidly diminished.  My unforeshadowed migraines feature very mild headaches; instead, I first lost my sense of balance, then my lunch, and then the desire to live for the next three hours. Although I was on a migraine-suppressing tricyclic and metroprolol, migraines would punch through two to eight times a month. Maxalt shutdown such migraines within 20 minutes-no side effects. (NOTE: Maxalt did not suppress the rare aura).  After further adjustment of my daily medicines, my rescue medicine became Relpax   2 Aleve."
"I have had 20+ warts on my knees and nothing had seemed to be working. I got multiple treatments of lasering, freezing, and at home remedies. Nothing worked because they continued to grow back...until I got prescribed with Imiquimod. So far I used the cream packets for about 2 weeks now and most of the warts are turning an ashy/grey/crusty black color. Ive read they are supposed to fall off after they turn those colors. Super please with the cream, just wish someone told me about it earlier!"
"Hello! Well... I&#039;ve never had an acne skin. I have a mixed-oily skin and I have some acne when I get stressed. That&#039; s the reason why I visited a dermatologist. The doctor recommended me to use epiduo (every night), after I wash my face with a foam (I use the same foam in the morning with a gel cream after it and a moisturizing cream, as many times as I want). Doctor informed me that this cream may affect me (redness, itching, drought, pain) but my face got like sunburned and it was scratching me so much. I was afraid and I stopped it yesterday. I don&#039; t know if I continue using this cream."
"My Mirena was inserted in June of 2006. 6 weeks after the birth of my first child. My 5 years with Mirena has almost expired.  I am very pleased with the performance of this device. When my Mirena was inserted I experienced approximately 5 months of spotting. I have not had a period in over 4 years. Since my last period I have experienced light spotting, most common after intercourse. I must say I have no complaints. "
"I had a back injury in the Marine Corp in 1989 I have had 7-9 on the pain scale for over 15 years. I have been on morphine 30mgs 6 times a day, Vicodin 10/325 for over six years oxycodone, hydrocodone, fentanyl patches 150 mg every 72 hours, almost any pain medicine you can think of.  I stopped my Vicodin cold turkey after six years, If you have been on pain meds you know what withdrawal is and how painful it can be. I went right to gabapentin.  Oh My God thank you for this pill it is amazing, absolutely zero withdrawal effects from the Vicodin and I was on over 300 mg a day for six years.  I mean it zero withdrawal symptoms. I feel zero back pain and I mean zero. This pill is a miracle I&#039;m on 900 mg 3 times a day."
"I am 31 years old and have been taking dilantin since I was 14 years old. It works very well for me and the only time I ever had any complications is when I have gone more than 1 day without taking it. I suggest a days of the week pill holder to anybody that has a problem remembering to take their meds."
"This Rx helped me immediately.  Have only used for one week but I was amazed!"
"I am 25. I have been taking gabapentin sense I was 17. I must say that I can&#039;t live without it. It makes me feel &quot;my normal&quot;. Anyway, it calms my nerves - but not like a volume ...it makes me feel really good. I feel like I can do and achieve just about anything! I wouldn&#039;t want to be without it. I am prescribed 800 mg gabapentin. I take 1600 mg when I get up in the morning.  Gabapentin changed me..personally..for the better. I love my medicine!"
"I&#039;ve always been a worrier, since I was a child. I assumed it was normal because it was all I&#039;d ever known. After a bad break up and alot of professional stress I decided to see my doctor for a &quot;crutch&quot; to get me through the worst of it and was fully intending for the medication to be a short term situation. I&#039;ve always been against taking medication for my stress. However, in the two months I&#039;ve been on Celexa I&#039;ve decided I&#039;d be more than happy to stay on it forever, as long as it keeps working. The obsessive worrying is just gone, poof! I can worry about something for a few minutes and then move on with my life. I&#039;m happy and vibrant and I feel completely normal now. I had side effects - Yawning, sleeplessness only for the first 2 weeks"
"Got Liletta inserted May 24th 2017. Had originally went in on May 23rd but after 800 mg of ibuprofen and 30 mins spread eagle in the terrible clamps of vaginal agony my physician told me that my cervix was &#039;too tight&#039; and that she was &#039;getting a lot of resistance&#039; when trying the procedure, which she showed me and was admittedly small. So I was rescheduled the next Monday. I went with a different doctor and prescribed Misoprostol to take that night and dilate my cervix. And T3 for the pain. And thank God! Lol it was over in 30 seconds but it brought tears to my eyes. Cramped pretty badly for the next 6 hours. Then mild cramps and low back soreness for a day. Day three has delivered me terrible acne. But no crazy spotting or pain. Will review as I go."
"I started Aviane 5 months ago for birth control. For the first 3 months, my periods were irregular, but now occur during the placebo week. I&#039;ve experienced slight mood swings, less period cramps, and an increase in cup size(s). My acne and weight have stayed the same. Overall recommend!"
"Began morning dose today.  One afternoon &quot;guinea pig&quot;  dose yesterday to examine for side/effects.  No changes in mood,  no craving for smoking  in the morning"
"The only medicine that keeps my migraines manageable. I take it along with Topiramate and a beta blocker, atenolol as well as the when required medicines for when one strikes (Naprelan, and either Frova or Axert or Sumavel injection)."
"My daughter is 15 and had increase confusion, zombie effect, was Not a good medication for her"
"30mg twice a day, blood pressure averages 140/85. 60mg twice a day blood pressure averages 112/69.  After 6 hours, blood pressure goes up to 170 /110 .  Unfortunate side effect of erectile dysfunction.  20mg of Levitra helps a little.  Doctor is now trying me on Terazosin so we&#039;ll see."
"Whatever you do, DO NOT TAKE THIS! I would not recommend this for acne. 4 weeks into the treatment I was sent to the hospital, with a very bad fever it became hard to breathe. A couple days after I came home from the hospital My whole body felt like pins and needles on the inside and itchy on the out! :( most horrible thing I&#039;ve went through. honestly accutane was less of a pain than this. I&#039;d take dry lips to pins and needles any day."
"I won&#039;t lie it hurts like being snapped with a wet towel tail, but not as much as my light sensitive migraines do. My daughter also suffers from migraines, and she&#039;s a big baby about pain but will take a dose. Before this my migraines would ruin my day. I would have to lay in the dark with a bucket and suffer, praying I could keep my oral medication down. Now I DosePro lay down for 30 minutes and I am back to normal. It literally has changed my life, anyone who suffers from migraines knows the feeling of a migraine building knowing that pain is coming and trying to head it off with oral Meds and then failing to stop it. The endless hours of horrific pain. Luckily my insurance covers it, but I&#039;d buy it whatever the cost."
"Poison- don&#039;t take this! Lots of terrible side effects, it got so bad that I lost my far vision at the store one day, I could only see things within a foot or two. It took 10 minutes for my vision to return to normal. Poison!"
"I was subscribed Soma when I was recovering from an accident where I fractured my clavicle.  I was directed to take only at bedtime.  I was experiencing a lot of nerve pain from the injuries and having a hard time sleeping -- I could only sleep on my back and I have lower back problems to begin with.  I found Soma to be a wonderful sleeping aid that allowed me to get a solid pain-free night of sleep and wake up refreshed in the morning without feeling groggy or sedated.  I took Soma almost every night for a couple months and experienced no withdrawal symptoms when I stopped.  I would highly recommend it for insomnia but I wouldn&#039;t feel qualified to attest to it&#039;s effectiveness for other purposes."
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor XR for about 9 years now (150mg once a day). I originally started taking it for A.D.D. and mild depression. It has worked incredibly for me. I went from no attention span to extremely focused. I also went through some events that increased my depression, and by upping the dosage, I was fine. The only side effects I&#039;ve had are extreme withdrawal symptoms if I miss a dose (severe headaches and jitters), and a decreased sex drive. I would strongly recommend this drug."
"After 37 years of smoking 11/2 to 2 packs a day I am now 3 years smoke free. Chantix did that for me. Except for having a little nausea it was a piece of cake.  I still think I want a cigarette every now and then but, the thought leaves as soon as it begins."
"I am 39 and have never had PMS to speak of.  I have been on birth control pills for over a decade (Estrostep, OrthoTricyclen) with no problems.  Went on Gianvi and it was a nightmare.  I stuck it out for 3 months as my body adjusted thinking it would get better but if anything, it got worse.  The 10 days or so before my period I was tense, stressed and depressed. It had such a negative impact on my life.  And no sex drive to speak of.  The only positive thing I can say is that I did not notice worsening of any weight or acne problems.  "
"The first few weeks after my first shot were great. I didn&#039;t have any side effects. My period came two weeks late the first month and after that all hell broke loose. My period lasted ten days and ever since O have had a brown discharge. It hasn&#039;t stopped in two months. I also have horrible mood swings now. I haven&#039;t gained weight and not having to take a pill everyday is really convenient, but overall it isn&#039;t worth it."
"I have had absolutely no problems with Tri-Sprintec.  I don&#039;t have any side effects at all.  No weight gain, no mood swings, no depression, no anxiety, no nausea, same sex drive.  (No increase in breast size either - I WISH I had that side effect!)   I feel exactly the same taking this as I did not taking any birth control.  The only difference is my periods are lighter and shorter, and my cramps are no longer severe.  By the way, I was really scared to take this because of the negative reviews I read!  But before you decide this is a bad pill, give it a try.  Every woman&#039;s body is different and your experience will just depend on your body!"
"I chose this birth control because of how easy it would be, insert and forget. I didn&#039;t do my research, I did it for convenience. I bled the first month, I had spotting throughout. I never got headaches prior to using this birth control, I had them constantly for three weeks straight. I have abdominal pain for about five weeks straight, which kept me in bed. My emotions definitely switched up as well, there was a noticeable difference in how much easier I got upset. With the amount of work I took off, it literally took control of my life. I got off of it. I could not get past the three months, I got into sixty days because the side effects were excruciating."
"This is a horrible shot!! I got my first shot in August, ever since then everything has been terrible. I am not a normal crier and I cry at least twice a week over very small things or sometimes nothing. Before I was very happy, me and my boyfriend were at a good spot and I had a good relationship with everyone around me. Now I can&#039;t keep the same relationship with anyone because I constantly and moody or sad. The cramping during the first month was ridiculous, unlike any other cramping I experienced. My period didn&#039;t last that long like other ladies, but I did spot almost everyday. The depression has to be the worst side effect I experienced. It has taken over my life making it super hard for me to do the things I love, such as volleyball."
"I love this medication.  I was taking Lisinopril and got horrible headaches and my BP wasn&#039;t going down.  I&#039;ve been taking this and I don&#039;t get the headaches and my BP is down."
"Day 1 : felt pretty much the same as before I started the tablets, did notice anxiety heightend first couple hours after the tablet.
day 2 : felt slightly better than day 1 felt a little sick and had slight headache , was still up and down through out the day. Had upset stomach on the night but that didn&#039;t last long.
day 3 : woke up feeling slighty better than day 2 still up and down. Had lower abdominal pain on and of throug the day but generally felt abit better. Anxiety wasent so bad after taking tablet unlike day 1 and 2. 
Day 4 : woke up feeling better than day 3, feel like I&#039;ve got no emotions but feel a bit better. Haven&#039;t taken tablet yet so will write later on. today"
"I have chronic neurological pain as well as lower back/hip pain. As I have aged (I&#039;m 52) dealing with chronic pain has evolved for me.
In my 30&#039;s and 40&#039;s my primary care Dr at the time prescribed T3 as well as hydrocodone and morphine extended release. Have to say,my pain was obliterated, I didn&#039;t feel pain heck I didn&#039;t feel anything. I was a mess and had such a high tolerance that my daily life consisted barely getting up off the couch. 
Fast forward to the present. I now live in a different state and have a great new primary care physician. I have bee taking Lyrica for neurological pain in my feet- which didn&#039;t work well for me. So she prescribed Gabapentin 800mg  twice a day and Tylenol 3 twice a day as needed."
"I had TGs of 482 - 525 in 2012 - I tried to get them under control but could not despite exercise and diet . I tried Lovaza in 2012 but it spiked by LDL-s by 40% and my Doc was very concerned and I stopped ( plus fishy stink, burbs etc). Then I tried samples of Vascepa, wow! no fish taste whatsoever, my TGs fell by 40% and I felt better than ever ( mood, strength, less aches and my Dry Eye ceased!  and my LDL-C dropped 305 as well. Its a miracle for me. I looked at OTC, but it was far more expensive than 49 co-pay coupon and worried about unknown ingredients, toxins. I highly recommend this medicine. No side effects - Zero!"
"I have not slept in 2 nights. It&#039;s 4 am and I&#039;m wide awake.  I&#039;m so glad I found this website because I thought there might me something wrong with me.  Would have never thought Mucinex was the culprit! Although it has definitely cleared up all my congestion. "
"As a substitute for Nyquil, this worked surprisingly well.  I got a full night of comfortable sleep and woke the next morning marginally refreshed (I was, after all, fighting the flu).  The only negative side effect of this drug is that it subtly puts you off your game.  I took some and then drove to the store to get more medicine on the advice of a health nurse.  Because I was slightly buzzed (but did not realize it) I almost ran a red light.   Don&#039;t drive if you take this medicine."
"I started taking Prozac since I began my hospitalization at a mental facility in March. I am on Prozac for approximately 1 month now. The first week was still awful for me, but Prozac did make me feel better. The following two weeks I began to feel progressively &quot;happier&quot;, and I started participating in activities more. Lots of people commented on how I became more bubbly after my hospitalization. However, I am beginning to feel down again recently. Hopefully my psychiatrist can figure something out."
"Insurance covered before for same conditions, it is the BEST STUFF on the market and I&#039;ve used alot of the antifungals, putting this on my skin was like putting &quot;heaven&quot; on my skin, BEST PRODUCT EVER! Trying to get insurance to cover. It treats OTHER conditions than &quot;diaper rash&quot; for under breast, groin areas, skin folds, anywhere moisture holds, using this and UNscented soaps, I noticed BIG difference over night! I&#039;ve used &quot;Other&quot; antifungals and ZERO help and/or made condition MUCH worse. Wish it was affordable to buy if insurance will not cover again. I&#039;ve tried 5 other antifungals and NO help at all."
"WARNING!!!  It works great but it DOES make you gain a lot of weight!!!
I have absolutely loved this drug until a few minutes ago when I started searching for the cause of my rapid weight gain.  I never once considered Viibryd because I was told it had no effect.  Today I did a search on Bing and that search has now changed my life."
"Took DM at bed time and will never do that again! Yes I felt better and felt some relief,however, the heart palpitations were out of this world! I was so jittery still 3 hours later,  that I literally couldn&#039;t sit still in my bed. Finally was able to sleep at 3 and woke up feeling super dehydrated and almost hungover, with puffy eyes and a bad headache. No Mas!"
"I was diagnosed with PPH in 2005. I started in a medication study for the first year which brought about great relief in my symptoms.  When the medicine was not approved by the FDA, my doctor put me on Letairis, 10mg but had to cut the dose down to 5mgs. due to leg swelling.  I have done well since then and only get shortness of breath with exertion, but have learned to pace myself.  Thanks to &quot;Caring Voices&quot; who help me with my insurance copay I am enjoying life at 75.  I was able to work as an RN till I was 72 and retired only when they changed the computer system!  I&#039;ve been blessed and very thankful to have Letairis."
"I am a wife of a man that has bipolar disorder and he takes depakote er. We love it. It is easier for him to control his mental illness."
"This medicine has saved my life.  I was on it for several years (300 mg) and felt it wasn&#039;t helping any more so I quit it on my own.  No problem quitting but a few months ago began feeling hopeless due to financial problems and could not do anything on weekends but lay around in bed and sleep my weekends away.  I couldn&#039;t get anything done and put important things off that needed to be done.  In just the last 2 days I can tell that I already want to get out of bed and do housework and get a shower. I didn&#039;t realize what Wellbutrin XL did for me but I do now and am grateful I am back in it!"
"I developed chronic diarrhoea in 2014 that started suddenly and never went away. After extensive tests I was given the diagnosis of IBS. The stomach upsets were so frequent sometimes up to 6 times a day that it was affecting the quality of my life. I could barely make it to the toilet on bad days. I have been taking Allegron/nortriptyline 20mg for 4 nights now and for the first time in years symptom free! It can make me drowsy in evening and morning but I am willing to put up with side effects as feel so much better. Pain free. I have also started a FODMAP diet and in conjunction with the medication and have had quick results."
"I was prescribed this to reduce my heavy periods, which had been contributing to my aneamia - I had been getting annual iron transfusions for the previous three years. I&#039;m on two three times per day for four days. They work as in, have reduced my bleeding significantly. I have not noticed any side effects during the days I take them. Initially when I took the tablets I would keep spotting for up to 7 days but the last few months my period is all over by day 5. My periods have gone from a 28 day cycle to a 35 day cycle - so I&#039;m assuming this is a side effect. I do get some slight pre period cramping in the 2-3 days before I get my period now, which I have not had previously.
My alternatives to taking this were getting a Mirena implant"
"I&#039;m a 25 year old male who has suffered severe migraines since I was about 13. I get them on average once every 1-2 months. I&#039;ve tried many different OTC medications for all forms of pain relief and nothing at all even makes a dent, so much so, I rarely took any form of pain relief medication for a long time. A couple of years ago I discovered Excedrin Migraine and gave it a shot. I can honestly say these pills are pure magic for me. I take them for migraines, and occasionally other forms of pain, and it makes me feel like a million bucks. It doesn&#039;t just numb the pain or make it tolerable, for me it completely erases it like I never had any pain to begin with. Not only that they also make me feel up-beat, alert and happy."
"Lexapro gave me terrible nightmares.  I jump out of bed while asleep. I tore both of my arms up and hit the closet door with my head. 
 I scream in my sleep, I break lamps with my flailing arms while I am a sleep.  Every side effect listed I have!  I fall all the time, I stumble around.  This is a terrible medicine!!  Never again!!  It seems to be taking forever to get out of my system after I stopped it (without my Dr permission).  What happens now can not be as bad as the side effects I have!!"
"My neurologists prescribed me Topamax to prevent migraines 4 days ago. The first night I took the the pill I had HORRIBLE side effects (tingling and numbness for hours). The following night I decided to take my vitamins (which I didn&#039;t do the night before) and I didn&#039;t experience the same side effects. Not sure if it helped, but I make sure I take them every single day!! The only side effect that I get is slight tingling in my hands occasionally."
"I have been taking Orlistat for two weeks now and have had zero side effects but am very careful with what I eat, have lost 5lbs in two weeks and have a long way to go as I have at least 6 stones to lose."
"Was prescribed Nucynta for pain associated with sciatica and herniated disk in L5/S1. Although it did relieve the pain the side effects I&#039;ve experienced are just not worth it. Horrible headache, itching, sweating, constipation and depression."
"I wanted to add another good review to the sea of bad ones. This was my first form of birth control other than condoms so I had no idea how I would react and was absolutely terrified! I decided to try it anyway since it can be removed anytime and my insurance paid for it in full. 
Granted its only been one week, but if I couldn&#039;t feel it (which is reassuring to know its there and intact) I would forget I was on birth control! I&#039;ve had absolutely no side effects. If anything changes I&#039;ll edit this review."
"I have bowel adhesions and they cause debilitating  IBS. I first was given Donnatal Elixir in an ER with horrible intestinal cramps.  This stuff soothes, works quickly and it stops the cramps.  I recommend it to anyone I know who has IBS.  And the drowsy side effect helps me to sleep and when I wake up I feel better. 
Definitely ask your doctor about this one if you suffer from intestinal issues!"
"Worked great for me. Not only did it control my perception of reality, it also takes away the strange emotional attachments that I was having. It made me go from sitting on the couch hidding, to working full time as an electrician, sometimes up to 10 hours a day, something I thought I would never be able to do again. There were only two problems. I was unmotivated, I didn&#039;t have any passion for life. I was  just going through the motions. However this is much better that being  psychotic and suicidal. In the 9 months I was on the medication, I gained almost 100 pounds. This happened even when I was eating the same amount as before I was medicated. Again, this is far better than being angry and paranoid."
"I was perscribed this product 4 days ago and I&#039;ve been taking it every night since In pea sized amounts. The first day at out a little extra on a big spot in my cheek and its dried out and flattened in that 4 days. I have very small red bumps all over my right cheek and a small breakout on my left(mostly clear though) my forehead is clear also after only having small bumps before I started he treatment. What I have noticed is results in the bigger pimples but the small bumps on my cheek haven&#039;t gone down and they&#039;re still unsightly. My face burned on the third day but not very bad, although my right cheek was especially red. I think I&#039;ll probably experience more drying and redness to come so I&#039;m going to update changes every week till then."
"I went to the ER for extreme neck and head pain. They said they were going to treat me with a headache cocktail. The nurse shot 3 medicines in me quickly. The first was reglan. Immediately after she put this in my iv I felt an intense pressure in my chest and I could barely breathe. I began to feel so restless and jittery. I wanted to jump up and rip the IV out and run. I tried to lay there and calm down but I felt terrible intense anxiety and worried I was going to die. I felt panic like never before. I thought something was wrong with me, I&#039;m so glad I&#039;m not alone. I&#039;ll never agree to this medicine again, and my head still hurt when I left!"
"This is NOT an advertisement:
Lamictal changed my life -for the better.  After 7 days, it seemed like a miracle, I slowly began to become focused and feel at peace. Lamictal erased all suicidal thoughts. This is really how I experienced it. It speaks for itself. I never acquired any side effects at all. My short and long term memory is increased. My learning capabilities are in fact better now then ever before. I only wish that I had received the meds years earlier. I made a lot of wrong decisions and choices before it, and still have to live with a lot of  the damaging consequences, of which I am still trying to make amends. Without Lamictal, I wouldn&#039;t be alive today, and that is the truth"
"I have been battling severe depression for most of my life, and at 30 years old I finally decided to seek help. I was prescribed 10 mg at first and it has been gradually increased at different increments over the last year and a half. I am currently taking 60 mg Prozac daily. Taking Prozac has definitely helped my moods, but no pill is a fix-all.  I recommend counseling also. I have had some issues with weight gain and loss of libido. I&#039;ve noticed that once I have been on a stable dosage for a while, the libido does come back."
"Pre Trilipix, triglycerides 4300 ---&gt; Currently 213!  Wow what a change!  Nothing else even came close to these results."
"Lortab works fine at first then you develop a tolerance to it and have to be put on something stronger. I have degenerative bone and disc disease in my spine so I&#039;ll have to be on pain medicines the rest of my life."
"I have been on Lexapro 10 mg for a little over two months, and I already have noticed that my depression crept back. I recently started 20 mg, about a week ago. I haven&#039;t noticed a difference. I have had severe depression for the majority of my life, and I probably would have killed myself without antidepressants, but I feel that I need to add another medicine or switch. It helps with the anxiety, but the depression is what makes me unable to function. This was a good drug, but I have pretty bad tremors, and I&#039;m thinking I need something more powerful."
"I have been on this medicine for a month. I can&#039;t believe how much better I feel. My body is not sore anymore. My shouldes were almost frozen. Now I have total usage of them. It&#039;s a miracle drug for me"
"I stated taking Contrave for my binge eating on 10/1/15 and just started month two this past Monday doing two pills in the morning and two at night. For my 4 week follow up I lost 2 lbs which was a little disappointing however I know this medication is working for me. I have had no desire to binge or stack on sweets or heavy carbs. I did experience a little nausea and dizziness the first couple of weeks but they have all subsided. The only side effect I may have is waking up multiple times through the night. I give Contrave a 10 because I can mentally tell a difference and for me that is whats most important at this point of my life aside from being healthy. I eat a low carb diet and stay away from processed foods. I also do a boot-camp workout 4-5 days a week"
"I took the liquid unison (50mg/30ml) at 6:45pm Then 7:45 pm came around so I took another dose It is now 7:52 pm I&#039;m in a lot of pain and can&#039;t even go to sleep!! I would NOT recommend this to anyone!! I&#039;m highly upset!"
"This was my third birth control pill type. Everything went good up until my period came-did not stop bleeding for over a month straight. DR had to switch me to a different medication &amp; give me pills for uterine bleeding. Wasn&#039;t a pleasant experience. Also was very sluggish, depressed, &amp; had very bad anxiety with this pill. Would not recommend this to anyone."
"They should really put a warning on the label of this medication. Used it at bedtime woke up at 1 a.m. with a burning itching that was not relieved by any method. Completely miserable I do not know why so many women react this way but there should be a significant warning place on the label I&#039;m going to reach out to the FDA. Beware of this medication hopefully you read this before use not after. There&#039;s nothing that&#039;s been able to relieve the inflammation pain and itching I&#039;d rather have a yeast infection for the rest of my life then you have to feel this way."
"I feel that this medication is causing pain in my legs when I walk and as a result, I can no longer play golf or walk very far."
"Hideous fungus under all 10 toenails since age 12, I&#039;m 52 now. My life is changed, since in adolescence and even until today, I have hidden my toes and suffered ridicule and embarrassing questions. Been taking the drug for 4 mths as I write this.  It&#039;s a miracle. Big toenails have cleared beautifully to 50% and all other 8 nails are at 90% or better. Taste impacted minimally(temporary). Liver function normal. Just do it."
"I had my first Implanon inserted March 2007.  As a professional ballroom dancer my doctor and I agreed that it would be the best form of contraception with the added benefit that my cycle could be eliminated. I had my second implant inserted last week. As I have not read any reviews on the removal or reinsertion, I thought I would share mine.  The removal process took a bit longer, the doctor made a small lengthwise incision, then she attempted to pull the plastic rod out...however, during the course of the 3 years, tissue had grown around the implant making it a little difficult to pull out. This tugging was painful; however, not unbearable.  She then inserted the replacement implant quicker than I could notice. Good to go for 3 years."
"I have just started to use this drug and I hope it works. I have had more than 4 lithotripsy operations so far three external and one internal. I&#039;ve gotta do something, it&#039;s destroying my kidneys and my pocketbook. I&#039;ll try to keep my fellow sufferers up to date."
"Uroxatral was about as effective for me as Flomax with fewer side effects.  It makes me very tired, and lightheaded sometimes, but with non of the stuffiness that I had with Flomax which was a big plus.  I&#039;m not rating it higher because it didn&#039;t do much for my BPH pain although urinary flow was much improved.  Herbal supplements of quercetin, and beta sitosteral still work the best for me."
"I was diagnosed with chronic depression, and anxiety in 7th grade. Now a junior in HS , I have been through trial and error with many medications including Pristiq, Prozac, Effexor, Latuda, and Zoloft for depression. For anxiety I have been on Abilify, which made me gain about 65 pounds in 8-9 months. Since 7th grade I have been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, which my depression worsened with,  and I have very bad anger issues. I now take 30 mg of propranolol (anxiety) and 150 mg of Welbutrin, and the two medications work very well together. It took about a month or 2 for me to notice any changes after staring Welbutrin, but this has been the most effective med. by far, &amp; I have lost about 30 pounds in the past 3 months!"
"Still new to the drug but at least I don&#039;t get flu symptoms after dosing."
"Had strep throat and double ear infection including one ruptured ear drum. Was so sick, but after 24 hours on Z-Pak, major turn-around with 80% recovery within 48 hours.  Much faster and more effective than Amoxicillin or similar."
"I am on my second week of Chantix. So far I haven&#039;t had any bad side effects. A little constipation is all. I&#039;ve been a smoker since age 16, am now 48. I quit smoking cold turkey in 1988 for 6 years, but started smoking due to an extremely stressful family emergency. Since then I have tried nicotine gum and patches with no success. I already suffer from depression so was unsure whether or not to use Chantix. After talking to my therapist I got and started taking it. In the first week I noticed that the craving for a cigarette was a lot less than I expected. Now after the beginning of the second week I can tell that cigarettes are starting to taste bad. So far I&#039;m very pleased how the Chantix is working for me! I was a pack a day smoker."
"I started taking Prozac about 2 &amp; 1/2 years ago after having a horrible bout of dry mouth with Celexa. Did some research and asked the doctor for Prozac. I felt much the same as I did on the Celexa without the side effects. No weight gain but no loss either. As one of the other reviewers stated I felt &quot;neutral&quot; (neither happy or sad). It did help with anxiety and stress but after about a year and a half I once again developed severe dry mouth. I started taking my 20 mg dose every other day to reduce the side effects but ended up with swelling of my face and tongue. I am no longer taking this but would still recommend trying it. Thought I would do ok without medication but will be making an appointment tomorrow to get something new."
"As a prediabetic, I am anxious to not hit a &quot;tipping point&quot; into full diabetes. I asked my GP for Vitroza, but could only get insurance to cover Byetta. Three weeks later and 25 pounds less, I am thrilled. I still lap swim 3 times a week and lift weights with no hunger or sweet cravings. Also I inject in my thigh with no side effects. WHEW! Thanks Byetta!!"
"I&#039;ve been on Symbyax for over 5 years, off and on, but consistently for the last 3. I have found that when I&#039;m on it, I feel like me again. I am not moody, snappy, or self-destructive. When I was manic I engaged in promiscuous activity, large spending and shopping sprees, when I didn&#039;t have the money I would turn to stealing. When I was down I could be bed ridden for days, sometimes weeks. I would not go into work, was suicidal and ultimately hospitalized on different occasions at my worst. I was started on many different medications and combinations, but also being an epileptic (also caused some depression) my Dr&#039;s and I had to be careful with medicines Symbyax, Depakote, and Trazodone worked! I feel great."
"I have NEVER had any trouble with antibiotics before.  I took Spectracef 400mg 2 x a day for 10 days. I now have oral thrush, and am itching in private place.  My whole mouth is sore especially my tongue.  "
"Although reading the possible side effects can be scary, this medicine gave me my life back. I had a little hair loss, at doses above 1000mg, but it&#039;s been great in stabilizing my mood swings. If I go off of it, I have an episode within a month. I had no weight gain (actually lost weight I had gained from taking Seroquel previously). I take it with Wellbutrin SR and a little Abilify.  But the Depakote is by far the most effective. I&#039;ve been on it for over 3 years."
"I already used Celebrex for several years if I have pains."
"I have had this birth control since May 30 2015. In many ways it&#039;s been a godsend- I haven&#039;t had the horrible change in mood I did with the pill, and it hasn&#039;t affected my weight or skin. It&#039;s convenient not to take it every day. Like others, I bled for months after it was implanted- i was bleeding lightly almost all of June 2015 through the end of January 2016, sometimes with short breaks. Then it  stopped in February, and I didn&#039;t menstruate for months. In July I had a miscarriage at two weeks. I bled for about 3 weeks after that, and just started a period yesterday. Overall I&#039;d say I&#039;m happy with this because the pill was comparatively much worse on a day to day basis (skin and mood), but i do wish there were something more reliable."
"I had a bad skin infection that turned into a blood infection rather quickly- while this antibiotic kicked its ass it also kicked mine. I was on 500 mg 3 times a day for about 2 weeks (starting off with IV and then when I was discharged pills) 

The side effects I experienced was like a living hell. I&#039;d rather cut off my leg than take them again. 
Heart burn, metallic taste, my skin started peeling off on my hands, face, and legs. My eczema broke out terribly, but my acne cleared up so there&#039;s that. 
But the worst part was the diarrhea and nausea. I feel so faint and tired, 24/7, no appetite and my stomach feels like I have bowling balls in it. I&#039;ve been vomiting almost every day along with non stop diarrhea. It works. But its HELL. even after you stop"
"Once you find a good site it is relatively painless. Almost no severe reactions yet. I can&#039;t handle  IVIG very well so this is it for me."
"I have used Systane for about 9 weeks and have been experiencing severe swelling and irritation of my eyelids, including splitting of the skin and drying out of the sore areas.  Have narrowed down the cause as Systane, and not blepharitis."
"I have tried EVERYTHING and this is the ONLY thing that worked."
"I was on Cryselle for over 6 years prescribed by my obgyn for ovarian cyst treatment. I had no issues on this drug, had minimal to no pain from cysts and had regular periods. My periods are actually lighter since I have been off this medication, but were not heavy while on it and lasted about 3-5 days. I did not gain weight or have any issues with mood swings. I did notice when I went off of it that I sweat less so that was probably the only side effect I had. Overall, a positive experience."
"Been on several different meds for my epilepsy. Take it in conjunction with Tegretol and Keppra. Works great initially but loses its potency after awhile. Dosage has to constantly be increased. Side effects experienced include: Increased urination, trouble searching for words / memory problems, and depression. Although, I think, the depression is linked to other influences it might aggravate the symptom. (50 yr old male, mid America)"
"It seems to have taken the edge off, I&#039;m not &quot;barking&quot; coughing anymore but still wide awake at 4:30am and coughing all night."
"I have been on imuran for at least 25 years. Have had few if any side effects. My lupus is basically in remission most of the time. I also take predisone."
"I got it and for me it&#039;s been very easy to manage my periods come farther apart now and dot a little after that&#039;s all."
"I was a two pack a day smoker for over 10 years. I took Zyban and put on the patch. I was done smoking with no withdrawal symptoms in a month.  To this day no cigarettes since &#039;97."
"Very effective with no side effects.  Dosage 5mg.  Sometimes I take only half a pill (2.5mg) and find that is effective for going back to sleep if I wake up and am unable to go back to sleep during the night."
"Not sure if it&#039;s only the medicine or the endocrinologist prescribed it wrong, but, all I can say is I am sick, sick, sick every day, all day for the past 2 weeks. The second shot was 1.5. Not sure what the first one was, as it was given to me at the Dr&#039;s office. I felt nauseous the whole first week. This week, extreme nausea, acid reflux, loud burping, bloating, lack of appetite and/or disgusted by sight and smell of all foods. Only one good comment: my blood sugar has gone down from 140ish to 110-129 and I also decreased my Lantus units. However, I cannot function like this so I&#039;m stopping this med immediately."
"I was prescribed this for nerve pain in neck and back. It has helped with the pain but the unexpected mood enhancement side affect has been very welcome. I didn&#039;t realise how much of my time was taken up with negative thoughts and mild depression. I am much more focused and positive. It&#039;s like aspects of my personality that had been wittled away by the rigours of daily life have returned. I am also a  performer and have found it very calming.
After experimenting with dosages and working out the trade off between pain relif and drowsiness I found a level. 
My only side affect which I haven&#039;t noticed anyone mentioning in the reviews is that I pee more often. But I&#039;m so laid back these days that it doesn&#039;t matter lol."
"I have been taking 100 mg for about 6 years. I had moderate OCD, high anxiety, and then a diagnosis of depression before I started taking Pristiq. I have found it has reduced my OCD, anxiety and depression very well. Lately though I have been experiencing intrusive self-critical thoughts and excessive bruxosis (teeth grinding). I am 62 and have a heavy work load. My libido has been hugely reduced since starting on Pristiq although this may in part be due to menopause. I also occasionally experience what I would call LSD flashbacks, of a benign nature. The images I see, only at night, are of extraordinary beauty and are extremely detailed. When I open my eyes, I can still see the images. Has anyone else experienced this?"
"I decided to switch from the pill to Mirena because I was not great at remembering to take the pill and I am 21 and not ready to have a baby, so I wanted something I could not forget to take. I went online and read reviews and almost did not go through with it because even though there were some great reviews, the bad ones terrified me, especially because I had a lot of problems on multiple birth control pills before (depression, mood swings, sore breasts, etc). The initial procedure for me was not bad at all, and the pain was less than a normal period cramp. Since then I have had no pain and no adverse side effects, and I have nothing but great things to say. So much better than the pill, and honestly the best decision I have made about bc"
"I had major depression from the time I started menstruating.  It would cycle with my cycle.  It caused paranoia, and fear of being seen outside my home.  It feared going to my mail box, yet, at times I would sign up to do things like be an Avon Lady! I felt crazy. In my mid 30&#039;s, divorced, alcoholic, my doctor prescribed Prozac.  It didn&#039;t seem to help me.  Later in recovery but still profoundly depressed, she put me on Zoloft and the result was instantaneous.  I felt like a window to my life had been opened.  I wasn&#039;t afraid.  I looked forward to getting out of bed.  I found things I liked to do. I have a healthy relationship, a good job, a life.  I have been given my life back.  Now, I am 16 years sober.  Thank you Zoloft."
"Love it when you are pregnant. The only medicine that works."
"I was dealing with severe insomnia for a few months. Dr prescribed 10mg. It helped me fall asleep noticably quicker. No sleepwalking or anything, but then one night my work woke me after an hour or so and I was slightly impaired; stumbling through bedroom and slurring words. Felt like being drunk except that my mind was still fine, just body delayed. Otherwise,  it has been free of side effects and gets job done - except for heartburn. Experience it nightly after taking ambien and take an antacids"
"I am 76. My wife died after an extended illness that made intercourse painful. Probably my Ed was psychological so when I met someone and wanted intercourse again it was not possible. I had been on cialis at a reduced dosage for prostate health for a couple of years and decided to go with the daily dose of 5 mg to see if that helped. Boy did it ever!  It took about three weeks but erections were back as never before. Here is a 76 year old man and a 65 year old youngster having sex twice a day usually with multiple orgasms for both of us. We are amazed. More sex in the past 4 months than in previous 15 years for both of us. I did use a 25 mg dose of viagra for the first couple of weeks but soon found it was not necessary."
"Condom came off. Took Plan B about 48hrs later. Was super stressed. About a day before I was supposed to get my period, started having cramps, dizziness and  breast tenderness. Long story short my period was a day late but I got it none the less. It&#039;s terrible when you&#039;re so stressed out and thinking you&#039;re pregnant. The pill does work. My cramps are terrible though. I felt the side effects 6-7 days after taking the pill as well."
"I have fibromyalgia and severe costochondritis, dx&#039;d in 2010. After nearly a week of a nasty pain flare and then I fell. That just made it worse, the last straw. So I went to emergency room. 

Was absolutely shocked they couldn&#039;t (by Canadian law) give opioids or anything like that for pain relief when my pain was nearly 3x it usually is. Felt like I totally wasted my time calling the ambulance and waiting for hours to see the emerg doc.

Then he offered Toradol and I got a shot of it soon thereafter. I was amazed how it worked, my pain literally just drained away within 10 mins or less. I had not felt that close to being pain free in well over a decade. I cried tears of disbelief and joy. Getting it in pill form asap!"
"Three weeks in and I have headaches, nausea, and irritability.  My biggest problem with this pill is I now have the worst acne my face has ever seen.  "
"I was on the pill called Diane when I was in my early 20s and found that it made me anxious and depressed. I went off the pill all together because it scared me. I found that I started to break out after I got off it and no matter what face products I used, the pimples would not go away. I then went to my GP and explained the effects that I got from my recent experience with the pill. She then recommended that I try Yaz. It was the best advise I have ever been given. It took a few months to kick in but my period pains aren&#039;t as bad as they used to be, I&#039;m happier, my sex drive is great and my pimples are finally clearing up! Although this has worked for me, I would suggest speaking with your GP to see if this is right for you."
"I have fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, have had a hip replacement and extensive back surgery for spinal stenosis.  I had pain constantly at times almost to the point I could hardly walk.  After beginning Cymbalta the pain left.  I feel like I did 25 or 30 years ago.  I have had no negative side effects except an occasional mild headache and night sweats some nights.  This medication has been a life-saver, even stopping the nerve pains shooting down my legs.  It&#039;s worth trying it!"
"I suffered a stroke due to this damn medicine"
"I&#039;m female, been battling these things on and off for a few years. Most of them have been on my rear. Started immiquimod and they seemed to get worse, even popping up on my front. I did every other day for 2 months then cut back to every 3-4 days. Yes, it irritates your skin. I also introduced a zinc 50 mg, n-acetyl cysteine 600 mg, bio align wellness formula and vitamin d3 5000 iu (all from vitamin world for under $50). I didn&#039;t change my diet, drinking, etc. It FINALLY WORKED! About 10-12 weeks in and completely gone. It all seemed to get better right toward the end. STICK TO IT!! You can use for up to 16 weeks. I also split up the packets to reduce the cost. You can get atleast 2 uses per packet."
"Pristiq has been the best depression medication that I have tried even though it is supposed to have adverse side effects with other medications I am currently taking. I like it so much that I am reluctant to try something else since no other anti-depressant has been as effective."
"OMG THIS IS THE WORST PAIN OF MY LIFE! And I&#039;ve given birth. I feel like Satan put his pitch fork up my vag. I called my on call nurse, all she told me to do was wash It off and call my doctor in the morning. Now I have a bag of ice and am thankful I don&#039;t work tomorrow. Don&#039;t buy this product (Monistate 3) unless you are into self touture!"
"When I take my dose it makes me more sleepy than usual. It&#039;s not everyday, but some days I can be sleepy after 7-9 hours when I have slept enough (approx. 7-8 hours). That&#039;s the only side effect I had up to now. So I am ok with it, I guess. Annoying with two tablets 500 mg each day, but oh well better than seizures. That&#039;s even worse. Those who had them can feel with me. :)"
"I am rating this a 10, because I believe it&#039;s extremely effective. I have been on the patch for almost 4 years &amp; I never once had a pregnancy scare. For me I get regular periods, but I also get most of the side effects. After the first few months periods are regular, mine last between 3-5 days. I get more emotional, I get mood swings, cramps, headaches, I bloat, I basically get all the the side effects, but they are not severe. Every once in a while they are pretty bad, but that will only happen once every 6 months-year. On the patch I never gained weight from it. The only thing I truly dislike about it is I will get really nauseous and throw up if I don&#039;t eat anything the night before I put a new one on and recently I&#039;ll have bloody discharge."
"This drug gave me day to day life back. Pain is well controlled."
"I started taking Adipex a week ago today. It has made me eat half of what I used to. I love the way it makes me think about what I am putting in my mouth. I have had the dry mouth and sleepiness at night side effects. In the last few days I have started experiencing severe blurred vision. I was just wondering if any one else has had this problem. By the way I lost 5 lbs the first week."
"Our condom seemed to not have worked properly, but I had to work so I didn&#039;t take the pill until about 18 hours later. I have taken the two pill process about a year ago when the same had happened, and I didn&#039;t become pregnant then nor experience side effects that were noticeable. With this pill, I have been tired, but I am a teacher who works long hours and grades late into the evening so I didn&#039;t attribute it to the pill. I was not nauseated but took it a couple of hours before bed and was my usual tired self. My period came 5 days later with a vengance (strong cramps/heavier bleeding). It is 2 weeks early, which scared me a bit. That is why I wrote this review and sought out others. I also experienced diarrhea due to cramps being so strong."
"I started it because of bad periods. I liked it the first month because of no period. After about 2 months I went to the doctor and I had gained 40 pounds. The doctor told me it was my hormones getting leveled out. So I did another shot. Within 1 and 1/2 months I gained another 30. I had not changed my diet or anything. So I had gained over 60 pounds. I stopped the shot. It gas been 6 months since I have been off the shot and I have still not got a period and I am still trying to lose the weight. "
"Started cramping the very next day after taking the pills. And have had the cramps every day for the last 3 weeks. Lower back pains and angry episodes are just some of the symptoms. The anger has definitely been a major factor though. I am getting off of them in a week."
"I was diagnosed with a big DVT in right leg in Oct. 2015. Was put on Xeralto for 6 months. Two months ago had another ultra sound and no clots. I am 66 years old. The doctor just took me off Xeralto 4 days ago and now I&#039;m worried about having a stroke, more clots etc (thanks to all the scary commercials on TV) so now I&#039;m stressed about being &#039;off&#039; Xeralto. I didn&#039;t have any side effects that I am aware of while on Xeralto luckily. Doctor told me stay active (I sit 8 hours a day at work connected to a computer and phone) so I am sure this is why I got the clots to start with. I move my legs around under my desk and stand up for a few minutes every hour or two when I can. Will see what happens from here."
"Okay I haven&#039;t been on this pill very long, but my doctor prescribed it to me for heavy bleeding and intense cramps. He told me to skip the brown pills and start a new pack instead. Doing that I wasn&#039;t supposed to have a period at all. Well that isn&#039;t the case at all. The last two days have been pure hell with cramps. (worse than before) And I&#039;m bleeding heavier than usual ( I didn&#039;t think it was possible). Not to mention the migranes are unreal."
"I&#039;ve been on escitalopram for almost two years. I started at 10mg and it didn&#039;t work to well. I recently went up to 20mg because I felt anxious about every little thing like before I started. Now, I feel awesome! I&#039;m happy at my job. I&#039;m more social at school. I always look on the bright side. It&#039;s really cool. And, it&#039;s not like an unnatural &quot;high&quot; or feeling. It&#039;s just like being myself but in a general good mood most of the time. Side effect is sexual, but I don&#039;t believe in pre-marital sex anyway. It goes away after I stop taking it. But, I find myself not thinking about sexual things so much. It&#039;s a definite plus! Keeps me on the right path."
"I had my doctor write an prescription for this when the aloe and Biafine they recommended just wasn&#039;t doing the trick.  I was in fairly bad shape after 2.5 weeks of treatment. By the end of the fourth week, 1.5 weeks on Radiaplexrx, I was better than at the end of the 2nd week. Now I&#039;m in my 5th week and it is starting to get bad again, BUT I believe the gel has slowed down the process.  I wish I had used it from the beginning."
"I&#039;ve been on Lamictal for 7 years for severe depression - love it. I do better, it helps control the suicidality and anger and helped me keep a job when I am well enough to work. Word of caution: DO NOT TAKE ESTROGEN CONTAINING BIRTH CONTROL WITH THIS MEDICINE. It lowers the amount of Lamictal in your blood by half, so you go through withdrawals, then on the fourth week of the month you are toxic. So take the medicine if it helps, but beware of mixing it with birth control pills."
"My doctor gave me a couple of these to try out before I filled a script for them (for shoulder and lower back pain). I cut them up because they are HUGE. Put &frac12; on my back and &frac12; on my shoulder the first night. I hadn&#039;t slept more than a couple of hours a night for the last week because of my back (that&#039;s with oxymorphone and oxycodone) and WOW, slept like a baby! Took my back pain from an 8 to a 3. I didn&#039;t even notice the patch was there. 

Now for my shoulder though, these things aren&#039;t very sticky and so the movement makes them come off in just a couple minutes. I taped it down, but it&#039;s kinda bubbling in the middle and I&#039;m having a hard time keeping it in contact with my skin unless I&#039;m holding my arm just so."
"So far, so good."
"I&#039;m 18 years old to anyone who wants a teenagers perspective. I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 months now &amp; I really like it. The first week of taking this pill I was a little nauseous. I have really bad chronic depression &amp; extreme anxiety &amp; this contraceptive doesn&#039;t effect my moods whatsoever. I did gain a little bit of weight but I have always been really small so weight gain didn&#039;t bother me. I&#039;ve noticed a big increase in appetite. My acne has gone unphased. I&#039;ve read that a lot of people have lost their sex drive while on this birth-control, but it is the exact opposite for me. Unfortunately I&#039;ve noticed some vaginal dryness during sex which is terrible. But it&#039;s lessened my periods to two days each month. I strongly recommend!"
"Started sertraline at 25mg and have slowly increased to 200mg daily over a period of 9 months. My depression is totally gone, but have continued to battle general anxiety and a little social anxiety.  Just increased to 200 mg this week and have my fingers crossed!  I also take 1 mg Klonopin daily. I&#039;m a 55 year old female and as I look back over my life, I can see that I&#039;ve always had anxiety issues. Zoloft has been a tremendous help for me!"
"This medication has made my acne severely worse. I have also been experiencing burning sensations during intercourse after beginning this medication. I am not aware if this is the cause, but my doctor has tested for EVERYTHING else so we are considering this may be the issue."
"I have been taking this for 3 months now. 
Cons: I have always worked out 5-6 days a week and still have gained about 8-10lbs since starting this pill.  Has caused bloating, loss of sex drive, and quite often nausea.  
Pros:  Skin looks a little better, periods are regulated, and cramps are exceedingly less.  But to be honest many of those weren&#039;t really much of an issue  before, the only one was the cramps and that I just had to make sure to have some Advil or something on hand.  So... in the end not a huge fan of this."
"I LOVE this product. I just started using it yesterday and it already stopped my sweating. I can raise my hand, stretch, and participate in gym activities. The only bad part about this is the stinging. I did shave that morning, and I applied it at around 8:00pm. It felt like someone was pricking me with a needle for about 20-30 minutes, but it definitely subsided after that and I was able to sleep, shower,
 and apply deoderant. It is SO worth some sting to stop the sweat and not have deoderant caked on my shirts."
"I took reclipsen for almost 3 weeks and couldn&#039;t even finish out the month. After the first few days I had pretty bad nausea, so I started taking it at night, that helped. But that&#039;s when the headaches started. All within the first two weeks my appetite went crazy (I am typically a very healthy eater) I&#039;ve even gained a few pounds, I go to the gym about 4 times a week. I typically have very clear skin but I started breaking out all over. (Not just on my face) 
I&#039;ve had anxiety pretty bad and sometimes I want to cry for no reason! 
My last straw, two days ago I got my first migraine since I was a kid. I have switched to Minastrin 24 fe and I am really hoping it works better for me. I know everyone&#039;s body reacts differently!"
"Part 2) Still frustrated by toenail fungus, in June 2017, I asked a foot doctor to prescribe generic Lamisil. Less than a week after I started taking it, I started getting fevers &amp; chills, my urine turned dark, I had a loss of appetite, trouble sleeping and felt itchy all over. I felt terrible but hoped I could get through it by taking Advil for the fevers/chills and Benydryl for the itching. Then I got a rash on my upper body again. None of the other side effects were going away. I discontinued use. Lab work showed my liver count was high. After a few days off Terbinafine all negative side effects have stopped. I will go back for lab work again next week and expect it to show my liver function to be normal.  Use caution with this drug!"
"Taking Sonata was like taking a placebo.  No matter when I took it - 5 minutes before bedtime, 1 hour, 2 hours, I would lie awake for hours!  I even tried doubling up with no change.  Once I did fall asleep I would wake up 2 hours later, then 2 hours after that - never getting a restful nights sleep."
"This product didn&#039;t work.  Felt a little bump in the morning, applied Abreva throughout the day.  My blister is full blown.  This product is garbage."
"I found out about 3 years ago that I had systemic lupus,and it hit me like a brick wall. Besides my joints and muscles hurting, my immune system attacked my blood vessels causing my blood pressure to be uncontrollably high. The Avinza helped bring the blood pressure down as a natural side effect, and has help to manage the pain in the rest of my body. I am currently taking 120 mgs slow release daily, but still have some pain. I would not have been able to function without the morphine. Aside from the pain in general, my blood pressure was never out of the &quot;stroke and heart attack&quot; zone with regular hypertension drugs. The worse side effects are nausea and constipation."
"Zantac has been very good at keeping my heartburn/reflux under control. "
"On the recommendation of a friend I started taking Phentermine 37.5. Went to the MD on 3/30/15. I didn&#039;t want to wait to start next day so I took my first pill in the car at noon on the 30th. Starting weight 284.5lbs. Literally hunger vanished, no cravings. Woke up next day, lost 1.5 lbs. Today, 4/1, I am down 3.2 lbs and haven&#039;t even taken my 3rd pill yet. I&#039;m going to go to the gym today to see if that boosts the effect. I&#039;m eating very lightly. Trying to stay below 1200 Cals a day. This pill really helps with not making poor decisions. The doctor recommended drinking gulps of water between each biteful of food. And to unlearn the bad habit of eating til I&#039;m full or cleaning the plate. He recommended using a bread plate as my guide."
"Everyone is saying they bleed way too much with this birth control, I have had one period in the past three months, I almost thought I was pregnant because of how moody and sick I was getting. I did experience weight gain, a panic attack, and suicidal thoughts. I still have the implant, because it does its job well. I feel pain in the injection site almost constantly. I can feel the device under my skin and it&#039;s weird as hell. But at least I&#039;m not pregnant."
"I like this. It&#039;s the only thing that&#039;s ever worked for me."
"I just had my third seizure and I was switched from Topamax to Keppra. I find that this medicine makes me hyper and then extremely tired. I am 18 years of age and I experience the depression side effect and almost all of the side effects. Really wanting to find a right balance."
"Skyla insertion is brutal. I have a pretty good pain tolerance. I have had several plastic surgeries, tattoo removal, broken bones, getting your cervix stretched is worse. I took a Percocet prior to arrival &amp; I was feeling confident that the reviews I read online were an exaggeration. I could take the pain.
 When she put the sound in my uterus to measure the depth I screamed out loud, I was shocked at how badly it hurt. The good thing is it was over in a few seconds. Next is putting the appliance in, I would have jumped off the table if she wouldn&#039;t have had such a quick change of hand. I may have screamed again, I do not recall. I could barely drive 10 min home, when I got home I broke out in sweats and was rolling on the floor in pain."
"I take Motrin for my headaches and it works within 30 minutes. I have no side affects. I have tried Aleve, Advil, Tylenol and some prescription drugs for headaches. None have helped me like Motrin does."
"I really think this is a wonderful drug for depression if you don&#039;t have any severe side effects.  I, unfortunately, am experiencing a lot of jaw, face and eye pain.  I went to 5 doctors about it before my psychologist said it was the anti-depressant.  He gave me Klonopin, which made me moody, depressed and extremely self-conscious (not to mention sleepy).  I&#039;ve also had 3 anxiety attacks since taking the Klonopin.  So, I am weening myself off of both and am going back to the doctor in a week.  "
"I&#039;ve only been on Seasonique for 8 days.  I started having a dizzy feeling last week.  Everyday it has been progressively worse until 3 days ago when it started affecting my balance.  I have been on Seasonale for over a year but a mistake was made when my prescription was refilled and I ended up on Seasonique.  I haven&#039;t had any breakthrough bleeding or any other problems but the dizziness is preventing me from having a normal life.  I&#039;m switching back."
"I have tried everything, from home remedies to over the counter cold sore treatments. Well, my doctor prescribed Zovirax and since then I have been nothing but thankful. The first sign, apply the ointment. It wont make the cold sore go away immediately but by the 2nd day its dried up and within 4 days its gone. I love Zovirax."
"Yaz has been a complete lifesaver. I used to suffer with heavy bleeding and cramps that had me bedridden. I&#039;ve been on Yaz since 16 and I don&#039;t regret it at all. I have absolutely no side effects and there is no complications with my health either. If you&#039;re a first timer - Yaz is the way to go."
"I have tried several pain medications over the years for chronic abdominal pain. I&#039;ve had multiple surgeries which caused nerve damage and scar tissue in my abdomen. The most recent medicines I tried were Opana ER 30mg 2x&#039;s daily and Percocet 10mg 3x&#039;s daily for breakthrough pain. My doctor prescribed Methadone 5mg 3x&#039;s daily just to try something different. I was still having breakthrough pain, so he added Nucynta 50mg 4 times daily for that. I have to admit, I was a skeptic. I am now a believer! This medication has worked wonders for me! I have been taking it for just over one month now, and aside from the sleepy feeling, there really have been no other side effects for me. I have energy that I never thought I could have again. I love this medicine."
"I got my first UTI 5 days ago but thought it was just a yeast infection. So I used yeast infection medicine until my lower abdomin hurt so bad and it was impossible to urinate, even though I had the constant urge to go. I was miserable. Went to ER Sunday evening around 6 and was sent home with Bactrim DS and Pyridium. Within hours I could urinate better and within 12 hours I had no abdominal pain and could urinate just fine and completely empty my bladder. And that was after just 1 dose. I&#039;m so grateful for this antibiotic and think it&#039;s wonderful. I did get a slight headache but it was definately worth it."
"I&#039;m on Yaz for 18 days now. I struggled with a sudden constant acne breakout on my chin (hormones). Doctor prescribed Yaz, especially to help with the acne. I am very happy with how the pill improved my skin. I&#039;ve noticed I can&#039;t drink the pill on a empty stomach (otherwise I am really nauseous). The only side effect I experience is the constant swelling of breasts. Some days it&#039;s very sensitive other days not. Yaz workers differently for every person."
"I was using Tri-Previfem for 2 1/2 years (absolutely loved), but last June when we moved my new pharmacy changed my brand to Tri-Sprintec. Low and behold, four months into the new pill, I got pregnant. My youngest is 6 and my oldest is 10. Never had an issue with birth control before. I&#039;m very upset with this brand and I don&#039;t recommend it."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for quite a while now, and it&#039;s made me very depressed. Especially when I&#039;m alone and not doing anything I feel very sad and depressed. And every other month or so I&#039;m bleeding abnormally. Though I don&#039;t have a period every month, I shouldn&#039;t be bleeding all the time."
"I never thought I could have done better than how I was before. I am doing better at sports, behavior wise, and paying attention in class."
"Zyprexa brought me out of a severe depression within a day or two. It has also been fairly helpful with anxiety/panic attacks. Unfortunately, I have gained over 40lbs and never feel full. It has also increased my cholesterol and fasting blood sugars. I&#039;ve also noticed I don&#039;t have much energy or drive. Due to the metabolic issues my doctor wants me to try latuda."
"I took it like I was supposed to for anxiety and panic disorder. it did nothing absolutely nothing. I&#039;m in worse shape now than I ever was. doctors please get a grip you can&#039;t treat us for just anything it&#039;s like trying to treat athletes feet with dandruff shampoo .We are people we know that you&#039;re not supposed to get attached to it.  the medicine sucks doesn&#039;t help sleep doesn&#039;t help panic disorder doesn&#039;t help insomnia doesn&#039;t help anxiety. I&#039;m not sneezing -  I didn&#039;t go in for an antihistamine.  Do you think that Google won&#039;t tell us everything. It didn&#039;t take long to figure out I mean nothing. write a  proper prescription"
"Does not work for people sensitive to caffeine. I was jittery and nervous and queasy after using a single dose. "
"I was tested poz on Oct. 04, 2015. My CD4 was only 124, 12%, and viral load 161,000, I had Shingles in my right ear, technically, I had AIDS. I started Striblid on Oct. 14th. Just after 4 weeks, on Nov. 12th, my CD4 increase to 171, 16%, the most amazing thing is my viral load became undetectable, OMG. This is such an effective medicine. Just 4 weeks I am undetectable. The only side effect I have is nausea but most on the first 2 weeks. Thank Gilead for this medication."
"I had the Paraguard put in by my Midwife, who recommended I take 3 Motrin beforehand. It was excruciating and didn&#039;t let up. It felt like a knife was inside my cervix, and the pain made me nauseous, dizzy, shaky, and see stars. I felt like I was going to pass out that night. The next day when I called, they ordered an emergency ultrasound. My body was trying to push the IUD out and it &quot;migrated&quot; so that instead of the top of the T laying horizontal and flat, one side was poking into me. They removed it immediately and the removal was also painful, but I had relief from the stabbing pain right away. She looked at the device and it had even bent (in 24 hours). I would not recommend this device."
"I have had a great experience with Klonopin. It has really saved my life. I tried Buspar and other SSRIs to help with my Anxiety but they never really took care of it. I was in a really bad funk about 6 months ago and the anxiety just kept building up. I went to my psych doc and she prescribed me Klonopin as needed at about 0.5mg a day. It makes me feel good through most days but with increased stress at work I feel I have to take a little more. I say, if it works take it. 10 out of 10 for me. It has given me back my life."
"So far I&#039;ve been on this bc for about two weeks and I can tell you I&#039;ve actually seen my acne looking way better, and no bloating whatsoever. Many reviews were negative but just letting you guys know don&#039;t listen to them all! Everyone&#039;s body responds differently to medication. No pregnancy which is awesome. Only down fall I&#039;ve noticed is I&#039;m tired a lot. I recommend this pill to anyone this being their first bc, it&#039;s mine and I&#039;m 18 and it&#039;s great."
"I have suffered with migraines for over 40 years.  I have even gone so far as having my ovaries removed to help with them.  Although it helped I am still on daily medication and I still have approximately 6 migraines a month.  I take zomig nasal spray when I get these annoyances. I classify them as annoyances because once I use the nasal spray the migraine will be 90-95% better in 15 minutes and completely gone in an hour.  The only side effects I have had is my skin becomes very sensitive...almost as if I have bruises all over my body just under my skin, I am also tired.  A 30-45 minute nap cures the tiredness."
"Otezla  gave me a lung infection.  For thee weeks I coughed up blood. It took two rounds of hi-powered antibiotics to get over it."
"This medication made me seriously ill.  I was prescribed it following an animal bite that resulted in infection.  I took the first dose and two hours later I was stricken with violent projectile vomiting that caused me to lose control of my bladder and bowels.  I reported this to my doctor who was sure it wasn&#039;t the medication and advised that I try taking 1/2 the dose.  The second dose also cause side effects, and I had to go to urgent care with an iv. After 5 hours in urgent care and three bags of fluid and antibiotics with anti-nausea medicines I finally went home.  I&#039;ve never vomited so violently ever."
"I&#039;ve been taking the generic version of this drug for about 4 months. Gradually, I&#039;ve been feeling more and more depressed and hopeless. I have no history of depression or any emotional issues, and just yesterday I couldn&#039;t get myself off the floor to leave the house. I&#039;ve also gained weight, have an increase in body hair, and my sex drive is completely gone. I&#039;m 28, far from puberty or menopause. The only good thing about the pill is my period are extremely light, sometimes it doesn&#039;t even come at all. I am switching immediately to a lower hormone pill because the depression is now interfering with my life and relationships and I know it&#039;s not normal. I am a student and my insurance completely covers it."
"I was terrified of starting birth control due to the horror stories I had heard from other women in the past. I am a small person, and due to this, I had very irregular periods. I would suffer from premenstrual syndrome for weeks on end before my period would actually start. Most times, I would have to take a Progestin supplement to actually get my period. This started happening more and more often and started really affecting my life. I spoke to my doctor and she put me on Cryselle. This has changed my life. It&#039;s been 3 and 1/2 months and I have had no side effects, no weight gain and my period is regular/short every month. It&#039;s given me the positive change I needed so badly!"
"I have been using 3MG Silenor for a week now.  First thing I noticed were dreams have seemed more vivid.  The other was wakening early (4:00 - 5:00) and getting up for the bathroom and then attempting to go back to sleep.  I have thought that I stayed awake but the next time I looked at the clock it was 7:00 or later.  I am now getting 8 hours or even more sleep some days.  When I awake I want a cup of coffee right away.  As soon as I have it I feel good and that continues for the rest of the day.  I never took the other sleep medicines as I have a sleep maintenance problem only.   This is a great medicine and I would highly recommend it.  I am a 64 year old male who is in good health otherwise."
"My doctor RX Bup in a tablet form for pain. RX 8mg but that&#039;s way to strong. Hard to break in fours. Anyone else take in tablet form and if so any side effects? I seem to have some body itch?"
"I went on Implanon after being on birth control pills for 4 1/2 years.  The first two months were horrible for me - I had a really heavy period for 1 1/2 weeks (normally, my periods are light and 3-4 days).  I was moody and I gained about 4 pounds even though I did not change my eating habits.  I got  a second period about two months after I had it put it, which was a little heavier than normal but only lasted 5 days.  Since then, all side effects have disappeared, I lost the 4 pounds I gained (without changing my eating havits) and I&#039;m completely satisfied with my Implanon implant.  I have not had my period since the one I had two months after insertion, which is a bonus. I have had the implant in for about six months."
"Wellbutrin SR 150s, which initially had positive outcomes on my depression, probably the best I&#039;ve tried, and I&#039;ve tried a lot the past years. It took a bit to get the optimal dose. At 300 mg it was causing a cascade of side effects, anxiety, palpitations, sweating. Doc helped me back down to 100 mg with no side effects. The depression is just as gone as the initial 300 mg. 

Wellbutrin also developed a positive outcome in mere days - a major plus."
"I finished the treatment and I did quit smoking. I smoked for 32 years ,1 and a half to 2 packs a day however you have wild dreams and stomach pain. Even a couple of time when I took it after I woke up, I had dry heaves, but it does what it says."
"This medicine is amazing. After suffering from pretty bad acne and trying every topical product out there (benzoyl peroxide, salicylic acid, tea tree oil, sulfur masks, etc.), I had pretty much given up all hope of clear skin. I started Ziana and saw no immediate results, but kept applying every night. A month later, my acne was significantly reduced. Two months later... I only have two small pimples that are in the stage of drying up. I highly recommend Ziana; it seems to be gentle on the skin. Keep with it! The results are amazing. I&#039;m so much more confident. Good luck! P.S. I used in combination with doxycycline, which seems to significantly improve results."
"Killed my stomach. Never had problems before taking this and I took Aleve with food."
"My issue was eating after dinner. I am so busy at work that I often skip lunch, get home famished have big dinner and keep eating before bed. This has eliminated my cravings and looks like it works."
"Started with Wellbutrin 300mg - I was way to agitated -- went to Cymbalta - loved it except for the lack of ability in the sack. Went to Celexa - worked okay stayed on it for 3 months but never felt anything. So during the 3 months doctor added Wellbutrin - does not help. Celexa made me feel - no sorry it didn&#039;t make me feel anything but overall in some ways I kind of liked not feeling but that is not life. So the doctor changed to Pristiq -- WOW I feel alive, energetic, really great. I hope this continues. Oh yea .. no lack in the sack on this one. My real message here is that I hope each of you continues to work with you doctor and find the right medicine."
"I have been taking Lexapro for years with fairly good results and low side effects, usually between 10 to 15mg, I am a 44 y/o woman, mother and wife of middle school children, my anxiety/depression has gotten worse and I was recently diagnosed with OCD. I tried to increase to 20mg  but after 4 weeks felt lousy tired a lot, poor sleep,  gaining some weight, not much. I&#039;m going back to 15mg,  does anyone really think there is a difference between the 2 doses. I just want to feel happy again."
"I was prescribed 30 mg Oxazepam daily (as needed) for anxiety and insomnia a couple weeks after I quit drinking alcohol.  It worked wonders for me for both of those problems, no &quot;drug hangover&quot; when I take it for sleep - it lets me sleep rather than makes me sleep, and slows my thoughts down enough when I am anxious or paniky so that I can function. I am also certain that this medicine helped me to stick to my decision to become a non-drinker.  Have been taking it for over a year, and have not felt the need for increased dosage. Only problem I have with Oxazepam is the cost."
"Lithium was hard for me to take at first. If I did not eat enough with the medicine I would vomit. The medicine works for me but I do not like the fact that I have gained weight and it causes acne. I have done everything I can to have clear skin but it does not matter what I do. Lithium is cheap and effective but like I said I don&#039;t like the side effects. I am going to try Tegretol when I go back to the Doctor."
"I love ESGIC for headaches.  When I feel one coming on I can take one pill and it will wipe it out before it gets full blown. I only take it when necessary.  A prescription of 30 will last me usually a year sometimes less, sometimes more.  I hate the fact that they are going to take it off the market!"
"I was on Yaz for 2 months and started to become anxious, paranoid, and depreesed. I asked my doc to get off it and she told me to give it more time. I got off it, nevertheless, because I did not need it. My life improved dramatically over the next 6 months.  I started dating again, so I decided to give the pill another shot. I started to be anxious and insecure immediately.  I started believing and accusing the person I was seeing of not being into me and got upset at him over the littlest things. A week before my period I went into full anxious and depression mode. It felt like the world was ending. I also experienced severe cramps, migraines, and bled for 2 weeks. I am now off this drug for 2 days and noticed an immediate difference."
"I took paroxetine (Paxil) for 2 months.  It took a while to feel any effect from it. It did help regulate my moods a little bit, but after a month and a half it started giving me stomach pains and feelings of hopelessness and suicide.  I am still experiencing the effects of not taking it anymore. It&#039;s been about a week since I quit.  I was going to taper the dosage but it just made me too sick.  I am sure this medicine is great for others but my body just did not agree with it."
"I was diagnosed with ADD at the end of grade 6 and started taking concerta in grade 7. I had no idea I had ADD and just though everyone was like me. I had no enthusiasm anything with school but after I took concerta I was like ADHD. So much hyperness and wanting to work. After raising the dose to 36mg I started to get very anxious about my heart feeling like it was beating too fast and was having like a panic attack or something so then I dropped back down to 27mg. The side affects I have is weight loss/loss of appitite, heart palpitations, sleep paraylisis, feelings of excitement. It works for me but I hate the side affects. I also lost 5lbs in one week when I first started and 20lbs in 2 years."
"Made me itch to no end, itch all night itch all day. Lots of dry mouth, it did relieve pain and I liked the pain relief. As we all know they do not stay on for 3 days, after about 50 some hours it stop relieving pain."
"Took 5mg. Dizziness after I initially started taking, that vanished but occasionally cropped up once in a while. Felt pretty good. Happier. Thoughts that I would normally worry about still came to me, but I was able to think about them and dismiss them, not obsess over them ALL day. Some months later though I began becoming extremely emotional. I cried all the time, became so depressed getting dressed and brushing my teeth was a huge struggle; was paranoid, wanted to hurt myself, had crazy thoughts. I would sob at the drop of a hat, which ISN&#039;T like me at all. Took months of confusion, emptiness, anger, and loneliness to figure out it was the Buspar. Loved it in the beginning, but unfortunately it was not for me!"
"I&#039;ve had my Mirena placed back in January of 2011 after I had my son. My insertion wasn&#039;t bad, but it wasn&#039;t terrible either. I didn&#039;t have any ill side effects like so many experiences on here. I had normal cycles up until 2013 when my cycle stopped. The only thing I didn&#039;t like was it was uncomfortable intimately. It literally left me bent over after intercourse with spotting. I&#039;m scheduled to have mine removed Jan 20 2016. It&#039;s been a great form of bc for me outside of intercourse. I&#039;m not planning on getting another one placed unless I decide I&#039;ve had enough of the shot."
"I have been on Aviane for almost 3 weeks. My breasts are swollen and very tender (that began about a week and a half after I started Aviane). I am extremely tired most of the time, even though I am getting sleep. I&#039;m always hungry, have already put on a few pounds. I feel like I&#039;m more short tempered and moodier too. "
"I was diagnosed with ADHD unexpectedly when I started going to a counseling center a couple months ago, after I got in trouble for bringing marijuana to school. I was also diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety. I am 15 and this all came as one big unexpected shock to me. I felt useless and pathetic knowing this. I was put on medication for all of the mental disorders, including Adderall. I have always been a good student, but now I am actually able to focus in school and now, I&#039;m excited about going to classes and doing homework. I actually feel like I&#039;m worth something for once."
"I have been getting cold sores since I was in the 6th grade. Unfortunately I am a special case, I have NEVER had one on my lip! They always appear either on my chin or my nose. Its awful, especially on the nose. I am giving this a 7 due to the fact its no longer reducing the size of my breakouts anymore even with the topical cream. It only seems to reduce the healing period. Which isn&#039;t that great when I get one on my nose (yes you guessed it, its the tip) and I end up looking like a clown. I even got three breakouts in just this past March! Its definitely not working like it used to and I am only 19 so I am now fearful for the years to come. I&#039;m hoping it was just a little expired and will be going back to the doctor for a refill."
"I really don&#039;t know how to rate this medication.  I only took it for about 3 weeks at 50mg per day.  It really helped with depression and with anxiety.  I have both depression &amp; panic disorder.  But, I started getting what I thought was acne everywhere.  Now, I think it is some sort of allergic reaction because it is getting worse and I am very itchy &amp; my skin feels hot to touch.  I&#039;m not sure.  So I stopped taking it 6 days ago.  I am extremely depressed now and the hives are getting worse each day and I am exhausted.  I can hardly get up in the mornings.  But the hives are just awful.  I keep waiting for them to go away now.  I am so itchy and very tired.  The red bumps are all over my face, neck, and torso."
"I got this a little over a year ago. Since I have had the implant I have had 2 or more periods a month. Before I used to have one short period. I have also had extreme anxiety issues. I seem to have an anxiety attack over the littlest things. I throw up more than half of what I eat and I get sick at least once a month. I wouldn&#039;t say not to try it because it may work for you. It definitely did not work for me."
"I used Yaz for over a year and started having break through bleeding so my doctor decided to try me on Loestrin 24Fe.  I&#039;m on month three.  The first month my sex drive went up 200%.  My period lasted 2 1/2 days - one day heavy.  I was having 5 days with 2 of those being very heavy.  I couldn&#039;t believe it.  The second month my sex drive went back to normal but my period lasted only 2 days again with lots of cramping but only spotting.  I&#039;m hoping month three will be more normal.  The doctor said it would make my period last only a day which is awesome but like someone else wrote, it would be nice to have an actual period so I wouldn&#039;t think I was pregnant.  I never gained weight on Yaz and I&#039;ve gained a few pounds with this pill."
"I started Chantix 2 and a half weeks ago and so far so good! During the first week I went from a half a pack a day down to 3-5 cigarettes a day and easily quit by my quit day. Since then, I have been around smokers quite frequently and have not had even the temptation to smoke. My only problem is extreme nausea about 20 minutes after taking a dose which lasts for a few hours. I did find that taking it with milk really helps keep it to a minimum and in some cases didnt have nausea at all. Good luck to others on their journey!!"
"Before I took Metformin I had a unpredictable and agonizingly painful cycle, had a bad odor, and was growing facial hair. I was also diagnosed with borderline diabetes. The change between then and now is amazing. My cycle is regular and normal, I don&#039;t smell bad constantly, and my face is clean and smooth. The Metformin also controls the diabetic aspect, so I only have to take one medication for two diseases. My biggest side-effect is the diarrhea and stomach upset, which is compounded by my Irritable Bowel Syndrome. This is easy to fix by eating a meal before taking Metformin. Despite the gastrointestinal issues, this medicine has changed my life for the better."
"Have used it for about 9 months. No problems or side effects that I can point directly to the metformin. I take 500mg once a day. Sugar levels are controlled and within my doctor&#039;s recommended range. Lost a few pounds when I started, then no more weight loss that I can say from the medicine."
"Be careful, the emergency Dr prescribed to my brother 100mg every 4 hours and it almost killed him"
"Out of desperation I tried this medication - not really believing that it would work.  Much to my amazement it did work.  I have, by the grace of God, lost 60 pounds and am able to wear my old clothes.  I feel great and am healthier than I ever. My cholesterol level and blood pressure are under control and I have gone from wearing a size 14 to a size 4!  "
"I smoked for 50 years and was up to 2 packs a day. I loved my smokes, never thought I could quit, never even tried before. I started Chantix knowing that nothing would work on me. I took the pills on a regular bases without ever setting a quitting date. About 8 months later I smoked my last cigarette and that was about 8 month ago. Chantix is the best thing that ever happened to me and I highly recommend it. Some people seem to have horrible side effects. Good luck to all of you still on the fence and congrats to all of you who smoked their last cigarette. (After just a couple of days or weeks? How lucky...., but never mind, I got there at last)."
"Shuts off my appetite - I actually have to remind myself to eat - which is a great thing because now instead of grabbing food to satisfy my seemingly insatiable appetite, I am making healthy choices.  Been on Qsymia since July 14, 2016 and have already lost 16 pounds."
"I went back on birth control hoping to alleviate some of my acne (I&#039;m 26) and the first month of being on Trinessa was terrible &ndash; headaches, nausea, heartburn &ndash; and now that I&#039;m nearing the end of the second month I&#039;m experiencing weight gain all over &ndash; I can&#039;t fit into my bras, my waist is thicker, etc. and the acne is still present, although slightly better. I&#039;m calling my doctor to see about switching brands."
"This is the worst tasting prep I have EVER prepped with. It taste like grape kool-aide and salt water. My stomach is distended and cramping. This is my third or fourth colonoscopy. This so far feels and taste the worst. Not sure how well prep works, I&#039;ve only done the first half. At this point I don&#039;t care as long as I get some relief from the bloating Soon!!!"
"I just started Qsymia on 2/20/14 it has only been 4 days and I have dropped 5 pounds. The only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is insomnia. I am happy in knowing that the more weight I lose the longer I will be on this earth for my family."
"Does not work for me at all. Also caused diarrhea and sore throat."
"I have had a horrible experience.  It takes several hours to work, and even then, it works only for a short time.  The biggest problem is that it affects one when one is awake.  It stays in your system for hours, after you wake up, wreaking havoc, and giving you a brain fog.  Most horrible medicine.  I don&#039;t advise it for anyone.  No positive effects.  Awful side effects."
"This tablet  deserves a zero! GENTLE ?!  In what world was what I just experienced on the toilet GENTLE?! Cold Sweat, uncontrollable burping, stomach cramps,  vomiting and of  course the liquid coming out the back of me... FOR AN HOUR! It was truly worse than labor and I wanted to die! Do not buy this! Just don&#039;t! WALK AWAY!"
"It is hard for me to rate this. I have Psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. I have been taking Otezla for 9 months now. Within weeks my severe psoriasis had cleared. However, my arthritis is worse.  At first, it seemed to stop the swelling a little. I have to say it was about 5 months before all the swelling and severe pain came back. While the pain was never completely gone, it was never this bad. Not even before Otezla. My muscles in the back of my legs hurt, and on  the bottom of my right foot. I am having trouble walking. I also take hydrocodone for pain. I was taking the hydrocodone for two years and was hoping to get off with Otezla. Not going to happen. Has anybody had dental problems. I have had 3 teeth crack in the past 6 months."
"I started Meridia 3 weeks ago and already lost 15lbs. Diet and exercise is a must. I feel happier and have a lot more energy."
"I&#039;ve completed a 12 week course of Harvoni successfully at the end of 2016. The pills have worked a treat for me and I only had a slight upset stomach for the first 2 days, after that I was feeling very tired and would run out of energy in the early afternoons at work. A side effect that seems common, but is not mentioned however, is WEIGHT GAIN !!! I didn&#039;t change my diet but have somehow managed to gain a solid 10kgs !!! I still haven&#039;t worked out a way to lose the weight, it almost seems as if my metabolism has changed altogether - has anyone else experienced this? I&#039;m fit and active, run half marathons, but the weight is sticking to me like the plague. Though in saying all that, thank goodness for Harvoni - it saves lives!!!"
"works very well to treat dry eyes. The out of pocket (and list-) price for 5 ml, 0.5% is outrageous $95/240. In Canada you get a list price for that same medicine (Lotemax 0.5%) of $ 109 for 15 ml (1/6 th)! Who&#039;s pocketing the difference?"
"I just want to say that this med has gave me my life back. I have read some of the other reviews and if you having trouble with side effects from this pill please try a different pill made from a different manufacturer. All of them are different. I hated the Mylan (122) brand.  It gave me a headache, couldn&#039;t sleep and couldn&#039;t focus. I switched to one made by teva and it has been great. No side effects at all."
"I started taking Chantix in March of 2009 and took it for 4 months. I didn&#039;t want to stop taking it because it worked for me on so many different levels. While on Chantix, I lost 15 lbs, quit smoking, started excesrising, quit drinking wine and had awesome dreams! I am happy to report I am still smoke free after 10 months. However, after stopping the medication I gained weight again and my dreams weren&#039;t as cool. Watch out for the first six months of hell! After that though I became normal. I have to say, Chantix is the best thing that ever happened to me."
"Love this medicine. I had great success of weight loss with this medicine. I seem to be of the minority who has an insurance that covers most of the cost, approximately $35 for one month. Side effects: insomnia and severe dry mouth, I made sure to carry gum. I have been on the medicines twice one year apart, lost 22 lbs the last round and it was such a great feeling. It ended all cravings, even for chocolate! Unfortunately as soon as I stopped the medicines after 6 months, I gained it all back. I ended up with heart problems, not sure if the Meridia was to blame, (I have a history of cardiac issues). I am to blame, I stopped exercising and all my cravings came back. I loved the results so much, I want another shot despite side effects."
"I was diagnosed with proctitis (only in the first 7 inches of the rectum) and had pain on and off every 4-5 months for 10 years until I got medicated for it.  Canasa is great if you use it when symtoms arise and keep using it 5-10 days after symptom finishes. Remission for me is still 3-4 months but for now Canasa relieves the pain and inflammation."
"Imitrex makes me more nauseous than I am with just the headache. My neck and shoulders get very stiff and it takes more than an hour to feel any relief. As others have said however, if I am able to take this medicine and lie down it does wonders. Life just isn&#039;t that practical though so I can&#039;t use it anymore."
"I just finished my first month of Jolivette and have no complaints whatsoever!  I have been on several other pill forms and have had a lot of trouble with them due to breast tenderness mostly.  With Jolivette I haven&#039;t had any breast tenderness (except during my period), but we are hoping that I won&#039;t have a period anymore after taking this for a while. Easy to take, although if I miss a pill it doesn&#039;t matter as I am not using it for birth control. I did have some bleeding to start with but my OB/GYN said that is normal. "
"After years of increasing pain I finally decided to try Euflexxa. Why did I wait so long?? After first injection I had absolutely NO pain, no swelling, no adverse reactions of any kind. I&#039;ve just completed my third injection and still no pain. I now know what it is like to walk without pain. Relief!"
"I have been on Xulane for 1 year and 3 months. I love it. I have tried the pill,Nuva ring and Mirena and had terrible problems. After my miscarriage March of 2014 I knew it was time to try something new. I had got pregnant on the pill 5 years ago and pregnant with Mirena 3 years ago. The patch is amazing. I do get headaches if I&#039;m late to change or if my period goes longer but that&#039;s normal. I&#039;m pleased at how effective it is. My husband and I havnt used condoms or any backup since I got the patch over a year ago and no pregnancy! It&#039;s awesome!!!!!"
"I have been on the Ortho Evra patch for just over a month now.  When I first applied the patch, I had a very small amount of nausea, nothing worth complaining about though.  When it came time for my off week, I have never had a better period. I had a very small amount of cramping for a few hours, and that was it.  There are only 2 things I could complain about: 1) the hormones from the patch made my breasts extremely sore and sensitive, which made it hard to be active or even give hugs.  2) The patch would never stay in place.  I&#039;m a very active person, and the patch kept sliding around during exercise and regular day-to-day stuff.  This was easily solved by figuring out which recommended area moves the LEAST.  Overall great experience."
"Was taking Effexor with good results but had to change meds due to cost. Switched to Viibryd due to availability from my services provider at no cost. While maybe not quite as effective as the Effexor, I have been on the Viibryd for several years with good results and no side effects that I&#039;ve had with other anti-depressants. It has improved my quality of life very much. No depressive periods even while handling some difficult times. It&#039;s been a Godsend for me."
"I have been wearing this patch for one week now. I am on my 4th patch. They keep coming off in the shower. I am very athletic and like to shower 2X a day. This is not a sustainable product because of that alone. I have also felt zero relief with this patch on for a week. I did call the company and they replaced a full box for me"
"Holy cow..I&#039;m on the nuva ring and so far I&#039;m on my 3rd yeast infection in 5 months. The first two yeast infections monistat 7 worked perfectly fine, slight itching but not unbearable. THIS TIME MY WHOLE VAGINA IS IN BURNING HELL. First night I cried for hours in pain, no sleep that night..now I&#039;m in my second night and it&#039;s 4am. IT IS TWICE AS BAD..this caused so much itching pain...I was biting my pillow to keep myself from screaming IN PAIN. From reading these reviews there&#039;s something seriously wrong here, no one should be in crying pain from a CREAM. Right now the only thing that&#039;s helping is an ice pack in a plastic bag numbing my whole vagina...seriously is this a horrible mess of a batch..not sure.."
"I got skyla put in yesterday and completely freaked my self out reading the reviews about pain. It took maybe 4 minutes for the entire process and I would do it again in a heart beat. It&#039;s definitely painful, but it&#039;s just like havin 3 severe menstrual cramps as each step is done. I took 3 ibuprofen 45 min before my app, but Dr had to go do emergency c section so it was probably nearly worn off by the time I had the procedure done. I did get light headed and had cramping of various intensity come and go the rest of the night, but nothing I haven&#039;t felt before during a period. Ive only had mild cramping today, but I&#039;m also on my period so I believe it&#039;s just a combination of those factors. Hopefully no major side effects!"
"Whenever I got sick from season flu or cold, I always had sore throat and cough, my Doctor will usually gave me this medicine (Biaxin) and I was told this a good medicine. It worked fast to clear your strep throat (Sore throat). A few hours after taking  this medicine it made me feel better. I love Biaxin instead Amoxin or other medicines."
"I&#039;m 38, took the pill, had light cramping off and on but no period.  A very light spotting that I wouldn&#039;t even consider a period.  Now a month and 1/2 later, still no period.  I&#039;ve taken 3 pregnancy tests and all have been negative.  I&#039;m hoping I will start my period soon but if not I guess its a trip to the doctor."
"Had really bad diarrhea. "
"Helped control Anger issue but after 90 days and two increases in doseage the Depression is unchanged"
"I finished Epclusa 3 weeks ago. No virus showed in my last blood test. I had Hep C geno type 2. I am 65 years old and retired so I was able to relax in bed when needed. I did have side effects that came and went. I drank 64 Ozs. of water as advised and ate small meals several times a day. 
My side effects were fatigue and what I called &quot;going under&quot; which seemed to happen around 4 to 5 hours after the pill. It felt like a hangover not a headache. All I could do was go to bed and wait for it to pass which it did in 1 to 2 hours. At night I was totally tired.
Now I am done and I thought I&#039;d be 100% better. Well, I still have bouts of tiredness and my hair has thinned. I cannot complain. I AM CURED!!!! It was worth it and I am grateful."
"I have been using Flomax (0.4 mg 1/day) for approximately 2 weeks, with a great improvement after the 2nd pill. My problem with urination wasn&#039;t too bad to begin with - slow start, weak stream, start/stop, up 2-3 times per night -- just inconvenient. I have experienced side effects with Flomax: get very dizzy when first standing up within 3-4 hours after taking the pill (feels like I&#039;m going to pass out), so I take it at night; noticeable muscle weakness, but not severe. Also, sex is affected, weak orgasm. I tried Saw Palmetto (2,000 mg/day)--seemed to help some, but not very much."
"I&#039;ll say that this did in fact help bring me out of a combination of anxiety and depression I fell into after attempting to ease off of medications. It also helped me sleep, which was a God send after being on Effexor, but it also made me sluggish (mentally and physically) throughout the entire day. As an added side effect, I found myself unable to control myself overeating. I&#039;m a student currently on summer break, and I work out five to six times a week, both strength training and (mostly) cardio. I cut out most starchy stuff in my diet (I get my carbs almost exclusively from fruits and veggies). Despite this, I put on around ten pounds of fat that would not come off no matter what. It just makes you want to eat and eat."
"So I was able to get through day 6 of using. Monistat 7. Tonight, the cream started coming out and the crazy burning started. Had to go wash it off. I don&#039;t know what the hell is in this cream that&#039;s worse than the yeast infection itself! Never again. Going to the gyno for something else if this yeast infection doesn&#039;t go away completely with these 6 days of torture. The only reason I endured those 6 days was that I&#039;d wash the stuff off in the morning after peeing. Once that stuff started coming out, I would just shower."
"My doctor had a coupon for a FREE kit of MoviPrep, so that became my choice. It was horrible. I mixed it with water and hated the salty, &quot;lemon&quot; taste. So, I added 16 oz lemon-lime Gatorade. It didn&#039;t help. I started at 5:30 pm and it took me over an hour and a half to get through the liter. It started working 45 minutes into the process. I felt like I was peeing like a racehorse from my backside! By the end of the liter, I still did not have clear flushes, so I was worried. I started my next dose at 9:45. I mixed it with 32 oz of Blue Powerade (still horrible) instead of water. Got done drinking at 11:45. It worked great but needed the second dose to achieve clear &quot;flushes&quot;. I went to sleep at 1am, but had to get up 2x before my 5am alarm."
"Just got my Implanon replaced with the Nexplanon. So far so good with the Nexplanon, the only thing I don&#039;t like is that I&#039;m breaking out really bad."
"I&#039;ve been on OxyContin 10mg 2x daily for about a month now and I stopped it about 2 days ago. I had gotten to where I didn&#039;t have the energy to do anything, getting out of bed was a tremendous chore and I have been waking up with a headache and going to bed with a headache. This is the second day off of it and I have a little more energy than I&#039;ve had since I started it and I am hoping the headaches stop real soon. I made an appt to go back to my Dr. early to change."
"I was prescribed Jalyn for 8 months and my Doctor terminated its use at the start of the new year. I noticed very little improvement in the need to urinate approximately every two hours at night. I experienced feelings of weakness, leg cramps, and breast pain/enlargement. I also have noticed some pain in hips and joints that may or may not be related to the medication. I feel positive about the decision to discontinue its use."
"The best SSRI, beat depression, anxiety and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder."
"Seroquel has been ineffective for me at dosages below 600mg.  Even at 600mg my symptoms are decreased slightly.  I have been on lower dosages of other medications that have worked better."
"i hate this birth control. I have had it for 2 years and its been 2 crazy years dealing with the side effects. im going to remove it I made my appointment and its coming out. I wouldn&#039;t recommend it even though it does help with not getting pregnant but dealing with the side effects is the worse part. I would bleed for like 2 weeks straight and I wont for a week and the bleeding will start again. I have had breast pain, acne, etc. things that I never experienced with other birth controls. Not satisfied at all with this birth control."
"This drug did regulate my period, but it also increased my anxiety and sent me to the ER with a massive panic attack. I have always had minor generalized anxiety disorder, but never any panic attacks so severe. They did every test possible to rule out a stroke! If you take this and start to notice an increase in anxiety, I suggest you talk to your doctor."
"I used the drug for 5 days and it cleared the infection but I now feel weak, do not have a great appetite, but the vivid dreams are gone."
"I was given a 4 week titration pack to try Savella for my Fibromyalgia. I started noticing night sweats &amp; hot flashes. Then on day 19 I was working at a show &amp; had flushing, increased BP, Pulse &amp; sweats so bad that my clothing was wet. I felt like my heart was going to explode. I must have some &quot;lost moments&quot; where I didn&#039;t know what I was doing. It was pretty scary so I stopped taking them &amp; told my doctor on my followup visit."
"I&#039;ve had excessive sweating in my arm pits since middle school. I was always the girl who couldn&#039;t wear long sleeves or T-shirts. I&#039;d even sweat in tank top during winter! So horrible and so embarrassing! I am 21 now and over a year ago my doctor prescribed Drysol and it has worked miracles for me. I can wear anything I want and in any color because I don&#039;t even have one drop of sweat. I&#039;m so thankful and I hope that anyone with excessive sweating can hear about Drysol sooner than later for the same help!"
"Love it. Taken in conjunction with Yaz for extreme irritablility. I haven&#039;t thrown a printer across the room since I started taking it."
"I was prescribed this medication to treat a serious glandular infection in my neck. An allergy to penicillin made Clindamycin the most effective choice, despite the potential of fairly serious side effects. I followed the dosing instructions, making sure that I took it with something in my stomach (I ate a 1/2 portion of oatmeal porridge 30 minutes before each pill); walked around for a 1/2 hour after taking it; had either an active culture yogurt drink or 1/2 cup of plain yogurt 2 hours after each dose to help restore the bacteria in my gut. I only had minor loose bowel movements at about day 4 and had excellent results in combating the infection. "
"g2b started sovaldi with ribavirin this morning. After 1hr I had a weird taste in my mouth and uneasy stomach all day. I took my 1st dose at 6am and by about 1pm I felt 98%normal. Then 3 more ribavirin at 5 now I have upset stomach feel irritable. 89 more days hopefully the side effects taper off after a few days like I&#039;ve read they do. As long as in the end I&#039;m virus free then this is a small price to pay for prolonging my life and not having to worry about death from liver failure."
"I&#039;m a gay male and had developed a killer case of internal and external anal warts about 6 or 7 years ago.  I thought I would never again have anal sex because my butt was just so nasty. I went to the derm and she gave me Aldara to try.  It didn&#039;t really do much.  I ended up finding a wonderful proctologist who performed laser surgery on my behind.  My butt is completely like new! "
"No one likes to be on medications if possible but unfortunately most of the time, anxiety and depressions are tough. Negative thoughts, feeling uneasy almost all the time, social difficulties had affected me more than words can describe until I see the psychiatrist for help. Was prescribed Remeron along with Xanax at first but Remeron knock me off even at lowest dosage and constant migraines. Doc then switched me to Zoloft 25mg, its been a year now I&#039;m feeling myself again, laughter is back, seeing things in brighter ways, willing to be back to work life. Anxiety and depression still lingers around sometimes but much bearable. Trying to slowly cut down Xanax and back to normal life. Side effects are sexual difficulties and stomach discomfort."
"It&#039;s under my tongue right now, and it does taste terrible... This medicine has been the best at controlling the depression and hallucinations for me, and I have tried many different medicines. The side effects I have are involuntary tongue &quot;flipping,&quot; it makes me extremely sleepy. (I have to work really hard to stay awake after I take it in the morning), and sometimes I get a sore under my tongue, or my skin peels in my mouth. I&#039;ve had some really bad stomach/intestinal problems since I&#039;ve started taking it, but I&#039;m not sure if that is a coincidence or not. It&#039;s also hard to keep a pill under your tongue for ten minutes twice a day, especially if you need to say something. Better than the alternative, though."
"Chills, Diarrhea, vomiting."
"I&#039;ve used heroin for 2 years after one year it became a everyday thing I was so hooked and scared to stop using as the  withdrawals were horrible - it made me so scared not to have heroin. Being so tired of wasting money and disappointing my family I got the courage to call a Dr I found from suboxone.com..he prescribed zubsolv  After a week on zubsolv I woke up one morning feeling in such a good mood I felt like I didn&#039;t need anymore opiates in my life and have so much more goals in life now!! And I can actually see me progressing in life and having the good things it offers....DONT BE SCARED TT GET HELP JUST DO IT!"
"I started to take antivan for severe panic attacks. It did calm me down but left me extremely tired in the daytime. I was so tired that I was not able to function well at work. It was helpful at night though. Also, I was told that I could not take this medication for long term use. Eventually, I switched to Celexa and got relief that allowed me to not feel as tired."
"Ended years of misery, acid reflux, etc."
"Terrible. I felt it when I moved around no matter how many times I re-positioned it, I was in such pain. And it just doesn&#039;t sit well with me that there&#039;s some biodegradable thing inside of me. Nope, no way."
"I live in the UK and I&#039;ve had the implant in for four months. 

Prior to the implant I took progesterone to make sure I was OK with the hormone, the mood swings were terrible but they settled down after 2 months.  When they put it in they numb your arm so you can&#039;t feel anything.

For four months I haven&#039;t had any periods, no cramps, no anything! I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain and infact my skin has gotten better. I have noticed a lot of bad side effects that other people have had, but this implant has been great for me."
"I still have pain. I gained 15 kg in one year."
"Can not enjoy sex over 2 minutes, can not stay erect and can not ejaculate."
"I&#039;ve had bronchitis for several weeks now and this medicine made such a difference since I took it today. I am so grateful someone came up with this medicine.  So far very pleased with the product."
"I got the implanon inserted in June 2014, it was amazing for about 16 months.. no period and no side effects! Then out of nowhere I started getting spotting and mood swings. It&#039;s now been 6 months and I&#039;m getting a period every 2 weeks and severe mood swings, I feel like I&#039;m losing my mind. I decided to wait and see if it improved but as it&#039;s now been 6 months, I&#039;m getting it removed this week."
"I love this medicine! I was on 50mg tablets, then I was switched to 6mg shots. Sure, side effects are still there, but they are less vicious, and after 2 hours, I am fine for an afternoon. NDPH is a little different."
"I have been taking Saxenda for a complete week today. Saxenda has been a good experience for me so far. I have lost about 5lbs so far no side effect right now. I take Saxenda at night so I won&#039;t get the side effect. I will check back in a week."
"60 yrs old, girlfriend is 17 yrs younger, so I was having trouble keeping up w/her. First night (2-20mg pills) I &quot;got&quot; her 4 times! Once again the next morning! We rested 2 days, then 2 pills and same results (4&amp;1 more in the AM)! Great to be &#039;The Man&#039; again!"
"Told my doctor I was not feeling good, blood work showed ALT level not good, but no hep C to be found. Went back with more and more complaints and after 3 test 4 weeks later Hep C showed up. Two weeks later I was in a Hep C study so I did not have to pay for the medication. First 3 day&#039;s on Zepatier I was like new, so much energy, after that it went down. Muscle pain, sleepy, headache, skin problems, nerve system problems. The same I was feeling before the treatment, so at this point I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s working, maybe it&#039;s the side effects now !. I&#039;m now in day 21 and my doctor told me I should definitely feel better after 4 weeks, and maybe not !. It&#039;s stressful because you don&#039;t really have somebody to talk. Keep you posted."
"Started taking trulicity after my insurance would not pay for bydureon. I have been on it for 6 months. I would off and on get what is called diabetic fatigue. No energy have to rest.. it has become more frequent. . Now accompanied by feeling dizzy and feeling like about to pass out when exerting myself,  also racing heartbeat.  I won&#039;t be taking this anymore.  I don&#039;t want to feel like that."
"I have very bad anxiety attacks that occur at random. I take one in the morning and one at night and its helps he immensely I believe its a life saver it brings tears to my eyes. It relieved the torture of daily anxiety attacks which caused me great depression."
"I developed tinea veriscolor during a particularly hot summer about 3 years ago.  I&#039;ve been to 5 different doctors and been prescribed every pill and lotion imaginable. None of them worked! I was embarrassed to go out, I felt like everyone could see it and I was so frustrated that nothing helped. THEN, I was in urgent care for an unrelated condition and the Dr took a look at my neck while checking my ears and told me to use Selsun (selenium sulfide 1%) as a lotion.  I started using it at night a few days ago and my skin is redder, patchier and tender but I can SEE THAT IT IS WORKING! Moisturizing lotion is a necessity during the day with this treatment!"
"I have taken chromium picolinate three times in my life and each time I&#039;ve miraculous results. The last time I lost plenty of weight and since no longer needed medication for hypertension."
"Been on it for two months. Didn&#039;t notice a difference to three weeks taken it. Started sleeping through the night with vivid dreams, but my dreams are always vivid. Depression got bad, but seems to be letting up. My doctor wants me to take it in the morning, but I sleep most of the day, and feel like crap till the afternoon. Plus the restlessness during the day is miserable. On 40mg now, and going to start taking it at night. I can take it on an empty stomach with no problems. Will see what happens. Was seriously thinking of stop taken it, but reading these reviews really helped. That I wasn&#039;t the only one with some of these issues. I thank you all!! One last thing I&#039;m Bipolar ll mixed manic, and people have notice that I&#039;m calmer."
"I was reluctant to begin fluoxetine because I&#039;d had a terrible experience when my GP started me on 50mg of sertraline. Eventually I ended up going private and the psych prescribed me prozac but starting on a really low dose of 10mg for a week, then 20mg for 4 weeks and now 40mg for the last month. 

It&#039;s been great. Really cut down my intrusive thoughts to basically nothing, concentration is better, I&#039;m enjoying life again! This is also due to a good therapist but the medication has definitely helped. Main side effect was sleepiness but having suffered with insomnia on and off for years, it&#039;s been great not dreading bedtime anymore. In the first couple of weeks of a new dose, I&#039;d have a bit of brain fog but other than that, it&#039;s been great!"
"I&#039;ve been on OrthoCept for almost 4 months now and I haven&#039;t had any problems. The only side effects are tender breasts, changes in weight but not bad only when I get lazy and occasional dizziness. I think it&#039;s pretty good"
"Just finishing up my 2nd pack just got my period after being two months late. I had a little spotting Saturday no pain Sunday little more blood severe pain like never before. Monday back pain was insane and my cramps hurt so bad I ended up in the ER. Today is day 3 and my cramps a horrible as well as back pain. I read comments its just your body adjusting but man I have never had this pain before its the absolute worse!
First 2 weeks I took mine everyday at 7:30am I notice it made me so nauseous like never before so I now I take it everyday at 11:30 after I have eaten food and that really helped. I will say it did control my acne and it does make me eat a little bit more than usual however my cramps are so bad I&#039;m thinking of getting off them"
"I really recommend this product! I&#039;ve had acne on my chin for about 6 years now, with my skin still being dry &amp; sensitive, I use a really gentle cleanser then 20 minutes later I use the Duac, very sparingly! Then aqueous moisturizer 20 minutes after that. It works for me &amp; I&#039;ve seen a drastic improvement in just 2 weeks, stick in there! It made my acne worse at first, I think this is the purging process, hope this helps!"
"Very helpful"
"12 weeks on sovaldi and daklinza. After 7 weeks hcv not detectable in blood. Mild joint pain and stomach problems. Was hard to get approved and cost insurance $147,500 but I only pay $5 a month."
"UTI turned into kidney infection then into severe sepsis which is infection of the blood. 4 Days in the hospital on continuous antibiotics. Went home with Bactrim for 7 days. No side effects at all."
"I was put on Nexplanon in May of 2015. Iv had it for almost a year. Let me say I&#039;m so ready to get it taken out. Iv gained weight, I have really bad mood swings, I have bad cramps in my stomach, I have cravings, my breast enlarged big time, and it makes my arm hurt. I can&#039;t even use my arm for long time and it&#039;s killing me. I can&#039;t even bench or do push ups and my arm hurts. Sometimes it aggravates me and feels like its poking me. I&#039;ve had nothing but trouble since I&#039;ve got this thing."
"I have been on the medication for a month now and today I go Dr. To see my weight loss.I sometimes forget I have not eaten so I make myself eat and drink plenty of water sometimes I&#039;m eating 1 time per day. Also I noticed because I love fried chicken I would only eat it once a week but I can no longer eat the chicken  - it makes me sick. This pill has helped me in so many ways. I&#039;m thankful to God and the Doctor. I need to loose this weight for health issue and I&#039;m going to be a grandma so I need to be here. I will let you all know how much I lost."
"Started 15-day free trial July 1, 2014 weighing 263. Got first full-month Belviq prescription July 15 and had first post-medicine weigh-in on August 14, weighing 247. So I lost about 2.5 pounds a week for a total of 16 pounds. Enjoying feeling like a &quot;normal&quot; person who can have ice cream in the freezer and not think about eating it constantly. Since I&#039;ve lost 5% of my initial weight, I&#039;m a &quot;responder&quot; and should qualify to continue taking Belviq beyond 90 days."
"I am a 42 yr. old woman with ADHD along with Bipolar Depression also coming off 8 yrs. of taking pain medications every day ( norco&#039;s as well as Percocet&#039;s) I was getting between both 300 a month.. I&#039;ve been off the pain meds for 4 mth now so far so good.. But after the fog cleared from the pain meds all my other diagnoses come out full blast,. So I was taking a 2mg Xanax, 350mg soma, along with 300mg trazadone at night and still couldn&#039;t sleep. Thanks to my new doctor I&#039;m on 1mg Xanax along with 100mg Seroquel at night and within a hour I&#039;m asleep and I mean good sleep (no dreams getting up thru the night etc.,) so fingers crossed it stays that&#039;s way!!!"
"Love Mirena. I had it put in almost 4 years ago after my daughter was born and I have had no side effects or issues with it. I do still get my period monthly but it is super lite. We are planning on having another baby and so I am taking it out in a few months and then I will use Mirena again after that baby. Maybe I&#039;ll write again after that experience."
"I have been on this medication for 2 years, before taking it I suffered from severe panic attacks and anxiety and social anxiety. I have not had 1 major panic attack since I started taking it so that in itself is awesome. However, I have gained 25 pounds on this and cannot seem to get the weight off and when I do lose weight I can&#039;t keep it off. This has resulted in other health problems like high blood pressure. I also have trouble reaching orgasm during the day but at night I&#039;m FINE. Given how horrible and anxiety ridden I was before taking the medication, it definitely works but the side effects (like the weight gain) are driving me crazy. It also hasn&#039;t taken away my social anxiety completely, I still get nervous around people."
"With Schizoaffective Disorder, as well as the other psychiatric illnesses, years of medication adjustment and readjustment are necessary. Lamictal was recommended for me, at the same time, by both my psychiatrist and neurologist. Lamictal was added to my usual medication regimen. I feel it has been one of my &quot;miracle medications&quot;. I&#039;ve never experienced any side effects from Lamictal."
"My mother has liver cirrhosis and had no option but liver transplant. After taking Sovaldi just 24 days, virus is in undetectable range. Million Thanks to GILEAD and Sofia MICHEL, its innovator."
"I&#039;ve been on this for 4-5 years and it is my rock. It literally helps me so much, I couldn&#039;t have made it through high school without it. Honestly it&#039;s what helped me through my suicidal phases. I still get them but it&#039;s not as intense and I don&#039;t try and act on it anymore."
"Don&#039;t try it, withdrawal is horrible. 5 days, no relief."
"Been using every night 30 minutes after washing my face for 2 months now and have not seen any improvements yet. "
"Was withdrawing from fentanyl heroin and a little bit from suboxone. It takes away most symptoms but xanax and klonopin work better. Ativan works great for anxiety tho. And lasts 6/7 hours for me."
"This drug has been an absolute game-changer for me. I&#039;ve only been taking it for about 3 months so I am still getting used to not having to run to the bathroom every 15 mins. The effects were immediate. I noticed a drastic reduction in frequency just within the first few hours of taking my first dose. It&#039;s amazing to look back and see how much I (and my friends/family) had arranged their lives around my bladder - planning for bathroom breaks, making mad dashes to the bathroom when in public, and running on the verge of dehydration for years in an attempt to reduce the frequency. I can&#039;t imagine going back to that."
"I&#039;m 8 weeks pregnant and have been having trouble with constipation. I also have problems with nausea and vomiting so I know my intake of food and water hasn&#039;t been the best. Today I felt the urge to have a bowel movement and was really excited to do so, as that hasn&#039;t been happening for a couple weeks and I had to take an enema about 3 days ago. I tried to make a BM and nothing but a pellet came out and I was left with stool in my rectum which caused a good deal of pain and discomfort. I literally could not sit down. I managed to make it down the street to CVS for MoM (cvs brand). I took about 45 ml + water at first and then about 20 min later I took the additional 15 ml + water. 6.5 very painful hours later baseballs come out. Relief!"
"Used Monistat 1day and like the previous comments I experienced the itching, burning and blistering on day two after usage, symptoms felt better but blistering was still there, for the blisters  use pure vitamin e oil .This will help the blisters go away and your skin will heal a lot faster , Just rub it all over vagina, it works like a charm!!"
"I was taking Clonazepam then my doc suggested Primapexole as it is non-habit forming.  It certainly took care of my restless legs but I woke up with headaches and went to sleep with headaches.  Indigestion was also a side effect, so much so that I was constantly very bloated and did not feel well for the month I took Primapexole.
The positives were that my RSL was non-existent and I did not feel tired in the am.  As a matter of fact, I was able to get up 2 hours earlier every day.  Don&#039;t know why that happened but it was nice to not feel so sleepy in the morning.  Now I&#039;m back on Clonazepam and I&#039;m not sure if I&#039;m that happy with it this time around.  Is there anything else to try??"
"Hi started this medication Cipro 2.5 years ago only 5mg. I had side effects to start including joint pain, Brain zaps, dizziness but it passed after 4-7 days and I have been back to myself working a full time job, driving again and living my life. Recommend it for sure."
"I seriously used to cry everyday and wonder when my life would change. I felt like I was stuck and had no one to talk to that would understand the way I felt. I used to think of all different ways to end the pain but I knew suicide was not the answer. I felt empty inside and tried everything to make myself feel better. I would turn to food to make myself feel better and I felt I was spiraling out of control. I would isolate myself from everyone. I resulted in cutting myself and I felt a sense of relief. I knew I needed help immediately. I told my doctor everything I was experiencing with tears in my eyes. He prescribed me lexapro and after two weeks I felt like a different person. It made me feel so much better and I could recognize myself."
"I have suffered from severe anxiety and depression since 2002 when I had cancer and did chemo.  The chemotherapy I did saved my life but it messed up my hormones so much that I went into premenopause at the age of 17.  I have been on various doses of Effexor XR for the last 8 years ranging from 75-300mg a day.  I needed medication to live a normal life.  In the last year or two, I had been progressively getting worse until I felt like I was spiraling out of control.  I had been working with my doctor to find a solution but nothing was working.  Extra meds were not helping.
Desperate, I tried niacin.  500mg a day.  Flushing is worth it.  I am now off Effexor, and on niacin instead and it works better with less side effects, only the flush."
"I have been taking Keppra for 3 years now.  I used to take Lamictal and felt crazy during that time.  I used to feel sleepy and at first I couldn&#039;t wake up in the morning when I started taking Keppra, but now I am happy to be on it. My biggest issue with Keppra is the rising cost and the fact that my body gets used to it so I have to increase my dose."
"I have been on this for a month now. This pill has been my savior and its only been a month. Within days my ovarian pain was gone. And my PMS symptoms were near to none! I had gained weight, say 5/9 lbs but it beats pain and living in fear. I&#039;m happier than I&#039;ve been in a long time and I would really recommend this pill, especially if you&#039;re sensitive to medicines. I know I am. I&#039;m 22 and normally extremely healthy. I have an ovarian cyst and this pill works."
"I&#039;ve been really pleased with the way vyvanse has helped me. On Vyvanse I&#039;m not moody or lifeless like I had been on other drugs. My appetite is still very small and this is kind of a problem because I&#039;m really light anyways. However, if I eat before I take it and snack on healthy things during school hours I don&#039;t crash when it wears off. With Vyvanse I&#039;ve realized it&#039;s possible to control my ADD and keep my personality! I was VERY nervous about starting a new drug, but Vyvanse is really the best thing I&#039;ve tried and my grades in my AP classes are better than they have ever been."
"I have atypical depression. I have tried Wellbutrin (allergic reaction), Zoloft (diarrhea, anxiety), Prozac (good experience), and Effexor, which made me crave alcohol everyday even though I generally dislike alcohol and am not a regular drinker. All of these gave me delayed ejaculation problems except for the Wellbutrin. I pretty much gave up on medicines until I had a major depressive bout and went back to the psychiatrist who suggested I give Viibryd a try. It has made everything so much better! No side effects, high energy and motivation, and has stabilized my usually volatile temper greatly. I&#039;ve read a lot of negative reviews out there so I was compelled to write this review because in my case, rare as it may be, Viibrys has worked."
"Feeling horrendous, like I&#039;m being poisoned!
Was prescribed this after a trip to A&amp;E with an upper UTI/kidney infection. I don&#039;t normally take meds and I&#039;m trying to avoid antibiotics as I have leaky gut but the Dr urged me to take them as the infection was so bad.
Anyway, the first day or 2 weren&#039;t too bad but then I woke up and felt like I&#039;d been hit by a freight train.
Here are some of the things I&#039;ve been experiencing:
Nausea, bloating, thrush, severe migraine like headaches, loss of appetite, depression and mood swings, paranoia, anxiety, dehydration due to constant urination, burning pain in my limbs and a stiff neck, a feeling of being hungover each morning, dizziness and &#039;brain fog&#039; and a dry cough! Never taking these again!!!"
"This has been a miracle for me going through horrid menopause with terrible anxiety, worry and deep depression. I have been to point of wanting to end my life. I have tried over dozens of anti-depressants along with anti-anxiety meds but they made me feel worse. Now I am taking trazodone along with a couple of glasses of red wine along with Jasmine. The hot flashes are pretty much have gone away and get to sleep too. The anxiety and depression is now manageable thank God!! I would encourage all women do not allow your doctor to prescribe any benzos. It caused most of depression. The side effects were just horrible!!! It took me many months to overcome them. I had flu like symptoms and deep deep depression get ting of of them."
"I took the morning after pill after the condom slipped right before ovulation. I have been pregnant and the side effects made me feel exactly the same way as when I was pregnant. My period was five days late and I was convinced that I was pregnant. Two days after I started my period, the symptoms subsided."
"I&#039;ve had explanan for 3 months now at first I was scared to get it because I read all the bad reviews about it and especially of gaining weight which I already struggle with however I decided that I didn&#039;t want to risk getting pregnant so I got the nexplanon I had no side effects till I got my period which usually last 2-3 days however nexplanon changed it to 2 weeks and some spotting a few days after intercourse other than that no other horrible side effects I don&#039;t regret my decision and no more worrys of getting pregnant I love it !"
"Hi! So I took ellaone last month and I took it within 10 hours of having unprotected sex. I was convinced everything would be ok until my period was 10 days late! Of course I freaked out and was convinced I was pregnant as my period had only ever been up to 3 days late before. Took one pregnancy test, came back negative, took another pregnancy test and it was faulty- one line was vertical and one was horizontal (both meant to be vertical if pregnant) so I booked in to see doctor. I had all the symptoms of pregnancy but unfortunately for us women, most of the pregnancy symptoms are the exact same as period symptoms. Anyway to cut a long story short- my period came today! Ella one DOES work. It&#039;s just a high dose of hormonas."
"Reasons for the 9/10:

1) Cramping/spotting for 4-6 mos. My 1st time on Mirena, no period for 4yrs! 6yrs later, &amp;6 days into 2nd Mirena I&#039;ve got typical cramps/3.5d menstruation.

2) It could fall out/re-position itself in the cervix, (down from uterus). 5mos after a copper/hormone-free IUD, I found out that this had happened to me and I switched back to Mirena.

Many people have had adverse effects from this med. incl. depression, anxiety, mood swings, constant spotting, painful cramps+.

Having 5 years of experience on this med., then switching to a copper IUD for 5mos, I can say that Mirena has HELPED my depression/anxiety.  Every body is different. Plus I&#039;m not going to get pregnant! So, all in all, I&#039;d recommend this to anyone."
"The side effect that made me stop it was severe reflux.  I would wake up from a dead sleep basically vomiting in my mouth and nearly choking on it.  This happened nightly for weeks and I just couldn&#039;t tolerate it anymore.  It does help a great deal with relaxing the muscles (and for pain).  I also get insomnia from this while most people get drowsy."
"At first I loved this medicine it seemed to be working for the depression. But after upping my dosage to 40mg I began to experience brain zaps and if I didn&#039;t take it within a 24 hour period I would feel horrible. A year and a half later I have experienced brain zaps, sleep paralysis,  memory loss, horrible vivid nightmares, headaches, blurred vision in my left eye. I went to my doctor and he is weaning me off of it.  Just started Friday 01/13/2017 and I have not been able to function. This medicine is wicked. It needs to be taken off the market."
"I had my thyroid removed due to cancer 9 years ago. The doctor initially put me on Synthroid in various dosages which didn&#039;t work, then levothyroxin which also did not work. It took about a year before we all agreed my body was not absorbing it for some reason. A miserable year. I wasn&#039;t sure I would ever get to be &quot;me&quot; again. I was always exhausted, sad, lost my temper to a degree it was scary, and everything took a lot of effort. Depression had certainly set in and I had not experienced that before. Finally a neighbor told me about Armour so I asked for it. Don&#039;t believe the Synthroid smear campaign. This stuff works and is cheap! I alternate two strengths daily and a 30 day supply from Costco is about $35."
"I love this product. It helps me so much, especially now that I&#039;m back in school. It helps me stay focused and not get so distracted anymore. Also it cuts down my appetite, so it helps me lose weight."
"I have sever hyperhidrosis, I got the botox injections last year and they were a miracle, but my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it this year. I have been using hypercare and its amazing. It can be painful at first but if you stick through it, and use cutavate lotion or an anti-itch cream you&#039;ll be fine."
"I feel a lot better. I did add back plus Lupron depot. Minimal side effects. I feel like myself again because I am not waking up every night with pelvic pain. I am very thankful for a doctor who did laproscopy to remove endometriosis. This is the only medication proven to reduce endometriosis tags and postpone its return. Exercise also is easier because I&#039;m sleeping better."
"I got the Mirena inserted October 21st of 2015. I was 20 at the time &amp; have no children. I got the Mirena since I&#039;m ineligible for permanent birth control. The procedure itself was quite painful but not unbearable it felt like a bad cramp and a pinch. I had taken some pain meds 30 minutes beforehand. The procedure only lasted a few minutes. The cramping I&#039;ll admit was quite painful not as bad as my normal cramps. I considered getting it removed but I&#039;ve heard symptoms of bleeding &amp; cramping can last week&#039;s even months. I gave it time &amp; after around 3 weeks the cramping had stopped. But now it works great! Period is slowly fading! I truly have no complaints. As I hear my reaction to cramping was normal!"
"I was given clindomycin following an emergency tooth removal because I had some infection. I went back a week later and everything healed up just fine, no sign of infection. Only problem I had was a bit of diarhhea, but nothing severe.  All in all a good medication."
"I was diagnosed in Nov 2006.  Avonex did not work, so early in 2007 I started on Rebif.  6 years no relapses.  I would get very bad headaches on the 2 day stretch with no Rebif.  I made the mistake of stopping my Rebif for about 6 months and I had a relapse. Face is numb and legs and feet tingly. I regret stopping for the 6 months. I should have called MSlifelines and figured out how to manage the headaches.  Regardless, I am back on Rebif and will gladly stuffer a headache if I don&#039;t suffer any more relapses. If the goings good..don&#039;t quit!"
"I take Flexeril with Loratab 7.5/500 due to a neck injury and spinal fusion of the C5/C6 Cervical Vertibrae"
"I was chubby for years and almost never had bowel movements. When I did, it was with pain so severe I nearly passed out. My doctor recommended MiraLax and I started taking it every night. I do go to the bathroom now and sometime multiple times a day. I feel so much better and have lost over 50 pounds over two years. I have blood work and a complete workup every three months, but so far, so good. Best part I am no longer a couch potato and work outside a lot and swim. It really changed my life."
"Works for the flares better than the rest of the medicines I&#039;ve tried."
"I started on Junel when I was 17, and I&#039;ve had 0 problems with it. I didn&#039;t gain weight, feel depressed, or anything. My skin was cleared and my period got pretty light. I switched birth control pills for a while a few years ago (Junel wasn&#039;t available where I was abroad) and it was terrible!! I was always sore, tired, gained weight, moody, etc (this was a first gen estrogen pill unlike Junel which is a low dose). I then switched back to Junel and all those problems went away thankfully. 

Everyone is different, but for me at least, Junel has been perfect."
"Same effect as prescription medication at the same cost around $50 and has the same side effects if you have asthma and take inhaled medication you know that if you have an episode with your asthma and you use your inhaler it has the same effect nervousness, rapid heartbeat, jitters, and sometimes headache, etc. Basically its just the medication opening your airways and that puts more oxygen in your lungs that makes you have the nervousness etc. If you do not have or have been diagnosed with asthma do not take this medicine until you see a Dr. but I give it a thumbs up."
"The doctor decided to put me on Seroquel XR instead of Risperdal.  Today I took it then felt the calming effects of it then I was conscious of it kicking in and I started sweating.  The sweating stopped but all of a sudden I feel the same as I did before.  Is this normal?  I&#039;m also still feeling impulsive and have trouble communicating with people."
"Conduced first exploratory use in June, 2013 indication cutaneous melanoma, Breslow/3mm.  Tilmanocept was well received by the patient with no local. Clearance delay provision &lt;20 min. SLN discovery total &lt;4 min/2 SLN/Path."
"My doctors would always give me amoxicillin.  It never did anything.  I use to have a bad bronchitis every winter.  I had one that lasted months.  My sputum turned deep brown, my middle ears were so infected I could barely hear.  And I was not a smoker then.  I called my ENT office off hours.  I got another doctor on the call.  He was older and very thorough in trying to diagnose over the phone.  He said lets try a real old drug.  It was Sulfa not the combo Bactrim.  He called the pharmacy.  A friend picked it up.  the pil was huge.  I broke it in three pieces to get down with lots of water. Tthe next day was like a miracle, I felt so much better.

It seems Sulfa is all around gold standard antibiotic for me for any infection"
"Had back surgeries and neck, after I fractured both.  Have titanium plates in my neck and cadaver bones in my lower back. Tried eveything. Naproxen, percocet, oxycontin, vicodin. Lortab is the only one that I can take that let&#039;s  me get on with my life. Tho,  I do have to watch when I take it, mostly before I do anything strenuous, and  3 hours before bed. For day to day stuff it works the absolute best."
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for 6 years. I no longer get my period. When I get off to give my body a break I get my period for 3 days light. I do experience headaches when stressed and excessive discharge as a side effect. My blood pressure is always a little higher than normal.  I love the pill and recommend it."
"It made me cognitively impaired, numb,  have headaches and caused weight gain. Plus no energy."
"Took a 20 mg dose.  Not only did I not sleep a wink but it gave me a massive headache.
I won&#039;t be trying it again.  Save your money."
"Used hydroxyzine for mild anxiety and as a relief for sleep problems. Worked 50% of the time, can&#039;t fall asleep the other 50%. But will always get hangover effects next morning, hardly good for working. Do consider other sedatives/antihistamines if this does not work."
"I&#039;m having a weird experience with lasix, with the IV version I can pee 7 pounds in hours but with the pills (40mg) twice a day I haven&#039;t peed as much as I want to. This is my first day taking it."
"I been on this birth control for 7 years now. It did it&#039;s part. For that 7 years, it never failed me and haven&#039;t got pregnant on it. The most undesirable side effect it had on me was the tremendous weight gain. I ran out of my pills 2 days ago but I decided not to get anymore because my boyfriend and I are trying to start a family."
"It made my mania go away. I was less tense and more calm... but it seemed to increase my anxiety."
"Worked very well for the first 2 nights then made me toss and turn all night the next 5 nights...way worse  a night than if I hadn&#039;t taken anything.  Not worth Continuing."
"I took Lamictal for 4 months at 100mg to treat bipolar disorder type I. My mood swings decreased only slightly. I discontinued medication due to the fact that it made me very itchy."
"I love this medication. Have lost 40 lbs and my blood sugar greatly improved. Fought the yeast infection by taking a low dose over the counter vaginal yeast suppository 2x per week that was prescribed by my doctor. Only bad thing is that I do have hair loss that I think is from this medication. Hoping it is temporary."
"I am not fond of meds, so I wasted 3 months doing Dr Google on natural approaches.
It didn&#039;t work, as I continue having stomach pain, reflux, bloated, etc. 
On desperation I went to the doctor and he confirmed I had HP.
I&#039;m on day 6, and feel miserable with the side effects. Insomnia, high pulse rate, stress,etc.
However my gut seems to be better. Can eat better. I will take the probiotics, seems to help.
Good luck"
"This prescription is useless. I had worse troubles sleeping on this medication. It was a nervous sleep and woke up in the middle of the night. I also was groggy all day at work the next day! I wanted to return it after the first night but of course the pharmacy would not return it. This drug is such a rip off. Stick to Ambien or Lunesta!"
"Had mine put in about 6 weeks ago And love it so far.  I&#039;m 23 with no children but did a lot of research first.  The insertion was painful, even with media to help.  I did try to drive myself home but nearly fainted while driving...so you might want to bring a friend.  Overall though it was not THAT bad.  I spotted non stop for 5 weeks and now have gone 1 full week with no spotting.   Other than the initial placement I have had zero pain."
"Effective if you catch it early. Works quickly."
"I pleasantly surprised! Have been sleeping well. About 8 hours or so. No hangover in the morning which is good. I take it maybe a few times per week. My doctor said that&#039;s okay since no addictive potential."
"Had Nexplanon implanted in my arm September of 2015. After 2nd month I began to have irregular periods. Starting January 14th 2016 I have been bleeding ever since (2mo straight) with maybe half a day of relief. I&#039;ve had cramps, headaches &amp; been more tired than usual. Now 6months on nexplanon &amp; am experiencing pains to the right &amp; left of my bellybutton area. Called Obgyn &amp; she recommended take 800mg ibuprofen to ease cramps &amp; decrease flow (since it is heavier than normal period). The blood is dark, sometimes&quot; rust &quot; colored or dark brown. Now Dr.says to have ultrasound done."
"I read through 3 pages of reviews and now the last 2 years have started to make sense. I was relatively symptom free Year 1. Here we are Year 2 and I feel like I don&#039;t know my body. I&#039;m currently on Day 12 of my cycle, which has be blowing through tampons like I&#039;m in a damn race and this is the second time in 4 months that it&#039;s happened. Also, in encountering &quot;The Cycle from hell&quot; the first time, doctors found a Fibroid, which I am seriously thinking Nexplanon helped form. I agree with the moodiness and depression symptoms...I&#039;ve been an emotional rollercoaster for months now and couldn&#039;t figure out why... Now I know why. In terms of weight gain, I have gained about 30lbs back that I lost. In all, I&#039;m not happy and I&#039;m getting it removed."
"I&#039;m I gave birth to my daughter at 34 weeks for completely unknown reasons. The drs where so set on me agreeing to take makena that when I asked about possible side effects I was told their really aren&#039;t side effects. I was scheduled for a shot today but am completely refusing to allow my drs to continue with this treatment. The side effects are  terrible! The shots are painful and you&#039;ll be tender for days. I also had a ton of fatigue while taking them, but the worst is the moodiness and depression. After just a few short weeks of taking makena my emotional state has become so poor that it is safer and healthier for both myself and my baby to not continue Makena.

I would recommend for expecting mothers to steer clear of Makena."
"I have been on Trinessa for a little over a year now and so far my experience has been pretty great. I haven&#039;t gained weight or had any spotting, but I have noticed I get more sensitive late in the 3rd week of the pills and the moodiness just gets worse during my period. It isn&#039;t really that big of an issue though because I still feel I have some control over my mood. The advantages outweigh the disadvantages, the main advantage being I have yet to get pregnant!"
"Fluoxetine/prozac 20mg for depression/anxiety.
Within 4 hours of taking it at 4pm I truely felt better by 8 pm and happier not sure it was the meds at first or believing it to be working?,had done a lot research before taking it positives and negatives so have an open mind about prozac,certainly felt better quickly after initail dose!.
First 2 weeks slight headaches,bit spaced initially,groggy,dry mouth,difficult concentrate,but I did feel like this whilst depressed!
Now 3rd week its kicked in after 2 weeks and I feel calmer relaxed able to think clearly not foggy mind feel focused happier motivated.
This drug has dealt with anxiety&amp;depression,100%,I was worrying everything,sleep is OK now,no sexual dysfunction yet!.
Good luck."
"I&#039;m on my second implant, and although I got on pretty well with the first one I&#039;ve decided to have this one out early. For the first year or two I wouldn&#039;t have any periods at all, which was great, but towards the last year I&#039;d start to have random, then more regular periods. This time, I&#039;ve started getting bad cramps and heavier periods so I think it&#039;s time to try something else.
Insertion and removal is fine - you get local anaesthetic, might be a little bruising after and scars but it&#039;s nothing to worry about.
My biggest cons are that my sex drive went way down, and I gained about 25lbs. All in all it is effective and worth giving a go."
"I have been taking 25MG of Topamax before bed daily for the prevention of my migraines with aura. Been taking it for almost 2 months. I haven&#039;t had an aura or a migraine since I started taking it. I love this medicine! Only side effect I have noticed so far is tingling in my feet sometimes, but so far not bad. The one thing that is bothersome about this medicine is that birth control bills are less effective and its recommended to use a different form of birth control. IUD is what I think I&#039;m going to try. "
"This antibiotic is really helping. I had horrible chest pain, mucus, hard time breathing, fever, etc. I was diagnosed with pneumonia and sinusitis. I was given a 10 day course of 500mg of Levaquin. I am on day 7 and only a few side effects. Minor dizziness, headaches, MAJOR fatigue and feeling of being in a fog. Overall tolerable but I cannot wait to be done! I feel pretty much back to normal with only a tickling cough left. Also I should note that I sleep VERY well and my appetite has not been affected. I am pleased considering how sick I was and the fact that other antibiotics made me feel horrible in the past."
"It was just barely drinkable and you have to drink a huge amount of it. In my case, there no effect for hours and hours and I felt totally bloated. It finally started working, but I didn&#039;t feel as fully emptied out as I would have liked by the time of my procedure in the morning. I had followed instructions to the letter, including the dietary instructions the day before."
"Honestly don&#039;t give up on this cream, 
i had acne since I was 13 years old, trying all sorts to clear my skin but nothing worked so i just dealt with it every day covering myself in make up. I&#039;m now 21 and my skin  is as clear as it has ever been, I started to use this cream 6 months ago but after 2 weeks on  it I broke out in spots even more and my skin started to peel to the point I couldn&#039;t even touch my face cause it hurt so I gave up the cream for a few weeks but then decided to read some reviews and I took on advice of what people were saying to stick to it. I went back to the doctors got the cream again, 3 months on the redness/peeling stopped and skin is clear, I no longer wear make up and feel confident! STICK IT OUT!"
"Suprep prescribed in preparation for colonoscopy.  As a laxative it&#039;s highly effective.  I threw up most of it, but what ever got left starts working within 15 minutes.  On recommendation I did chill it.  The taste is vile and gag reflex kicks in.  Then massive headache and chills.  Spoke to the doctor.  He recommended drinking second dose slowly.  That helped to keep it down, but headache/chills is worse and nausea kicked it.

I envy those who do not have these side-effects. "
"I started taking Aviane 4 months ago and it caused me to have bad adult acne, little bumps all over my face. My period last for 9 days instead of 12 but I haven&#039;t had success skipping it. I gained 7lbs of water weight and thigh fat that makes my thighs rub together like no other. My breast are larger and tender sometimes. My hair is thinner and sheds a lot more and is brittle. My vagina is dry all the time. I have pain in my knees and ankle a lot when I bare weight on them. It has helped with the heavy bleeding that I experience. I don&#039;t think I should stay on these. I&#039;m not sure if the low energy is from these or my fibroids."
"Caused me to have muscle spasms in my back"
"This medicine was the first one I was put on. Works very well. I am ever so grateful for LEXAPRO. My side effects were being tired and sleepy at first. Now however (after 4 years) I find my sleep cycle is switched, I sleep during the day and I find myself up at night."
"I have been taking Loestrin for 14 days now.  This is my first pill, so I was very concerned with side effects when I started.  The first three days weren&#039;t too bad except for some light nausea.  The fourth night was absolutely terrible- it made me feel like I had the flu the nausea was so bad.  After that night, I&#039;ve only experienced occasional light to moderate nausea.  Mood swings here and there as well.  Overall feeling pretty good.  I have not noticed an increase in weight, cup size, or skin quality."
"I started taking this birth control pill as my first time trying BC. I really loved it. It didn&#039;t affect my libido at all, I didn&#039;t have any nausea. Basically, it gave me no side effects and no baby! It was really great. Unfortunately, it was being offered at my college for 25 dollars, but it&#039;s significantly more expensive out of pocket without the college discount, so I had to switch once my college stopped discounting it. I&#039;ve switched a few pills since then, but I still haven&#039;t found one as good at Lo Loestrin Fe."
"Ok so I am going on my third week of topamax I have seizures uncontrollably migraines and obesity so let me begin with saying this I have noticed a significant change in my body as far as the weight loss goes 6pds since I have been on it and still loosing however I have lost my appetite I have no desire to eat I may eat one time a day that&#039;s the only downside I have noticed a change in carbonated drinks they don&#039;t taste the same anymore I am currently coming off tegortol which was only treating my seizures and I was gaining so much weight so I&#039;m thankful that topamax is working for me and i only have to take one pill a day to treat all my ailments"
"I&#039;ve been taking till pill for about a year now. It&#039;s been working great so far, only problem is the effect it has on my hormones. It&#039;s been making me crazy emotional. I&#039;ve never been an angry person but ever since I started the pill it&#039;s so hard for me to control my anger."
"I have chronic anxiety and this has been the only medication I can take that gives me steady nerves yet doesn&#039;t make me feel drowsy. I know it can be addictive however, I believe if you are suffering this type of constant anxiety in life and something helps that does not include alcohol which inebriates you, there should not be a problem stay on it. I&#039;d rather be on this for years than turn to alcohol. Physicians and Pharm. should stop the harassment to those of us with PSTD or chronic anxiety. Accusing those on it of selling the drug, just adds to the anxiety. Everyone on Lorazepam is not selling or abusing it. It helps. What more is there to say?"
"While pregnant with my 3rd child, in my early 30&#039;s, I began getting horrible acne, mostly on my chin. It was a combo of white/blackheads &amp; big cyst-like pimples and a lot of redness! How embarrassing &amp; painful. I seen a handful of physicians who prescribed different combos of oral and topical antibiotics, benzoyl peroxide, Retin-A and who knows what else, but nothing worked. Very frustrating! So after about 4 years of this (&amp; scars now) I finally seen a derm. who prescribed Aczone (twice a day) &amp; Tazarac (every night). These were winners for me! What a relief. It did take at least 4 weeks or so to see a big difference but my face eventually completely cleared up!!! The results outweigh the side effects (skin peeling mainly). Worth the $$!"
"There seems to be a lot more negative reviews on this than positive, but I can&#039;t recommend the Nexplanon enough! I was recommended this as I get extremely nauseous with most birth control pills, and haven&#039;t experienced any since getting it.  I got the implant in Oct 2014, and have had only one period since. I have gotten occasional spotting, but it&#039;s been extremely minimal (literally like a spot), and it&#039;s only been a total of three days out of nine months. I&#039;ve actually lost weight and my skin has cleared up as well. I do have a suspicion that this has made me more susceptible to headaches, but they are very infrequent and manageable. I didn&#039;t think birth control would ever be this hassle free and effective!"
"Flu came on quickly on Saturday.  Docs office was closed and I was sick all day Sunday and called first thing Monday morning and they got me in for an appointment.  Fever was 102 with chills, headache, etc.  I got the flu shot several months prior but it covered the wrong strain which is the one that hit me.  Doc gave me prescription for Tamiflu which I started right away.  I still stayed home from work Monday and Tuesday but felt better on Wednesday, still a bit sluggish though.  Did this help shorten the duration? Not certain but I think it definitely did help."
"... only issue is that I became pregnant while taking. Big issue..."
"I was given it for insomnia while at a mental hospital. It did not help at all. It gave me really weird dreams and I could barely sleep so I was switched to Ambien."
"I was on 50mg first...I was crazy then I went on 100mg. Changed my life.  I was actually living! ! When I missed a few days, I thought it was making me sick,  but never missed any doses. Then my doctor cancelled on me 3 days in a row . At that point it was 6 days,  so I said screw it, I&#039;ll stay off them  and I did fine. Wasn&#039;t sickly...didn&#039;t go crazy. I was fine.  
This past 3.5 years of being off it, I&#039;ve gone way down hill.  So I&#039;m excited about going back on them and getting a life back.  I tell you,  before I went on them I was in a really bad place.  PTSD,  from my child hood, my brother killed him self, had none in my life.  Got on pills started jogging and working out, eating good, because I felt good for once. Lost 50lbs. Getting back"
"I have very mild left-sided ulcerative colitis, diagnosed in 1998. I have been taking Lialda for a little over 2 years. I was really bad about taking my previous medicines due to the high number of pills and frequency that I had to take them.

I&#039;ve found the Lialda works TOO well for me. I cannot take the 2 pills 1 x daily. With my doctor blessing, I take 1 pill ever 3 days, and my ulcerative colitis stays under control with no side effects that others have spoken of (and this is from a migraine and seasonal allergy patient.) This medicine is the BEST."
"This is my second time having Botox. They gave me 100 first and that didn&#039;t help so they doubled the dose to 200. I have gotten a little control during the day but still very incontinent at nights. Still wear Depends and pads. Very disappointed. I feel lots of pain around my private when I have the urge to pee. Also I experience  a severe tingling sensation  from my shoulder down my arms to tips of my fingers and as I pee the severity lessens and stops as soon as I&#039;m finished peeing. Apparently, my Doctor has never heard about this. Am I alone here?  
Very frustrated."
"I just started this medication yesterday. I am taking it for anxiety, insomnia, neuropathy .I was relying heavily on benzodiazapines to curb extreme, constant anxiety accompanied by constant low- level pain. It&#039;s been 24 hours and so far it&#039;s like a miracle. I don&#039;t feel the need for Klonopin or ibuprofen. If it stays like this, I&#039;ll be very happy."
"I have taken contrave for 6 weeks. Slight nausea. Slight constipation. I added yogurt and I&#039;m fine. Problem is, I had a black out last week. I lost 5-7 hours of my day. I have lost 13 pounds. Now o need to be off contrave. And it lasts two weeks in my system. So family is freaking and watching me like I&#039;m a crazy person. Oh well. I hope I recover."
"I have been on Adderall for several years now and can&#039;t say enough good things about the medicine. It helps me to focus on tasks and now that I am in college, it has really helped with my studies. It took me a while to come to the realization that I needed something to help with my ADD and I am glad I was prescribed Adderall. The side effects for me have been loss of appetite. I would have insomnia but I take anti-anxiety medicine before going to bed, to counter-act the medication. My short and unscientific philosophy on Adderall is that it bridges the gap between wanting to do something and actually doing something."
"So far, Viibryd has been life-changing for me. I just started the 20mg dosage on the starter sample pack given to me by my doctor after a week of 10mg, and I already feel more positive. I find myself smiling more, and I no longer have suicidal thoughts. If anything, it&#039;s giving me hope that things will be ok and can get better if I change my attitude! I had tried Paxil a couple years ago with no results, but with Viibryd, I actually feel a change. The only side effect I&#039;ve encountered so far is a little constipation, but with a well-balanced diet, this can easily be reversed. I have suffered from depression and anxiety since I was a teen, and am now 30."
"WOW!  I had oral surgery and when the anesthesia wore off, the whole side of my face hurt worse than any pain I&#039;d ever had before.  I couldn&#039;t even touch a tissue to my runny nose without going through the roof.  Within minutes of taking the Vicodin, not only was the pain gone, but I was able to sleep through the night."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about a year and well I did gain about 10-15 pounds and what&#039;s worse is that it makes me lazy and exhausted all the time. It does have some benefits like not getting pregnant, it made my face clear up and glow, also regular short and light periods, and I did in fact noticed my boobs get bigger which I did not mind. Once I noticed my weight gain I had to make healthier choices and definitely work out. I just don&#039;t like that it makes me tired. I read on here that it affects your sex drive. I&#039;ve never had a problem with mine. I do believe every body reacts to it differently."
"I saw in the comments that someone had an allergic reaction. I thought interesting.  After 10 weeks of wearing the patch I develop some itching around the edges.  The next week I had intense itching as if bit by mosquitoes.  I removed the patch and tried one more patch.  The reaction started after 2 days, mild itching to a very discrete raised red patch the exact size of the patch.  I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s the patch or the medication but will have to discontinue use.  Too bad since it really worked well at alleviating my pain at night"
"HI , dz .
I wanted to share my expirience with effexor ( flaxyne)  for anxiety , panic attack  disorder and depression I m a 28 old girl I have been taking effexor  75 mg for years but no result at all then my ps augmented the dose to 225mg which works greatly now with all my disorders and I m also on 100mg sulpiride which blocks perfectly black persecutive ideas and help reduce my anxiety too but here is the prblm I faced an important lack of libido and anorgasmia  and a delayed period due to high dose flaxyne probably , but after months I m taking an infusion of Fenugreek seeds I m not drinking every day but at least twice in 28 days and it really helped with the side effects of effexor ."
"I have tried every bc out there and my body has rejected them all. Even the IUDs dislodged themselves within three days. got the nexplanon about a month and a half ago and I have had very unstable mood swings. I&#039;m a hardcore fitness person so my body fat was at 10% when I got this and it&#039;s made me gain 15lbs. My bleeding won&#039;t stop been two weeks and my cramps have become worse and lasted a whole week. Worst experience with birth control."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for almost a year now, but recently started taking it continuously because of the terrible breakouts and mood swings/depression I was having on a monthly basis around when my period would start. 

Pros: continuous method (for me) works well at delaying periods and not dealing with the negative, no weight gain (Sprintec made me put on A LOT of weight), easy to use, milder cramps, breasts went up from C&#039;s to D&#039;s, lighter flow, prevents pregnancy) 

Cons (with normal use): MAJOR depression like symptoms for 2 weeks of the month, breakouts (I can usually keep them under control), enlarged breasts, feeling tired before period week."
"I&#039;ve only been taking Celexa for a couple of weeks but I can already notice positive changes regarding my anxiety and severe depression. I am more calm and not as nervous and definitely feeling more leveled out. No real side effects other than jaw clenching, which I have gotten a mouth guard for. It&#039;s my understanding that this side effect usually clears up in a few weeks. 

Anyways, nice to feel level and not suicidal and negative anymore. Hopefully it keeps up, given my own and family history, I&#039;ll probably be a &quot;lifer&quot; on this."
"Viagra works great.  Take between 50 and 100MG depending on the night&#039;s activites.  Most of the time I wake up the next morning with another stiff one.  Two for the price of one.  I&#039;m 64 and the $50 price tag is too high anymore.  Doc just prescribed the 20mg generics.  I think taking 2 or 3 of them will work the same."
"I had a 2cm brain aneurysm surgery 13 years ago and survived. One year after the brain surgery I had a lot of blank spots. I went and saw a Doctor and explained my situation and he put me on Ritalin. It has helped me tremendously without a doubt. If there are any side effects I haven&#039;t seen them. When I don&#039;t take Ritalin those blank spots come back. I usually take Ritalin 6 days a week and I do not have any withdrawals of any kind. "
"(From a teen&#039;s point of view. I am currently 14) I developed severe Emetophobia at age 6 and then after 7 years of panic attacks and anxiety, at age 13 i got to the point where I was laying in bed for hours all day everyday begging my mom for a new type of medicine (I had previously been taking Mirtazipine for 5 years and it seemed to stop working) so I got prescribed with 5mg Lexapro  (liquid form) at 10 ml a day. It worked very quickly and I began to feel normal again. I was able to actually leave the house again without panicking and my anxiety decreased dramatically. It changed my life so much and has made me a lot less anxious. I didn&#039;t experience any side effects except for suicidal thoughts. those lasted for a few months."
"I have been taking Tramadol for over 2 years now, and it has been helpful for my Arthritis and Fibromyalgia pain. It does not make the pain go away, nothing I have tried does, but it does dull it enough that I am not clenched up in a ball in bed in sharp pain all the time as I was before taking it. I wish it would last longer though, I start to feel relief about 2 hours after taking it and it wears off at 4 hours after taking it. Since I take it every 6 hours I am still extreme levels of pain most of the time, but for the 2 hours it is helpful I can manage to do basic tasks like get dressed, bathe, hold a pen, open doors which I am unable to do without it. I do not have any &quot;goofy&quot; side effects with Tramadol, so that is also good for me."
"This is the third birth control I have tried and I have no complaints whatsoever! I&#039;ve been on it for a little over a year now. It has the lowest dosage of artificial hormones, doesn&#039;t make me gain weight or have crazy mood swings. The only things I have noticed while taking it is occasionally a low sex drive, which is honestly not a problem unless you want to feel sexy 24/7, which, let&#039;s face it, is just not for everyone. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is starting out on birth control for the first time or is looking for an alternative. It&#039;s gentle, it&#039;s not conflicting with my lifestyle and I have my period regularly without any spotting. Everyone&#039;s body is different, so definitely ask your OBGYN. Hope this helps!"
"I took this drug for 6 days. On the third day my sugar dropped to 60. On the sixth day it did it again - hypoglycaemic.. take at your own risk!! very bad drug"
"I was placed on Sexenda about 16 months ago. Studies have shown that after 12 months that weight loss does not happen. That has proved true. I started at 212 lb and at 16 months was down to 179.   at my last appointment  I had a 5lb weight gain ( due to menstruation)  and my insurance company would not renew my prescription. There for the doctors said to go ahead and stop it completely. when I initially started this medication I was explained that you should not stop this suddenly and should be weaned off - I was at the max dose of 3mg daily.  It has been a month since I have last taken the medication and I have gained 10lbs back. I have not changed anything I was doing to previously. Just a warning toto after sexenda use and the discontinuing process."
"Crushed knee, shattered tib and fib. Leg was a mess with lot&#039;s of soft tissue damage as well. Natural morphine couldn&#039;t stop the bone pain but Dilaudid did the trick in a minute. I have to have a combination of pain killers for everything to stop but Dilaudid was the breakthrough med. It was by IV only."
"I&#039;ve tried them all--Adderall, Ritalin, Focalin, etc. Nuvigil is somewhat effective, but I find I can only use it when I&#039;m working alone. Too much people interaction is tough. It lasts so long, which can be good, but sometimes not. Even if I take it at 5:30 a.m., I feel like I can&#039;t drink even a 1/2 glass of wine in the evening. Also, sometimes I feel very dizzy in the afternoon when I&#039;m on the drug. I&#039;m only taking 40 mg."
"I started chanix about 3 months ago.I tried to do it before this time and almost always forgot to take it so when I had my next doctors appointment I asked the nurse to start me back on it she said she&#039;d give me 3 months to quit and here it is almost 3 and I haven&#039;t touch a cigarette for a week after smoking 1 to 3 packs a day depending on if a beer or 2 was involved I never thought I could do it now my fiance is just starting it cause he seen that I could do it the real test will be if I go out and drink socially if anyone else has done it please let me know don&#039;t want to make the mistake of going back to smoking again"
"I found Seroquel(quetiapine) to be the best medicine for me it really helped my thoughts slow down and allowed me to regain control of my thoughts/emotions, it also helped with my insomnia which was an added benefit. I also take an antidepressant and it seems to work well with it as I used to get bad headaches from the antidepressant alone but since adding Seroquel to it I no longer get these headaches. I guess if I had to say one negative thing about it, it does seem to increase my appetite /possible weight gain but I feel the benefits outweigh the negative as the increased appetite/mild weight gain can be controlled by eating healthy and exercise. Overall a great medication for me."
"3 month into taking meds. No side effects. So far so good. I feel great. Had a time adjusting to taking med every single day. Haven&#039;t skipped any days. I take 2 hours before or after my set time. Found out I was positive feb. 11th. Started med June 1st.  Undetectable after 2 month. I&#039;m thankful for complera. I was terrified about taking meds cause of side effects. But I&#039;ve had none."
"Like so many others I&#039;ve had all the severe symptoms of endometriosis without actually having endometriosis. No form of contraception works &amp; I&#039;ve tried the lot. I&#039;m now 36 and am going in next month for endometrial ablation. My Gyneacologist put me on Ponstan &amp; another acid but it has not helped. Also I have horrible abdominal pain &amp; bloating which keeps me up all night. I&#039;ve had to stop taking it &amp; need strong pain killers to cope. Forget going to work. Has anyone else had these problems? I&#039;d love to know if these symptoms are more common than we know. Good luck girls!!!"
"It worked rather well the only problem was I had a rough time making a bowel moment"
"After 5 months on this medication it did nothing for my &quot;manic-depressive bipolar disorder&quot; that I was diagnosed with. It caused me to rapidly put on fat and riddled me with anxiety. I&#039;ve never had a panic attack in my life until I took this medication. I was prescribed latuda 40mg, after 2 months had numerous panic attacks and gained over 15lbs of fat, made me very angry and anti-social, it&#039;s also expensive as hell even with insurance. I quit taking it and forced myself to workout and eat clean and I feel 10x better than when I was taking this crap. No more depression, no more panic attacks or anger. My bipolar symptoms are completely gone from just changing my diet and adding structure to my chaotic life."
"My husband has been prescribed some kind of pain killer since the age of 11 due to football injuries as well as several auto accidents. Seventy-two broken bones throughout his life. About 9 years ago a pain management doctor prescribed him Oxycontin, and it has changed his life for the good as well as creating some unfortunate disadvantages. The withdrawl is horrible for him, but after a bilateral knee replacement, it definitely improved the quality of both of our lives. He is much more active than before, and can do so many things that I had to do for him in the past. So with proper management by doctors it has definitely proved to be a God-send."
"I had anxiety and panic attacks for about 3 years, I finally said enough was enough when I promised after another panic attack im going straight to the doctor and I did. And im glad I did, this drug makes anxiety come all the way down to a manageable level It takes about 2 months from my experience to work, iv been on 50mg for 5 months and I should increase my dose for the remaining anxiety but there&#039;s a reason I wont. The drugs sexual side effects are bad it lowers overall sex drive and makes it hard to climax very annoying.Thats the main reason I want to get off them as well as dislike of long term medication. For someone who is looking to try the drug but maybe apprehensive
Dont be scared to try this medication dont live in anxiety hell"
"Never had a problem. Not intended weight gain, and periods seemed to turn out normal and right on time every month."
"Got my wisdom tooth removed. I had a surgical procedure because my tooth was impacted. I had to take 3 pills within 6 hours. It barely worked, the side of my face is still throbbing and in pain. I couldn&#039;t take more because of the acetaminophen. Going back to the dentist tomorrow to get something stronger instead."
"My acne has cleared up a little since going on Tri-Sprintec. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects."
"It&#039;s working for me with no visible side effects to this date."
"Started taking the starter dose on April 27, 2015, then went up to the regular dose on May 11th, 3 days ago.  Didn&#039;t lose much the first week then, wow, started dropping the pounds.  It has been about 17 days and I&#039;m down 14 pounds from 264.5 to 250.5 this morning, but most of that has been in the past two weeks.  A little tingling in the feet but that is about it.  Carefully monitoring my resting heart rate with a digital reader and it has gone down, not up.  Not hungry AT ALL.  This stuff is the miracle I have been waiting for. I didn&#039;t think something like this was possible."
"I got constant yeast infections. Increase in break outs. Constant cramping."
"I am a Nurse Practitioner. I prescribe this all the time for chronic cracking in the corners of the lips. Works great!!"
"I have used this medication for motion sickness on several occasions. It works great. I have suffered from motion sickness all of my life (now 50 years old) and this medication is great. I used it on a 7 day cruise and had horrible side effects after. I had to use some other motion sickness medication to calm the dizziness and hard to focus side effects. I tried this patch again and it did not seem to work. I will try it again soon on another cruise and hope it works. I too have tried many different remedies and nothing worked as good as the patch. I would use it again even with the side effects. That is nothing compared to having control of your senses during a cruise."
"Received my second shot and am completely clear from chronic psoriasis. No side effects, can&#039;t believe the results happened so quickly. I am so happy, I am rid of this terrible disease."
"I would not have taken this medication if I knew it was going to effect my sex drive. I am thankful that I was only on it for a short time and I have stopped taking it a few days ago. I have been married for a longtime but we have a very active sex life now that our children are gone from the house. If I would have known that I wouldn&#039;t be able to have a orgasm during sex I never would have agreed to taking this drug. So if you value your intimacy with your partner do not take this drug or expect a lot of frustration !!!"
"I first had a urinary tract infection at the age of 16 and suffered with them frequently since that time until around 1 year and a half ago (at age 26) when I was introduced to Hiprex by a friend. I used Hiprex at that time and since then haven&#039;t needed to use it again until recently. I&#039;m not too happy about having a UTI right now, but the fact I haven&#039;t had one for a year and a half has been so good. I&#039;m just hoping that by taking Hiprex again this time round, it will shorten the duration of the UTI and alleviate the symptoms quickly. I&#039;m hoping to avoid antibiotics, if possible."
"This is very helpful in treating my chronic inflammation. I can&#039;t move on rainy days without it! No side effects noticed. After finding out I had virtually no Vitamin D in my system and correcting that, I was able to reduce my dose from 15 mg to 7.5mg."
"After three shots, my cholesterol came down over 100 points to 152 as did my LDL, down over 100 points. But am not happy with side effects of sinusitis and now earache. Whole face is throbbing from neck to face. Not sure if pain in arm is part of side effects. Am fearing other side effects noted on bladder infection.  First three shots were samples, next will cost me about $50 a shot; having problems with prescription...pharmacy still working with
Pharmaceutical Co. Will ask to discontinue even if all other statins have not helped.I am a 79 year old female."
"These are the best for my anxiety."
"My doctor started me on a very low dose of this (100mg). I have anxiety, depression, and (a questionable diagnosis, pending review) of bipolar disorder. The first day I took this I had a full blown panic attack. My heart was racing so fast and I was experiencing pretty bad chest pain and heaviness, so much so that I called the office and they wanted me to stop taking it and go to the ER to have an EKG done. I stopped taking it for about 2 weeks, but wasn&#039;t ready to give up on it - big mistake. So I went back on it for 3 days. Each day I had elevated heart rate, and felt anxious all day long. I was EXTREMELY irritable to the point of rage, my ENTIRE face broke out with painful cystic acne I&#039;d never had before - basically over night. Skip!"
"I&#039;ve lived with IBS for as long as I can remember. I worked in a high stress career since the 1980s. In the 1990s I went to my doctor to get help. His advice- avoid foods that upset your stomach. The trouble was that everything did this. I could not sit through a meal at a restaurant without stopping part way through to run to the bathroom.

I moved to East Tennessee I established myself with a new doctor. As part of his initial review of my health, the IBS came into discussion. He recommended a new drug, Viberzi.
 
To say it has been life-changing is an understatement. I cannot tell you how great it is to be able to eat and not have IBS immediately.
 
One more thing- my gallbladder was removed in 2009- no problems or side effects for me."
"I have been taking it for 12 years. It was the second ever BP medicine I was ever put on since my diagnosis in 2000. I really have been lucky with this. No cough for me, and when you read the long term side effects, they aren&#039;t anywhere near as scary as most everything else you can take. And the interactions are all minimal and favorable for me. My High BP is a mystery as it does not run on either side of my family. Still taking it but had to up the dosage to 40 mg/day due to extreme unavoidable stress in my life."
"I wanted to give birth control a try so my doctor put me on Tri Sprintec. It started out okay and I was fine with the outcome despite the nausea. However, I then began getting this white milky discharge a week before my period and when I had sex it smelled fishy. I went to the doctor and it was diagnosed as Bacterial Vaginosis..I have tried many treatments to ward it off nothing worked. I&#039;m getting off Birth Control and getting my life back!"
"Horrible burning, made my itch even worse after application,  I used this two previous times 2014 and 2016 with good results but not this time apparently the formula was changed cause the pain and itch is unbearable !!! Don&#039;t buy this Monistat 7 it&#039;s. instead  go to the doctor . I&#039;m even crying ugh!!!"
"I have R/R MS, and after having more than 2 relapses in 1 year, I was put on Copaxone. 3.5 years on I realise that this drug really suits me.  The only problem with this medication is my poor memory, at least once per month I totally forget to administer my injection. This causes no exacerbations, and I feel so good on it. I had suffered for quite a few years before using this preparation, and it seems like a God send."
"In 2003 I started on (brand name) Celexa 5 mg a day for anxiety and depression. Within a week I started to feel almost a magical feeling of well being and a nice calmness within myself. The world looking brighter and so much better. For once in my life I felt that the hole in my soul was healing. No more anxiousness and crying most of the time and no more waves of horrible emotional pain. I gradually worked up to 10 mgs a day and now I am on 20 mgs a day. I did have a headache, nausea and loss of appetite. They went away. I gained weight but was feeling so much better. I tried generic Celexa for almost 1 month and I felt irritable-like a dark cloud descended upon me. It is not the same as the Brand. "
"I bought Oxtrol for the first time on a Monday and put the patch on that evening. After 2 hours it started to suppress the urge to urinate and I noticed the difference. The next day after about wearing it for 16 hours so far it was working full force! This is my full second day of wearing the 4 day patch and I am back to normal! I have not experienced any side effects and have only great things to say about Oxytrol thus far. I can now meet with clients in confidence and not have to worry that if I sneeze or cough that i will wet myself."
"Bactrim ds works for me. I had cystic acne all over my face and body it was so scary .I only work and stayed in the house but as soon as I stop taking this medicine I got  acne back all on my face."
"Great pill, works good for pain, don&#039;t run out because the withdrawal after 2 weeks of use or longer is bad. "
"I took topiramate for approx 3 months before I refused to continue with the therapy. The side effects (peripheral neuropathy, inability to remember anything, altered taste of just about everything, insomnia were not worth suffering through. So I&#039;m still going through an adjustment. As of right now, I have been taking propranolol for a month and have not had a migraine (was getting 1-2 a week previously)."
"I began this birth control in January of 2015 (after about 10 months of being off BC). I moved so I got a new doctor who prescribed Junel Fe 1/20. I had never had an issue with BC before so I never thought this pill would put me on the downward spiral that it did. 
Let me state that it took me 10 months to realize this pill was to blame because I lived with my in laws while purchasing a home and planning a wedding...stress was becoming a close relative. But this pill gave me back acne, weight gain, CHIN HAIR, migraines, cyst on my breast, no sex drive at all, and mood swings so bad that suicide or divorce would cross my mind. Worst pill ever. Strongly advise against"
"Works fantastic, a wonder drug...except for a flushed face for about twenty minutes. I had excruciating hip pain, nothing worked except Tylenol and Motrin in huge doses. One 200 mg dose of celebrex reduced 90% of my pain and allowed greater range of motion. I&#039;m truly amazed. I have been using this two days. 50 yrs old and had a very physical life, this seems to be my path back to full physical activity."
"I have been on Effexor XR for over 15 years. I take a daily dosage of 300mg. It has been the most significant thing in my life! I am able to function normally, hold down a sometimes stressful job, be a great parent and most of all be the best me possible. I have a hormonal imbalance which causes my depression and no amount of psychological intervention was ever going to change that. Effexor XR did. Whilst there are side effects, my body has become accustomed to them and believe me they are nothing in comparison to the dreadful depression. I believe that it has saved my life and ensured that the life I lead is a good one. A couple of tablets a day, some minor side effects and I can get on with a wonderful life."
"This drug is effective at inducing a period, but it has AWFUL side effects.   Basically, you will feel pregnant--tired, dizzy, hungry for junk food, and BLOATED.  My breasts grew half a size within 3 days of taking.  Then the rest of me caught up and I gained 5lbs in the 10 day time frame that I took this drug. But it did do what it was supposed to do, so I can&#039;t totally complain."
"Don&#039;t let all of the internet stories about painful insertions scare you away from getting a Paragard. I had mine inserted today and it was really no big deal at all. I&#039;m 20 years old and have never had children. I also was NOT on my period when I went in for the procedure. The doctor didn&#039;t instruct me to take any pain killers beforehand, but I went ahead and took 2 Advils one hour before insertion.

The procedure was extremely quick. Its uncomfortable for sure, but I didn&#039;t really feel any pain at all.  You feel stuff going on down there, and you can feel the thing inside your uterus which is weird, but there wasn&#039;t actually any pain. I only felt a slight pinch when IUD was passing through my cervix, but that&#039;s it! Piece of cake."
"I&#039;ve have been in severe pain for 25 years. I&#039;ve been on just about everything for a back injury and my doctor finally put me on 20mg oxycontin twice a day and hydrocodone 10/650 for break through pain, every 8 hours. I&#039;ve finally got my life back and my family. God bless the makers of oxycontin."
"Only thing is sexual dysfunction as side effect is terrible."
"My wife is happy! I feel better; more energy, less brain fog, positive attitude, and I wake up on a kickstand again. No skin irritation. Deduct 1 star due to high expense. Testosterone cypionate is MUCH cheaper. This is a great delivery system, however, and excellent design. Total Test went from 383 to 901. Free T went from below range to 1/3 inside range. The conversion factors and different assays make it impossible to post here. May switch to cypionate and do IM injections myself to save money."
"So the first day of my last period was Oct. 13 2016.I had unprotected sex 13 days later in the morning of Oct26. I took plan b Oct27 just less than 26 hours later.I started getting cramps Nov.4,5,6. Nov7 I had fresh blood in my underwear so I put a tampon in thinking it&#039;s my period. There wasn&#039;t really much blood on the tampon so I put a liner on and didn&#039;t bleed again til Nov.9(which was my expected period day). Because I never had a period so light I was online and read about implantation bleeding. I was freaked out so I took a pregnancy test today Nov. 10 and I&#039;m pregnant. I don&#039;t know what to do I&#039;m still spotting but it&#039;s brown now. I think it didn&#039;t work for me because I was ovulating and I must have release an egg in those 26 hrs"
"Works excellent for my nasal drip and stuffy nose.  I am not sure yet if it helps with my headaches as I have not been on it that long."
"Have been taking Restasis for dry eyes for two years with no other symptoms than burning until recently.  My vision has become blurred, had my glass prescription made stronger, difficulty reading, redness of eyes and terrible itching. Started to use Refresh Plus and symptoms are lessening. Will discuss problem with my opthamologist."
"Only form of birth control that worked for me. Convenient because I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking my pill or making appointment for the shot. I am pleased with this product."
"I had recently lost just about everything i had but my truck, and was suffering from major depression. Couldn&#039;t even find the strength or will to get off my grandmothers couch. The doc gave me the first 3 weeks dosage (2 20mg then up to 40). The very first day I noticed changes. I had my energy back, I wanted to do things again. The side effects didn&#039;t kick in until day 4. Nausea, constipation, and overall foul stomach. My stomach made noises that I&#039;ve never before heard it make. It was putting me in such a great mood that I just pushed through it and in about a week, with lots of antacid and stool softener, it subsided. This medicine has helped me tremendously so far in my battle with depression."
"I&#039;m 21 and I have had eczema since I was a baby, however it has only been within the last three years that my skin has really suffered. I got very low after trying countless creams. I had light therapy which to me I found pointless as it only made me burn, which made me scratch more. I have eczema all over my body, literally everywhere so you can imagine, as fellow sufferers, how painful and uncomfortable this is. I started using Elocon a few days ago and I must say the improvement is phenomenal. I really would recommend this as my skin is almost clear! So pleased with the results so far!"
"I eventually thought my weight probs were over, I was High as a kite and couldn&#039;t wait to start taking them after reading all the Positives about them, alas, it was the most disappointing thing thats happened to me,They did NOTHING for me,not even the Sleepiness occurred that people posted about.I just decided to be determined and eat as much as I  could, But as much as eat I&#039;m still stuck on 8 stone,4 st less than my norm.I can only assume it is other Meds I&#039;m on that is Blocking them from working,So Despondent."
"I had unprotected sex on May 29th. The pull out method was not used (alcohol was involved). I took the day after pill about 4-5 hours after sex. I am 5&#039;5&quot; and 168 lbs. Found out the pill did not work and I am in fact pregnant. Took 3 pregnancy tests on June 19th... all positive. I am not sure if it was my weight or possible alcohol involved on why the pill did not work?"
"This drug has probably saved my life.  I feel as though the cloud has moved from my eyes and I&#039;m finally myself again if not better,  I&#039;m in great moods often versus just making it day to day. After trying antidepressants and other things I can absolutely say this has been the best thing I&#039;ve ever come across for actually helping my triggers And anger . I&#039;d like to know what it actually does,  scientifically,  but it feels it almost gives me time to think before snapping.  I&#039;m still not 100% but even my partner, friends and work have noticed a difference in myself.  I&#039;m proud of myself for not giving up on myself,  glad I never went thru with some very disturbing thoughts,  I&#039;m lucky to be here and very excited about my future  best of luck"
"Chantix worked great for me.I haven&#039;t smoked since 12/06.
Best thing I ever did."
"I was diagnosed with Discoid lupus in 2009 and I began using Plaquenil once I stopped breastfeeding. Initially, the only difference I noticed was my hair stopped falling out. After taking Plaquenil for a less than a year my face and neck started turning black. My dermatologist is convinced that Plaquenil is the culprit and just recently confirmed it. Between my rheumatologist and dermatologist they&#039;re trying to find the right medicine that will work. I&#039;ve been using bleaching creams for about 9 months and they haven&#039;t worked well. I tried to come off Plaquenil but I experience bad headaches and hair loss."
"Was on Concerta xl for 7 days and had to come off it due to the unbearable side effects of the drug. I  was diagnosed with ADHD (inattentive sub type) generalised anxiety and depression. This drug made me feel very nauseous, gave me a headache, made me shake, gave me twitches throughout my body, messed my brain up in terms of cognition etc, made me very aware of my heartbeat, made me extremely anxious to the point of not being able to leave my room or communicate with anyone and just generally messed me up. At one point i was doing some stretching on a yoga mat to try and calm myself down and i felt so confused that i didn&#039;t know what to do with my legs. This drug wasn&#039;t for me and caused an unpleasant experience."
"Taking 45mg in the evening, as it makes me very sleepy. I am tired all the time and feel like going to sleep. When I first started taking 30mg, I felt really lightheaded but it went away after two weeks or so. Yes it does take my depression away a little bit and keeps me from being suicidal. So all in all it is a good medication."
"Well I&#039;m 13 years old and have been using duac for 2 going into 3 years now and straight away I noticed a difference but after a while it seems as if it doesn&#039;t work as much but I carried on using it and now( 2 years later) my acne has cleared and the only thing I have to deal with is my acne scars! Great product and I highly recommend it!"
"Felt better on day 2, however I had terrible very vivid nightmares. Leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Am going to call doctor to ask to switch to a  Z pack. Scared to go to sleep tonight."
"I&#039;ve had paraguard for 1 yr. Insertion was nearly painless-no worse than a papsmear to me, esp. compared to the horrible experience I expected after reading negative reviews online (I might have lucked out with a tactile &amp; tactful doctor, but I suggest you have your own experience).IUD hasn&#039;t had one noticeable effect on my mood, appetite, or energy. I&#039;m against hormones, so I think some of my positive attitude is due to placebo b/c I want it to work. HOWEVER, even at 1 yr, periods aren&#039;t cyclical, sometimes 2x/mo, intermittent spotting, dry blood residues, so I avoid sex sometimes b/c it&#039;s embarrassing.This is ironic b/c birth control should enable me to have sex more!Also, the cramps are more painful than any pain I have ever experienced."
"I&#039;ve been on Apri for 7 months. This is my first time ever using bc, so I don&#039;t have much to compare it to, but i&#039;m incredibly happy with it. My skin was gradually getting worse and worse with each year, and I can&#039;t tell you the last time i&#039;ve had more than 1 tiny blemish at a time. My skin is amazing! My doctor did warn me about the initial side effects, and they were pretty bad honestly (highly emotional, weight gain about 10 lbs), but after I gave it 3 months something clicked and I stopped being emotional and I have lost all the weight and even a bit more. I have found that I don&#039;t have much of a sex drive at all, but it&#039;s not worth it to me to switch just for that reason. If you&#039;re willing to go through the first few months, go for it!"
"Worked for depression but diarrhea was intolerable."
"I have been on Lutera for 2 months after ending an unwanted pregnancy and have still not gotten my period.  Each month, I come to the inactive pills and get severe cramping as if I&#039;m finally going to get it, and I don&#039;t.  Other than that, I can&#039;t say I mind the pill."
"Improved my chest pain in one day. Able to breathe in fully without pain. Had walking pneumonia in left side. Will continue taking for full 10 days, although it does give me a headache."
"Definitely calmed me down during the first-time onset of schizophrenia. However it makes me very sleepy, sometimes I sleep 14 hours a day - and when I wake up I feel like I want to sleep even more. Also resulted in a lot of weight gain. Eventually had to stop taking it because of how tired I always was."
"With Hep C genotype 1, liver cirrhosis and earlier treatment with Pegasys, Copegus for 48 weeks and initially also Olysio for 12 weeks I was free from the virus during treatment, but only 2 weeks after completed course of treatment, viral content was again present. In October 2014 I started a 6 month viral treatment consisting of Sovaldi and Daklinza and I&#039;m happy to let you know I am still virus free. Had no side effects during treatment and my doctor calls the new anti-viral drugs a real cure for 9 out 10."
"I was prescribed doxepin by my Dr and was not given any informed consent regarding side effects or interactions. I am shocked that I had so many side effects almost instantly, very dangerous medication and I am sorry that I ever followed my Drs advice. I would be very careful with this med and any med that you put into your body. I wonder if the CEO of the company that invented this would let their children take it?!"
"I am extremely satisfied with this medication. I took it for 5 months, and at my peak I was prescribed 40mg twice a day. It took about 3.5 months to start noticing results. I have now been off it for 3 weeks and wow! My skin is 100% clear. I&#039;ve had acne since I was a teen and after failing other options such as antibiotics, I was placed on Claravis. You will have chapped lips. I had to apply aquaphor (really good chapstick) every 15 minutes. Other side effects I had were nosebleeds, dry skin, eczema, rashes on my hands and arms, very sore muscles, sore chest, and any scrapes I got took absolutely forever to heal. I felt sluggish, sort of like I had the flu for 5 months. However, having clear skin was definitely worth it!"
"I have peripheral neuropathy and pain throughout my body. I have been on Norco 350/7 mg 6 x day and 20 mg. Oxycontin 3 times a day. Most days it helps the pain tremendously. There are days that nothing much helps though. Luckily that is not that common. My pain management Doctor has been good working with me and getting me the help I need. Overall Oxycontin has helped my quality of life."
"I was an opiate addict for many years then Suboxone changed all that for me. It stopped the cravings and gave me the energy I lost when I tried to get clean before.I have been on it for many years now and will taper off..it has given me back my life and made me feel normal again"
"I am 38 yrs old and have had psoriasis since I was 12. Years of creams/lotions/UV treatments. Many years of &quot;remission&quot; and minimal areas affected and used occasional tanning to treat. Just dealt with it for many years. Last year in March I tried Humira. After a week I started to clear. After 2-3 weeks was completely clear. BUT had also developed night sweats, irregular heartbeat, extreme flashing/alternate co stant pain in my abdominal area, no appetite, headaches - just a few of many side effects. I stopped taking it in May and had many of the side effects gradually subside. Menstrual cycle has become intermittently prefaced by extreme pain for up to a week. Psoriasis flared so bad that almost a year later and its just starting to lessen."
"I am 22 years old and have never had a problem with asthma until here in the past year. I was very active, ran, and played multiple sports, but that all came to a halt when my asthma symptoms began. My doctor put me on Advair. It has been a blessing. I can now run for miles and not have any problems breathing. I can enjoy life again. The only downfall to this medicine is dry mouth, but rinsing after each dose will reduce the dry mouth significantly."
"This is the worst birth control I have ever been on! I am 31 years old and recently had the nexplanon removed. BIG MISTAKE!!! I never write reviews but this birth control is the DEVIL!! While on the nexplanon I never had cramps, bloating, breast tenderness, or horrible mood swings. Glidess I have all these symptoms plus paranoia, and depression. I have been taking these pills for a month and half and never have felt more insecure in my life. The weight gain is an issue as well, I gained 12 pounds within the 1st month. I realized that this birth control was making me feel crazy, anxious  and not myself so I made an app.t for my OBGYN for a better option. I cant wait to throw these pills down the drain. Hope this is helpful."
"The first time I took this (prescribed for obstructive sleep apnea) I thought &quot;wow, this is the answer!&quot; I was awake and alert but didn&#039;t feel drugged....I felt &quot;on the ball&quot; and I hadn&#039;t felt like that in forever. The second time I took it I felt extremely tired. I forced myself out of bed but felt extremely depressed and anxious. I took anther tablet not realizing I was having a negative reaction to this drug. I became so tired I stayed in bed all the next day. I felt disorientated and it was as if everything was in slow motion. I could not get out of bed and was more tired than I had ever been in my life. My heart beat was fast and it felt irregular. I started to have negative thoughts and hallucinations. Not good!!!"
"I am a pre-Diabetic and overweight. I needed to lose 65 pounds and failed after every single diet I tried. My doctor put me on Victoza and started me on 10 clicks a day and upped my dose every week until I reached 50 clicks on my Flex-pen (3 mg). 
At first I went through constant headaches and nausea in the morning when I took my dose at 9pm. I changed my dose time to 5pm and the nausea subsided after 8 weeks. My eating habits have changed (I&#039;m less hungry and eat less) and for the last 4 months I lost 15 pounds.
Look, this medication works, but you can make small changes week by week to the way you eat (I cut soda out all together by week 9). Victoza has changed my life."
"I started using Ortho Cyclen about 8 moths ago. In the beginning I was very nauseous but after a month or two I felt great. I have had no side effects. I love this pill. It works great. I have experienced once or twice vaginal dryness but it has cleared up. It has made my periods lighter but has not extended the days. I like it. I really recommend it."
"Strattera has changed my life, my relationships, and the way I feel about my self. This drug takes time to get into your system mine took about 2 months, with some uncomfortable side effects at first, but one you over come those this medicine truly works. The problem is most people just want to jump to the next drug. I feel like a normal human being I&#039;m no longer extremely reactive, irritable, irrational, and emotionally all over. I have found to be emotional yet stable (I&#039;m not just some zombie) I am not constantly making impulse decisions. I have improved my relationships with my family and friends and feel finally like my self and have control over my life. So great film and I hope many others find the same happiness. female 21"
"My original experience with Zoloft was over ten years ago, during a serious depressive episode - it seemed to be effective as a stabilizer.  This past December, a doctor prescribed it again to help pull me out of another down-turn.  Within the course of a month I progressed from severe depression to ultradian mood cycling, which resulted in a nervous breakdown.  The cycling abated within a couple weeks of discontinued treatment with Zoloft. "
"Absolute worst experience I&rsquo;ve had with birth control. I switched from Trinessa to Ashlyna because of my horrible cramps, very heavy bleeding, and broken out skin. I was told that Ashlyna would make it so I&rsquo;d only get my period every 3 months. I had my period for 6 months straight no breaks. I was also horribly depressed the entire time I was on this pill, and was ALWAYS exhausted considering how much I was bleeding. I finally returned to my doctor and she asked if I want to keep giving it a try?? After being on the pill from hell for a little over 6 months I immediately knew the answer was NO."
"I have been taking Topamax for 2 years now after trying many different medications.  Yes I got some of the side effect mainly thought process was slow and word confusion that was real frustrating it is worse under stress.  The all over tingling is not as bad anymore but not have headaches every day, you have to weigh you options."
"Linzess is awesome. I love it! I suffer from irritable bowel syndrome and chronic constipation, I have had for years and nothing worked. I have been miserable. I used to take zelnorm and it worked good and they took it off the market. My stomach felt like clogged pipes. I have tried everything. My doctor prescribed linzess to me yesterday. I took 1 last night at 9:30 and by 11:30 my stomach was churning and I got up and went to the bathroom and I totally cleaned out with no pain. I never want to be without this, it works. I have a waist line now. I give it a big 10. Thank you."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for 3 months now and I&#039;ve got to say its been pretty good. I am on 50mg a day and sometimes I skip because I&#039;m not so worried anymore. Really has helped out a lot. I&#039;m making friends."
"It has taken about 6 weeks for this medicine to work, the benefits have been subtle. I noticed that I have been able to do more, get out more and have even cut back on a dose of painkillers, my head is clearer - I just sort of feel different, not miraculously different or anything, but just more my normal self.

I am still severely allergic to the sun or any UV exposure and can be sick for days if I am not careful or if I do too much but I do believe the Plaquenil has helped and I have been on it for 2 months now so look forward to further benefits from this medicine.

Only side effects are erratic blood sugar, if I don&#039;t eat regularly I go hypo - badly hypo, although my doctor said he has never heard of this, so perhaps it isn&#039;t related."
"Have been prescribed 15mg Mirtazapine with Lamotrigine for severe Bipolar depression/Unipolar disorder   GAD. Just to say if you&#039;re taking this medication with another as I am, unwanted side effects may be greater. Restlessness in legs and arms, cold sweats, vivid nightmares/night terrors, no appetite, no mental stimulation/dullness. These unwanted side effects should weaken over time since this medication is still pretty new in my system. I wish LOTS of luck to those who are really trying to treat their depression (if you&#039;ve mentally been to Hell and back). You&#039;re not alone, look at all these reviews!"
"Took this medication four times for sinusitis and it works the best for me, I feel so much better within 24hrs, it&#039;s fast acting, the only side effect I experienced was a bad but tolerable metallic taste in my mouth."
"The pharmacy made an error last month, accidentally giving me Zarah vs. my regular Vestura.  I don&#039;t know what it is about this pill, but my body went haywire -- mood swings, swollen tender breasts, a few lbs. weight gain (even though I am on a strict 1500 diet that didn&#039;t change), fatigue, sensory changes (smell/taste).  My partner and I were both convinced I was pregnant until my period finally came!  On the plus side -- my skin looks amazing and no spotting like I get on Vestura..but these side effects are too much!"
"Been taking Benicar/HCT for several years now. It is a very effective antihypertensive in this combination. As they say, nothing in life is free. While it does a great job of lowering my blood pressure, I have experienced several bothersome side effects. These include lightheadedness, dizziness and sleepiness. The later may be due to the potent antihypertensive action of the combination. Tried cutting the pill in half, but since it is not scored, really don&#039;t know how much medicine I am getting in the split piece."
"I have had plaque psoriasis 25 years and have started  Taltz 1 year ago. It completely cleared my skin. I used Stelera for 5 years prior to Taltz, but still had some psoriasis left on my elbows and some spots on my lower body. I am able to wear the clothes I want at work in summer and wear swimsuits in the summer! My life is changed. I wear dresses with short sleeves with no tights! I don&#039;t have to wear cardigan/long pants in the summer! I thank Lilly company for producing the drug and thank the co-payment assisting program! Thank you so much!!"
"I&rsquo;ve taking Rexulti for two weeks as an add on to Vibryd. So far so excellent! Depression is gone, I have no words to express how good I feel. I only hope this medicine doesn&rsquo;t stop working. My life went from black and white to color."
"This is my first time in 12 years being on the pill.  I originally stopped taking birth control because I would get such bad headaches. 

-I&#039;m currently finishing up my first month. I can honestly say the only complaint I have is the break through bleeding and random cramps which started 2 1/2 weeks in. While I&#039;ve read it is normal due to hormones changing&amp; your body getting used to it, it is VERY inconvenient! It&#039;s been consistent &amp; heavy enough that I have to wear tampons. I&#039;ve read this can happen for the next few months-great, so not looking forward to non stop bleeding! 

-I did notice slightly fuller breasts.... Well at least my left one haha!

-I&#039;ve noticed I have more energy.

-Slightly irritable at times"
"I was given xanax for panic attacks. Worked great. 3 years later and I have a tolerance and feel withdrawal in between doses. I am miserable and worse than I started. Use caution! Wish I had known when I started them."
"I have been on Pristiq for about 14 days now...I love it ! I have NEVER been on any medications. I have 5 year old twins and felt tired, moody and couldn&#039;t wait until bed time. I am up early now and have the energy to deal with it all. I have noticed some weight loss, which I really don&#039;t need to lose any, but a few pounds would be nice. I only had side effects for a few days. My life is going great now."
"The first time I&#039;ve ever felt happy for real, no shadows, no zombiness. I have been on everything else, always just made me spacey or not care or short attention span. This drug is totally different. Slowly titrated from 2.5 to 15mg  and I seem stable now. It took a few months to get over initial nausea and lack of sleep, on and off sexual side effects. but now I feel totally normal and am enjoying life. I never thought I&#039;d say that and it sounds cheesy but its true, and it seriously works!"
"I was really sick and just having a hard time getting through the day. My doctor prescribed me Cedax which I have never heard of before and it is incredible. I was symptom free in just 3 days. I have taken Omnicef before and it is worthless compared to Cedax."
"I took this drug for three months and it worked wonderfully for the pain. However, after three months, I lost bowel control, which is a possible side effect."
"I&#039;ve had this medication twice now, once for BV and once for another illness. Even though it was effective in treating the infections, the pills had some very uncomfortable side effects including drowsiness, fatigue, upset stomach, and a dry cotten mouth with a horrible taste. I felt as though I had some sort of flu that would ease as each pill would wear off, but then I had to take another. I truly dreaded taking the next pill. I hope other people faired better."
"I was recommended the nexplanon after I was told I could no longer take the pill due to my history of blood clots. At first I thought, &quot;yay I can just have it in my arm and forget about it!&quot; Man was I wrong! My insertion was August 2015. I weighed 184 lbs after having my daughter and I weight 226 now. I had constant mood swings, feelings of depression, brain fog, constant fatigue, super bad acne, and I spotted ALL the time. I don&#039;t recommend this to anyone. I never had acne like this before now. I have always struggled with my weight but I was so fatigued all the time I had no motivation to get up and exercise. I ate pretty healthy but it didn&#039;t matter. Just getting up and going to work was a struggle. I just had it removed today!"
"I had the mirena inserted on 5/1/17, before been suggested by my doctor I was on a lupron injection, which was throwing my body into menopause , being I&#039;m only 38. My doctor highly suggested Mirena . It wasn&#039;t a bad experience having it placed. I spotted at insertion, no cramps. However the next day and every day since I&#039;ve had the worst cramps, I started spotting a week after insertion and haven&#039;t stopped, I&#039;ve also noticed I&#039;m starting to get acne . I see my doctor in three weeks, I&#039;m seriously considering getting it removed. I got it to keep from having the surgery of having the lining of my uterus abolished. Really considering the lupron injection again, no pain or bleeding with it. I don&#039;t want  the surgery , due to I&#039;m getting married"
"My Dr. prescribed this drug to lower my triglycerides. My numbers went from over 1400 down to 425 in three months. I continue to take this drug and have seen additional drop in my triglyceride numbers. I have had angioplasty with cardiac stent and diagnosed with CAD also Type 2 diabetic so I know the importance of getting my cholesterol under control. The drug is rather expensive though."
"I just started Zoloft 3 days ago and am encouraged by those of you who say the drowiness goes away after a while. I am on the one week prior to my period regime, due to PMDD. It is amazing already how calm and patient I am with my kids and husband. I had been on other meds in the past for depression, but hadn&#039;t taken anything in a few years. I have to say for the last post, the Yaz can make you depressed and gain weight. I would have just done the Zoloft. Loving the Zoloft. Excited to see how I feel when the side effects go away."
"I had Implanon inserted May 2010, immediately after high school.  I chose Implanon because I am quite forgetful and the thought of hassle free 3 year birth control was like heaven!  Side effects? Lighter period slight depression and moody but nothing serious! Other than that the Implanon is perfect! I&#039;ve had it removed today and I&#039;m considering an alternate method for birth control.  ONLY because I don&#039;t want the implant for another 3yrs, yes you can have it removed before then but I want to go through the process again."
"I&#039;ve been taking Atenolol for years, and though it worked fairly well sometimes, now it&#039;s pretty useless.  I get a migraine every other day.  Nothing has changed in my habits.  It&#039;s 31 years of migraine and no sign of it slowing down.  Already been through the menopause."
"Four years ago, I used Zyclara for two weeks, took a two week break, and continued the second cycle for one week.  During the first cycle, I experienced flu like symptoms and the open sores.  I had to wear band aids on my face to hide the sores and it was very uncomfortable.  However, within 3-4 months, I received numerous comments about my skin and how healthy it looked.  

I applied a second dose a year ago to isolated areas and did not have any of the severe issues from the first time.  My dermatologist recommended stopping the treatment at the first sign of open sores or major irritation, but I never had to follow that advice.  Although the first application results were extreme and unexpected, I am glad that I did it."
"This my second round with Phentermine.  I tried it a couple of years ago and lost 20 pounds and have kept it off.  I decided I needed to lose 20 more, so I&#039;m back on it as of yesterday.  I&#039;m already down 2 pounds!   My appetite is virtually gone!  I feel really good and have so much energy!  The only down side is insomnia, but I can live with that as long as I&#039;m getting great results!"
"I&#039;m reading all of your reviews please stay strong and believe in this drug. I was one of the first people on it. I started out on low doses, my Dr slowly worked me up to the max of 100 mg 2x a day. It has been a life saver for me. I am suffering from other problems now, my fibromyalgia had become? Lupus 4 years ago. And I fear it is progressing to even worse. Savella helps. I had to miss 2 doses for a procedure and thought I was going to die from the pain."
"I&#039;ve been on Topamax for 2 weeks now after switching from Elavil. Now I&#039;m seriously questioning that decision despite the problems Elavil caused me. The insomnia is outrageous. I have to set an alarm to take my morning dose at 5 a.m. so that my evening dose can be taken around 3 p.m. This way it&#039;s effects have kind have faded off by bedtime and with the help of some prescribed sleeping pills I&#039;m lucky to get a tiny bit of sleep. Of course, along with that I have tingling, slight numbness (not enough to even complain about), dizziness, decreased appetite, taste aversion, and weight loss of course. I haven&#039;t had too many experiences with confusion yet. On a positive note, my migraines haven&#039;t returned."
"Have been taking 1.25mg Glyburide tablet twice a day for the past 2 years. I am not on a strict diet, but my food intake now includes a lot of non-starchy vegetables such as broccoli and dark greens (all types) and unsalted nuts and legumes. I also stopped drinking sodas and now drink plenty of water. This combined with an hour of aerobic exercise 4 days per week has decreased body weight by 50 lbs, and lowered my cholesterol and blood pressure too. Exercising and losing the weight especially around my tummy area really made a big difference as my body is able to process the medicine and food more efficiently.  I haven&#039;t experienced any adverse effects from this drug, but then again I take the lowest dosage possible."
"I just switched to Prozac and it is a life changer! I am no longer tired and my anxiety is controlled.  Day 4 for now, and I feel 100% better than a month ago...."
"I do really like this pill and the fact that my periods went from super heavy lasting maybe 2 weeks to light lasting a couple days.  What I don&#039;t like is I&#039;m more moody, emotional, have had many episodes of heart palpitations and feel like I&#039;m having anxiety attacks. I think I&#039;m going to get off this pill. Good luck and I hope it works well for all!"
"Tessalon has been extremely effective in controlling a cough and starts working immediately. This med is wonderful."
"I&#039;ve been taking trazodone 50 mg, as prescribed by my doctor for both depression and minor insomnia, for about three weeks now. She said it would affect my dream state.. that it would make my dreams nicer. It definitely has effected them, in that they&#039;ve been totally crazy and all over the place! Not necessarily bad but there is a lot of action happening in my subconscious, sometimes I wake up in a cold sweat because it can be pretty stressful. I was wondering if anyone else has experienced this with trazodone? I take it about an hour before bed. Very groggy in the morning if I get up before 10, hoping I&#039;ll get used to it? I&#039;m a 24 yr old healthy female."
"Had it for 2 months (had to get it removed because it was sitting too low). Loved it while I was in. Insertion was very painful but it did not hurt the week after. Period was heavy for the first 3 days and I had to use a super jumbo tampon and pad. However, my once serious menstural cramps were completely gone (no midol needed). Would recommend to a friend. Wish it didn&#039;t sit low would have kept it in forever. Don&#039;t be discouraged by the negative reviews."
"I have been on Savella for over a month and have found it to be the most effective medication yet for fibromyalgia.  I also take Neurontin and meloxicam, and the combination of the three keeps me almost completely free of pain.  No more brain fog, no more mornings where I can&#039;t get out of bed or days where I have to go home at noon because I can&#039;t function.  I was worried that I would have to give up my management job due to this sickness, but if things keep going like they are now, I will be able to keep on working.  Constipation, cold sweats are annoying, but not debilitating like the pain.  First week I experienced anxiety and unnecessary worrying (I&#039;m not a worrier normally). Thanks!"
"I was prescribed 14 tablets of clarithromycin for a painful tonsil infection/ tonsillitis. I&#039;m on day 5 of takin the pills and my infection was cleared up on day 4. It was effective in destroying the bacterial agent but there are side effects. Bloating and gassyness, diarrhea, adrenaline rushes and insomnia. I&#039;ve been hyperactive late on the night and barely slept the past 3 days."
"I have been taking Paxil for the past 5 years and it makes me feel great I do not get any anxiety attacks since I started one thing that helps me is the support of my husband and exercise and good eating habits. Theses things assist with living a more richer and happier life. I do not intend on stopping because the good out ways the bad."
"Amazing! Made my periods lighter and almost nonexistent, and the time in between them is about 45 days. No side effects at all."
"I&#039;ve had myofacial pain syndrome/fibromyalgia for 16 years. Been taking 10 mg oxycontin 3 x/day and 15 mg roxycodone 4x per day. Physician dosed only 18 mg 2x/day. I could feel some pain relief, but lasted only 4-5 hours and I was dizzy the whole month. As dose wasn&#039;t high enough, I had to use all my &quot;rainy day&quot; meds saved over time to compensate. Reps need to help physicians better understand the dosing procedure.   I too will ask to go back on traditional meds. 

Also, eating a &quot;high fat&quot; meal first thing in morning is really difficult to face. (Per package insert, high fat meal increases some of the chemicals associated w/ maximizing relief)"
"I had this IUD for about 5 months. I experienced the worst cramping of my life with this IUD, at times nearly bringing me to tears. I would have cramping with things like working out and after intercourse, and also at random times. These cramps were completely debilitating. I also continued to have my period every month, as well as spotting. It seemed as though the spotting was starting to get better, but the intense, severe cramping persisted so my GYN agreed that it should be removed. Now I&#039;m trying mini pills. I&#039;m unable to use estrogen containing birth control due to a blood clot while on combo pill."
"Noticed a big difference with the first dose. Most medicines have made no difference. Anxious to pick up my script for continued use until I have my hip replacement."
"I am 56 years old, and my periods stopped 18 months ago.  Over the past 6 months I began suffering from vaginal dryness and tightness, which resulted in painful intercourse, even when using a lubricant.  After using Premarin vaginal cream for just one week, vaginal dryness and tightness was significantly reduced and there was no pain during intercourse. I&#039;ve now reduced Premarin cream usage to just two times per week, and I&#039;m continuing to feel the benefits.  I haven&#039;t felt any side effects."
"I took Lysteda 2 pills 3x a day for 5 days and my period was much lighter.  Extremely lighter.  But then I got another period for another 5 days after no flow for 4 days and now I am having a third period this month. They are all lighter and more manageable but who wants to bleed for 15  days of the month.  I am planning to try it again next month to see if my body just needed to get use to it but this month wasn&#039;t what I was expecting."
"This is my second week on Contrave.  I just upped my dosage yesterday to 2 pills daily.  So far, so good.  I have noticed that I don&#039;t focus on food as much.  I&#039;m not constantly thinking what can I eat, when can I eat, what do I want ALL the time anymore.  It has really curbed my appetite and in fact, I remembered today at 3:00pm that I haven&#039;t eaten lunch and I was just starting to actually get a little hungry!  It&#039;s been a long time since I let my stomach decide it was time to eat instead of my mind.  I&#039;m hoping to lose 50-60 lbs. with healthy eating, exercise and Contrave.  I finally feel like I&#039;m not in this battle alone.  I&#039;ve also noticed an increase in energy, but it doesn&#039;t make me jittery and I am very sensitive to most all meds."
"I&#039;m a college student, but ever since high school I&#039;ve been suffering from depression and anxiety. Once I started taking Lexapro my senior year of high school it immediately helped with the depression immensely. I was less irritable and not so emotional all the time but as for the anxiety, it only helped very little. Right now, my anxiety is through the roof and I find myself stressing over every little thing. A lot of the times on the verge of tears. So for depression, Lexapro&#039;s an 8, but for anxiety I can only rank it about a 4."
"Improved patient compliance."
"Chronic neck spasms and resulting headaches as well as sinus headaches.  Works fairly well if taken ASAP.  The caffiene content can keep you awake though."
"I take this medication at night before bed and i wake up in a great mood. I feel more alert and i am able to control my emotions better.."
"I have been on Belviq for eight months and have lost 59 pounds. Obviously my weight loss has been dramatic with little or no side effects. I am so pleased with the results of this medication."
"I took the Suprep at 6 PM. It&#039;s now nearly 9 PM and NOTHING has happened! Have a call into my MD. I thought the taste was awful and had a hard time getting the additional 32 ounces down."
"I was prescribed Klonopin for anxiety several months ago. The dose was 0.5 mg up to twice daily.  Never having had it, I quartered a 0.5 mg tablet first dose. Seemed okay until a few hours later and I began coughing like mad. I have asthma.  Klonopin made me cough and increased the thickness of the mucus in my lungs until it was almost impossible to cough it up.  Just to be SURE it was the Klonopin and not something else, I have given it two other tries 1/4 of a 0.5 mg tablet.  Each time the same results.  I looked it up and &quot;cough&quot; is the 2nd most common side effect. FYI Naproxen and ibuprofen have the same effect on me."
"Made me vomit up to three times a day on random days .. Up to the third month. Gave me horrible nightmares every night not one missed starting last month. Love working out don&#039;t have energy to do it anymore. Sleep way too much 13 hours or more a day with naps. Depression before I went to sleep sometime I would cry my eyeballs out. Did not gain weight on it and I have the most amazing skin you can think of  and period for only two days. Let&#039;s weight this out here, NO Can&#039;t do it. Switching to mini pills!"
"I was on the shot for 2 years and 6 months. My first 6 months on the shot I bleed lightly but nonstop. After that I did not have a period for the 2 years. I gained 40  pounds and experienced major emotional side effects. I did not get pregnant on the shot because mainly my sex drive is nonexistant and I am so tired all the time. I have also believed this shot has messed with my blood sugar and blood pressure. I am ending my shot because of all the side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on brintellix for about 4 weeks now, my doctor had me cut the pill in half and take it with my 100mg of Pristiq. I feel that this medicine has cut the bad days down from five days to 3 so its working. I haven&#039;t had any side effects at all."
"In reading through these reviews I really was very skeptical. But.. After close to 1 month I actually have the feeling as described &quot;the veil has lifted&quot; I really feel better!! The increased hunger has subsided, I did cope with that by eating lots of oranges and apples(very filling)! I sleep good and I wake up feeling rested. So... please do not give up.It does work. Concentrate on the good, not the side effects."
"They are great for immediate relief"
"I&#039;ve been a chronic pain patient for about ten years. Tried Vicodin, Percocet, Fentanyl and Tramadol separately and combined with just marginal results. My body always felt off taking these meds. Stomach issues, aches that weren&#039;t there before. The best results I&#039;ve got with pills, was Suboxone or Subutex and felt good about the opportunity to FINALLY try Butrans patches. 
The 10mcg Butrans patch really made a positive difference with my body chemistry.  No problems with the adhesive, no weird body feelings, just sweet relief. 
When I forgot to change the patch after seven days and the medication wore off ... I could really feel what the Butrans patch was doing for me."
"I was given a prescription to this type of birth control after another was not strong enough.
This type of birth control was awful for my body though. Even though my period synced up with no breakthrough bleeding, I was losing lots of hair and growing dark hair in places that I never have before- chest, chin, etc. There were no other stressors that could have caused this as I was out of school for summer. I wanted to stay on it for 3 months, but I saw that My hair was becoming very thin. I got off of this quickly after a little over 3 months"
"I have been on so many different drugs for my RA, this one has been the best one yet.  I do have insurance, but the cost with insurance is still very high ($1000) a month.  My doctors office helped me to help from Xeljanz to pick up the difference."
"I was on it for 1-2 months. My period reduced to 2 days with spotting for 5 days. I went from being a nice,  timid person to getting angry for no reason towards my partner &amp; friends. I almost quit my job every time I showed up to work. I was tired ALL the time. Backed out of important social engagements. It made my anxiety uncontrollable which made me depressed. I don&#039;t recommend this to anyone who has had previous anxiety/depression. It gave me crippling back pain, which I could barely roll out of bed. I got exceptionally hungry to. I&#039;ve been off it for 6 months now. My sex life &amp; drive is still almost non-existent. Sex is painful, I bleed after sex. Drs don&#039;t tell you about any of this &amp; have no clue how to fix it"
"Last month, my doctor asked me to take TA for a week (2-500g/day) in order to stop my abnormal uterine bleeding. It did relieved my symptom. I am 35 years old and my period has been on a regular 28-day cycle apart from that one episode last month. What concerns me now is that my period has been late for 4 days. It&#039;s still too early to tell if it&#039;s a side effect of the med I took. All I can do at the moment is to wait for a few more days to be sure before I report back to my doctor. :("
"It is incredible. It really makes a difference to your skin. Yes it gets worse before it gets better, but once you get past the painful stage of breakouts, all you see week by week is improvement! I highly recommend it to those with severe acne. Before you know it, your skin will be perfect!"
"Using it for pain - I had suffered from daily lumbar and leg pain for over 2 years.  Suboxone has been the only medication I have been on that both reduces my pain and has no severe side effects.  It has greatly increased my quality of life."
"My husband has ADD, and it really took a toll on our relationship.  He was originally on Vyvanse, but it suppressed his appetite horribly.  It didn&#039;t do enough in ratio to the side effects, so he decided to try Strattera.

So far, it&#039;s been working decently.  His main problem, however, is being able to urinate freely.  I bought him Urinozinc Prostate Formula, and literally the first pill he took, he was able to urinate much more easily.  Conversely, when he forgot a pill the other day, he noticed an immediate difference, and struggled to urinate.  The supplement has allowed him to stay on Strattera.

I note this stuff, as I have read that this is a common issue for men taking Strattera.  Hope this helps others."
"Had operation on back lower back pain continually lyrica has made a difference the only side effect is all dizziness"
"I had a very bad sinus infection and was treated with Bactrim. That didn&#039;t work so my ENT prescribed Cipro. Yes, it&#039;s a strong drug but within 2 days I felt better. And let me tell you, I was very sick. I don&#039;t have any side effects yet, it&#039;s been four days (2x day). I want to recommend to folks who are looking at everyone&#039;s comments that most people who have had good experience with this drug don&#039;t post anything. So make your own decisions and don&#039;t be dissuaded from trying this drug."
"This was the first birth control I was on. I was on it for 2 years. I didn&#039;t have any extremely terrible side effects and the birth control did what it&#039;s intended to do, PREVENT BABIES. I did experience increased discharge, extreme lack of sex drive, and extreme fatigue. It didn&#039;t make me nauseous or vomit. I recently switched to the Nexplanon and will never go back to the pill!"
"I have had about four cold sores a year throughout my teens and through my twenties. My dentist had a Sitavig poster in his office and gave me a prescription when I asked about it. I got a cold sore over 4th of July while at the beach and quickly applied Sitavig. I didn&#039;t have any issues with tablet in my gum and was still able to eat and drink throughout the day. Best part was I didn&#039;t get a blister and haven&#039;t had one since. Copay for two tablets was $35 which I thought was fair for two treatments."
"Gone ate daily headaches,  skin has cleared up, stabbing pains in hips and lower back are gone, restless leg syndrome gone, pins and needles in feet gone, muscle pain in legs from a daily seven on the pain scale to a two. Foggy brain very much improved. Severe fatigue almost non-existent. I&#039;m exercising for the first time in two years and very grateful."
"Nov. 2012 I had a double lung transplant. July 2014 I was told I had prostate cancer (this after several PSA&#039;s that never dropped below 4. My last was in the high thirties and I had had 3 biopsies). Had a radical surgery in November which included nerve scraping and removal of 11 lymph nodes. Post surgery I had no radiation but did have the long term Lupron injections twice. I was cancer free for a year and now it is back. Started Lupron again and the side effects are already out in full force (after 4 days). Because of my compromised immune system and the medications I must take for life and kidney issues as a result of the lung transplant I worry that the Lupron will not work. What would be an alternative treatment?"
"61 year old male - just an amazing medicine - 5 mg daily - I can have a good erection for sex almost every day, something that I haven&#039;t had in 25 years!  Highly recommended, especially after all of the other medicines that I took didn&#039;t work."
"I had nexplanon inserted almost 2 years ago.  At first,  it was fantastic.  Took ALL the pain away from my periods, that used to be so bad I would be vomiting from the pain. Periods were semi normal at first,  but lighter.  Now, however every period is heavier and heavier, and lasting longer than the last. Up to 6 weeks.  It is beyond difficult to not leak onto clothes, and everything what.  I will be making an appointment asap to have it removed for the inconvenience. However,  not taking the pill every day,  is awesome."
"I had paragard for a year and a half and had cramping the whole time with terrible long heavy periods.  The last couple months I had it I was in so much pain I could hardly walk. Went to my doc and she said nothing seemed wrong.  Then the next day I went to the ER and had it removed. It had slipped a little and was causing a lot of discomfort. I will never get an IUD again. I&#039;m lucky I didn&#039;t need surgery like some women"
"This was the worst I wouldn&#039;t give this to my dog. I was given this to treat Bipolar II when I was 22. It screwed with my sugar system, kept me near comatose and gave me tics that thankfully went away when I stopped taking it.  I would never take this again."
"It&#039;s May 13 the 2017 I&#039;m in my second week of contrave, so I now take 2 pills a day I go to 3 pills for week 3.  I am a 53 yr old male, I started with a weight of 276 after 2 full weeks I&#039;m at 266. The scaledown program is absolutely great. I weigh every morning the scale sends a cellular signal through my phone to scaledown, they then send me a text to monitor my progress. They give me advise and encouragement. Really beneficial. I sure hope this continues to work for me, I&#039;m really tired of hearing the words morbidly obese!! Only downside is occasionally feeling nauseated, dizzy, mild headaches, but nothing I can&#039;t tolerate. And of course the cost, since my insurance Will not cover the medication my cost is $90 for a month supply."
"BE CAREFUL!!  After being on Ortho Evra for 2  years my insurance switched me to Xulane and I got pregnant within the second month of being on it.  My periods were consistent while I was on Ortho, but when I switched to Xulane they became very spotty/unpredictable, not to mention the bloating and cramping I felt.I was on my 3rd month before I realized I was pregnant.  Even though my insurance covered part of the Ortho, I still had to pay $50, with Xulane it was completely free.  But now we know why, you get what you pay for."
"I&#039;d been taking Pristiq, but it killed my libido.  Since taking Viibryd, my depression is gone and my libido has returned to its normal self.  "
"I used to wear a sweater every day over my shirts and the sweat stains would still show through.  4 years later I finally went to my doctor and was told to try drysol.  I used it a couple of times a week and saw immediate improvement.  After finishing one bottle of it, I never had to buy it again because it had completely solved my problem.  It has been 2 years since I first used drysol and I have been dry ever since.  If you want a permanent solution, I would strongly recommend this life changing product."
"1900hrs. first dose.( could taste better! but found it easier to get down the colder it was )  40 mins later  blast off. Then every 30mins. or so back on the loo. 12:45am next morning chanced going to bed for a few hrs. Big mistake! ,02.30am rush to loo and afterwards hand wash bed linen - I recommend putting some towel in your bed!! ):  Stayed up after that as had to take second dose at 4:00am. All in all I must have visited the loo about 10 or 12 times ( stayed on it from 4:15am to 6:00am ). At hospital 08:00am and had the procedure . Did not want any pain relief as did not want to have to wait until next day to drive ( although they did put needle in back of hand just in case ) but was pretty much pain free. Hope this helps those about to take the plunge (:"
"I have been on this medicine for just over a year now and I call it my &#039;life saver&#039;. I was covered to 90% of my body and was getting to the point of not going out anymore. Within a couple of months the change was so noticeable that my friends and family were noticing and commenting on how good I was looking.  This past fall, I joined an aqua-fit group. I&#039;ve had absolutely no side effects, that is except for better self-confidence, better outlook, more outgoing and so much happier."
"Over the last few weeks, I&#039;ve been struggling with nasal congestion on and off with the rapid changes of weather we have been experiencing in Texas. I figured that by drinking plenty of non-caffeinated fluids (i.e. mostly water, herbal teas, etc), my condition would go away on its own. I do not believe in using medicines to solve small problems like headaches and colds, but with only hours to spare before a presentation at work I gave in and tried Sinex. 

I have never had such a quick turn-around from not being able to breathe through my nose at all to having near perfect breathing in a matter of seconds. My family has stood by Vicks products for years and I most certainly can and will recommend Sinex Spray as a solution to nasal congestion."
"Very bad experience with this drug...i gained a lot of weight...also it killed my libido!!!!"
"I took Aviane for 4 years and never gained weight. Worked wonders for me!"
"I started taking Zoloft when I was 16. I was sent to the hospital twice for suicidal actions and my doctors upped my initial dose from 25mg to 200mg. I was supposed to go up to 300mg but I was really sick of the dosage being upped and nothing happening. To be completely honest, it took 2-3 months to kick in for me. I&#039;ve been diagnosed with psychotic depression/possibly schizophrenia spectrum. Now that the medicine has had some time to work into my system, I&#039;ve felt much better. Not 100% my old self, but capable of functioning and taking care of myself. I wasn&#039;t able to get out of bed for days on end at my worst. The side effects are totally manageable and worth it. My psychosis apparently calms down when I&#039;m feeling less down which is a relief."
"Sugars are running 120. Have to be careful though. I have had them drop as low as 73. Have been on Bydureon for 3 months now. Lost little weight. Appetite is completely gone. Probably wouldn&#039;t eat at all, unless I didn&#039;t have to take other medicine. Have found that the bumps go away better if you shot in your legs and mix the solution together for about 10 minutes. Still have bumps in stomach from 3 months ago. Hope they will go away over time. Every once in awhile I have a bad reaction at the injection site. Inching and little pain. Usually goes away in 4 days. The price could&#039;ve been cheaper to start with. Was paying full price. Insurance finally picked up and I&#039;m now paying $74 a month for it. Also taking metformin 2 times a day 500mg each time."
"I have been on the same dose of tapentadol and tramadol for 2 years for atypical trigeminal neuralgia with no development of tolerance. Limited gastrointestinal side effects and no CNS side effects. The medication has not lost any efficacy and has been more effective for my pain than Duragesic (fentanyl) 25mcg patches. With the Nucynta savings program I pay only $25 a month for 120 tablets."
"Recently started treatment for Irritable Bowel Syndrome. The Doctor is indeed highly experienced. On medication thrice daily since 2 weeks now. Only issue is drowsiness, don&#039;t feel like getting up from bed, even feel like sleeping during day time, only physical activity then can keep me awake but still drowsiness lingers on."
"This medication works well for my symptoms, but almost all generic versions contain too much lactose! I have terrible  gaseous bloating from it which is only alleviated if I take a large amount of lactase enzyme at the same time.  "
"My daughter used Enbrel for one month. We were given a free sample, it worked within three weeks, but we cannot afford to continue using enbrel, our insurance will not cover it. Now my daughter has the sores back and is close to losing her job because of those sores."
"I can honestly say that Vyvanse changed my life. Was diagnosed with ADD at age of 35; my quality of life has improved dramatically with Vyvanse. I sometimes feel as if I should be a spokesperson for this as I rave about how much it has helped me. "
"I commenced Celebrex 100mgs twice a day following shoulder surgery. Aided freer movement but causing increased restlessness and reflux."
"I started my 12 week regimen of Zepatier the beginning of April. As of the beginning of April, I have known I have had Genotype 1 (I think) for about 4 years untreated. Also at this time I have had complete sobriety from all mind and mood altering substances including marijuana and alcohol for 19 consecutive months. After my first four weeks of medication (28 doses), I was instructed by my doctor to get bloodwork done. After 4 weeks and 28 doses, my hep c was negative. As far as side effects, I experienced slight fatigue during my first week of treatment but that subsided. I am now into my 9th week of the treatment and am having no adverse effects to the medication at all. Definitely worth it."
"This drug works so fast, I had my migraine gone in 15 minutes. It&#039;s fabulous!"
"Had kidney stone and given a Zofran prescription to take home for nausea - it only made it worse.  Every time I took it I found myself more nauseous after only 1/2 hour.  I chose to stop and had my doctor switch me to a different drug.  I think some people&#039;s systems are more sensitive to it than others, especially if they are taking pain medications with the Zoran."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE this medicine!  I was apprehensive at first because of all the side effect horror stories, but at the end of my rope with around 15-17 bad migraines per month.  Sometimes I would have them 10 days in a row and my insurance would not pay for enough Imitrex, then I would run out and just suffer for days. Side effects were so bad the first week I almost quit:  dizzy, complete &quot;weirdness&quot;, inability to handle more than one task at a time, anxiety, spacing out and forgetting things, etc.  And I still got migraines. It was a little scary.  On day 8 I took a leap of faith, increased my dose (as per the doctors orders) and the side effects all but went away, as did the migraines.  Life is better now."
"On the third pill I experienced very severe diarrhea which caused me to discontinue the medication.  I am still experiencing the diarrhea even though I have been off the medicine for a few days.  Also experiencing malaise and fatigue."
"I have a spinal cord injury &amp; have been taking methadone for nerve pain &amp; oxycodone for hip pain, over 15 years. Had been using miralax but not as effective as I would like. Doc recommended movantik, I figured it couldn&#039;t hurt to try it. Was I ever wrong. The warnings about methadone users is very accurate. Within 2 hrs I was doubled over in pain, in the bathroom nearly 2 hrs while my body cleared out. To the point of practically urinating from my butt. It was excruciating,  cramps, nausea, severe sweating &amp; had a pressure in my head for about 6 hours. I was very ill &amp; out of it. I was extremely afraid, pain was so severe I thought something was wrong, was considering going to the ER but couldn&#039;t get off the toilet. I think this med is dangerous."
"I have been taking Topamax for 6 years.  It was originally prescribed when I experienced a major change in my migraines at age 46.  The migraines have been controlled; I only have had one every 2-3 months.  Before Topamax I was having migraines twice a week.  (Imitrex is great, but taking it so often was frightening.)  I have had kidney stones (wasn&#039;t drinking enough water), difficulty finding words, memory problems, fatigue.  My goal is to reduce my dependence on this drug by increasing my overall health and fitness with better eating habits, exercise, and stress reduction."
"Have been on Xarelto for 9 months.. no real adverse effects.. only confusing thing is I do not bleed when cut.. or bruise when bumped.. I have asked the mfg so many times to explain this.. and no one answers me.. my INR is a (1). When I ask my Doctor, he tells me don&#039;t worry it&#039;s working."
"I have had mirena for 2 years now, and I can say that its the best birth control. I had minor cramping and bleeding when it was implanted. Nothing major. I love knowing its in there and I don&#039;t have to remember to take anything. I have no periods, maybe one really light one every 8 months, I do have breast tenderness and sometimes minor cramps. I plan on having one more child within two years which I will get it taken out. It was a one time cost and nothing monthly. My insurance did cover it so I only paid 35$ co-pay. But I would have paid the full price for sure. Hope this helps!!"
"I took Monistat 3 last night, the first vaginal suppository and I did not experience any painful burning or irritation. And this morning I feel a better already."
"I had no issues with it.. going to replace it in a few months!"
"It helps me, but I wish it could help a little more."
"I get severe bronchitis at least once a year with vomiting and sleepless nights. I&#039;ve tried Robitussin with Codeine, but it didn&#039;t help at all. Two years ago, my doctor finally prescribed Tussionex, and it works so well. I have bronchitis now, and came back from a miserable trip without this medicine. I&#039;ve taken it tonight, and already feel so much better. I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs a cough medicine at night to help them sleep."
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for 9 months. I&#039;m pretty satisfied with it now, but at first I had major side effects. The first month was awesome. Every thing  went great! My period was so much lighter, but it lasted 6 days( which is not normal for me) After the first month, I started getting migraines. I got a yeast infection from it, which was hell. And for two months I was getting my periods twice a month. I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain. My boobs haven&#039;t gotten bigger. And I haven&#039;t developed any mood swings or depression. I would recommend this product. It prevents pregnancy pretty well. And I get my period on time every time, and I like that. and it&#039;s affordable."
"18 year old female and have been on it for 5 months. Just recently quit taking it and had horrid withdrawal symptoms. I don&#039;t recommend quitting cold turkey. Talk to the doctor and formulate a titration schedule to wean yourself off. Worked to help lessen my depression, though I am not sure it helped as much as Prozac did."
"I get a couple UTI&#039;s a year. I always take Macrobid. If I take 10-20 billion probiotics 2 hours after taking the Macrobid, I&#039;m fine. No yeast infections or nausea. You must replenish your flora after each pill. It is a must! When I didn&#039;t, I used to have all the bad symptoms you read about. Even after my course is done I continue to take the probiotics for another week or more."
"My vagina feels like it&#039;s on fire! It&#039;s 15 minutes after I inserted the medication. I feel as if there is a blowtorch under my self. The itching is horrendous! Like 2,000,000 fire ants are down there. It&#039;s driving me insane! How can you fall asleep with this pain!"
"Hemiplegic Cerebral Palsy: My son is 8 years old and has started taking Intuniv for his behavior, concentration and mood swings. He does have CP. He has never been diagnosed with ADHD so that concerned me when the neurologist wanted to put him on Intuniv. He&#039;s taking 1mg at night and I have to tell you he is a new boy! He&#039;s cooperative, sleeping well and he is doing better in class."
"I suffered from mild/persistent acne, which only got worse when I started college due to the anxiety and stress. The break outs become more frequent as the years went by, so I decided to see a dermatologist. I was first prescribed a treatment of facial cleansers, which worked for awhile, but my acne eventually came back. Then my dermatologist decided to put me on on Claravis (accutane). The first 2 months were hell, due to the extremely dry/sensitive skin. I suffered cuts daily and shaving became torture, I almost quit on the treatment. However, I turned a corner around the start of month 3 and haven&#039;t looked back. My treatment lasted 5 months, and since ending it in October 2016 my skin has been completely clear."
"I have been taking this birth control for about 2 months now and I am absolutely loving it. Seems like my perfect fit pill. Although I know everyone is different, I have experienced nothing but good. My breasts have definitely gotten bigger, and my sex drive has increased, never have I had a problem with dryness, etc. I&#039;ve never had acne, but I have noticed that my skin had cleared up. Lighter and shorter periods, not pregnant yet, so it&#039;s doing its job. No mood swings. Got it from planned parenthood."
"I have had Mirena for about 3 years now and the only good thing about it is that it&#039;s pretty much 100% effective and I don&#039;t have periods anymore.  BUT sex is sometimes extremely painful, my boyfriend can sometimes feel the strings poking him and it&#039;s uncomfortable to him.  I cramp on and off all the time.  I feel that I have become moodier and I have developed a bad attitude because of this IUD, but I could be wrong.  I had Mirena put in when I was 16, told my mom it was to help my irregular periods but truthfully I wanted it for birth control.  The procedure was one of the most painful things I had ever experienced in my entire life.  I bled for four months straight afterward.  I am considering having it removed soon."
"I am 22 years old, no children. I have been using Nuvaring for approximately 2 1/2 years. I LOVE IT. I have never had an issue with weight gain or acne. It is very easy to remember, just a reminder on my phone twice a month. Once to take it out, and a week later to replace it with a new one. The changing process is not gross or uncomfortable. Very mild cramping when it is period week, but the periods only last 2-3 days. I would recommend it to anyone I know."
"I have been on Focalin XR 10 mg for a week now and it seems to be pretty good. I have ADHD/ADD and I was on Vyvanse but it made me very moody and also made me drop 20 pounds in two months. Also noticed impulses on that medication. Focalin seems to be different I feel a bit zombish but I feel its not an issue. And I also have somewhat of an appetite. I feel much more focused."
"I have only taken the 14 day supply, two pills left and I have lost a total of 12lbs so far. This is without exercise but I do plan on incorporating this now that the lightheadness is gone. I drink plenty of water with this pill I started this on Aug the 25th so I say they work for me. So imagine when I work out wow."
"I was given this in an IV (along with Benadryl) in the ER when I had a horrible migraine. The nurse said it would make me tired when she gave it to me at 4 pm. Well I was tired for about 3 min. then the &quot;fun&quot; began. Like the other poster, I started to feel extremely anxious. I kept tossing and turning in the bed because I felt like I wanted to crawl out of my skin. I had to wait for 2 IV bags to finish before they would let me leave. When I got home I was exhausted but at the same time could not sit still to save my life. I had that &quot;wanting to crawl out of my skin&quot; feeling all night as I paced the house exhausted. I was finally able to fall asleep at 5 am. The next day I was really shaky and still a little bit anxious. "
"It helped with flare ups from Rosacea, cooled it down. "
"Has worked well, but do have the dizzy feeling if I get up to fast! Dropped blood pressure by 40 points within 1st day of taking it!"
"I have been on Victoza for a little over two weeks now.  This is miracle medicine.  My appetite is greatly diminished.  I started with 0.6mg for 2 weeks and then increased my dose to 1.2mg 3 nights ago.  I can only eat a small portion before feeling completely full.  My last 2 fasting blood sugars have been in the 70&#039;s.  I have lost 8 pounds in two weeks.  The side effects have been very mild for me.  Very little nausea at first, none now.  Some diarrhea and cramping though. Not sure if this is due to the Metformin I have been on for about a month now.  I would highly recommend this medicine especially for anyone who wants to lose the weight.  So far the benefits highly outweigh the risks."
"Be careful when using ativan.  Do not take doses more than 1 or 2 mg.  It is easy to get carried away and addicted to Ativan.  I find that it is a very effective treatment for anxiety when the RECOMMENDED DOSES are used though though."
"I&#039;m 57 and got herpes 35 years ago when I was cheating on my wife. I find that the meds work in 3 days if you take it at the very first sign."
"My Migraine headache started when I was 16 or 17 years old. Now, I am 53 years old. I have migraine headache about once a week unless when I am on vacation. Usually, I have them on Monday afternoons because it&#039;s the first day of the work and I think my eyes get tired or maybe I have more stress. But, I can get Migraine for the number of reasons. Last night, for first time I used Imitrex. I had awful feelings. I cannot describe them but after couple hours my migraine was gone. I got very sleepy but it felt very good. The best part is that the next day I had no headache either. Because my headaches usually takes 2 days to go away. I hope that it works next week as well."
"I never had any problems. Best one I&#039;ve taken."
"Clonazepam is very effective in controlling agitation and providing much needed rest for bipolar disorder. It takes away the racing thoughts and irritability associated with mania. I also suffer from very intense anxiety and 1mg to 2mg/day allow me to be functional without clouding my mind. I prefer Klonopin to Xanax or Ativan because it lasts longer (up to 12 hours) and I don&#039;t feel the craving between doses. Withdrawal from clonazepam is not as hard as some people say, it must be gradual. If that doesn&#039;t work, ask your physician to switch clonazepam to its equivalent in diazepam. I found it easier to reduce my clonazepam doses from 3mg/day to 1mg than to stop taking 200mg quetiapine/day."
"I&#039;m a 31yr old female, 5&#039;4, 115lbs. I was 1st prescribed adderall in 2012, so I&#039;ve taken it about 3 1/2 yrs. within that time there&#039;s ben a few situations that forced me 2 go with out meds for a week or more, which reminded me how much it helps! Without it I could sleep 18hrs for days &amp; still be wanting 2 sleep an hr or so after getting up! I can sleep while taking it, but don&#039;t have the strong compulsion to. The first day taking it I&#039;ve learned 2 only take half bc if not it feels like I&#039;m on cocaine, even after just a week of not having it. But the 2nd day &amp; thereafter is fine.I  never experiencd any &quot;comedown&quot; like some ppl. The only negative is without it I get agitated easily &amp; get on my own nerves when it comes 2 lack of concentration, forgetfulness,n sleeping 2 much."
"I have been on Gianvi for four months. I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was fourteen (I am now 19) for irregular periods and with Gianvi, I didn&#039;t have any periods. I was okay for the first couple of months, but now, at the fourth month, I have no periods, migraines all day, everyday, spotting instead of a period, sharp cramps during the time when my period was supposed to come, I am unable to wear my contacts now (they hurt SO bad and end up giving me a headache if I force myself to wear them [even with BRAND NEW pairs]. It is pretty effective when it comes to preventing pregnancy because I did miss a few pills, but in the the past, with other brands, I&#039;d miss pills and NEVER have any side effects. Now on NuvaRing."
"I&#039;ve been on Nexium, 40 mg, one per day for about 4 years. I don&#039;t really watch my diet like I should but I&#039;ve had no issues at all, never any throat burn like I had prior to Nexium. I do have Barrett&#039;s and should be more careful about foods I eat but I don&#039;t eat a lot of anything, that helps. I do drink coffee sometimes, tomato based sauces, etc. I don&#039;t seem to have side effects from Nexium."
"I&#039;m about to start my 3rd pack of Tri-Sprintec pills and it&#039;s overall been a positive experience. The first few days of taking it I was really fatigued lethargic, but those feelings went away quickly. The first 2 weeks I did feel a bit of nausea, mostly right after taking the pill (I take it at night). I have mild-moderate acne, including acne on my back. Nothing on my back has improved so far. I&#039;m unsure as to whether the acne on my face is improving or not. Right now it&#039;s definitely mild and not cystic, but not clear.
Breasts have increased in size and were painful the first month. Still sore going into the 3rd month but not too bad.
Had spotting the 3rd week of the first pack, but it was very light."
"This medication has helped my cough, made breathing easier and decreased mucus tremendously, however I did have side affects, blurred vision, confusion, numbness in legs, dizziness, nausea and sore throat."
"Had rapid wt. gain. Headache &amp; fatigue. I was able to get it free."
"My experience with this drug has been overwhelmingly positive. I suffer from panic attacks, as well as agoraphobia, and despite having been on Valium for many years now, it has retained its efficacy and it has greatly enhance the quality of my life. Frankly, I do not know what I would do without it. Yes, yes, yes, I am all too well aware of the numerous warnings and tales of woe which have accompanied usage of this drug by other individuals less fortunate than myself, but I can only speak to what this drug has done for MY life. I am now 51 years old, and have taken this drug on and off for most of my adult life, starting when I was 18 years old. I become angry when I read proposals to limit prescription of this drug to psychiatrists...."
"Benzodiazepines, are way better. Valium or clonazepam have a VERY long half life.(last about 18-24hours) This medicines work great for me, for overall Anxiety. In my case Xanax is the only drug that helps with my Panic Attacks. It works the fastest. And that is very important, when you have a bad event,   like Panic Attacks. Not Anxiety attacks, there is a big difference. Panic is a Event(Can last awhile).These can give you aftershocks after the initial event and initial dose of Xanax. Anxiety attacks don&#039;t last long, and are not near as bad. Panic Attacks can be up to 10 times worse, than anxiety attacks. No triggers needed for Panic, in my case. Anxiety attacks usually center around  stress, difficult situations, etc."
"I am on day 5 and am feeling much better than I have been doing. This is my first time trying anti-depressants and wasn&#039;t sure what to expect but my mood has defiantly been more positive very fast. Something I noticed is that my dreams are more intense, not nightmares, but just more real. Very vivid. "
"I took Geodon for 2 weeks at 20mg to treat bipolar disorder type I.
I wasn&#039;t on this medication long enough to notice any changes.
I discontinued because it heightened my hallucinations and made them significantly worse. "
"I&#039;m on my 4th day with these pills and I&#039;ve already lost 8pounds"
"It allows me to get out of bed. I can&#039;t imagine living without it. "
"Mucinex D is great.  I have never had any insomnia or side effects from it. I follow the recommend dosage which is one pill every 12 hrs. I recommend this for everyone to try."
"Went from 90mg of cymbalta abruptly to 40mg viibryd. Went into cote bipolar.manic episode. So far this medication isn&#039;t feelING like it&#039;s doing anything for my but giving my diarrhea and making me starve and stuff my face with everything. Im already fat  so this isn&#039;t good. I have brain fog, depression and anger. I&#039;d say it&#039;s not working"
"Agree with everyone else. I am glad I didn&#039;t pay for it and only had a free trial. It&#039;s really useless.  Could tell no difference after using it.  I got more relief from an empty regular pro air (with just some residue coming out!)"
"I went to my pharmacy and I asked the pharmacist what can she recommend for a dry cough she said its Delsym. I tell you you will be drowsy....so I didn&#039;t mind at all because its a good thing for me I can sleep.  When I took it I was waiting to see  if it was effective  - to my surprise I keep coughing the whole night as if I didn&#039;t take any medications....so if a cough product doesn&#039;t work for an adult - you shouldn&#039;t recommend it.....waste of money!"
"Found this medication very effective in my withdrawals from both alcohol and weed. It stops my racing thoughts and keeps me calm. However it does somewhat make you zombie like and unable to feel emotions."
"Ocular pressure down from 28 to 18 in 1 week."
"I started taking Taytulla 2 weeks ago to help prevent more ovarian cysts from popping up. There is not one thing I&#039;ve liked about this pill. I get TERRIBLE headaches and nausea almost constantly, I&#039;ve broken out in acne all over my face, I have been suffering with terrible depression/anxiety/lack of interest in anything, and fatigue. I forgot to take it one night and the next morning I woke up with super heavy bleeding. I know the body will react when starting any new medicine, but this is miserable. Would not recommend, ladies!"
"I used to take an allergy drug called Ornade some years ago. It provided me instant relief of my allergy symptoms (hayfever and ragweed-related). Since then the only allergy medication that gives me that kind of relief is Allegra-D. "
"It is not strong but took away most of the pain but kept me awake. Percocet is better."
"Had itching, redness and rashes between fingers which was named as contact dermatitis from  dish wash liquids. The Dr gave me  isolone for 7 days. Even within the first 2 days itching disappeared and rashes faded. Very affective."
"I started my treatment two weeks ago. The first three days I could not sleep and I had diarrhea. Now, I have so much energy and the side affects are gone. I am so happy to be on this medicine."
"I have moderate to severe pain from a reaction to a medication. I wear a 100 &amp; a 25 Fentanyl patch. After trying several places I found the patches stay best on my derri"
"This medication has provided constipation relief. I have been taking it for a year. I have followed the directions of taking the medicine 30 minutes before breakfast...my experience has been that if I don&#039;t make it a point to go to the restroom within 30 minutes after breakfast, I won&#039;t be able to release. I&#039;ll be bloated all day. I noticed this when I found myself preoccupied at work and realized that I had forgotten to use restroom. I have been having my breakfast and making it a point to go to the restroom within 15 minutes and it has been great. I do get bloating and some cramping after eating lunch. I wish I could use the restroom after every meal though."
"I&#039;ve had the nexplanon since November 2015 and I absolutely hate it!!! I have not had a period since I&#039;ve had it though. My sex drive is down I am depressed, severe mood swings, really bad anxiety, fatigue back pain unable to sleep pretty much all the negative side effects that you can get I have"
"I&#039;ve been on premarin for over 20years. When I started I had side effects of bloating and constipation. Over time those resolved. I don&#039;t know why I&#039;m still having hot flashes 20+ yrs after menopause. Now I take.625 every other day due to the expense. That works. If I try to cut back to every third day the hot flashes return in a short time."
"I have been on steroids for 2 months. First 40mg then doctor  went to 30mg. It made me crazy still at 30mg. I am not handing it well . I have had Pemphigoid for 4 years now and the medicine has only helped about 20 percent. I still get flareups in my month. "
"I take other medication but after my Doctor prescribed Advair I do have more energy and my breathing is a lot less effortless and in turn a better outlook."
"Been taking 2 Simcor daily along with 145mg Tricor. All my readings were better than 10 mg Lipitor and 145mg Tricor."
"I smoked for almost 50 years. Started using the Nicorette minis 7 months ago.  Have not had a cigarette since started using the minis.  Tried patches, cold turkey, etc., but these really help.  Like some of the other posters here, I seem to be hooked on the Nicorettes.  Told my doctor but he didn&#039;t seem concerned, called the 800# on the insert for the Nicorettes and since they have not done studies for the FDA etc after the recommended 12 week period, they could not say if continued use was dangerous or not But would like to get off them too.  However, do not want to start smoking again, so will just keep on using the minis.  Wish me luck and same to all of you."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 4 months now and at first it was great, it cleared up my acne and everything went fine, then I accidentally missed a pill and since then my face has been all full of acne."
"Absolute miracle - I cannot believe it. I take only 10-20 mg as needed, and it basically shuts off the fight or flight response.  Those sudden adrenaline bursts followed by total fear and panic just no longer materialize.  In fact your entire body will probably thank you for the stress relief.  Propanolol has given me tremendous confidence with virtually no side effects.  This coming from someone who has thought it might be better to get hit by a bus than have to attend weekly staff meetings.  More effective than alprazolam and without the side effects, from my experience.  Doctors need to look at propranolol as first line treatment for anxiety!"
"Yep, you&#039;re gonna get a mild case of hiccups during the first 3 days or so, but like the man said below, it&#039;s better than cancer. Don&#039;t be foolish - smoking isn&#039;t good, and these work. After a few weeks, start trading off with cheap mint candies every other turn, then 3 to 1 etc. I started with 8 a day, and ended up done with it all at the beginning of week 5! Seriously, you really must want to quit. Get through the first week (that&#039;s the rough part), and it&#039;s all downhill after that. Do it!"
"I have had my Mirena for almost 5 years now. I had it inserted after my daughter was born in September 2007. I have had probably the best experience possible with the Mirena. My period is very irregular however, but when I do have it, it is very, very light, more like spotting then a period. I will be getting my Mirena changed in a week since the 5 years is now up and I am very nervous. It wasn&#039;t painful the first time, but that was 6 weeks after having a baby so I&#039;m sure my cervix was more open then now. I have heard that it&#039;s not painful at all to have it removed but I am wondering if anyone has had the same experience and have had their Mirena replaced and could give me some advice on how your experience went!"
"I had Mirena inserted two years ago, after I had my fourth child. When It was inserted I did not feel anything at all, I even had to ask the doctor if she was finished lol. For the first year or so, I had unexpected periods some short, some long, some heavy, most very very light. For a short while I was able to predict when I was going to get my period because my mood sings would go crazy. Now Its been two months that I get less then a day periods. It is only a little spotting done. I feel good, I have not gained any weight, no pain, no more mood swing. It does not interrupt my sex life with my husband. I would recommend Mirena to anyone."
"I have eczema that flares up awful with the season changes. This time it decided to flare up on my eyelids of all places and I was given eucrisa to help manage it. The medicine works and clears up my eczema dramatically. The BURNING is terrible! It is almost unbearable and hurts so bad it makes my head ache. So really it&#039;s just depending on where your eczema is located? I will keep using it because my eczema is awful without it, but goodness it is SO painful."
"Weight Gain as soon as I started taking Lyrica."
"Holy  guacamole   Batman it worked! But boy it was a Journey lol for 4 days I hadn&#039;t pooped! I had already taken laxatives, stool softener, a bucket of prunes, fiber pills, other fiber pills and still no poop over the last 4 days! So I called friend that has Gastroparesis and asked her what she takes? She said MC! So here it 7:30 at night and I&#039;m off to the drugstore. I chugged it at 8:43 I immediately wanted to puke after I was done. But I said no to myself I have to keep this down! I managed to get down another bottle of water in addition to the two bottles of water I drank before the MC! So I&#039;m sitting here on the potty reading all the other stories and laughing so hard I shoulda crapped my pants but nope! No poop! An hour later I managed to make it to my bed it&#039;s 9:45pm insanely nauseated (I gave up on pushing even though I had the urge to) hoping I can just nap then I won&#039;t feel the sickness! Then I get this cold sweat come over me, my hands get all clammy, my head starts hurting, I feel like my heart is about to pop out of my chest, my pulse quickened even worse then it had been, my stomach turns and feel everything come up and I projectile puke like in the exorcist movie and it&#039;s going everywhere! It doesn&#039;t stop after one puke oh no! We&#039;re talking 3 projectile pukes! I can&#039;t even move closer to the restroom I just fall to the floor completely weak &amp; out of control all cold and sweaty now just puking and puking! it&#039;s everywhere! Then when I stop I immediately feel better as far as the nausea and all those other side effects lol but now I have this huge mess! And still no poop! Plus I&#039;m like great after all that now the MC ain&#039;t even gonna work because I puked it all up! Boy was I wrong! Got cleaned up and went to bed! Then about 2:04am I awaken with the urge to fart I run to the potty! And oh ya! It was like I pooped out the titanic or something! Once I was done pooping out the poop the size of a killer whale I wiped washed my hands and was gonna turn off the lights and shut the door then I was like ohhhh boy! I had to run back to the potty lol for an encore performance! 
 I puked it all up lol I thought noway this isn&#039;t gonna work now! But it did! Dude I feel like pooped so much my legs hurt from flexing them while trying to push lol my caves n ankles feel like they are about to fall off lol and butt feels raw lol it&#039;s now 6:56am and I haven&#039;t had to poop again thank goodness. idk where it would come from lol all stool was intact no diarrhea so far!"
"Ladies, if your reading this your probably deciding wether or not to get the Skyla. Honestly, reading 90% of these comments scared the crap out of me but decided to go through anyways. People are most likely only going to write about the negative so keep that in mind. Today, 2/9/16 I got my skyla inserted on the third day of my period. It was awkward going in with my period but I was all up for a easier insertion. The entire progress took 10 minutes, the doctor felt around to locate the position of my uterus. Then put in the cold and uncomfortable specula. She poked around down there and I just felt pressure and cramping. Not unbearable or teeth clenching, just awkward and crampy. After, I went shopping and rested! loving it so far :)"
"Horrible pill. Went on it after getting my IUD taken out (it was giving me a period every time my husband and I had sex) and the doctor told me it would help me gain an appetite. Instead in the past 3.5 months I&#039;ve gotten sick 5 times, had one missed period, and the worst period of my life after as a &quot;catch up&quot; one. I can&#039;t take the tiredness, heavy body and constant upset tummy any more."
"I used to play golf three days a week but with much pain afterwards. I&#039;ve been put on Vicodin on a regular basis. I take as needed not more than prescribed and it has worked wonders."
"I took Paxil for 5 years for severe panic attacks and anxiety. I got to the point where I could barely leave the house without anxiety. I was on 20 mg once a day and it worked wonders for me. I felt &quot;normal&quot; for the first time in years. HOWEVER... I gained 50 lbs. I decided to get off and weaned myself very slowly but still had withdrawal symptoms: brain zaps, severe headaches, dizzy, restless, faint, weak and the list goes on. I have been off for 5 months now and still have symptoms. "
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for 3 months. The heavy bleeding, agony and cramps have all stopped. Plus the cravings. Although I feel very low and depressed. I seem to be overly sensitive and raw all the time. It&#039;s becoming harder to contain myself around loved ones as I am so emotional and seem to snap at everything and everyone. I would seriously recommend wheather this is the right option if you suffer from mental health issues or you are prone to it. I generally do feel anxious without the pill, although I have been feeling depressed recently, and it&#039;s dreadful"
"I have always had an active sex life; at about age 59, sex became very painful.  Put up with it for several years until I discovered Osphena.  It has made life so much better.  There is still some discomfort, but that is a minimal price to pay to be intimate with my husband of 45 years.
I would highly recommend this drug. :)"
"Well, I would like to say Simponi has been very effective for me.  From my first shot to the sixth the shot I just received this month the Simponi removed my symptons of AS to the point where I feel normal.  Before being diagnosed and receiving Simponi I was in pain constantly and taking meds that were basically for gout which what I was being treated for before my diagnosis for AS. One month the doc tried Remicade but it was ineffective for me.  The Simponi has given me back normality at least in the sense of physical well-being. It has been wonderful for me and my family as they don&#039;t have to worry about helping me when I have symptoms of swelling and pain. In fact I noticed that When i get scratches my wounds even heal faster. Thanks,"
"Benicar is also useful in helping to prevent the natural buildup of Vitamin D in the body, for patients suffering the symptoms of sarcoidosis."
"I&#039;ve only been using it for two weeks.  Other than a scratchy throat (which I recently learned to gargle with water after use), I feel INCREDIBLY better.  I&#039;m 60 and was diagnosed with emphysema about 1 year ago.  I&#039;m a desk jockey but a &quot;weekend warrior&quot; in the back forty.  I haven&#039;t felt this good in quite some time.  Fingers crossed..."
"This works great for me for migraines, neck pain, and in the past for severe menstrual cramping.  However, I find that I need to take about half dose. Instead of 50 mg every 6 hours I have to take less (25mg), maxing out at  225 mg per day. I rarely have to take that much anymore.  I tend to take Dramamine with it now or meclizine to avoid nausea ( although it doesn&#039;t always cause me to have nausea).

 I did have one episode of respiratory depression after taking the normal dosage of 50 mg every six hours for menstrual cramps. About an hour after the third dose, I started feeling like I couldn&#039;t remember how to breathe. It was a very scary feeling. My husband watched me carefully and I probably should have gone to the emergency room."
"I am 46 years old and remember being 5 years old with something just not right in my head. In my late teens I was really suicidal! I had counseling for seven years and tried a couple of different medications. I felt good, but had side effects that made me quit taking them. Two weeks ago I had a severe bout with depression, that affected me and the ones closest to me. I had been trying to figure out what was wrong with me for forty years and could not find a answer. After opening up to family I found out nine of us were struggling with depression. My nephew told me to try Celexa because it had changed his life for the better. I now have been on it for one week and am beginning to get my life back!"
"I started a 25mg dosage of spironolactone on the 24th of March 2017. Therefore, I&#039;ve been on this dosage for 2.5 months. In addition to my 25mg spironolactone dosage, I am also on the Yasmin contraceptive pill. The first 2 months of spironolactone were terrible. I was prepared for this (having read others&#039; experiences on these boards) but it was truly difficult. Spironolactone seemed my last port of call for hormonal acne and I was so frightened it just wouldn&#039;t work. Around a week ago, however, things started changing and my skin has definitely started clearing up. I&#039;ve had no new cysts forming and I anticipate my skin looking even better in a few weeks from now. My pores will always be big but I&#039;m hopeful the acne at least can stop."
"I became less withdrawn, happier, and there was no weight gain.  Some insomnia at first, but that cleared up after the first week."
"I started Belviq on May 10th.  I have lost 20 lbs since, today being 8/5.  I wanted something to aid in my weight loss  being 200 lbs, 5&#039;2&quot;, 52 yrs old.  I asked about Contrave but my doc suggested Belviq because of patient success.   I had nausea and a headache for 3 days but that went away.  I also had  a nagging cough for a couple months but that went away, also.  The only other notable symptoms are occasional sluggishness and brain fog.  I take two 10 mg pills a day.  I know when the first one&#039;s wearing off  because I do get hungry.  It does curb my appetite really well and I have to force myself to eat. I have the most success when I work out, too and cut down on sugar and food intake which Belviq aids in.  I love it!"
"Great as a contraceptive. No weight gain. clear skin. Unfortunately constipated and major hair loss. 6 months after stopping the pill, constipation was much less, my hair started to grow back &amp; my skin was not as clear anymore."
"I&#039;m on Day 3 and notice a big change.  No more accidents in the morning on the way to the toilet!  I am also on an estrogen cream called Estrace and have used that once. Time will tell if this really works: I was on Vesicare for a few weeks and got great results, then it began NOT to work and severe constipation made me stop taking it. I will be adding fiber to my diet and work to prevent the constipation before it takes me over again.  Went to a urogynecologist this time. P.S There is a mint you can try for dry mouth.  It has one side of it with a sticky ingredient that will stick to your mouth so you don&#039;t swallow it.  It works!"
"my updated I wrote on here before.... well I been taking Provera from February til June my periods always come on time or a day early it was making my cycle  day 30-32-33  but now I supposed to get my period now it not coming on I&#039;m on day 5 off the pill and that when it come on early in the morning but nothing

I thought I was clear of pregnancy I  DD 10 days before my next period with  was about 3 weeks after my last period .
."
"I am 23 years old and suffer from generalized anxiety disorder. I did not want to be on an addictive med, and was very adamant about that with my doctor. I was prescribed Buspar and have been taking it for a year now (10mg 3 times a day) and it seems to work quite well. It calms me down and makes me think more rationally rather than experiencing constant worry and fear. I feel more free and open to life. Side effects I&#039;ve experienced include dizziness, hot flashes and extreme hunger for about an hour after taking it. Taking it with food in your stomach is a must as it decreases the side effects for me. One complaint though, is short term memory problems and &quot;cloudy&quot; mind effect, but I will take that any day over my anxiety!"
"I have been on Multaq for 4 years with no apparent side effects. I have been free of atrial fibrillation since. Now my new insurance has denied me use of the medicine."
"I was very uncomfortable and I already knew I had a yeast infection. I slipped up and put bubbles in my bath water knowing this happens. "
"Let me tell you this pill is amazing! My 57 year old boyfriend has had erectile dysfunction and prostate issues for a long time. In the two and half years we have been dating he wasn&#039;t even able to ejaculate. He had orgasm but no ejaculation. Needless to say it has bothered both of us. I think it may even have bothered me more. He told me he hadn&#039;t been able to ejaculate for approx 8 years!  He does have diabetes and has had heart trouble. He had a  bypass a little over 3 years ago. Since starting the once a day Cialis not only has he been able to have erections everyday, he ejaculated. Also no more trips all night to pee.  We love it but insurance wont cover for us."
"Doc loaded me up heavy on day one. The morning of day 2 I can walk again without wishing death upon all of humanity. I&#039;m taking a sustained dose now of twice a day. I&#039;ve been dealing with shoot through a screen door green apple diarrhea but the pain is going. Gonna stay hydrated. Feel night and day better. Tried cherries, Apple cider vinegar, and nsaids leading up to this one. First time using Cochicine. Does the job and quickly."
"A few friends reccomended this brand and said it did not give them any side effects. I was sold on that alone. A couple of weeks in, I started to get horrible cystic acne on my chin. I am prone to breakouts and have heard Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo helps CLEAR up skin...so I was confused about this side effect. Once the first cyst was gone, another one shortly came up. It was never ending. Started my second pack, The same thing happened again with the cystic acne. I almost wanted to get off the pill because of it. But I loved that I did not have any other side effects. No weight gain, no moodiness, and my sex drive actually increased. Finally, half way through my 3rd pack the cysts were gone. All in all, it&#039;s a great pill besides the cysts I got."
"Diagnosed with GAD and OCD, more so the mental aspect (the obsessions).  On clonazepam, Zoloft 200mg and Seroquel XR 50mg a few hours before bed.  I have to say that it feels great and helps me fall asleep, but I still have some anxiety driven dreams.  The hours before sleep are wonderful, it really takes you down a level or two. I just wish it lasted 24 hours."
"I have been through several spinal surgeries due to bad degenerative disc disease. Besides the herniated discs, stenosis, radiculopathy and arthritis in my spine, the main problem I have is scar tissue which has encompassed my nerve at the L5 S1 level. Constant Pain! I also have fibromyalgia. I have used every opiate based medication there is and find Fentanyl to be my favorite because it is NOT ANOTHER PILL I HAVE TO TAKE. I am on enough prescription pills, so reducing the amount of pills I take is a plus. I do have to take oxycodone for breakthrough pain pretty frequently now, maybe because my body is adapting to the dose, so I should be increasing the dosage soon. Fentanyl allows me to get out of bed in the morning and go to work."
"I was prescribed to one Seroquel 25mg tablet at night for Manic Depression and insomnia. I couldn&#039;t be happier, my anxiety and depression was significantly reduced. My energy and mood dramatically improved. And I get great sleep every night and I wake up refreshed and ready to start my day. Also, lt gives me the most vivid, wonderful dreams of all time. Taking this along with therapy from a psychologist is highly recommended for a successful outcome."
"I&#039;ve been on two different pills, and after I had my son, I wanted to find something that lasted longer. Until I decided, my OB-GYN put me on the patch. I love how it&#039;s once a week. It&#039;s easy to remember. I&#039;ve been on it for almost a year (in March). However, lately, every patch has started to leave big red squares where they used to be. The skin where the patches were is dry, red, and bumpy. Sometimes they burn, but mostly they itch. I moved and haven&#039;t gotten a new doctor, so I can&#039;t change it. Other than that, I have absolutely no sex drive- but I haven&#039;t had a sex drive since I had my son two years ago. So.. yeah. Haven&#039;t really gained weight with it. It&#039;s been great except for the red patches it&#039;s started to leave."
"My husband is in a nursing home with dementia. He was was given this drug as a sleep aid. He is now very confused and his balance is poor. Cannot stand on his own or even with his walker. Falling almost every night. Our family are very concerned about his deterioration since taking this drug. The doctors response was to INCREASE the dosage!!! We told him NO and insisted on removing this drug from his medication. Since stopping this drug, we can see improvement in his condition. It will take time to get it out of his system. I would not recommend this drug to anyone - especially seniors."
"Oh my goodness. I&#039;m on fire! Don&#039;t buy this stuff."
"After week 2 my energy soared. My night sweats stopped and I now sleep through the night. I feel like I have a second lease on life. I am on the 3 month regiment. Viral Load was 14 million at start of meds. Now 1 month later down to 77. Yes Seventy Seven. Looking forward to 2nd month blood test. Was denied 3x&#039;s by my insurance company for use of meds. My fantastic doctor &amp; nurse promised me they would not forget about me &amp; they finally got me covered. Grateful to them &amp; Gilead for my new life."
"I had moderate blood pressure. I have been on Azor for about a year. I take it at night to reduce the dizziness side effect."
"Psychotropic medications are appropriate for the small percentage of us who would literally die by our own hands if we didn&#039;t take them. For that reason, their relative levels of effectiveness are often viewed by us through a completely different lens (realistically) than by those who take them for less serious reasons. Even bouts of major depression don&#039;t constitute a definite reason for taking pharmaceuticals. If it keeps you alive &amp; lets you to work towards having something better BEYOND just &#039;existing&#039;, it&#039;s working. Try to reevaluate the manner in which YOU are evaluating the medication&#039;s effectiveness based upon what it is TRULY intended to do. As with everything in life, maintaining realistic goals &amp; expectations is key to happiness."
"DO NOT EVER TAKE THIS MEDICATION! I&#039;ve been on this for two weeks &amp; its been two weeks of HELL! My anxiety is through the roof, I&#039;m overly emotional &amp; cry all the time. (No suicidal thoughts though) This pill will make you feel like you have food poisoning or the stomach flu or something. I have headaches, dizziness, an indigestion/heartburn type feeling -- I just have this bizarre feeling near my upper stomach/diaphragm, I can&#039;t even describe it. I&#039;m constantly gassy whether its through burping or passing gas, stomach cramps &amp; pain, back pain down in &amp; near my pelvis, pain in my lower right abdomen. No appetite. The side effects are worse when I&#039;m at work which makes it very hard to stay at work. Wicked nausea!"
"Embrel. Is the best medicine. I have RA. Since I was 25 years old"
"This drug has improved my quality of life greatly!  The first week I had drop attacks at my desk at work &amp; I was drowsy.  The key is to take this medication @ 4pm &amp; consecutively.
I do experience dry mouth too.  I have 4 neuro-stimulators implanted in my head to help with pain &amp; I take gabbapentin, topamax, paxil, folic acid, hydrocodone, a special gabbapentin/lidocaine cream, &amp; vitamins on a daily basis to function like a human being.  For rescue I take Maxalt &amp; if severe enough Butorphanol-Tartrate. This medicine has given me hope again &amp; made me able to decrease pain meds during the day!  This Med runs about $400 with my insurance but if you go to amrix.com you can print a coupon for a $5 copay!!!!!"
"When taking orsythia, I got yeast infection every three months , does anyone have a same problem as me?"
"I would not recommend this to anyone. I am now 2 months pregnant because my Skyla expelled from my uterus into my cervix, without me knowing. This however is partially the doctor I was seen by did not do proper follow ups, or check for the placement of the IUD, and disregarded my concerns. However the months prior with the IUD were painful and my period was extremely heavy and would last 2-3 weeks with severe cramps. If you do decide to move forward with Skyla, make sure you have a doctor you trust. As well as you know the complications of this IUD. I&#039;m a 20 year old with now the decision on what to do next and my heart is shattered. Take caution with this IUD. Much love and best wishes to you all."
"I tried Chantix twice, two years ago. The first time, I stopped smoking in week 2, but began smoking again about two months after I stopped taking Chantix. The second time I stopped smoking for nearly 6 months after finishing the prescription. I felt great about that, and was very angry at myself for taking up smoking again. Hate to make excuses, but I was having a really tough time, I lost my job and became very ill (unrelated to smoking). That was two years ago. I am going to try Chantix again. Will ask my doctor for a Rx tomorrow. I did not experience any side effects."
"Had sex and he didn&#039;t pull out,  took plan b an hr later. 4 days after I get my period. Very reliable"
"Started taking Temazepam when my parents were sick. I have had chronic insomnia for 20 years before resorting to asking the doctor for some help, as I was taking extremely high doses of Gravol/Dramamine and was lucky to fall asleep at 5 am only to have to get up at 6 am.  Started with some blue pill that left a horrible aftertaste, then Ativan  but that didn&#039;t work.  Finally started with Temazepam at night.  Take it a couple hours before bed, and then fall asleep almost as soon as my head hits the pillow. I will never come off this drug, I couldn&#039;t possibly return to crippling insomnia."
"Guys okay so like you I was freaking out because I thought I may be pregnant. I was just finishing my first pack of birth control pills (usually takes about an entire pack before it becomes fully reliable) when I had sex with my boyfriend. Unfortunately the condom broke, and we went into a frenzy. I started researching Plan B and found these reviews online and was pleased with the overall effectiveness. I have friends that have used it but I wanted to check for myself. Just to be safe, I took the Plan B pill about 4 hours after the condom breaking. I, unlike many others, experienced no side effects at all other than having to poop more than usual. 4 days later, I got my period!! :)"
"It took a couple weeks to notice any positive affects. It does help with depression.  The big negative is the loss of the ability to achieve an orgasm."
"I ended up with a urinary tract infection due to my diabetes.  My PA prescribed Bactrim and I have not experienced any side effects. The burning and urge to urinate, but even after 2 days still feel like the bladder was not emptied. It is day 5 and I noticed some discoloration in urine in the morning hours. I take it that is due to some bleeding.  It went back to clear yellow tonight. I am carefully completing the course of this medication and hope it works for others like it has for me.  I feel great!"
"I&rsquo;ve been on this pill for about 2 months, I wanted to try a low hormonal pill to hope for no or less weight gain. Camila by far is the worst birth control I have been on. My period is light but the duration is about 9-11 days SMH! I rather bleed heavy for 3-4! The cramps are deadly. I&rsquo;ve always had bad cramps but this is different now. Oh, if you miss a pill by a few hours.. you start to cramp &amp; bleed. I haven&rsquo;t experienced any major breakouts. My mood is pretty normal, except for when I&rsquo;m cramping &amp; bloating. NOW the weight gain is no joke. I&rsquo;m sure it&rsquo;s all water weight &amp; bloat.. but who wants that? I&rsquo;ve gained 6lbs in one month! My appetite has definitely increased for the worst. I&rsquo;m a normal healthy eater but all I want to do is snack."
"I am a 20 year old with no children. I got the Mirena inserted the beginning of may (2011), so I have had it over a month now. Insertion was definitely painful, but only lasted a few minutes. I had some spotting that day and moderate cramping for a few days after, but just took some ibuprofen and it was bearable. A week ago, I had very very light spotting for about 5 days, I just wore a panty liner and it was fine, no cramping or anything either. I feel my strings after intercourse and its hard to find but my boyfriend can&#039;t feel it during sex so that&#039;s good. I love not having to take the pill (I was on it for 4 years prior to having the Mirena). So far I definitely recommend it."
"Symptoms began on a Monday.  Tested positive for influenza A on Wednesday and started Tamiflu.  It&#039;s Friday and I feel worse than I did yesterday.  Fever returned today, slept poorly last night, headache worse, terrible taste in my mouth.  Hate to run back to doc already.  Maybe it was too late for the Tamiflu?"
"I have OCD, GAD, PTSD and depression, agoraphobia, panic attacks. It is helping. Early side effects were hard, nausea, insomnia and some higher anxiety. Take it in the am if you get insomnia ! This helped me. I&#039;m glad I pushed through the early side effects. It took over 7 weeks to start to feel better, so don&#039;t give up unless SEs are too bad. Some posts say it&#039;s a miracle cure. It&#039;s not, you still have to do the work: therapy, diet, self-help etc, but it can help with the fear and racing thoughts. It&#039;s helping me but if I&#039;d believed all the big claims here I&#039;d be disappointed.Keep your expectations realistic, give it time, and do everything else you can to be healthy. It&#039;s an aid, not a cure, but can help."
"I have been on Arava for approximetely 2 months, prior to that I had Rituxin Infusion Therapy and was currently on 20 mg of prednisone.  I had started to reduce the prednisone when I was down to 5mg and off, I started to have a burning in my mouth and tongue.  I checked with the pharmacy and it is a know side effect for leisons and issue within the mouth. I am hoping that there is something else that I can take, as this past year my rheumatoid arthritis has been full blown out of control. I at least can now type and manage to button my clothes and tie my shoes. I can only hope."
"Wouldn&#039;t know...got charged $40 for 2 days&#039; worth, which I just can&#039;t afford."
"So far, I&#039;m very happy as my nausea, vomiting, stomach cramps and anxiety have subsided. Not much relief from depression yet on day 5, but understand it takes time. It does make my tongue numb for a bit after I take it and I&#039;ve had vivid dreams every night on it."
"UPDATE: I originally posted on Nov 16th 2010 that on Jan 3rd 2011 will be 3 YEARS CLEAN. WELL I MADE IT! 

No relapses. Not one OPIATE has passed through these lips since I started on the Suboxone. And I no longer have to LIE, CHEAT, STEAL, and MANIPULATE  my family and friends to support a 30-50 pills/day Vicidon ES habit. If you&#039;re on the fence about Suboxone take the leap....you&#039;ll have nothing to regret. You&#039;ll be able to mend your mind and your soul and your relationships and get YOUR LIFE BACK."
"I&#039;ve had skin peeling on my feet all my life. Never has any ointment healed the condition as does undecylenate. It is fantastic. A "
"Great medicine! Makes me a bit jittery but a very light dose of anti-anxiety medicines take care of that."
"Works great but it does make me sleepy at first. I have found that I only have to take it once and my headache is gone for the rest of the day!"
"I have been on 50 mgs of Trazodone for about two weeks - I would take about 9:00 pm but was two or so hours before I feel asleep. Tried taking earlier still was midnight-Plus find myself tried and sleepy during the day to where I need a short nap.  So tonight I took at 8:00 and its 2:00 am haven&#039;t felt sleepy yet. I decided I would take another 50 mgs to see if it works.  Will try 100 mgs next time if that doesn&#039;t work calling my doctor"
"I am 22 and had the Mirena inserted last month. I had dysmennorhea that was so bad that for 5 days of my cycle I was bed bound on morphine tablets. My bleeding has always been normal flow and predictable. But painful with many trips to the hospital when my tablets were not effective. During the rest of my cycle I was functioning on codeine tablets. I had tried other methods to control the pain such as the pill which only made it worse and unpredictable. 
Since having the Mirena fitted, I have been off my painkillers entirely (only taken codeine for a couple of days over the actual period time). The fitting was only uncomfortable with no pain killers. I have spotted nearly every day since fitting but that is welcome in comparison."
"Took this medication to help my SVT. Made my heart skip beats and I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. Worst experience of my life. Never helped lower my heart rate. Lopressor never worked for me either."
"I&#039;m still in the process of acclimating to Brintellix while weaning off of Paxil. However, I must say that my anxiety and depression seems to be much better, and my hunger (caused by Paxil) has reduced. One of the major side effects of Brintellix is nausea. So, instead of starting on a 5 mg dosage. I cut the 5 mg in half and took that for three days since I am very sensitive to medications. Today is my first day on the 5 mg dosage and have not experienced any nausea. The only side effects that I have felt so far is a bit of heartburn/indigestion, mild sleepiness, and mild dizziness, which certainly hasn&#039;t kept me from doing my day-to-day routine. People should at least give this medicine a chance."
"I am 40 with 4 kids. I had my tubes tied but have experienced week long heavy clotting periods for a year. So my gyn talked me into the Mirena iud. She told me I would have no periods after the 6 months mark. Well I have had it now 9 months and I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding. I would have maybe one week of spotting and then back to full blown heavy bleeding. It&#039;s awful!!! I have been bleeding heavily for 3 weeks now with clots and changing a super tampon every hour.  Getting this iud taken out !!!!!! Hate it! My fianc&eacute; and I have gotten use to the mess of trying to have a normal sex life with all this bleeding but it sucks!!!!!"
"I was put on this medication 6 years ago after being in the hospital. I will admit that I wasn&#039;t suicidal anymore, but I just didn&#039;t feel right. I felt numb and that nothing bothered me. There were situations where I should have stood up for myself and didn&#039;t because I didn&#039;t feel the person had said anything wrong even though they were treating me unfairly. The only pro I can say for it is that it got me sane enough to leave the hospital. I have been off the medication for almost a year now and recognize that I was not myself and I will NEVER go back on it again!"
"I have been on Zyprexa 10mg/day for about 10 years. When I first started taking it in place of Risperdal I felt out of sorts for a few weeks. My doctor said that I was adjusting to it and that I needed to wait it out. So I waited and I did adjust. I gained weight on the medicine, which I have since lost. My psychiatrist orders blood work once a year to check my cholesterol and he says that everything is fine. I don&#039;t like that I need a lot of rest but that is preferable over manic insomnia. I thought that if I stopped taking it then I could lose more weight but I know that I need to manage my illness. I&#039;d rather be plump and pleasant than skinny and crazy. I just have to diet and exercise. The world accepts plump better than it accepts crazy."
"I was supposed to get my period on Sunday, had unprotected sex but used pull out method the following day (Monday). Same thing happened on that same week on Thursday. Period was 6 days late at that point &amp; decided to take pill. Took the pill that next day (Friday). Still no period, took pregnancy test (Saturday) came out negative. After taking the pill I kept cramping and having leg pain but no period. Finally got my period which ended up being 12 days late. Pill did what it&#039;s supposed to do. Definitely experienced all the side effects directed which is okay."
"I have had neck pain, stiffness and spasms in my shoulder and neck for over two years. I had multiple MRI scans to try and diagnose where the pain was coming from. Two days after taking Voltaren in tablet form the symptons seemed to dissapear! I feel alive again and can&#039;t believe the relief it has given me. I&#039;m not 100% back to normal but I&#039;m nearly back to full health now. Fantastic stuff !"
"I am a 33 yr old male, I started taking Vyvanse yesterday and it is the first medication that I have ever taken for anything really. I was B student in school because I refused to do homework, I couldn&#039;t concentrate enough to motivate myself to do it and I suffered in college for it. Now I manage restaurants. I am happy with that choice but lately as pressures from work seemed to increase, I chose to see a psychiatrist to help me complete tasks. I am taking 50mg a day, I usually wait until noon to dose since I work until 1 am most nights. So far, so good, a little jittery but it is new to my system. Slight loss of appetite but nothing that concerns me. I am happy with my choice so far."
"I have been on Zenatane for about 9 months! It has taken me a lot longer to see results than most people/stories I&#039;ve heard but it saved my face. I had cystic acne break outs mostly on my cheeks. Nothing would make them go away. After starting Zenatane it wasn&#039;t an &#039;over night&#039; clear up miracle. It took months. After 4 months with no results I was ready to give up but than after 5-6 months- the cysts just stopped. It was sudden and surprising. My skin continues to &#039;turn over&#039; and looks better and better every week. I also changed my diet which I believed helped as well. In Feb 2016 will be a full year I&#039;ve been on accutane (Zenatane) and I am ready to be done but it has been worth it."
"I have been bleeding profusely (clots, steady bleeding) for a year and a half - yes 18 months!!  I have seen 2 different OB-GYNs.  I am 46 and have fibroid tumors and ovarian cysts.  Both doctors have used the &quot;try this and see&quot; approach and I have been given Provera, Depo Shots, and Beyaz birth control.  None of these have stopped the bleeding.  After taking the Beyaz last December, my blood sugar level rose to 450 and it took a month to get it back to normal.  Of course, now I am considered a diabetic and have to take Metformin every day despite the fact that I was not diabetic or prediabetic before then.  It is ridiculous that these doctors will not consider a permanent treatment option!"
"I was notified last year January 2014 that I had hsv2. I went into such a deep depression that I truly wanted to give up. I begged for second test to confirm it. The doctor refused to test me again and said that she was positive that the test was positive and showed me the papers. I still was in denial for quite some time. The doctor gave me Valtrex 500 milligrams and told me to take one everyday. Needless to say I took it for 30 days and stopped. and never had an outbreak until just a few days ago which confirmed that I was positive. I immediately began taking my medicine. Although it can be very uncomfortable while at work because I do sit down and gets in and out of trucks constantly. This medicine has truly kept my outbreak under control "
"I went on this after LoEstrin 24 gave me insomnia.  I&#039;ve been on it for 2 months and it&#039;s not bad.  It works for birth control.  The only side effects I have had are hair loss. I get mood swings when I&quot;m on the 2nd week of the pack.  I&#039;m ok with it for now, but I&#039;m thinking about switching to one that doesn&#039;t make me so irritable."
"It&#039;s 3 am, and I&#039;m wide awake. Took Mucinex at 1 pm this afternoon which helped relieve some of the pressure in my head caused by congestion. Took NyQuil at 9:30 pm, hoping it would knock me out like it usually does but no such luck. I only took 1 pill at 1 pm yesterday, but I guess since it&#039;s a 12 hour medicine and I&#039;m a small female (103 lbs, 5&#039;4&quot;), it&#039;s still affecting me a lot. My husband swears Mucinex made him feel better but I say no thank you. I&#039;d rather blow my nose all day and be able to sleep at night. Will not be taking again."
"I have only been on Adipex for a week and a half now,and lost about 4 pounds in the first 3 days but now i am at a stand still again, I am on 37.5 dose and have never experienced jitters, extra energy, and worst of all I am still hungry! I do not eat that much in hopes I will still loose weight, also I work out at home for at least an hour 3-5 times a week, mixing cardio with weights. I only have the prescription for one month so we will see how the other 2 1/2 weeks go."
"Who in their right mind (including me) keeps big pharmaceutical companies in business like this?
Over rated and over priced!
$66 out of pocket after insurance paid another $180.00....
Never again will I buy this garbage!"
"I have given this through IV at the hospital for migraine without being warned of side effects. Within 15 minutes my entire body felt like it was on fire and I felt unbearably agitated and insane. I was writhing in the bed and gripping at my face and they told me it would pass.  It took a benadryl and about 45 minutes to calm down. Reglan was probably the scariest experience of my life."
"Good for eractile dysfunction in long term I take 5 mg every alternative day"
"Started taking Harvoni Dec.15, 2015. Dr. said I only need 8 weeks of treatment. I take it in the morning after I eat breakfast, was told it is more effective if taken with meal. So far 4 weeks in, I have zero side effects, like taking a vitamin. I start my 2nd bottle in one more week. I am so happy my insurance covered this medication for me. I feel like I have been given a second chance in life and can&#039;t wait till I can say I beat this!"
"Acanya worked AMAZINGLY on me for two years. I had moderate acne around my mouth, chin, and all over my forehead. Acanya started working immediately (never even got the initial breakout) and within 2-3 months, my skin was completely clear. People were actually complimenting me on my complexion!

However, after two years, Acanya was no longer effective. My skin is not nearly as bad as it used to be as a teenager (I&#039;m 23 now), but I still get breakouts on my forehead and chin when I&#039;m about to start my period. Since Acanya no longer works, my dermatologist has recently prescribed me Epiduo, which is benzoyl peroxide and adapalene. Fingers crossed that Epiduo works as well as Acanya did!"
"My son has been taking the medication for a week on Tuesday and all I have to say is that he is doing a lot better. His teacher noticed a difference on the first day, so did my son. He stated to me that he can actually focus on lessons and listen to the lesson with no problem.  The only thing that I can say is that my son said that he doesn&#039;t want to eat as much but he eats anyway because he knows he needs to and at night he wakes up once.  The doctor did tell us that, that may happen in the beginning but that it will ware off."
"This is my first week on Azor and not only is my blood pressure in the 117/80 range, I slept peacefully through the night and experienced wonderfully pleasant dreams for the first time in nearly five years!  So Azor is obviously having a positive effect on my sleep apnea as well.  Was a bit dizzy the first morning of the first pill but have been fine since. I&#039;m grateful for the changes."
"Second day after first injection, woke up with the worst case of sour stomach I have ever experienced. Burps were out of control frequent and absolutely disgusting smelling and tasting. Made it to work only to vomit twice in 3 hours... almost messed myself in the process... diarrhea was also in full water effect. Thankfully I was able to leave early (within 1 hour of second episode). I hope these symptoms decrease dramatically and rapidly. Anyone else experience side effects this severe? I am literally unable to leave my bathroom&#039;s side. Can not even attempt to work or leave the house without fear of needing a new outfit. I took 1, 1.5 injection."
"I was on Soma for over 10 years and it has always been my favorite muscle relaxer.  I have had severe debilitating migraines my entire life, and a roll over only made it worse along with my neck and back, which have been progressively getting worse over the years.  I was taken off about a year ago.  However I am posting this for those who can&#039;t get it anymore to say Lorzone (chloroxozone) works extremely well on pain.  It is the ONLY other medication - and I have tried them ALL over the years, that seems to work for my neck, back and shoulder pain.  Name brand is extremely expensive even with insurance - it may need to be prescribed under the generic name."
"I have been on Saxenda since 5/5/17. 20lbs gone, losing very slowly. I work out hard 5-6 days a week. I slowly increased my dosage because it made me so nauseous. I started dosing at night which helped. If I eat a large or fatty evening meal, I would get sick in the morning. Overall I only threw up about 4 or 5 times. Finally at the 3.0 dosage after 3 months. Now I have no side effects at all. I read that other&#039;s side effects disappeared at 3.0. Wish I didn&#039;t increase so slowly. I had muscle pain in my right side which took a couple of weeks to go away. I have muscle pain in my right neck, it&#039;s getting better but occasionally hurts. My Dr. told me that muscle pains are a side effect. Will see how it continues to help."
"I have had bad spots for a couple of years now, seemed to get worse the older I get but isn&#039;t quite acne. Went to the doctor was prescribed Epiduo. Have been using for 4 days now and I&#039;d say my spots have reduced by around 50% already! I have really dry sensitive skin already so was a little worried about the reviews stating burning/redness. There is a slight tingly feeling but nothing unbearable and only had redness for the for the first 2 days. I&#039;ve used loads of face washes and creams over the counter but nothing had ever worked so quickly and effective on my skin. So impressed with this and would definitely recommend for anyone feeling insecure about their skin like I was."
"Couldn&#039;t sleep at night because of back pain, doctor gave me these along with regular pain medicines. Besides being a little over weight, I&#039;m as healthy as a horse. These gave me the best nights sleep of my life. I couldn&#039;t lift my arms and just felt as relaxed as I have ever been in my life! Didn&#039;t feel groggy in the morning, totally awesome! I don&#039;t take them EVERY night as prescribed, but after living with this pain for so long, I know when there is going to be a bad night (say, after mowing the lawn). I take one before bedtime and VIOLA! I have a great nights sleep and still feel awesome in the morning! It&#039;s a miracle drug!"
"I used to be on Tri-sprintec, my doctor recently switched me to to Tri-nessa and instantly I was in love with it. I didn&#039;t have my period at all, minor cramps and my acne is disappearing so quickly. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings either. Thank you."
"I&#039;ve been in remission for 5 years."
"This has been a terrible experience for me. I&#039;ve been on Apri for about a year and at first had no major complaints. My periods were still 2 weeks long but they had always been. Over the past 6 months my periods have been miserable. Emotionally I&#039;m a wreck, I cry all the time about everything. I feel like a crazy person but at the same time have no control over the crying. I&#039;m constantly moody and irritable. I sweat like crazy when I have my period and often feel like I&#039;m going to pass out. My periods still last 2 weeks one light week followed by a heavy week. I never had clear skin but this pill has only made it worse. I would not recommend and will be changing within the week so I do not have to experience another month like this."
"It helps me with several things my insomnia my anxiety and depression the only side affect I get is increased appetite"
"I have been on the pill for 3 weeks and I&#039;ve been expierencing hair loss, acne, sore breasts, fatigue, mood swings, and it lowered my milk supply. I also had a little spotting. I have decided to stop taking the pills."
"I have had my mirena since Tuesday (4 days).  I have never had kids.  I was not on my cycle.  I have horrible periods so my doctor recommended this. In my mind I was thinking this is going to be horrible as I had other exams that had me in horrendous pain.  Insertion took about 2 minutes. Only pain I felt was when he was measuring the uterus.  Felt like cramps.  I  did not even feel it going in.  The Dr said ok that&#039;s it. I had no idea it was over.  Afterwards I went to lunch.  Little cramps after I got home,  through the night and the next day.  Just took tylenol.  Only spotted the day that I got it.  So far so good."
"I have been on Neurontin now for 10 days. My pain management doctor put me on it for pain as well as for my migraines. The dosage he has me on is 1 tablet 3xs daily. The tablet is 300mg. I have experienced mood changes. I seem more agitated than I normally am. Hopefully I get better at that. I always feel drowsy after taking it. I haven&#039;t had a migraine yet but we shall see if I do anyways. It will be hard to tell since every 6 months I go and do radio frequency on the back of my neck. That is where they burn my never endings to help my migraines. So I hope all my pain goes away and I do not experience any freakish side effects. I wish everyone the best in taking this medicine and I hope all of us will stay pain free. "
"Starting weight 280.  In Sept. of 2016 I started taking adapex (phentermine) and took that for 3 months.   I lost about 20 pounds in those 3 months.  I had severe dry mouth, heart palpitations, insomnia and constipation.   When I switched over to Contrave I only experienced a slight bit of dry mouth and sleeplessness with a slight elevation of my blood pressure.  I took Contrave for 9 months and lost another 50 pounds by eating right and exercising.  After stopping Contrave I have regained 12 pounds in 6 months.  Mainly due to not exercising and significant increase in appetite.  I will retake the medication and will update my progress as I work toward my goal of 190.  This is a good medication."
"My basal cell had recurred after surgical removal. Another removal would have resulted in extensive plastic surgery. The Aldara had no visible effect until the second week. By the fifth week, the area looked horrible and I became concerned. Nevertheless, I continued application and by week eight, I was looking in the mirror at new, fresh, pink skin. Wonderful!
Based upon my experience, I think it is generally correct to believe that if there is one basal cell area, the entire face is damaged, even though it is not visible. Therefore, I would recommend using the cream only on the limited, visible lesion.  Otherwise, the area of lesions will be large and scary."
"I have started taking this January 2014 and it started working within 2 weeks.  I have had a few flare-ups, but more as time has gone on.  I take methotrexate with this.  I have my cholesterol tested every 6 months.  I have never had any cholesterol issues.  After taking this for 2 years, My cholesterol is in the high range due to this medicine.  Which puts me into a whole different category of heart disease/attack.  I will be going off.  It was a good run, but isn&#039;t worth it!"
"I was 45 when I had the mirena coil inserted. I&#039;d never had children so it was painful but bearable. Everyone is different so just make sure you talk any concerns through with your GP. I had a very light period for first three months and occasional cramping but no worse than before I had the mirena inserted, after that I&#039;ve had 4 and a half years period/cramp free. No side effects whatsoever. My 5 years are up so I&#039;m due to have it removed. Have been told I&#039;ll experience the same level of discomfort in the removal so at least I know what to expect and it literally does only take a few minutes."
"patience, patience, patience!!! this medication will work, you just need to give it time. I am in my 5th month and my results are great. At first, it will burn your face like crazy. After your skin will clear up. Then it will break out again. BUT PLEASE DON&#039;T TAN YOUR FACE WHILE USING THIS. I HAD TERRIBLE BLISTERS ON MY FACE. take the directions and precautions seriously! because I got so sunburned, i had to stop using the epiduo but my face didn&#039;t break out too bad. MAKE SURE YOU WON&#039;T RUN OUT AT A TIME WHERE YOUR SKIN IS CLEARING UP. the results were just getting the best they had ever been and then i ran out. then my face broke out like crazy... so make sure you always have enough! lastly, GIVE THIS MEDICATION TIME! it will get better!"
"Woke up at 10pm and had a slight pain in my lower lip to the point that I didn&#039;t think I was getting a herpes lip.  By 1pm I could feel the tiniest bump ever but still didn&#039;t think I was getting a herp lip. By 2:30pm I ran home and took 1000mg Valacyclovir (which was only half the dose but I did this by mistake).  By 7:30 I got home and definitely had a red and swollen lip and another outbreak right next to it both had little white pimples.  Took the regular dose of 2000mg at 7:30.  Didn&#039;t wait 12 hours and took another 2000mg at 4am.  Woke up at 11:30 the 2nd day and there was no pain or swelling but little white dots were still there.  Took another 2000mg at 2pm and the lip is 100% fine, no white dots, lip is 100% fine."
"I just got done taking this medicine along with 2 melatonin. I usually need 4 melatonin to get to sleep.
So if I need 2 more after an hour or so I will take them. Right now I am awake enough to work I am really relaxed. I am also on kolonopin 1mg or 1 and a half mg at the most it always helps me sleep. I might need that tonight to sleep. Hopefully this is enough. Anyways will write more tomorrow if this drug is any good. It feels like I am breathing a lot deeper or something but that could be normal. I am going to have my husband check on me. Anyways I&#039;m falling asleep so I&#039;ll write more tomorrow.
"
"I have been on Yaz for years but changed over to Taytulla 2 months ago after moving to the USA and needing a bit more progesterone than the Yaz offered. I definitely found myself eating a bit more in the first few weeks and I put on a couple of pounds but I&#039;ve got that back under control now 8 weeks later. I also find that the week of ovulation I am a bit more short tempered with my kids, nothing too serious. Yes the first 6 weeks my mood was somewhat different but that can be expected as you are changing the hormone levels in your body. Give it 2 months and if you are still unhappy then stop. I&#039;m about to order my first prescription after using the 2 free sample packs."
"This medication has been a life saver.  It has changed my life around. I can&#039;t believe how happy I am!"
"I suffer from sinus/ear infections at least 2-3 times a year.  My doctor first prescribed Augmentin but this only made my symptoms worse.  After feeling miserable for 2 weeks my doctor then prescribed Avelox.  Besides the jitteryness, rapid heartrate, and anxiousness, it worked wonders.  This medicine cures symptoms quickly, but does have side effects.  Everyone is different so be aware of your body and let your doctor know if you&#039;re uncomfortable."
"I am 20 years old and have been on Vyvanse 50mg for about 4 months now. I find this medication has helped me a lot. I&#039;ve tried others but nothing can compare to this. I never finished high school but since I started taking Vyvanse I have switched my life around. I started school and am making high marks. This medication has changed my life for the better."
"It works for me.  After about 10mg of the Phenergan, I was no longer feeling dizzy and I wasn&#039;t sick at all."
"I was put on Depakote ER and Celexa for depression and anxiety.  My mood and depression were helped and it knocked out my migraine headaches completely.  I experienced so many horrible side effects though. I gained 50 pounds in the six months I was on this, I lost my hair, I developed tremors that have not completely subsided, I had horrible stomach problems, heartburn, it made me extremely lethargic, libido was gone. This was just my experience with Depakote and if it weren&#039;t for all of the side effects I would have stayed on this medication.  Hope this helps."
"I loved Lexapro, I had been on it for approximately 5 years.  It worked wonders, made me feel close to &quot;normal&quot;.  Recently in the past 6 months I had gone through some life altering events and had noticed my depression was coming back more and more. I finally broke down and told my Doctor (I thought the problem would correct itself) So, he changed me to Pristq. I had a slight yawn while on Lexapro and some sexual side effects but they were less than any other medication I had ever taken.  So when Lexapro works it works GREAT!  When it&#039;s run it&#039;s course, time to move on."
"After I became hopelessly addicted to morphine and hydromorph I found myself living in squalor, dropped out of university, and was on my way to eviction and homelessness. I had tried tapering down myself, going cold turkey at home and even a few detox facilities. Nothing would stick. And most of the time I couldn&#039;t make it past 48 hours until I&#039;d crawl back to the pills again. I&#039;m in my early twenties and didn&#039;t see myself living to 30, let alone getting back in school. Another addict suggested methadone and after a year on that I was switched to Suboxone. I feel like myself now. I&#039;m back in university finishing my degree and forever grateful to Suboxone for saving me."
"Excellent. It helps my anxiety tremendously and takes care of my panic attacks promptly. I highly recommend it. If you take it as prescribed you will not get addicted. I have been taking it for ten years. It also helps with my high blood pressure and tachycardia."
"Got the Nexplanon 10/6/16 . I got on it to prevent pregnancy and so far I haven&#039;t got pregnant. When I first got on it I didn&#039;t bleed for one week. Now most days just a really heavy flow other days golf ball size clots. Recently just started to be both clots and a very heavy flow. Mood swings are bad some times I get really bad cramps where I can&#039;t feel from my uterus down &amp; headache are unbearable
I been just sucking it up until I have to get the Nexplanon taken out (10/6/2019)"
"Obviously by the name I am a Mom. After I got off of Portia I immediately got pregnant a week later. Wasn&#039;t our intentions at all. When I got back on it after having my kid, everything had changed. I get MASSIVE headaches, nausea, dizziness, and it makes my body really tender and sore down there, so sex hurts quite a bit sometimes. With all that being said, I have never had an issue or a pregnancy scare while being ON the Portia pill and it definitely works when it comes to preventing pregnancy. I have been on it for 6 years now and even though the side effects suck, it&#039;s the only one that is truly accurate on it pregnancy prevention. I buy this version of it for $9. It&#039;s very cheap."
"10 days on Lunesta (generic).  Not sure why doc suggested I try it, as I&#039;d been on same low dose of ambien for 3 years, good results.  Anyway, had the metallic taste, just annoying but I slept so ok.  After a day or so waking up more, sleeping less. Took an extra 1/2 last night -total 4.5 mg.  slept, but today all day major headaches and nausea. Not sure what to do tonight-wishing for backup benedryl.  Calling doc tomorrow-will request back to ambien."
"I have been taking junel 1.5 for about a year and a half. I didn&#039;t gain weight, have mood swings, breakthrough bleeding, low sex drive, but I did notice around my period time I would have 1 or 2 cyst like pimples pop up that took roughly 2 weeks to heal and sometimes left a scar which I&#039;m not prone to acne and have a good skin regime. So I am switching to sronyx (generic of aviane) due to that. Otherwise this was good birth control for me. Didn&#039;t get pregnant  and had regular periods usually 4 days long and light."
"I&#039;ve only had Implanon for 6 months. They say anything can happen so they can&#039;t tell you much about your period. But, in my experience I&#039;ve had no period so far and no cramps or PMS symptoms. 

I don&#039;t believe the Implanon made me gain weight. I was gradually gaining my Freshman 25 in college from September-May and I got the Implanon in January. It didn&#039;t make me gain weight abnormally. I just continued my weight gain from eating such unhealthy food at school. Since then, I&#039;ve lost 17 pounds and I don&#039;t believe the Implanon has slowed down any of the weight loss.

Unfortunately, reviews are not going to help you because Implanon is strictly person to person, when it comes to side effects. In my case, I love Implanon!"
"I had forgotten how it felt like to be normal and healthy. To have energy. I was experiencing this after three months on Humira only to be abruptly dropped from my insurance plan. So thankful for the Abbvie patient assistance plan which has now approved me for a full year! I am looking forward to getting better again in the months ahead. I was afraid I was going to lose my job because of the flares but now I am hopeful. Thanks"
"Nightmare from the beginning.   Day 1 extreme nausea, dizziness and headaches.  Day 2 was worse,  and had bloody urine.  Stopped taking it."
"I was given 300mg to take 3x a day for 7 days for an abscess. Dentist &amp; pharmacist warned of nasty side effects. Enclosed papers with instructions and warnings were scary and only recommend taking with food, water and avoid laying for 10 minutes after taking. I looked online to see if taking probiotics would help prevent colitis. Found these rating and was even further scared. 

I noticed everyone who gave positive reviews mentioned probiotics, yogurts, and staying upright for at least 30 minutes. So that is what I did. No side effects what so ever. No heartburn, diarrhea (I actually became constipated), or belly pain. I took a Probiotic with 10 billion strains 1x a day and ate a 0% Activia yogurt at every dose. Pain gone by day 3."
"I&#039;ve been on Synthroid (Levothyroxine) for about a year and a half now. They&#039;ve changed my dose 4 times so far and I&#039;m currently at 100 mcg.  Once they keep me on a dose for a bit, I feel okay, but with every change I have a few annoying side effects.  I can say that if you take it every day like you&#039;re supposed to, it will work eventually. You have to be patient, it won&#039;t make you feel great right away. It took me about 3 months.  But it helped with my lethargy, weight and even depression.  It&#039;s pretty good if you take as prescribed. If you stop taking it suddenly, the effects of hypothyroidism come back pretty quickly and severely so I recommend taking it as your doctor states."
"This medication is a lifesaver, for me. It works very well, with no side effects at all, for me. It was very expensive $1800.99 before insurance and the assistance card from the drug maker.  If you have OIC like I do, try Relistor."
"I put some Orajel on my lip, as soon as I felt the cold sore coming on. It instantly numbed it and I can go on with my day without thinking about it."
"I was on Ocella in the past for years until they took it off the market. I tried several different birth control pills and none worked for me. Someone recommended I try Apri it has worked great for me cleared my horrible acne up which I was spending a lot of money on trying to correct, doesn&#039;t change my mood or sex drive, weight stayed the same, no headaches, no depression, light predictable periods lasts three days! Let&#039;s just say I love Apri and it&#039;s cheap."
"I haven&#039;t been on this pill for very long, but my doctor gave me some free samples because I was having breakthrough bleeding with LoEstrin. So far, my main complaint is nausea. I have never felt so consistently sick in my life - not even with the flu! I&#039;ll post again when I&#039;ve been on it longer about weight gain, mood swings, cramps, etc."
"I started Lo Loestrin Fe 2 years ago at 21 years old, first time ever taking birth control. It has been an incredibly positive experience. No weight gain, no mood swings, little to no side effects. I had random light cramping and spotting initially, which is expected. Nothing since. My periods are not bad either."
"I take zoloft and the mix was a nightmare!!! it made me more agitated than I normally am ever! beware!"
"I once had a horrible experience in my life losing a friend but then I got over it but met another friend  BUT my mind was making me think I would lose my new friend, like my old friend who stopped being my friend without telling me. Anyways I found out I had OCD &amp; I started luvox. It did take a few extra weeks then expected but over the last month I&#039;ve began to really not worry &amp; have the compulsive consistent non stop worries! I&#039;ve definitely came a long way. Especially that my friend assured me if he would stop being my friend he would let me know"
"I have been on Saxenda for two and a half weeks. I lost 4 lbs the first week, 3 more the next week and now I&#039;m down a total of 13 lbs! I really didn&#039;t think it would work for me. The first two weeks were really hard and I felt sick. I&#039;m doing a lot better. My portion sizes are a lot smaller. I don&#039;t work out, which I know I need to and the weight will come off even faster. My goal is to loose a total of 50 lbs, but I will still be obese at that. 

Another thing, I am bulimic. I have not forced myself to throw up since I have been on this medication."
"I weighed 245 about 2 years ago. Had tried phen-fen, and just about every type of diet imaginable!  I was 64 when I started. Im now at 165 (5&#039;10) and, while I could lose another 15, im not because my skin is so droopy due to years of losing/gaining hundreds of pounds (note to young women--you dont want this too happen to you) and im too old to have skin surgery. Losing weight was so easy with Belviq--feel full, no cravings and just eat less."
"I had severe constipation today and my stool was stuck I couldn&#039;t even sit down I had to pull what I could get out on my own in order to walk to get some milk of magnesia it helped me preety quickly I was so severely constipated I thought I was going to pass out as I was straining so badly I strongly recommend milk of magnesia it saved me a trip to the emergency room I will let other&#039;s no it&#039;s a terrific product for constipation thank you milk of magnesia you gave me the relief I needed after 6 hrs of extremely constipation I was in so much pain and you helped me get through it thank you so much I am so grateful for your help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I regret, in hindsight, trying this method of birth control. I had been on the microgestin pill for about 5 years prior to trying this - microgestin had worked really well and helped clear my body and face acne significantly.
I had the nexplanon in a total of 8 months (at age 21) - the first 2-3 months were fine probably because my body was still adapting to the change in hormones. After about 3 months it all went downhill. After that 3 month mark hit I began having nonstop bleeding, I became moody and depressed most of the time, my anxiety got worse, and my acne began coming back as it had when I was a teenager before the pill. 
Since taking it out, my acne is clearing and my mood is better. I am so happy to be done with it."
"I had gotten this as &quot;samples&quot; from an obgyn I saw for the first time.  From the day I started taking it; it was &quot;not bad&quot; but with in a week my period came back in a horrible way with the worst cramps ever.  I even began having bad side effects on the left side of my abdomen, and still have them to this very day.  I notifed both the obgyn and my doctor about it - and they told me to stop taking the pill.  Have not been on that pill since January and saw a new obgyn and gave me a new pill than this one.  (No side effects yet).
Never again taking this pill - glad this was not a prescription to me."
"ALLI works great for me. At first I lost 30 pounds in less than a year, stopped it for a while, gained some back but went back on it and lost another 12lbs. I have been off it for 4 months because of the latest recall and am trying to be good. I loved ALLI because bowel movements were regular and I didn&#039;t have to take it unless I ate more fatty stuff than I should. When will it be back? I hope it does come back and soon!"
"Pepto-Bismol did not CURE my problem; but it slowed diarrhea until I was able to get to the doctor.  A must have in all medicine cabinets!"
"I wrote a review about this birth control pill 1 month in taking the pill. Things were great besides the 1 breakout that I can&#039;t necessarily put on  the pill. 
But now 4 months in I&#039;m having to go to my gynecologist back again because things worsened considerably. I break out like a teenager (I never had a pimple in my life and I have no idea what to do about it), I actually have cysts and they&#039;re sore to touch!!! I mean, it&#039;s ridiculous! I starting having dryness during sex (no so much now but I had to adjust my methods subsequently ;)  ), irregular periods, random spotting, can&#039;t plan anything cuz I don&#039;t know when my period will come...and my breasts are very tender to touch. I honestly hate it. It doesn&#039;t do anything for me :("
"I find it causes my hands to go tingly and my heart races sometimes. I have also had tingling in my head to."
"I was on the NuvaRing for almost 2 years before discontinuing due to side effects. At first, it was very convenient and I did not gain any weight. Over time though, I started to experience worse and worse heart palpitations, dizziness, anxiety and paranoia. I noticed these symptoms would intensify the day I took my NuvaRing out. I have been off it for about a year and I feel much better."
"I&#039;m on Nexplanon for about a week or so and already breaking out bad also have lower stomach pain which is one of the signs to call a doctor to remove it going tomorrow also coughed out a little blood never again the side effects scare me read them all on the nexplanon website along with others don&#039;t recommend rather be on something that has less severe side effects"
"I took this pill for three months. That&#039;s all I could take as it completely ruined my skin! It gradually got worse and worse and now I have horrible scars that make me want to just cry. I will say, the acne was my only downfall with this pill. It prevented pregnancy and I felt completely myself and non hormonal - but it ruined my skin in three months. My acne stopped as soon as I quit the pill"
"I&#039;ve been using for two months and the results have been amazing. My skin is clearer and brighter than it has been for years. I use Fincea every morning and Soolantra every night. After the first massive die off and resulting flare up after two weeks it has been smooth sailing."
"I was having trouble with drainage into my throat, practically choking and gagging.  This worked really well. It cleared that up and took care of the drainage.
It did keep me awake at night, but I found that if I took the two daytime doses, I didn&#039;t really need the nighttime one."
"For the last few years I have had recurrences, sometimes as often as once a week of vomiting and diarrhea.  It seemed to be traced to exhaustion and fatty foods.  In the meantime, my wife contacted C. Difficile in the hospital.  Along the way, I may have contracted C.Diffcile too.  In any event, my doctor prescribe Flagyl, which I took four times a day for 10 days.  This cleared everything up but the problem kept occurring.  For the last 45 days I have been taking 2, 250 mg. capsules once a day.  Recently I have cut down to one.  Although I have had occasional diarrhea, there has been no vomiting or nausea.  "
"Zoloft has helped with my anxiety and pms. Just think twice about going on something like this unless you really need it. I tried going off of it once and was absolutely nauseous for 8 months straight, I could barely eat. I thought it would get better but ultimately I had to go back on zoloft then my symptoms subsided. So just a wholistic route before started on these types of medication."
"The song&quot; fire&quot; comes to mind.  After inserting cream immediate pain, itch and burning.  I thought I was going to die and became short of breath.   I showered I prayed for Gods mercy and it worked.  There was some cramping but mild"
"I have a fear of driving and social anxiety when it comes to standing in line etc. did Zoloft for 2 weeks and thought my life was over. Went and changed my meds to lexapro half a pill every night before bed.i feel like me again. Not a different happy weirdo but the old me. I am now on 10mg and it&#039;s only been a month but I&#039;m so glad how it&#039;s working. A little sweaty but that&#039;s about it . I also take blood pressure meds for my anxiety as needed. Before anyone tries xanaex or lorazepam I highly recommend this medicine. No side effects and non habit forming"
"This medicine is wonderful for people who suffer from panic attacks, any type of anxiety, or seizures. It has a double life. So its always in your system to help control the panic/anxiety attacks. It doesn&#039;t give you a high feeling. It just calms you down. It&#039;s a long acting benzodiazepine."
"Stay away from all benzodiazepines If you have BPD. You&#039;ll rage like nobody&#039;s business the next day."
"I have suffered from cystic acne on my face and back since I was 16 (I&#039;m now 27). I was on birthcontrol Diane for 10 years that helped with the embarassing acne but I wanted to go off of synthetic hormones. My acne came back with a vengance one the birth control was out of my system (about 5 months later) and I was at a loss- 

My derm recmmended a regimen of applying Ziana gel at night and Acanya in the mornings and also wanted to put me on antibiotics- I never took the Solodyn because I only like to take antibiotics in extreme cases to my kind to my gut. 

It took 3-4 months for the acne to clear up and the dark spots to disappear but it is 100% gone! Not a single breakout. Be patient its worht it!"
"Starting Lexapro was tough.  Shivering with stomach cramps, for a week I constantly felt like I had taken some bad, terribly impure Ecstasy.

Once I became acclimated to the drug, my postpartum anxiety disappeared; however, I was incredibly fatigued during the day.

I also stopped caring about most things in general.  My house wasn&#039;t as clean and creative endeavors came to a halt.  My short term memory declined.  It felt like my brain was muffled.

I experienced lucid, unnerving dreams/nightmares most nights while taking Lexapro.

I gained 8 pounds in the 8 months I took it, all in my middle.  It took a long time to get this off afterward.

Getting off Lexapro was also tough, with back pain, insomnia, and 10 days of &quot;brain zaps&quot;."
"I have been suffering from endometriosis for 3 years. A low estrogen pill with iron &quot;reminder&quot; pills has been the only thing to help my severe cramps and bleeding. My periods are lighter but unfortunately not shorter. I&#039;m willing to overlook that because I don&#039;t get nausea or headaches as much."
"I broke my neck and back 2 years ago combined with other medicines it works well. I can hardly get around without it."
"I have been taking quetiapine for 4 and a half months now after suffering with Borderline Personality Disorder for years. I was first diagnosed in 04 when I was 19, 8 years later I received the same diagnosis then 6 months later started receiving treatment when I started the medicine (100mg at night). It made me sleep all night long but did not do very much for my mood, was still in a very dark place. After a couple of months I found it was not &quot;knocking me out&quot; the way it had been and I was starting to be up throughout the night and now I don&#039;t sleep for more then an hour before waking up at night. My mood has lifted  it has only improved on a normal day but still find certain situations difficult like dealing with people outside. Hopefully it will improve."
"Evekeo made me feel like I had the flu. I felt like I had stayed up until 5am drinking tequila. I had had no alcohol at all. My muscles ached, I was exhausted, I felt like I was going to puke, and I could barely move. I went back to Vyvanse after 2 days. It ends too early for me, but doesn&#039;t make me miserable."
"In a matter of 3 years gained 44 lbs and had numerous softball size ovarian cysts. I ran and ate healthy, no change in diet (trained for marathon) and continued to gain weight. Breast pain and acne."
"This is a miracle drug for us. Lots of prayers for the one who discovered it. My mum was finally diagnosed with schizophrenia in 2015 after 10 years. Those 10 years were horrific and prior to diagnoses the situation got so much worse that the last option, which was staring us in the eye, was to institutionalize her. Me and my siblings faced a very turbulent childhood, it was a roller-coaster ride. But this drug changed everything to the point of disbelief. My mum has changed from a lunatic to a stereotypical, traditional, loving mom. The effects of the drug were instant- within a month. The dosage is 1ml in the morning and 2ml in the night-  we mix it in her food or drinks. "
"I started on pregabalin 18mths ago, on 50mg twice daily then 75mg twice daily. Its been 12 mths on twice daily 75mg and they have stopped working my anxiety and panic is back. Going back to GP today hoping to increase it. I don&#039;t want to stop it. I don&#039;t want anti depressants I am not depressed. I have come so far on pregabalin I don&#039;t want to stop. But I do think my body has got used to it."
"My Nuvaring experience was great! I LOVE IT. At first I lost sexual desire but then I felt maybe I&#039;m just listening to these reviews too much it was all in my head its fine now. I didn&#039;t have any side effects, I didn&#039;t gain weight. I would recommend this to any girl.  "
"My OBGYN suggested I take this instead of Wellbutrin and Zoloft. It helped but not like the other two. I switched back as soon as I could."
"Most effective treatment"
"I have been taking Bydureon for several years. Prior to Bydureon my A1C was 9.2. It&#039;s now 6.4. It took about 6-8 months but the bumps did disappear. The other side effects are now very minimal. I do get bad GI effects if I over eat...but that&#039;s a good deterrent. Over three years and still loving it!"
"It&#039;s been a great experience for a couple months now since I have been on it. I totally recommend to those who aren&#039;t going to plan a next one for a couple more years ahead!"
"Tried metformin &amp; other oral meds but none could control my fasting levels &amp; met forming makes me very nauseous.

Endo suggested Victoza. Gave me samples to test. Lost about 10lbs in the first 1-2 weeks of using it. No obvious side effects, initially. Sugar levels seemed to normalize &amp; I had a complete loss of appetite. All seemed well.

The samples ran out &amp; I went for a period not using it while I awaited an endo follow up. I could see the difference in my blood sugar levels when I stopped.

However, after getting back on it the weight loss did not continue. 

The longer I use it the less it works. Now experiencing shortness of breath. Seeing a cardiologist tomorrow.

Side effects I&#039;ve experienced are constipation, extreme fatigue, shortn"
"When I first starting taking abilify, I was about 14 and a half and 130 pounds, and it worked great. My mood was great, side effects were minimal. However, over the course of about a year I have gained almost 60 pounds, and that was while playing two varsity sports and a club sport that whole time, so I was active majority of that time. When I came off it recently, I lost about 10 pounds over two weeks, but I was much worse than I was before I went on it, (which I find weird), so I was put back on. It is impossible to get the weight to go away."
"I have had a recent history of anxiety and depression (last 5 years) and have tried several medications for both disorders.  Unlike Lexapro, I felt all of them had much more pronounced side Effects.  I have been taking 10mg of Lexapro for two months and feel it has really hit the &quot;sweet spot&quot;. The only noticeable side Effect has been a short period of &quot;the jitters&quot;.  I&#039;ll feel this is a really useful medication with a very pleasant &quot;mellowing&quot; effect."
"Tuesday 2am chills, sweats, fever, horrible bodyaches, headache. Got in to see Dr on Wednesday 10am and tested positively for influenza. Took first dose of Tamiflu right after Dr&#039;s appointment and its now Friday 11am and I&#039;m feeling different. I can actually get around the house no fever, sweats, chills, headache, etc. just still draggy and tired but still 2 days of medicine left. I will say definitely works!"
"This medication helps more than anything I have tried I have severe angina. I do recommend this as treatment."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for two years now and have had a pretty positive experience. I choose the patch because unlike the pill it was only once a week and didn&#039;t have many horrifying side effects like some other options out there.  I place my patch on my stomach near my belly button area, per the instructions. I find  that on my skin it stays put but removal can be a bit painful hence why I always remove it in the shower while using plenty of soap. My periods while in the patch are short and sweet and to the day. I usually have 2 days of light bleeding and two medium days to end my cycle. I did notice some weight gain, but nothing crazy and nothing I worried myself with. 

Just remember every body reacts differently to birth control!"
"It&#039;s been an hour and a half, took recommended dosage, it&#039;s done NOTHING."
"My back pain started right after the kidney infection and tried X-ray, ultrasound, and therapy (still going for therapy), and physical massages. I avoided any medicine until I felt feverish one day and took one Advil pill. As I was sitting down comfortably and had to get up to make dinner, I noticed drastic change that I was in lesser pain, but still in pain. I was able to move better than I have been in two months. The physical therapy was helping, but it was a slow progress due to my work environment that requires me to lift heavy things. The massages were a bit helpful, but I wanted it everyday sort of a thing to get a relief. I ended up taking 2 Advils, but it wasn&#039;t enough for me. I told the doctor and she gave me this! No more pain!"
"This medicine did not work for me.  I suffer from Bipolar with mood swings and panic disorder.  I went up to 10mg and It seemed to help my mood but it pushed my anxiety off the charts. I was a shaky mess while taking it and also unable to focus and complete tasks.  Went off within 4 weeks."
"After 6 months with this IUD I couldn&#039;t take it anymore. I HAD to have it removed. I have never ever in my life dealt with depression/anxiety/panic attacks until I got the Copper IUD. (Before the IUD my periods were fairly light and 4-5 days on average. Light PMS. Some back pain) with the IUD  they were 7-8 days. So heavy I had to wear a pad and a jumbo tampon and change every 2 hours HORRIBLE cramping to where my only relieve was laying in bed curled up with heating pad. Midol/Tylenol rarely made a difference. Around my time of PMS I would suddenly feel very very depressed and sooo fatigue. And then my mind would race into a downward spiral where I would then panic I would feel this way forever.... Glad to have this out &amp; be me again!!!!"
"I am currently on 3200 MG a day (was on 2400 a day, but after 5 years started to develop a tolerance).  I have been put on it for my bipolar then taken off of it then put back on it for an injury to my neck.  After several nightmare drug trials including Geodon, Tegretol, Lithium, Seroquel, and Zyprexa and more... I will never again stray from this medication.  The ones in the list that did help caused horrific side effects mostly being a feeling like restless leg syndrome (except with Seroquel it was all over my body), and with Lithium I have never wanted to commit suicide as strongly as I did on the two times I attempted that medication.  Neurontin makes me calmer, sometimes giggly I admit, and sometimes zoned out but this is rare."
"Never tried diazepam for anxiety or any other medication I also tried it for RLS . Its really effective but hard to stop and withdrawals are hell. I also acting like a zombie have risky sexual behaviour with this."
"I knew Day 1 was always the worst but my goodness, I feel like a million mosquitos have inhabited the inside of my vag. It&#039;s not really burning for me, it&#039;s the ITCH that could kill. I&#039;m laying here in bed debating if I should just go rinse it out in the shower because I&#039;m pretty sure I&#039;ve almost clawed it raw at this point. Though reading these reviews is not only distracting but making me laugh because I can sooo relate right now. The only reason I&#039;m doing monistat is because I&#039;m severely allergic to Diflucan. (Which is incrediblyyyy unfortunate since I get YI&#039;s pretty regularly.) If you can, just get the pill. It&#039;s not worth losing multiple nights of sleep and feeling like your vag turned into a mosquitos biting party.."
"I have had high blood pressure for 4 years (now age 69) my doctor prescribed spironolactone as part of my treatment take one 25 MG tablet every day in the morning. to reduce body salt and retain potassium. I was not advised of the side effects such as lack of sexual drive. I have to urinate about 6 times per day (twice overnight) which is a minor problem, difficult getting to sleep, avoid taking sleeping pills, get light headed and dizzy spells at times have to take time when rising from the sitting position. Do not have any of the other side effects as described in the literature. With other medicines my blood pressure is under control."
"I received this medication in the ER for kidney stones.  Twice before the ER had given me Demerol for this pain and while it helped it did not completely give me relief.  THIS did! I do not know if it caused nausea or not, because they gave me Zofran along with it.  I know that if I am ever in severe pain again I hope the doctor will give me this medicine.  Also I had no memory loss like I do with morphine, which is a plus.  I only received it through IV."
"I put up with pain in lower back after strain for a week,  I tried the voltaren gel before bed,  it gave me relief from pain initially but I woke up at 4am in even worse pain. I&#039;m not going to use again.  I&#039;m going back to tumeric and black pepper, and heat packs and stretches."
"I have been on venlafaxine for almost 10 years. After being diagnosed with severe depression when I was in my twenties, I was prescribed Prozac on which I couldn&#039;t function, and then Paxil which worked okay at first.  Several years later after years of both manic and depressive episodes,  the worst  full-blown manic episode got me re-diagnosed as bi-polar. I was prescribed venlafaxine, a very small dose which made me violently ill for over 2 weeks, but after that, it improved and I felt better. My dosage has been upped numerous times. I am now at 225 mg and have been for a couple of years. It has been a life saver. I feel like I have a new life; one without rages, anxiety, and depression. My family is much more stable now that I am stable."
"I had my SKYLA IUD put in in August of 2014. It was the best decision I ever made. The cramps were not bad at first.. it took a few days for the cramps to happen, then it was just slightly worse than normal period cramps.. they only lasted for a couple of days. It took me about 8 months until my period completely disappeared. From September and onward my periods were lighter. I DID experience some in between spotting, but it wasn&#039;t anything major and happened maybe 3 times tops and the spotting lasting for 2-4 days. Again, NOT major and NOT unusual. Now, I did have a weird smell down there that my OB GYN said was a build up of bad bacteria. I was prescribed a vaginal cream which was similar=for yeast infection, it went away in 1 week"
"3 months on drug. No noticeable side effects. Amazing results, even doctor was shocked. Combined levels before using Repatha over 260. With Repatha 108.  More importantly LDL levels dropped to 28. Did not change eating habits at all to get these results."
"Does cause mild nausea at first and also when changing doses but I take it night and usually slept right through it, it only lasts an.hour or so. Other than that I love it. I was feeling hopeless, stressed, accussing my boyfriend constantly of being negligent. I was taking prozac before and it worked but made me tired and I blacked out when I drank. With brintillex I skip it if I drink and have plenty of energy and no issues. I felt good just a couple days after taking it but that subsided then a couple weeks later the &quot;cloud&quot; of depression just sorta lifted."
"Effective for manic anxiety in my case.Started well-But 12 months in:Put on 3 stone in weight/from size 12 to 18/Developed large pot belly associated with this drug &amp; look 6 months pregnant/Chronic flatulence/Exhausted after a drugged 12 hour sleep each night so cannot work/Really bad memory loss/No libido whatsoever/The general slothness of not having the energy or impetus to do anything. The hunger this drug creates is insatiable: a sudden hollow pit in your stomach that needs to be filled instantly-I have never experienced anything like it, even throughout pregnancy. I you&#039;re ok living life not giving a damn about anything, this is for you,it does spin you out to nothingness. If you want a recovery-refuse this drug &amp; seek an alternative"
"At this point I have the implant for 9 months. First 6 I was either spotting or on my period. My mood was completely different, and all over the place to the point me and my boyfriend broke up for a month. I was not myself and to this point I still don&#039;t act completely the same. About a month ago to two months I started to get very bad cramping to the point where no medicine would work I had to sit in the pain for the 10-60 second pain that was going on. I have never had pain period cramps except for the rare ones that would come once a year but this is every time I&#039;m on my period and now my period can last for two to three weeks of this pain. My sister has it and she&#039;s doing fine with it"
"I started intuniv when I was 11 almost 12 and those first 6 months were hell, I would sleep from the time I got home from school so 3 p.m. until 6 a.m. the next morning and WAS STILL TIRED! I would fall asleep in class or on the bus it was miserable. We told the doctor and she said well just push through it and push through the tiredness, might I add if you were ever on this medicine it is not a tired you can just push through. But I tried to anyways for the next year or so and I would not sleep everyday as much but there were some days where I would sleep the entire days away! It did get better but I would still fall asleep in class and be exhausted constantly!! FINALLY when I was 15 the dr took me off of that and its been so wonderful!!!"
"Second routine colonoscopy - first one phosphasoda prep - not available anymore - terrible but clean bowel. This time on Prepopik - terrible - fainted twice - nausea - and 1/4 not cleaned out - recommended repeat in one year I don&#039;t think so - 
Stuff tasted ok"
"Obstetrician prescribed this to me due to a chest infection/head cold that resulted in no sleep for me. It totally knocked me out - I slept better than I had during my entire pregnancy. Great part is I still have plenty of fetal movement."
"Great product! It does what it says it does."
"Diagnosed with major depressive disorder 9 months ago, my whole life just fell apart, I coudn&#039;t sleep, couldn&#039;t eat, was having panic attacks every day. Tried every herbal remedy on the market but none of them worked. Started lexapro 4 months ago and it has helped to lift my mood by about 40% I am sleeping better but I am always tired and foggy headed everyday. I find myself being happy and full of life only 1 day a week then I will go back to the same way again, I am so sick of the ups and downs, last week I had 2 good days then a whole week of crying and feeling terrible. After 4 months It is just not doing what I thought it would have done for me. I feel like I will never get my old like back"
"I switched to Vicodin HP from Lortab 7.5 and was also offered to have Lortab 10. After taking it for two days, Vicodin HP kills my pain. My pain is worse than you can ever imagine, I have every injury spots on my back. Vicodin HP just completely kills it and now got me doing what I always loved to do. Drive my four wheeler and rock climbing on my four wheeler. So Vicodin HP is one for you if you have bad pain. A lot of people says Lortab beats Vicodin, wrong. I experienced with Lortab for more than four years and Vicodin says otherwise! Vicodin HP, that is."
"RA and UC. Injection is awful, painful and leaves horrific rash and brusing. On Humira RA has not improved in fact gotten worse. Literally had to get a depo and toradal injection today for bad inflammation and excruciating joint pain. The nausea is beyond manageable, and the headaches! Side effects are killing me. I really wish I could upload pics of my injection sites."
"I started taking this drug in January of 2016 and for the first two months everything was fine. After the first two months of having no side effects, things got bad. I got extremely painful cystic acne around my mouth, painful menstrual cramps, headaches, and I went from weighing 150 pounds to now 180 pounds. At the beginning I barely had a period but at the end it was back to being the long and dreadful periods I once had. This birth control obviously did what it was supposed to by preventing me from getting pregnant, but the side effects were not worth it. My doctor has no changed me to Yaz so I am hoping this is a better experience."
"Worst nightmare ever! I had a slight yi and was on antibiotics so I thought I&#039;ll cut it off at the pass and spring for the big guns so I opted for the ovule. Day 1 was fine no real issues. I woke up day 2 with the biggest mother of all itches and it burned too I tried the cream that comes with it made it worse!?! My lady parts swelled . I took oatmeal bath read other reviews and decided it was just a bad reaction. day 3 hives on my thighs and hips. Then the moved to anywhere I scatched a welt would show up. The only relief for the itch was ice but I was a little afraid to get frostbite on my burning deformed lady bits. Day 4 woke up at 4am went to urgent care am on prednisone and Benadryl the Dr said don&#039;t ever use again. the end!"
"Took ambien with no problems. Doctor wanted me to come off ambien and try Belsomra. He gave me samples. Took a 10mg dose and it didn&#039;t help me fall asleep or stay asleep. Up all night. Then- the weird nightmares. I had hours of vivid nightmarish dreams. Not good. Woke up exhausted. Why would anyone take this medication if it&#039;s going to give you nightmares? I&#039;m already an insomniac. I don&#039;t need nightmares and hallucinations too. Going back to ambien."
"I was diagnosed with GAD with symptoms including general fatigue, anxiety, panic and insomnia. Started off at 35mg but now on 150mg in morning and 75mg at night which seems to be keeping me pretty stable. However the withdrawal is horrendous. If I miss a couple of doses I get brain zaps, I can hear my eyeballs moving in my head, very anxious and panic. It works but this is some seriously messed up stuff...I can see I may have to be on this forever wheras I gave up prozac cold turkey with no problems at all."
"At 53,andtwo weeks ago I was diagnosed with ADHD after my 23 year old son was diagnosed with ADD and questions being brought up about my ADHD behaviours.
The last two weeks have been the best and most peaceful of my life. Over so many years I have developed ways to deal with my advanced ADHD but I always felt like I was living on top of life and not within it. Most of my day was pushing against unknown anxieties constant head noise and almost unnatural abilities to work within chaotic events. Probably because my whole being was a chaotic mess. Just  2 weeks and oh the joy of peace but still with energy. Oh the ability to think on one subject at a time without locking into super hyper focus shut out the world mode . Did I say oh the peace "
"Started using Veltin in August.  Started seeing results (less cystic breakouts), but didn&#039;t see consistent results until December.  All I can say is stick with it!  I now regularly go 2-3 weeks without any breakouts, 100% clear.  Prior to Veltin, breakouts happened every 1-2 days.  

Major con is it dries out skin (not just where it just feels dry, but actual peeling).  The dry skin rubs off in the shower.  Pro is since it is a retinoid product, new skin feels and looks healthier."
"I was prescribed Nucynta, Celebrex and a muscle relaxer due to a fall at work that resulted in a torn hip tendon. I was also in &quot;pool therapy&quot; for 12 weeks as well.  Nucynta saved my life! I took it 3x&#039;s per day and was completely functional while taking it and the other prescriptions.  I only needed it for 60 days but I was able to work as our company worker&#039;s comp did not pay for anything beyond 5 days of off time due to injury.  I highly recommend it but you prescribing doctor must adhere to the prescription writing protocol in place by the manufacturer. Nucynta must be the only medicine on the prescription form, the prescription is not faxable - you must present the actual prescription in person."
"60 year old women with bone on bone and need TKR, however my doctor suggested Euflexxa saying I was too young for surgery.  I am one and a half months out from my third injection.  After the first injection I was able to sleep through the night without my knees locking, which was a huge improvement. My doctor said to take it easy for 48 hours after each injection and to ice four times a day.  Right knee responded much better than the left, but I do have some pain relief in both knees.  I started Physical Therapy 4 weeks prior to the injections and the doctor advised to continue as long as my insurance will pay.  My doctor advised I will be at my optimum 3 months out from the third injection."
"Before starting my birth control my cycle was very irregular. Flow was always very heavy, two or three days before my cycle would start I would have  severe migranes that caused me to vomit and be bed ridden for hours on end due to the pain in cramps.I would often change my tampon 5-8 times a day. After starting this prescription I have noticed a complete change. Headaches stopped I have an occasional migraine towards the beginning but could be caused from stress as well. I start my cycle every third green pill for the moth. I never wake up with a mess its wake up to use the restroom and oh I think it started very faintly red. My cramps are very minimal. I highly recommend this medication it has made my cycle manageable and comfortable."
"Nasonex was prescribed because I can&#039;t breathe easily through my nose. It is hard to sleep at night and breathing through my mouth is very troublesome.  I would wake several times at night with dry mouth, throat and in the morning, have a raspy voice. Dr thought I might have allergies and thought the Nasonex might open up nasal passages."
"After being on Diovan for three months I notice ankles are less swollen than in the past but continue to swell. I also take Arimidex, a cancer medicine. Diovan has proved to be the best medicine for me to date."
"I have had migraines since my first son was born nearly 27 years ago.  They had become more and more frequent....almost daily.   I was using the maximum amount of Maxalt that my insurance would allow.  I asked my doctor for a prophylactic medication for migraines.  I am now up to 100 mg of Topiramate 2 X daily.   Yes there are some side effects. I have some tingling in my hands, sometimes my mouth is dry, if I don&#039;t have to work or don&#039;t have a lot planned I feel tired and lazy.   I crave less sweets/ food in general...sometimes feel a little nauseated. I was losing weight (20 lbs) before starting the medication and continued after.   I have stabilized at a 40lb weightloss.  No other side effects.  Restless legs are gone.   Better sleep."
"I have had implanon for just over a year. Although its a great BC, I have had no weight gain or mood swings which I like but I do not stop bleeding it&#039;s so irregular I still have no pattern I am currently stuck in a 2 week period and starting to get bad cramping. When I first got it I had a 3 week period it seemed to be fine and then it&#039;s just changed again also my skin has turned into a teen in puberty :("
"Started it 8 days ago. 4 days nothing. Had to use magnesium citrate pills 3 in morning and 3 at night with the trulance. My doctor wants me off magnesium citrate and just rely on trulance ( new Dr doesn&#039;t know my how my body shuts Down yet) gives me bloating and gas where magnesium citrate didn&#039;t. Just pleasing the Dr till more tests are run."
"Took Plan B One-Step 2 days after sex. Gave me extremely bad cramps, dizziness, light-headedness, very heavy bleeding and my cycle lasted about 9 days. I should have gotten pregnant however, I&#039;m not pregnant and the short term side effects are nothing compared to pregnancy symptoms AND HAVING A BABY. and, once again, I&#039;m not pregnant!"
"Can&#039;t give a real good rate for this drug since I&#039;m only taking it for the 2nd time today. It tastes bad, tongue numb for a few minutes after taking it. So far it is just making me tired and loopy and having some gas tonight. But then I have been very very tired for many months now and perhaps the extra sleep this allows will help me get back to normal again. I have had noises, shadows, and racing thoughts and flash backs to deal with that may have been due to anxiety etc.. Hope I don&#039;t have stomach upset in future as someone else mentioned that happening to them.  I will have to return and give a new rating after I&#039;ve been on this a while longer."
"I don&#039;t recommend this at all! I know everyone&#039;s body react different. At least mine reacted negatively. I had my period for 6 months, started having breast pain and discharge, I was always tired, and oh my gosh acne!! Finally, it was a damn painful process to take it out since it was really hard to find it."
"I have had this implant for almost two years now. It works as far as contraception goes, but has caused other issues. Most birth control methods have a downside to the side effects. My experience with Nexoplanon was effective yet torturous. I have two weeks of PMS and soreness and everything involved with pre-period times, and then once I finally got my period, it would last for over three weeks. So I was either had PMS, or bleeding throughout the month. I&#039;m having the implant removed and then giving my body some time without any birth control for a while to balance myself out, hormonally speaking."
"Well, I have always been a little heavy.... not an avid athlete or calorie cruncher.  However, when I had the IUD put in 4 years ago , I was only 10 lbs, from my pre-baby weight.  Since then, I have gotten progressively moody, have close to no sex drive and have gained close to fifty pounds!  I was told that these were not side effects by my doctor.  When I told him that I was having mood problems he prescribed my prozac.   (MY OB/GYN)   Now that I have read some reviews, I realized that maybe I am not crazy...........  I had no pain when inserted and have had no periods since I had it put in.  Which is great.  There has been a clear discharge, almost monthly, some odor and I have absolutely no bladder control.  Time to take it out!"
"I&#039;m a 20 year old college student who just got this today, it&#039;s been about 7 hours. I may be a bit biased because I can have a low pain tolerance, but this was the worst pain in my life. The speculum was like a regular pap and wasn&#039;t so bad, but the clamp on my cervix and the actual insertion was so painful. After it was over with I started to have severe cramps and although they&#039;re not as severe now, I&#039;m still cramping badly 7 hours later. So glad I did this on my day off because I could not have worked. Actually came home and slept for 2 hours afterwards to sleep through the pain. I&#039;m glad that I&#039;m covered for 3 years, but I will never get this again."
"I am 67. This is what you need to know:
1. Refrigerate the water and solution, the colder the better.
2. Wash the mixing container before the next two containers of water, the smell is worse than the taste.
3. Have at least a fresh role of toilet paper and a toilet bowl brush, you will need them.
4. Have a package of diaper wipes, it makes the mess easier to clean up.

I went two days without food just to make this job easier, I do not mind hunger. The day prior to the my 7am appointment I drank the first round starting at 1pm. It started to work in 20 minutes. The second round I started at 6pm, it again was working in 20 minutes and over in about 3 hours. 
Prior to using the solution I drank a lot of gator aid, no hunger to speak of."
"I&#039;ve been on Implanon for about 10 months now. And I have to say that I am extremely satisfied with the results! I&#039;ve had no periods which means no mood swings. Everything was leveled. I was worried about weight gain on this medication but its actually extremely easy to lose weight on Implanon if you are unsatisfied for whatever reason.

Truth be told I did break out really bad in the first few months, but after a regimen change my skin cleared right up.

I love Implanon and I haven&#039;t stopped recommending it!"
"No side effects the first day, after that bloating and nausea. Final day of use prolonged vomiting and diarrhea, over 10 hours before it stopped. Discontinued use and informed doctor."
"I&#039;ve been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen for four months. My period use to be random and I would bleed heavily for 7 to 8 days. I had horrible cramps and nausea. Horrible moody PMS.  Now... Light periods, 3 to 4 days. Same time. I&#039;ve gained weight while on the pill, my breasts got bigger but I was petite to begin with. No acne. At the beginning I was emotional for the first month but now I&#039;m not. Only thing that is happening now is I have pain during sex. I would be ready to go but once my boyfriend and I try it hurts for him to put it in, and I&#039;ll have to stop because it hurts so bad. I&#039;m making an appointment now to see the doctor but I&#039;ve heard it&#039;s because of the low dose of estrogen."
"I started taking Losartan about 3 weeks ago as a replacement for Lisiniprol, which made me cough all the time.  Everytime I take Losartan, 50mg, I get a lot of abdominal and chest discomfort.  It wasn&#039;t controlling my BP as well as the doctor wanted it to, so she upped my dosage to 100mg.  That only led to increased thoracic discomfort, which I am not willing to endure on a daily basis.  Moving on to try something else..."
"I really like this medicine it&#039;s only been about 3 weeks and I&#039;m feeling good, but for the last 2 weeks I have had a bloody nose everyday. So I have decided to stop taking it as of today and ask my doctor for a different prescription"
"After a lifetime of smoking I&rsquo;m finally free. 
But two important things: nausea is the most common side effect. The answer to nausea? Take the champix with a travel (gravol) tab. Works like a dam!!
And: it took three complete cycles until I was finally free. 
I have and will give this drug my highest and heartiest recommendation. 
Cheers and good luck."
"I&#039;ve had to have 2 injections of Dilaudid for migraines.  After each one, I started having severe knee pain and have no idea what the connection might be.  It often radiates up into my hip."
"I honestly didn&#039;t realize how much I loved this birth control until I switched. I&#039;m currently taking Jolessa and it&#039;s horrible. Microgestin was perfect for me because I would never bleed in between, I wasn&#039;t emotional and I didn&#039;t gain weight. I also took my packs back to back for 3 months and I wouldn&#039;t spot until I was off of it. Really need to get back on this BC."
"Have been taking Buspar for over 10 years along with an antidepressant.  Before taking Buspar, anxiety attacks were so bad that I could not work for several years.  I take it at night and no side effects, unlike other anti-anxiety medicines."
"So far so good. Just like all the other medications, you have to monitor your symptoms.  It took about 4-5 months for full effect. Haven&#039;t had to use prednisone since then going on 2+ years now."
"I&#039;ve been on Ocella for about 8 months now and it&#039;s cleared up my acne pretty well (I&#039;m on Accutane to kill the rest off). I also use it to stop my periods. It works well for that purpose. The only reason I give it 9/10 is that I spot if I skip too many, which didn&#039;t happen with Jolessa. But other than that it&#039;s a great pill and I have no side effects from it. I would recommend trying it for acne or to stop periods. I can&#039;t speak on it&#039;s effectiveness for pregnancy prevention or other conditions."
"I have been taking Apri for the last month and a half and I like it. I am 19 and this is my first time on birth control, I am using it for PCOS, polycystic ovarian syndrome. I have lost five pounds and my acne is starting to clear up. The only issues I have are the munchies since I&#039;m trying to lose weight, but I just eat fruit or salad when I get super hungry like that. Hopefully things stay as great as they are. Wish you all the best of luck."
"I was prescribed Seroquel 50mg a few years ago after an eighteen-year battle with constant sleep problems. And it does help me get to sleep every night; my dosage has never changed. My only complaints are the RAMPANT hunger I experience before giving in to the fatigue and the dizziness/nausea when trying to stand for too long after the effects have set in.

As far as sleeping medication goes, Seroquel takes the cake. I don&#039;t notice any psychoactive effects aside from the sedation."
"It doesn&#039;t taste like anything when I took it. But I eat a meal with it and drink a glass of water/milk like it suggests. I&#039;ve taken this medication three times. Each time it makes my stomach hurt and I feel very nauseous. I also get sweaty and have bad diarrhea within in an hour or two. It clears the infection up well though."
"I am on day three of this thing. I&#039;ve missed this mornings dose because I felt deathly nauseous and depressed as thus stuff has me bedridden. I called in sick today. I work from home anyway, but I called in sick. I didn&#039;t even want to get the laptop from the living room to email I was that tired and lifeless from about 11 hours of &quot;almost going to vomit&quot; nausea. This stuff is brutal. I&#039;m sitting here looking at the next dose scared to take it, but if thus thing works then its the possibility of a lifetime of normality. Weighing up the odds of four more days of hell but if it doesn&#039;t work then next treatment will probably be more brutal. My mother had this triple therapy and has only complained of slight nausea and bad taste .So nauseous&amp;depressed:("
"I was prescribed Cefdinir after getting a sinus infection and bronchitis.  It solved that problem in just a few days, but after 3 days on it, my diarrhea became intolerable, far worse than the original sickness.  I stopped taking Cefdinir.  It&#039;s been over 3 weeks now of non-stop gastrointestinal pain that landed me an clonoscopy procedure, stool cultures at the hospital, and persistent diarrhea.  The worst of which culminated in a near black out from pain on the toilet.  My case may have been a rare exception but I&#039;m certain Cefdinir is no friend of mine."
"Using Chantix, I quit after a 40 year habit. Good stuff. A life saver"
"A side effect noted. Amount of ejaculate reduced to very near none."
"I tried it and I found that you could cheat with the product but I finally decided to give it all up. I have been smoke-free for 16 years now and enjoy smelling and tasting the real things in life. I don&#039;t miss smoking at all and I was a pack a day or more."
"I have a lot of faith in belviq. I will be starting the drug twice a day tomorrow morning. I&#039;ll post something every week. Wish me luck :)"
"I&#039;m 31 and have developed severe allergies over the past couple of years. My eyes are horrible, itchy, watery, burning at times. I finally broke down and went to an allergist. I am allergis to cats and dog, plus Dust Mites. Yay! I have 2 cats. She gave me a sample of Pataday, with a prescription. I have been using them everyday for 5 days, one drop in each eye in the morning. A M A Z I N G!!! My eyes are so clear, they don&#039;t itch, they don&#039;t water but a little in the morning and then I&#039;m good the rest of the day. I haven&#039;t rubbed them in five days, they are finally starting to heal. I have rubbed them raw with all the itching. I love these drops and can&#039;t wait to fill the prescription! My miracle eye drops. Thank you!"
"I was on this for about two months and I thought I was going insane. My depression was really bad and my stomach hurt and I have severe panic and anxiety attacks. Don&#039;t get this medicine if you have depression. It&#039;ll save you the tears and fights in your relationship."
"I&#039;m a 61 year old male. I have a herniated disc in my lower back. I was in severe pain. I received a series of steroid injections that really helped. Gradually the pain returned but not near as severe as the initial pain but bad enough to cause me a lot of discomfort. I&#039;ve since been taking one diclofenac 75 mg tablet with one tramadol 50 mg tablet every morning. This combination works just great for me and gets me through my work day. The diclofenac and the tramadol seem to enhance each other&#039;s effect I think. The only side effect that I&#039;ve noticed from this is slight constipation and a slight loss in appetite."
"I have panic disorder when I&#039;m under stress and it has been very helpful. I take 1.0 mg per day. It changes my negative thought process and allows me to focus on positive aspects of my life. I have been conservative in the dosage. I have taken as little as 0.25mg per day when I&#039;m feeling well and as much as 1.25 mg per day if I&#039;m under stressful conditions. I would follow your physicians instructions but this pattern of dosage seems to work for me."
"I tried every anti-psychotic, every re-uptake inhibitor known to man. In 2010 I had a  doctor work with me and prescribed Oxcarbazepine. I feel like my old self again. For over 4 years I was able to maintain employment, interact with my children in a healthier way. It has changed my life."
"In 3 days of use I had itchy scalp within 2 weeks I had to be taken off due to itchy rash on neck and face as it was getting worse. It has been 2 weeks on new medication and I am still having the breakout."
"I have had the copper IUD for close to two weeks. Unprotected sex with my boyfriend and long term birth control are the ONLY pros. Cons include: acne, anxiety, low sex drive, fatigue, weight gain (4 pounds in one week). cramps, random shooting pains. I am a thin woman with a high metabolism &amp; have found it impossible to lose the weight. I look puffy &amp; feel horrible. I wouldn&#039;t wish this experience on anyone. I&#039;m getting it removed today."
"Day 4 of this medication.  Taking it for a sinus infection.  Sinus pain and pressure are gone. I have now developed congestion in my lungs and it hurts to breath.  My stomach is irritated and my mouth and gums are raw. It has become difficult to drink or eat. 
Taking with Mucinex as prescribed. 
I feel worse."
"Didn&#039;t notice any side effects and slight reduction in back and shoulder pain."
"Lithium is the best medicine out there for Bi-Polar.  I have severe Bi-Polar with Rapid Cycling and have been on every medicine out there.  This is the only medicine that has worked.  I was always afraid to take it because of weight gain and the tests they have to run to check your lithium levels.  I&#039;m glad I decided to give it a try.  I had the shaky hands side effect really bad I couldn&#039;t even write a sentence.   My Doctor then prescribed me propranolol and after one day of taking it I have no more tremors.  I take them 4 times a day. Make sure you eat before you take the Lithium.  Good luck."
"I have been on Arimidex for 4 years.  Side effects I have had are severe hot flashes, and  ever increasing joint pain. I am considering going off the medication entirely, even though it has not been the full five years yet, or switching to a different medicine.  "
"My Pain mgt. doctor switched me from Demerol to Nucynta for break-through pain of chronic migraines.  Surprisingly, I found it to be effective, but I noticed from the start that it greatly diminished my language skills:  reading, writing, and speaking.  As per doctor&#039;s orders I stayed in bed while under the effects of Nucynta so this weird side effect didn&#039;t cause me any issues.
     Until...After using it for 15 months, I found my language skills to be extremely loopy, creating comments from friends and neighbors, DAYS after taking Nucynta. That scared me and my doctor immediately took me off this medicine when I finally advised her of the language problem it presented.  I could be reading a sentence and forget a word&#039;s meaning."
"Have suffered with insomnia for years. Tried many medications with Zolpidem  ER (Generic Ambien ER) 12.5 the only one that helped. Even then, still was not getting great results at times.  Tried 10 mg of Belsomra, hoping for a better result. This was one of the worst nights I have ever had in my life.  Was wide awake until 4:30, followed by horrible, segmented, almost hallucinogenic dreams. After my alarm woke me, I was in the strangest state of mind, where I had to make myself speak. I finally told my husband, I&#039;m sorry, I&#039;ve got plenty of conversation in my head, but I have to MAKE myself speak.  I was afraid to drive after this, and had my son drive me. This condition eventually got better. One dose. Never again."
"I had bad anxiety and would go 48 hours without sleeping so I was prescribed this to calm me down and help me slee, which it did worked great. I used it for 3 months till I got on Zoloft I would take 1mg pill 1 hour before bed. What a lifesaver."
"Knocks me out cold for 10 hours with no break in between. I wake up in the morning with my bladder ready to explode. But the sleep I got was not restful. I did not wake up feeling fresh. I started with 15mg and moved to 30mg after 2 weeks. It worked for 8 months that I took it. Then I stopped it to test myself. Have hardly slept in 2-1/2 months since then. May have to go back to Mirtazapine. But I am thinking of trying something else before I do that."
"I&#039;ve been on camrese for almost a month before I was on lo seasonique which I loved better. I switched because I was told  it helped better with cramps an lighten your period, but omg I been spotting every since I been on it! My period was due last week but i just been spotting. I&#039;m on my last week of pills this week. I take my pill every morning on time never miss still spotting smh. I&#039;m calling my doctor telling him I need to switch back over. Its  literally like your on your period for a whole month! I don&#039;t recommend at all!"
"I suffer from post nasal drip with constant coughing. Nothing else helped .Always got side effects 
I read where this product was good for my systems. Wow what a difference. Took 24 hours to see a difference  but boy the difference in coughing spells ,drainage was cut 75%.
I have felt this good in years. 
Even When I don&#039;t have post nasal drip."
"I&#039;ve taken Prozac a few times starting at 22. That 1st time was a nightmare! I literally lost time- only remember crying all the time...I don&#039;t even remember how long I took it! But that WAS 25 yrs ago. So I was deathly afraid to try it again til about 6 yrs ago. That time it was a lifesaver! I felt my mood lift alot after a week, then even more after a month. These results lasted for several yrs with some sexual side effects, but less than with Zoloft &amp; Lexapro (which also caused waking WIRED every 4 hrs). After a few yrs it felt like I was on nothing at all so I switched to Pristiq which again, saved my life. Now I&#039;m back to Prozac. But I&#039;m sure it&#039;s more about what&#039;s going on in my life. Nothing works without situations improving as well."
"I took the tablets 10mg a day for six months. They didn&#039;t lower the bottom number on my BP reading, I also developed a cough."
"I was having sex with my boyfriend and somewhere in the mist of it all out condom broke . We started to freak and regret all our life decisions. I took the pill about an hour and a half later and began to immediately feel tired afterwards . It lasted for about two days along with bad mood swings , frequent head aches ..nothing to bad..and a few cramps here and there . despite all the side affects, waiting is definitely the worst part. When I didn&#039;t get my period on the day I was supposed to I began to panic . I even went out and bought pregnancy test that came back negative . Sure enough today , my period came, 3 days late . I have never been so happy to see blood in my entire life . This pill is a life saver !!"
"I have multiple sclerosis, also scoliosis. Walking with a Cane for 20 years caused it, now I am in wheelchair permanently. I have had a very hard time sleeping, my brain just over thinks all the time, I am a retired I.T director, automation designer and engineer, so I guess it&#039;s just a problem with high IQ. Anyway my Neuro started me out on nortriptyline 25mg. I could tell, it was doing some good but still not sleeping. Taking Ambien just was not cutting it. Last week my doctor put me on 50 mg and for the first time in years I slept all night long. I was amazed! I normally eat dinner late, so I have to take it. Before I eat or it does not work."
"Have been on Xarelto for 2 1/2 yrs after pulmonary embolism.  First 20mg, then 15mg, now 10 mg.

Have experienced a lot of negative side effects.  Muscle and skeletal pain, intense burning pain in legs and other parts of body.  Limits my movement tremendously and has had a very negative effect on my lifestyle.  Am in pain everyday even with pain killers.

If I stop Xarelto for a few days feel a lot better and am able to walk without little pain.  My doctor says it&#039;s my imagination. That pain is not coming from Xarelto!  Frustrating."
"Took XR but IR is a little heavy for me. Now I split my meds in half 5mg 2-3 times a day. Duration seems better than XR. I take lamictal as well. IR helps me get more done but I don&#039;t feel personally that the good outweigh the bad. I have reached a norm. Weight. I eat healthier I look healthier. And I take better care of my body. At first - dry skin slightly, hyper focused (my body did not know how to react) I smelT AWFUL at first! Haha I sweat it out ew! I can&#039;t find this side effect anywhere. It can take a toll if you don&#039;t take care of your body. Stay healthy."
"The sub&#039;s,  are keeping well from opiod withdraw. And It is keeping me out of pain!
I take a buprenorphine patch 20 milligram I wear it for 7 days it works fine. I was taking the patch and taking oxycodone. I got on the Suboxons to get off the oxy&#039;s.
So I&#039;m asking can I just stop soboxo&ntilde; and apply the patch??"
"One week on Bleviq - lost 5lbs!!!   NO EXERCISE.  Imagine what I could lose if I did (which I will now that the weather is clearing)..... It makes the hunger go away and I am full off of SO little.  Its awesome."
"I was having stomach pain and I had a bad vaginal yeast infection took too acidophilus probotics, and had immediate reaction. I feel sooooo much better. I bought the Advanced acidiphilus by Solgar and it really worked. Prior to taking the probotic i was feeling weak and very irritated. but now I feel fine. 


Thank God I found something that really works."
"I used to get chronic bladder infections, especially after intercourse.  It did not matter how clean I thought I was or what I did to prevent them, I would still get them.  I take 1/2 tablet of Bactrim after intercourse, as prescribed by my doctor, and I never get a bladder infection. Yay!"
"Dr gave me 300mg 4 times a day for what they think is infection in my foot after a drawer fell on my foot and had fluid on top of foot with swelling. After 3rd dose throat was swollen. Couldn&#039;t swallow made the left side of my chest hurt so bad it felt like a heart attack. I was itching so bad. I was so thirsty. I went to ER, Dr said he had never heard of anyone having a reaction to that med. Gave me a shot of benadryl it helped. It wore off and everything happened again. Days later my stomach is cramping. I have been drinking pedalite &amp; Gatorade. Still feel thirsty. I am allergic to penicillin &amp; bactrim so Dr thought this would be a good one. It is not. This is wicked stuff. NEVER EVER will I take again"
"I just want to say that I am amazed!!
I&#039;m 37 and had severe malasma for over 3 years but thanks to Tri-luma it has changed my life and my confidence again. I&#039;m almost 4 weeks in.  Maas results after 1 week and amazing between 3-4 week.  I don&#039;t have to wear such heavy makeup anymore !!!!  So happy .  I highly recommend this product.  It really works !!!"
"Worked very well for me after abdominal surgery. It was given to me through a pain pump, it was great because I could sleep and rest."
"I was an inpatient back end of April thru 1 st week of May. My previous BP med wasn&#039;t doing the job. The team of doctors I saw changed my medication to Losartan  100 mg. &amp; also added Amlodipine 5mg. My BP came down instantly &amp; this combo works very well . However,  the top of my head is almost bald all the way to the crown.  It wasn&#039;t like this prior to medication change. "
"I love the results of taking this prescription.  My only issue was my mood swings while on them.  I seemed to be mad a lot.  So I started just taking half a pill and it only got a little better.  That is the only reason I gave it a 9 and not a 10.  It works, but the effects it has on my mood are not good."
"I was prescribed this after gallbladder surgery. It works really well, although I feel kinda loopy on it."
"Bad side effects!"
"After suffering with migraines for over 10yrs Topamax has been a life saver. I had tried several other meds (Zomig, Imitrex, etc.) but they would only work for a while and then stop working for me all together. I have been on Topamax for over a yr now and went from 4 or 5 migraines a month to one every couple of months.  I am currently taking 200mg/day (100mg in the morning and evening). Side effects are minimal compared to the agony of having migraines all the time."
"I was initially prescribed ramipril for renal protective purposes due to high proteinuria.  I started at 5 mg and was gradually increased to 30mg over a 2 year period. 
Side effects: sleeplessness, irritable, panic attacks, overwhelm, inability to cope with everyday life, crying, loss of confidence, unable to complete projects... 
I thought is circumstantial, so over 6 month period quit my jobs and focused to reduce and manage stressors in life. But no improvement!?! The only thing left to remove/try was the drug. I went off it for 12 days and felt like million bucks! Calm, happy disposition, sleep, I was myself again! But bp went up to 189/116.  Hope there is another option for me :("
"I am 25 years old, female, no kids. Tried combination pill for 2 months about 5 years ago, absolutely hated it so no BC other than condoms since then. I started Nora-Be a month ago about a week after end of period. Waited 3 days before having unprotected sex, no problem. Just had my period as scheduled this past week, was slightly lighter but still lasted 6 days total as usual. Some cramps the first couple of days. The only obvious side effects the first 2 weeks was dryness/itchiness down there and slight increase in moodiness but all is good now."
"It works. No more cravings, no more stealing. The best part is I do not even miss the heroin. It does have side effects, I have a problem concentrating when I am on it. It also gets me constipated. I take Mylax daily to prevent that. It is amazing how I no longer crave opiates! None! Thank God for this as my life was spiraling out of control."
"I was given metformin for borderline type 2 diabetes. It made me want to sleep all the time, caused my sugar to go up, and caused stomach pain.  Obviously this medication is not for me. "
"Works very well. I find that chewing gum while using this helps out a lot. Chewing gum opens up your ear canal. I use it once every other week. "
"I&#039;ve been on numerous topical and oral medications for acne.  At one point, Solodyn and Doxycycline have been the only skin savors for me.  My derma put me on several different topicals over the course of the last four years i.e. Ziana, Epiduo, Onexton, Retin-A, and Acanya.  I&#039;ve probably tried more but can&#039;t remember all of them.  The last topical I was on was Epiduo until I found out that I was pregnant.  My Dr quickly put me on Finacea since it is safe to use during pregnancy.  I have to say, it&#039;s been 6 days using it morning and night and is the absolutely best topical I&#039;ve tried.  My skin is under control and past acne scars are fading.  Really do love this stuff.  Wish I tried it sooner!"
"For several years, I have been experiencing very heavy and clot filled periods, sometimes lasting as long as 21 days (the heavy part would occur from day 2-4) and I was bleeding past super large tampons and pads every 30 minutes (I would wear both). I was also experiencing chest pains and shortness of breath, which forced me to the hospital a few times. There were no heart issues, however, I was severely anemic and received several blood transfusions, my lowest blood level being 5.4. An ultrasound  determined that I have fibroids and was prescribed megastrol acetate and although I have light daily spotting and headaches, this is the best thing that has ever happened to me. When I do have a period, it&#039;s just slightly more than spotting."
"Worked ok on aches and pains but really messed with me mentally. Made me very depressed and socially withdrawals. I feel more fatigue and lot of headaches."
"I take Flexeril with Loratab 7.5/500 due to a neck injury and spinal fusion of the C5/C6 Cervical Vertibrae"
"It&#039;s been over a year now that I&#039;ve been on Zoloft. I take 200 mg a day and I still
cannot believe how much my life has changed/improved!! I am 36 years old and had been suffering from severe  panic attacks, anxiety, and agoraphobia for almost 15 years...it was a complete challenge to get to work and even imagine a day without the feeling of anxiety from literally the time I woke up until I went to bed.. .I wasn&#039;t enjoying life at all, I was just existing. I had absolutely no control of my own conscious!! I finally decided that I had to try a prescription or else I would let this take over what little life I had completely! I started Zoloft on 25mg and worked up to the max of 200mg over about three months. It was the best decision ever!"
"I love this birth control! I&#039;ve been using Lutera for a month now. First time ever being on anything and at first I was very nauseous the first week taking it. I believe that was just my body getting used to it. I did spot after receiving my period. I&#039;ve lost a total of 6 pounds in the first month and my breast have gotten slightly plumper. Haven&#039;t experienced any mood swings. I guess everything works differently for everyone."
"After a year of appointments &amp; about 12 medication combinations later at the Cleveland Clinic Headache Clinic I have been on 20 mg Lisinopril, 120mg Diltiazem and 100 mg Doxepin daily for over 15 years. Down to 5 migraines per year. (Used to be 100/yr). With such a wonderful outcome we have tried to wean me off the meds 2 times. BAD IDEA. I&#039;ll probably be on these for next 30 years. But hopefully migraine free."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for six months. 
Pros- sex drive is out of control, light period, period every three months which is wonderful, short period (I&#039;m taking 3-4 days light bleed), no cramps, no bloating
Cons- took my pills before bed and the night sweats are a bummer, breakthrough bleeding here and there until month four (took awhile to adjust)"
"Taking 50mg. This is my first week. Wellbutrin gave me hives and Lexapro was nothing more than a sugar pill. My most noticeable side effects:  repetitive yawning on day three and day six. Almost incomplete non satisfactory yawning followed with a quick wave of nausea. My first two days I felt really nervous. Insides were shaky. Very minor headaches almost every other day. My general sense of well being has improved but I am quieter. I am not as vocal as I was. Almost subdued, which means less arguing with my fiance. I haven&#039;t noticed an appetite decrease, in fact my hunger pains seem more pronounced. My sex drive was gone to begin with so nothing to report there.  I was in the sun today, noticed a much greater sensitivity to it. Dry mouth."
"I started Latuda after being on risperidone for a couple of months.  Latuda has gotten better and better. Much less anxiety, more focused, less drowsy. I exercise a lot now too which I think helps a lot though.  The only thing is it makes me a little nauseated right after I take it which is before bedtime."
"Minstratrin is definitely a hit or miss. Everyone will experience the effects differently and I have come to learn this from trial and error. I wouldn&#039;t say it was horrible, but okay. Not something I would want to stick with.

Pros, I&#039;ve experienced:
No weight gain
Pleasant mint flavored pill - doesn&#039;t taste like your typical yucky pill
Short &amp; lighter periods
Bearable menstrual cramps 

Cons, I&#039;ve experienced:
Mild acne
Bloating
Fatigue
Chronic Bacterial Vaginitis &amp; Yeast Infection"
"Excellent results exceeded any expectations. I am 59, insulin diabetic for 26 years. Get great erections that last with Cialis. Starts work almost immediately and keeps working for the whole 36 hours for repeated erections and intercourse. I also use cock rings which helped on their own for about 8 years before adding Cialis. Without rings I cannot get an erection, with them I can get partial short lasting ones. With Cialis alone I get good, long lasting erections, with Cialis and the rings I get very strong, long lasting erections. Wife is now very happy."
"I started taking lysteda 3 months ago.  The first month was great except once I was done my period came back but not heavy. The next month I had 2.5 days of mess and my period stopped. I didn&#039;t take anymore as it makes me feel like crap. Now 49 days later I still haven&#039;t had a period.  Not sure I will take this again."
"A miracle drug for me when I go into coughing fits at night and am unable to sleep."
"I started using Contrave the last two weeks of December.  During the first two weeks of December I was already down 15lbs just from watching what I ate, so in taking this I thought it would really kick my weight loss into high gear.  I was completely wrong.  I took this medication for 6 weeks and did not lose a single pound.  I continued doing what I had been previously, watching what I ate, drinking tons of water, and was up to the 4 pills a day dosage.  The only thing this did was make me nauseous.  Since stopping the medication exactly 6 days ago, I am already down 9lbs.  It is not worth the possible side effects.  I had high hopes for this medication, but was unfortunately let down."
"I have been on this medication for around 12 years 60mg a day for OCD and depression, it got me out of a very very deep hole, got me back to work able to function got me back as a normal person, u fortuantly i used alcohol and recreational drugs aswell which made me riddled with anxiety and depression, im clean and sober 8years now and am still on the prozac, iv recently had a low episode and i was self medicating with my prozac as and when i needed, obviously this wasnt the greatest ideas and this has led me back to being depressed again but im back on 40mg of prozac a day, i may feel like i have gone back to the begining of it all but i havent iv just had a little set back in my recovery, all in all prozac for me is a life saver"
"I have been taking Celexa for 13 years for anxiety/irritability which it works great for. Sexual side effects are terribly disappointing - lack desire and difficult to climax. Anytime I try to go off, the anxiety and irritability are present within the 2nd day. Really wish I could find something that worked as good without the side effects. No other medicine has even touched anxiety/irritability the way Celexa has."
"Lately I&#039;ve been having really bad panic attacks, migraines, night terrors/nightmares every night for three weeks I started Zoloft last night and it already started working within a night I&#039;m more calm and feel like my old self already."
"I was given Lexapro from my GP for anxiety which I had tried to manage naturally the past two years with various techniques to no avail. My panic symptoms were with me everyday and often suffered panic attack episodes. 
Made it extremely difficult to do 
everyday type stuff let alone work. I
 was always drug resistant..the kind 
of person who wouldn&#039;t even want to 
take a headache med so the thought
 of a drug therapy I would do everyday was 
scary. Anyhow, its early on less 
than two weeks and I haven&#039;t even 
experience any real side effects 
apart from a little tiredness first 
week. I feel less anxious already, no 
attacks and my thoughts aren&#039;t
looping in my head anymore. I&#039;m 
hoping it continues to get better!"
"This was the hardest drug to get and be approved. I was doing the bridge pack and kept having to call the doctors to get them to keep trying with insurance. Then I had to keep calling otezla to keep it coming to my house. I never felt fully better. Maybe just a tiny bit but definitely not worth all the hassle. I ended up just quitting since I couldn&#039;t get it here on time and it kept lapsing my treatment."
"As one of the reviewers who posted feeling &quot;different&quot; on day 1 or 2 on Pristiq, I am now on it for 10 days and I have been very tired up until today.  From day 2-8, I slept a good 12 hours daily which is hard to do with kids lol!  But today I woke up feeling good and immediately made beds, put on coffee and whipped up a great breakfast.  This may not seem like &quot;a big deal&quot; but for me, who was lying in bed crying for 8 or so weeks, it&#039;s a huge change and I hope it continues. 

I have been waking up frequently at night but it&#039;s not that bad as I can fall back to sleep easily.  As I said in another post, I was on another antidepressant for almost a year and it was horrible.  The hardest part was saying yes to the help offered.  Good luck to all."
"Trazodone was prescribed to me as a sedation for sleep at night. I had a very bad night the first night. I had an extreme temperature and excessive sweating. However, this happened to me only in the first night. After that it worked fine. Weirdly I had taken it before and had discontinued due to lack of insurance. The very first time I took it I had the exact same reaction only on the first night. Vivid dreams, extreme sweat, elevated temperature. I felt very feverish. After that, nothing out of the ordinary except being able to sleep."
"I am giving it a 5 because as far as being effective goes... it was very effective. I first had the implanon for 3 years and then was placed on nexplanon. I just had it removed yesterday, the 3 years is up shortly. I have had issues with irrational mood swings. To the point that I thought I was bi polar and needed to be diagnosed. It has caused strain on my relationships and has made me feel awful about myself. I got it removed after doing research about what could be causing these mood swings and found out there are hundreds, probably thousands or more, of people who have had the a similar situation. I am hoping that now that it has been removed I will start to feel better soon."
"I am on my second Implanon. The first Implanon was a dream: no periods, no spotting, no maintenance, insertion was easy, bone density returned after 8 years on Depo, no mood swings. The only bad part was removal: I (intentionally) gained about 30lbs while on Implanon and the doctor had a hard time removing the implant: multiple incisions and significant discomfort. The site was sore for weeks. And now 3 months into my 2nd Implanon I am getting side effects: constant light bleeding (2 months so far), tender breasts, cramps, mood swings and depression...I loved it the first time and still recommend Implanon, but this is just a wake up call that it&#039;s not for everyone...and the way your body reacts can change!"
"I&#039;m 20 now and I have been taking methadone for a while now and I love it. I have been on Percs and Vics for a long time and they didn&#039;t work as well as the methadone. It lasts all day and doesn&#039;t take long to start working. I thank my doctor every month when I go back to get refills. I didn&#039;t know you could use it for pain but I&#039;m really happy you can. If you are on Percs or Vics and they aren&#039;t lasting very long and you are not looking for the high you can get from pain medicines ask your doctor about methadone, it&#039;s the best pain medicine out there."
"I had no noticeable negative side effects, and was able to function in a normal way without feeling like it was forced."
"I got Nexplanon abut a year and a half ago and I can not wait until I get it removed. I get frequent migraines, I am having problems fighting depression and major anxiety. I have acne all over my face, my shoulders, my back, and it&#039;s even started on my stomach area. I have my period for about 3 weeks every month and it&#039;s not just spotting, it is extremely heavy, and I have cramps constantly. My sleeping habits are way out of wack; its either I want to sleep all day or not at all. My appetite has sky rocketed and I feel like I can never get enough to eat and yet I&#039;ve lost a TON of weight since getting it. I have absolutely no sex drive what so ever. I would never in a million years recommend this to anyone. I hope this gave some insight"
"Insomnia was ruining my life. People who have not experienced it have no idea how bad it can be. If you&#039;re going through it, stay positive! You will find your solution one day. For me, trazodone was the solution. Still needed good sleep habits etc. it&#039;s a pill, not a miracle. But it changed my life."
"I am on my last week of 12 taking Zepatier and have had absolutely no side effects EXCEPT I have gained 6 pounds while taking this drug...not sure why I just want to carb load. I was on this site wondering about long term effects on my body from taking a drug that I know nothing about but I will not have hep c, the virus is now non detectable in my blood tests after having it for over 40 years."
"...and I was thinking I&#039;m imagining stuff. I just started my 7th month on the patch. The last 5 days I worked myself sick thinking about whether  I had a brain tumor and dying on my little girls, couldn&#039;t snap out of the mood. From the beginning of taking these I had those headaches (progressively worsening...) and it worried me a lot. I was feeling sick but not being able to puke, horrible loss of balance  and vertigo (full wack with eyeballs movement), weight gain (but I blamed that on the fact that I stopped running due to muscle pain and balance probs). The patches left red marks and rash, itchy skin (all over) and little cough with no reason... Lately the anxiety problems are my biggest scare. I booked the GP. The EVRA is going bye bye... One pro - no pregnancy."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for about 4 years now and the very beginning of it was hard. I was young so I wasn&#039;t paying attention to how my body was reacting but looking back it made me hungry with a huge appetite and I had spotting for almost a month straight. The doctor said it was normal and I just needed to adjust. I&#039;ve been on this medication since and I think it&#039;s great. Only giving 9/10 because I do get frequent spotting when I&#039;m not supposed to, but what do you expect from something that only makes you have your period every 3 months. The other major downfall of this medication is that I completely lost my sex drive."
"I have had Mirena for 1yr now, I had my doctor insert it after my six week check up, after having my baby. I never tried birth control before but thought it would never hurt to try. My experience with it so far has been very uncomfortable the insertion was horrible. I went into depression, mood swings and weight gain. My sex drive went completely out the window. I want to remove it but I just don&#039;t want to go through the same scenario with another Birth Control."
"My 15 year-old son has narcolepsy. Ritalin gave him nightmares, which he rarely had, and kept him awake half the night. Discontinued after 11 days."
"This medication is a life saver for me. I have suffered with Meniere&#039;s Disease for 22 years which causes episodes of loss of equilibrium which can totally knock you flat or just make your life hell for days at a time. The episodes are usually not predictable but seem to come to life every year or so. Short time use of valium is the only thing that helps so I can continue my normal activities until my ear settles down again."
"Just started this medicine for my OCD intrusive memories and thoughts problem with extreme anxiety attacks . 10mg at the moment . So lets see"
"I was most concerned about mood changes/depression when beginning this pill, as the last BC I was on built upon my already-existing anxiety and depression. However, I just started my third pack, and it&#039;s helped my mood more than ruined it. That&#039;s not to say it&#039;s not without its obvious side effects - throughout the last two months I&#039;ve experienced multiple side effects as my body adjusts to the hormones, albeit only for a few days to a week at most. Breast tenderness, cramps, headaches, dizziness, and even a two-week long period for the first two weeks. It seems like I&#039;m finally experiencing the nausea side effect that almost everyone mentioned, but I somewhat expected it and it&#039;s not a huge deal."
"The first sachet was so hard to get down, it was disgusting it took me a few hours to take it, I think this is because it was room temperature and in a pint glass. The second sachet was much easier to get down, as I put ice in the cup and used a smaller glass I also held my nose and drank water after every gulp.  I found the sachets very successful and definitely cleared me out."
"I had suffered for 3 months with sciatica and chronic, paralysing back pain. I had diazepam, temegesic, naproxem, solpadol, omeprazale, for pain relief , all across the 3 months and nothing worked. I went to the physio (on crutches) and he assessed me, and couldn&#039;t do anything due to the inability to move much. He mentioned trying Amitriptyline to address the nerve inflammation. I went to the doctor and started on low dose of 10mg x 2 per night. After 3 nights I was able to stand, walk, sit - basically was back to 80%, I still have sciatic ache in my leg but it has literally changed my quality of life. I have been on them a week, but it is allowing me to stretch and do some physio now. Yes to the dry mouth, but try it out."
"I went on this pill a while back to help regulate my period and help with severe cramps. I had an extremely heavy flow and my cramps were so unbearable. Also, I would get my period for 12 days, sometimes twice a month. Since being on the pill, I usually dont get any cramps which is amazing. I also noticed that my skin is always 100% clear. However, I would say that I gained a solid 20 pounds since being on the pill and am currently trying to work it off with healthy eating and regular exercise. Side note, the first week i took this i was throwing up every night and feeling nauseated but if you stick with it those side effects eventually subside.  Overall, besides the weight gain I would say that this pill has done wonders."
"So far (knock on wood) I have not experiences any MAJOR side effects but I plan on checking back here after being on the medication for longer than a week.
I have noticed the sweating (not severe though) my doctor did warn me about it before I started taking it.   The first day I had a HORRIBLE headache and was dizzy most of the day.  It was gone after my first nights sleep on it.   I can&#039;t make a good or bad judgment on it YET however if in a month I experience any thing else I will check it - well I&#039;ll check in here either way because these forums with REAL experiences helped me when I was first introduced to this drug as I had never heard of it before."
"Very helpful medicine."
"This is the worst drug I have ever experienced one suppository and around fifty minutes later uncontrolled and painful bowel movements I collapsed and could not get up of the bathroom floor I was so light headed cramps constant need to pee be very wary of this drug it takes hours to recover"
"Went to the ER for a headache along with depression and was given compazine threw an IV an has been feeling detached from reality every since last year of november anybody else feels this way after taking this medicine and what do I need to do to get back to NORMAL all I do is cry and wonder why the doctors didnt warn me before taking this "
"When I got ran over by the 18 wheeler, tried everything. Chiropractor, Physical therapy, tramadol, etc. nothing stopped the pain. Lortab 7.5 is only thing that works. Take 1/2 in morning, 1/2 at lunch, and 1/2 in evening. Just watch for dizziness, nausea, and I guess that&#039;s a side effect. I feel loopy and detached a little, but it&#039;s better than hurting all the time. Most definitely don&#039;t mix with booze, made me sick as a dog. Also watch your tolerance. One day tried to take a whole one and had to lay down.  Just be mindful it hits everyone different. Hope this helps."
"I&#039;m about to start my fourth month on Gianvi. For the first month or two, I was more emotional than usual and had hunger cravings all the time. Now I feel normal or maybe I&#039;ve just gotten used to it. 
It does kind of weird things for my period. My period doesn&#039;t actually start until I&#039;m halfway through the placebo pills, and then it doesn&#039;t end until I&#039;ve taken a couple of the regular pills, so that can be kind of annoying. Period is cramp-free though which is nice.
My breasts have gotten a bit bigger. Didn&#039;t seem to affect acne very much, I still break out, no worse or better than before."
"DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE TAKING! Consult with your doctor but also be aware of the side effects involved. Symptoms include dizziness, fatigue, muscle weakness, slowed speech, muscle spasms, twitching / fidgeting, nightmares. Not for everyone."
"I started suffering from hair loss just recently. My doctor prescribed me this medicine. After 1 month of using it, my hair doesn&#039;t fall any more. Until now I continue using it and there&#039;s no other side effects. This medicine is so amazing!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Avapro to prevent diabetic kidney disease, as I only have half of one kidney left after two bouts of kidney cancer.  So far, so good.  The Avapro has lowered my blood pressure also - sometimes goes a little too low, which is when I feel tired.  Other than that I have no noticeable side effects.  However, my doctor will have to find some other medication to protect my remaining partial kidney because my insurance company won&#039;t pay for Avapro anymore - even though my doctor says nothing else works as well.  "
"I&#039;m 40 yr old healthy female that mysteriously had my first gout attack this week.  I thought my toes were broken.  I got into the doc right away and he rx&#039;d indomethacin.  Well I&#039;m 4 days after the attack and getting around pretty good and started managing it with just aleve by the 3Rd day but I quit the indomethacin because the side effects were terrible.  Bad headaches,  really tired,  dizzy. I thought it was the vicodin given to me for the pain but my side effects worsened even after I quit vicodin.  Everyone is different and I would have taken anything on day 1 to try and help the pain but I quit taking this drug as soon as my foot cleared up. The drug is unbearable.  Hopefully no new attacks for me and this is a freak thing."
"60 yr old female.  Second colonoscopy; first time using Prepopik.  Dr instructed me to take 2 Dulcolax at noon day before procedure.  That started the ball rolling!  Then at 5pm first dose of Prepopik.  I started drinking water right away.  First cleanse started about two hours later.  It lasted a few hours.  Took second and last dose of Prepopik at 10pm.  That cleanse came in about 2 hrs.  Lasted about 2 hrs.  Procedure next day at 10am was successful.  Prepopik worked for me.  The Dulcolax certainly helped."
"I&#039;ve been depressed, with high levels of anxiety for ten years. I tried several different medications and I finally settled with an anti-depressant to help with sleep, and also was taking 3 Klonopin a day as well as trazodone at night for sleep for seven years. So I&#039;m really thinking I may be on all these medicines for life and maybe be put on disability. So the doc finally put me on Prozac. It&#039;s been 2 months now and my anxiety has gone way down, I am less depressed, I no longer worry about things and am off trazodone and don&#039;t take Klonopin anymore. I have great dreams and wake up every morning with happy songs in my head, and I&#039;m much more social. Prozac has just been a blessing, probably saved my life as I had lost all hope."
"I am starting my 4th month on this birth control today. I was originally on aviane for 3 months but it broke my face out horribly, so my doctor switched me to this. At first the results were not good but by the end of my third month using Tri-previfem my face was clearer than it had been in months! Flawless actually. Give it time if you&#039;re using this birth control to clear up acne. By the end of month 3 I was delighted with my results!"
"I definitely regret take the depo shot as BC. I didn&#039;t spot the first time I got the shot but a month or two after I started spotting and it&#039;s been constant for about 6 months now. The main issue was that I gained weight on it. I have always been the same weight no matter how much I eat and don&#039;t exercise. This is the first time my weight has increased this fast and its quite depressing. I was supposed to go in for my fourth shot but decided against it and am going to be trying to patch now. Hopefully it doesn&#039;t have the same side affects. Not having a period with cramps every month was great but I&#039;d rather deal with that than constant spotting."
"My daughter is 8 years old and have been taking medicines since she was almost 4. She has been on a lot of different medicines. I am just wondering if her sudden outburst of happy, sad violent behavior is due to the doctors increasing her Vyvanse from 20mg to start with 1 year ago to 70mg which is what she is taking today."
"I am titrating on 3 mg of Vraylar for week 2 and all my agitation is gone. I feel calm and sensible now. I&#039;m tapering off of seroquel so I do not know how beneficial it will be with sleep but there&#039;s less sedation during the day which is a plus. I would recommend vraylar because of its low side effects profile."
"I have been on genvoya for almost a year now I switched from another medication due to gastrointestinal complications with these medications. I still experience daily bouts of bloating constipation and the inability to clear my bowel. The doctor says I should get a colonoscopy although I had a sigmoidoscopy they found nothing my blood test and fecal samples came back normal I think these medications have it out for my intestines. There are days where there are no issues then there are days where I&#039;m in the bathroom for at least 4 to 5 hours off and on feeling like I could probably die right here on the toilet. I just want relief from my gastrointestinal issues related 2 genvoya.."
"Began the free trial and took Belviq for 2 full weeks.  No weight loss at all not even a pound!Made me feel very tired and irritable.  Had trouble waking up in the morning. Had dull headache and constipation.  I would highly recommend utilizing the free trial first   This medicine can be very costly."
"I took Lexapro for 5-6 years started with 10 mg then eventually increased to 30 mg. It worked great for helping me keep calm, and helped my depression and was able to deal with stress, however the more I had to increase the dose the more tired I got, and I eventually got to a point I just could not function, it took everything I had just to get out of bed then maybe 2 hrs later I was ready for a 3-4 hour nap. My doctor then switched me back to 10mg and added Wellbutrin that worked good together but when I had to increase the dose of Lexapro I got to where I couldn&#039;t function again. Lexapro is a good medication at a low dose."
"Bottle is almost impossible to open. Who knows if it&#039;s effective or not. I suggest get pharmacist to open it for you before you leave the store"
"While I&#039;ve used this med. in the past, it has been increasingly difficult each time.  While it appears to help the bronchitis, I can&#039;t stay on it long enough anymore to get the benefit as the muscle pain (low back/legs/feet) is intolerable to the point that I have to take pain medication for my ongoing back pain issues to deal with the myalgia that the Cipro causes!  For me, Cipro is no longer an option and I&#039;m having to find another medicine to help with bronchitis.  The tendonitis issue is something to watch out for as this last time, several days after stopping the Cipro, I got up from my chair and my feet buckled underneath me. I fell to the floor and twisted my ankle, so am wondering if the tendons were affected. Be careful with this!"
"I started my first dose of 750mg last night before reading the adverse side-effects!  Big mistake.  I only slept one hour, which was 4:40am to 5:30am and it was fitful.  I feel extremely energetic, even hyper.  I don&#039;t even feel tired! My face was getting red around 9:00am and now my face, neck, chest and shoulders are bright red and painful.  I feel like I&#039;m super sun-burned.  I called the pharmacist and she told me to take some Benadryl immediately and call my Doctor.  I&#039;m waiting on him to return my call.  It doesn&#039;t matter since I don&#039;t plan on taking a second dose.  This is really a very powerful antibiotic and I my breathing feels much better even after one dose.  If I wasn&#039;t having such a bad allergic reaction, I would recommend this medicine."
"I do like this medicine because it helps me to control my nervousness and instant reactions to stimuli much better than without it. I almost can pretend I&#039;m normal.  And because of its long shelf-life, if I want to reduce my dose because it can make me feel moody and lethargic after continuously taking it for a while...there&#039;s no side effects other than feeling better. Its easy to manage my own mood by upping or lowering my intake on the same prescription. I may go a week without it and feel fine, but when I start to get heart palpitations and my mind blanks out when I&#039;m confronted, I begin to take it again. That way it helps me to stabilize but I&#039;m not relying on it ALL the time."
"I have taken this medication a few times &amp; have had different experiences with it every time, from stabbing pains/cramping and nausea, to the last time with almost no symptoms at all. 
I think the main difference is in the preparation-I would never take more than one of these pills at a time (two was way too much). Furthermore, for minimal symptoms I take at around 7:00pm, drink four glasses of water (at least) and go to bed around 9:00pm. Wake up at 6:00am, and have a bit softer than normal BM. Make sure you are well hydrated when you take this product. With the good experience I had I hadn&#039;t ate since 6:00pm, and was well hydrated before bed."
"I have a macro non functioning pituitary adenoma which is causing compression of my pituirtary stalk &quot;stalk effect&quot; which causes increases in prolactin  blood levels. My endo put me on this to reduce the &#039;stalk effect&#039; I&#039;m suffering from my macro adenoma. My crushing headaches have weakened, the lactating stopped and my period is back on schedule. However the side effects are extreme. They last about 5 days after taking my dose for the week. The nausea is unbearable, causing me to take a drug for that at $104/mth as I spent all day vomiting. I have what I describe as a feeling of being drunk and hungover all at once. I can&#039;t drive, but for two days a week. So tired, dizzy, weak, low blood pressure, flu like. I am hoping for surgery soon, but I live so remotely logistics make it difficult, as I&#039;m 13 hours from the specialists. I rated a 5 as the headaches were horrid, but so are the side effects."
"My doctor put my on Depo-Provera after laproscopy for endometriosis.  I had irregular periods after the first shot and after the second I remember I had one period that seemed to last for a month. This is a known side effect and as promised it went away after the third shot.  I haven&#039;t had my period now in about a year.  I also haven&#039;t had any debilitating endometriosis symptoms either.  I think I gained about 5 lbs total but then again I&#039;m also in my 40s and that could simply be a part of aging. I am a big fan.  It gave me nearly total relief after getting through the first 6 months."
"I was having panic attacks so bad I would have to pull off the road while driving. My husband was waiting on a double lung transplant when these attacks started. After the transplant the care giving made these attacks become worse. I couldn&#039;t breathe, I wanted to cover up under something and not come out. My doctor gave me Lexapro and one dose made me worse. He ask me to try Cymbalta and after one dose I became immediately better. I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for 4 years, and would hate to go back to the times when I had those attacks. It obviously was the medicine I needed."
"I have had GAD ever since I can remember and I am 31 now. NOTHING and I mean NOTHING helped. My anxiety was so extreme, every minute of every day I was consumed with it. I had severe panic attacks and would sometimes faint. Gabapentin has been life changing for me. I have been on it for 3 months and my GAD is almost gone. I still have panic attacks at night, but this medication has been a miracle for me and I am and would definitely recommend trying it, specially if you are not responsive to &#039;normal&#039; anxiety medications."
"To Socanxiety. I have been on EffexorXR for over 10 years. (I also have short term memory loss so my doctor put me on Concerta, 36 mgs, which is the lowest dose and it is helping!) I am 59 years old and am happy and less anxious with taking effexor 225 mgs a day. I take 75mg pill before bed and am less anxious when I get up. Then I take the 150mg capsule in the morning. I still have times that I have anticipatory anxiety and use 10 mgs of Valium which helps. I am hoping when we retire and move south that I can lower the Effexor. Great med and I have tried many over the last 20 years!!"
"Absolute best antibiotic I&#039;ve ever used! I was feeling better within 2 days. No side effects. I&#039;ve used it for both a UTI and Sinus Infection. Worked amazingly both times. I have a sensitive stomach and usually hate taking medication. But this stuff really works."
"I have been on Benlysta for seven months now and it&#039;s really helping with the fatigue. I finally feel like I can get up and do something on my days off of work. I&#039;m in the medical field and really don&#039;t want to end my career yet. As far as the joint and muscle pain it&#039;s still there unfortunately. Maybe it will get better soon."
"I love zolpidem. For those who say it doesn&#039;t work, you MUST take it on an empty stomach and go to right to bed. There have been times it didn&#039;t work and that was when I ate within about an hour or two before."
"I actually started Contrave on November 21, 2015 and lost a couple of pounds but gained back Christmas.  It took until Jan. 2 to work up to the full dose; then I really started to lose. Since Jan. 2 (today is Jan. 30)  I have lost a total of 18 pounds with Contrave, the Scale-Down program (weighing daily), low carb diet and 23 minutes on the  elliptical almost every day.   About mid-Jan I hit a plateau and hovered around the same weight for two weeks.   I start losing again by cutting back food portions and cutting some fat out of the Atkins approach.  I also doubled my elliptical workout to 46 minutes a day at least 5 days a week.  That got the weight loss going again.  I haven&#039;t had this kind of success since the old diet pill days."
"Good."
"UPDATED REVIEW:
Okay, so I started Adipex on 9/15/16, I&#039;m 5&#039;5&quot; and at the time weighed 240. 16 days later (10/1/16) I&#039;m down to 228.  The side effects have subsided (insomnia, crashing, jitteriness, etc...).  I find that I can go the whole day without eating due to lack of appetite which is not good.  I do have to remind myself eat throughout the day, but that is not a big deal.  I would definitely recommend this product/medication to someone who is overweight and finding it hard to lose weight on their own.  So far it seems to be working! Let&#039;s see how the next month goes!"
"Gabapentin has significantly helped my pain due to neuropathy disorder.  I take it for numbness of hands with shooting severe pain during sleep which wakes me 3 to 4 times a night. I must get up, wash hands with hot water then use a heating pad till they settle enough to sleep again.  It does not take all the symptoms away but any relief is greatly appreciated."
"I had sex with my boyfriend 1/29 around 3am and he came inside of me for the first time (and last). I was fertile and my ovulatation date was 2/1. I freaked out because we are always careful and I&#039;m not on birth control. So He went to out and bought the pill a hour after we had sex. I was suppose to get my period 2/15, but I&#039;m glad to say it came two days early! The waiting period is stressful because you don&#039;t want to be that unlucky 5% but if you take it soon as possible and abstain from sex or use protection it will work! The only side effect I had was abdominal pain, but it went away in 3 days. Plan b is GREAT and only a TEMPORARY fix. I hope this is helpful and that it works for you ladies as well."
"Besides reducing the nerve pain from bulging discs, it also noticeably reduced the constant, annoying ringing in my ears."
"I have never felt as well on any other medicine or been able to keep my sugar level as consistent as it is now through out the day."
"Before my psychotic break that turned into a delusional police chase I was manic, terribly delusional, thought the devil was everywhere I went, thought people were after me, thought devil controlled electronics and the internet. Just too many bad symptoms and after receiving invega injection I&#039;ve been told that I was more outgoing, and had absolutely no symptoms. But the side effects sucks such as high prolactin levels which resulted in low testosterone, anhedonia, and lower emotions"
"It helped me a lot. One pill and I sleep like a baby."
"I used Accutane about a year ago and it did wonders for my skin. As for side effects, I had dry lips but it was not a problem. I took the medication for five months and it cleared my acne. I had never felt so good about myself. After six months of taking it, my acne came back. I heard that you sometimes have to go on a second round with it before it totally clears your acne for a long time. Accutane is the best and I highly recommend it to anyone who tried everything to clear their skin. It is expensive but worth it."
"The gel is really good but you need to use as indicated or 2 or 4 times a day depending on the strength for at least 2 day , then you wil feel the real benefits of voltarol "
"In one sense it handled many of my symptoms, but I became a completely different person. I was no longer myself at all. I made many, many horrible decisions affecting my family friends, business, etc. I adopted a whole new set of values - i just wasn&#039;t myself anymore. When I finally decided to go off it I spent 9 months of withdrawal symptoms, splitting capsules every day and gradually reducing the amount of grains. "
"mary4589 --along with your dry mouth, did you have any dryness of skin at the fingers and palms of your hands --I mean severe wrinkling of fingers and palms like you have been in the tub for a week? I was 2 weeks on this med and it&#039;s been 4 months off and still have extreme dry mouth. I have cut off all other meds and vitamins to figure out what is causing this dry mouth and hands, but after reading the reviews it could be this medication has permanently cut off our saliva system.  for all others who are thinking about taking this med - think about how this will not only affects your bladder problem but everything to do with water in your system."
"I had bad constipation and my urgent care doctor prescribed it
To me so I wouldn&#039;t throw up due to me being terrified of it. After about 30-60 minutes I feel a lot better and I can actually eat again. It doesn&#039;t help out so much with the constipation but it keeps my anxiety from building up towards the vomitting."
"I have noticed a marked decrease in fatigue. Very pleased with it. Also little or no pain in my joints. I have more energy now than before, I am going in to my third month of use."
"Was on enbrel for seven years, got relief after first injection.  I developed breast cancer this year and feel that enbrel played a part in bringing it on.  I wouldn&#039;t change a thing though, I would have been crippled by now, I had good years enjoying life while on enbrel.  I can no longer take enbrel, and my RA has gotten so much worse.  Also taking prednisone, sulfasalazine, and methotrexate."
"I started Avonex about 6 months after diagnosis. I got terribly sick after injecting. It was like coming down with the flu once a week. I felt feverish and painfully achy. I took naproxen and that helped. Later on I asked my neurologist for Vicodin to help out with the achy pain. Together the medicines helped the side effects. I never miss a week and as I injected more and more, the side effects have lessened to the point that with Vicodin I can work well on my injection days. I cannot sleep thru the night on an injection. I sleep poorly and wake up in pain several times. I have not had a relapse in five years on Avonex though my balance and leg have slowly worsened somewhat. I still work my feet full time."
"Since my early teens, I have endured horrible cystic acne covering my face, back, and chest. After trying various vitamins, creams, and dieting strategies, at 17 I started taking a low-estrogen pill. My acne flared up even worse. I then diagnosed myself with producing large amounts of the male hormone androgen and switched to Gianvi at 18. I have been on this pill for roughly 4 or 5 months, and have noticed a significant skin change. Instead of producing large cysts, I now have smaller pimples and for that, I am incredibly grateful. However, I now have the average amount of estrogen in my system, and so, for this reason, I have noticed a SIGNIFICANT weight change. I diet meticulously, and yet I have gained 15 pounds! Will be switching pills"
"I have osteoarthritis as well as residual pain from a serious back surgery 4 years ago.  I have been taking Naproxen for four years and just could not control the pain without occasional doses of a narcotic.  I cannot believe how much better I feel.  I have been back out on my bike and working in the garden.  Things I have not been able to do all summer.  So far, I am very impressed.  We will see what happens this winter."
"Had psoriasis most of my life starting as a teenager. Tried many things before cosentyx inclding Enbrel and Stelara. After 15 long years of nothing working for me Cosentyx has cleared my body by at least 95%. Very easy to use and thankfully NO side affects at all !!!"
"I&#039;ve had Type 2 diabetes since 1990 from pregnancy. I&#039;ve been on the pills, insulin, insulin pump. Before getting on this medication I was on 100 units of Lantus and 60 of Humalog. A1C has been as high as 9.6. On my last appointment before getting on this medication my A1c was 8.6. In 3 -4 months I&#039;ve lost 20 pounds, more energy, fasting between 90-130. I&#039;m only on Lantus 52 units now. The best thing is my A1C went down to 7.6 which had not been that low for 9 years. Double my water intake. Yeast infection a couple of times but none since. This has been a life saver for me."
"I&#039;d rather stay constipated than used this again! Used Coloxyl with Senna to treat 4-day constipation due to a viral stomach bug. Supposed to work in 8 hours but 4 hours after taking 1 tablet i got bad stomach pains, nausea and a general unwell feeling. Lasted all night and into the next morning."
"Huge improvement after a few days. Been on this medication since June 11th, I&#039;m starting to feel unwell again I don&#039;t know if this med is failing. I&#039;m scared that I&#039;m going to relapse. I have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. A couple of weeks ago my GP prescribed zyban with escitalopram. Zyban after three days gave me issues with tunnel vision. I will be asking for for another med to help with escitalopram for my increased anxiety and bad thoughts."
"Tried Terazosin but failed due to lethargy. Next tried Flomax but failed due to extreme constant headache. Next Uroxatral which had fewer side effects aside from a bit of nasal congestion. Had some mild constant pelvic pain so Urologist suggested Rapaflo. Very low nasal, or lethargy side effects, but this medicine gave me retrograde ejaculation and took away most sex drive.  This medicine would be fine if I were older and not having sex.  But I am 50 and my girlfriend is starting to wonder."
"Greetings fellow preppers! Positive as far as results and even taste.
I&#039;ve done other cheaper preps in the past and while the &#039;end&#039; results were clearing ,others made me gag and vomit but not this. Please do have your bttle of waters chilled in refrigerator so cold. manage clear liquids all day till 6 pm, poured the 6 oz bottle of prep into the container provided and then topped off to the fill line cold water. grabbed a lemon and a straw, then proceeded to the bathroom in case I got sick drinking it but I didn&#039;t. I actually found the straw annoying and gagging so removed it,licked the lemon then started sipping a mouthful at a time.Got it all down in 10 minutes, then 30 mins later on commode,Clear in 1 1/2 hrs. repeat in morn.Blessings2 U"
"I&#039;ve been taking this for 4 weeks and have lost 20lbs! I don&#039;t have cravings and just a few bites and I&#039;m full. I drink a lot of water."
"I am SO happy with Sprintec. I had a horrible experience with Lo Loestrin Fe. I change doctors and he prescribed Sprintec. So far no side effects. I&#039;ve only noticed some breast tenderness and mild acne. It&#039;s working great for me!"
"This medicine did not work as well for me as Lunesta or Ambien, but I like that it is not addicting. It is definitely better than nothing. I did feel mildly hungover the next day.

"
"I having been using Epiduo for over a year now and I haven&#039;t had any bad experiences with it. I had mild acne and this cleared it up really quickly. Now the only acne I get is hormonal and I put the epiduo on at night, almost using it like a spot treatment and the spots are already almost gone the next morning. It comes in a fairly small bottle and I have to get a refill every few months it seems which is the only downside."
"I was on 250 mg 3X a day for one week to treat a giardia infection I have likely had for years without detection.  My doctor will also have me on a three-day course in about two weeks, in keeping with the cyst cycles.  

I just finished the course and had no adverse side effects.  I took them in the middle of fairly-sized meals and made sure to drink at least a gallon of water a day, along with eating a clean diet.  Perhaps it was the lower dose or one of those measures, but I did not even feel fatigued during the course of my medication. Know that not everyone has terrible (or any) side effects. I delayed taking these after reading so many accounts of awful experiences, but I imagine there are plenty of others that have no side effects."
"I have been taking citalopram 60mg for about 3 years.
At first it was working great, I was smiling more and laughing from the bottom of my stomach instead of just my throat. Now though I feel like it has completely stopped working. I have mood swings, anxiety, fears, not sleeping, waking up before dawn, etc. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s just me or is my medicine telling me it need&#039;s a change. What else can I try? I need my life back, my children need me."
"So I&#039;ve have the implant for around a year and a half now and I&#039;m so over it. So far I&#039;ve had horrible weight gain, at least a stone, with no lifestyle changes. I also now have constant mood swings and periods at least twice a month! I never had a period for almost 6 months when it first went in, now I feel I&#039;ve hardly been off my period for a year. Sometime it can last almost 6 weeks and gives me extremely bad migraines. However I will say it has done its job in that in not pregnant and I can&#039;t forget to take it but the cons definitely out weight the small benefits"
"At 46, I had a Total Abdominal hysterectomy 6 months ago due to adenomyosis and severe endometriosis. Had no hormone therapy at first  the doctor took a wait and see approach. One month ago I started having intense hot flashes and joint inflammation.  Doctor prescribed 1 mg estradiol a week ago and I noticed my symptoms vanished almost completely by day 2. I learned after trial in error that taking it in the morning works best for me as it gives me a ton of energy. I&#039;m starting to feel human again."
"I want to I really say people should wait at least 3 months before they rate Deplin or any psychiatric medicine, unless you have some major horrible reaction. Deplin gave me a kick start the first week I took it for some reason but then the effects disappeared.  I talked to the P-doc and he said it takes something like 6 weeks to build up in your system. Well after about 6 weeks or so I started to notice the effects. It gave my Wellbutrin a huge boost and my energy level rose through the roof. People rating a medicine after 2 days is just ridiculous and annoying. Even the SSRI&#039;s take a couple weeks to work. Stop it people."
"Feel like a walking zombie - unable to work or operate in a normal environment."
"Part 2
        May be something or nothing. I have RLS. when I was in my early teens myself and friends use to pitch a tent on the field in front of our house&#039;s during the summer. There was a rival group of kids too, they pitched tents else were. We used to play daft games. I can remember if we left the tent in the middle of the night with no shoes on,walked around on hard footpaths, roads etc. I always got RLS on getting back into the tent. This was my first memory of RLS. it never happened at any other time growing up. Maybe a clue as to why it happens. It started again at the age of 35ish. pass this on to other health pro&#039;s or think back for a trigger we may find out why and how this happens.k.midd 2017.."
"I say thank you 2 the company of Alvesco inhaler. Since using this my asthma attacks have become less frequent from getting admitted to hospital once a month, now only going in once every 5 months. My asthma is very chronic so I recommend Alvesco. THANK YOU.

"
"I can not even begin to tell you how Suboxone has saved my life. After 14 yrs of Opiate addiction stemming from a medical condition, I was scared to try it. I had experienced withdrawl a few times before but I did try it and my entire life changed. I am enjoying my life. I never felt any withdrawls. I started by taking 2 a day, now take 1 a day and feel great. Soon I&#039;ll be off completely. Please at least try them. You might get your life back."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot for about 6 months I haven&#039;t had a period or spotting except for just recently and I can&#039;t seem to use the restroom enough I don&#039;t drink that much liquids I&#039;ve been bloated and having stomach cramps to. I think I&#039;m going to see my doctor to get checked out. Other than that I haven&#039;t had any problems with the Depo-Provera."
"I rate Singulair with a ten because it has done everything I could have hoped for. I am 15 now and started taking it when I was 10 or 11. I am able to live my daily life without worrying about asthma, and I use albuterol 15 minutes before exercise through an inhaler, but without Singulair, I&#039;m sure it would be much worse. I have had absolutely no side effects whatsoever, and I am severely allergic to peanuts, nuts, shellfish, and have had allergic reactions to other medicines in the past. This is wonderful!"
"I&#039;ve been on Trilipix for over a year after every other cholesterol medicine failed. I either had side effects from them or they just didn&#039;t work. Trilipix lowered my triglycerides from 600  to the low 200&#039;s without a change in diet.  I&#039;ve had only minor, tolerable side effects (mostly bloating feelings) from this drug.  I am taking it alone without other cholesterol-lowering supplements."
"This pill did not go well with me. I took it for a week &amp; felt bloated, got acne, headaches everyday, nausea! I would take the pill at 7pm so my stomach wouldn&#039;t be empty but I would wake up around 3am to wanting to vomit. I started it on a day 1 start &amp; my period was so long and heavy, it didn&#039;t stop until I stopped taking the pill that week. But I tried taking it again since I&#039;ve read that symptoms will usually go away after a few months. The 2nd time around I felt bloated &amp; got a headache again the first day. The first night I woke up at 2am to throw up with a cold sweat I felt I would pass out. I&#039;m going to look into something else. I can&#039;t function with this nausea &amp; moodiness."
"The only thing that stops the spasms in my back is the Flector patch and my insurance no longer covers this.......back to square one"
"My 9 year old daughter has been on this for about 2 months.  We switched from Adderall XR due to severe weight loss.  This seems to work much better and also does not affect her personality like Adderall.   She has some loss of appetite but not as bad.   Yesterday I forgot to give the medication to her and she had a severe crying spell last night and did not know why.  I believe she may have been experiencing withdrawal symptoms.  She is taking 40 mg.   I may switch back to 30mg.  Be aware that you may not be able to stop this medication abruptly if on it for a long time."
"I first started off with Ortho Tri-Cyclen lo. I had heavy periods and for the first 3 months I almost fainted everyday. Then I switched to Lutera and I got a migraine everyday. I had bad cramps but very light period. Then switched to Aviane. I haven&#039;t had a single migraine and I still have very short light periods that last about 2-3 days. Just awesome."
"When I have low blood sugar in mid to late morning (light headed, shaky, nauseous) I hold 1/4 tablet (1gram) on my tongue and let it dissolve slowly.  Not a total cure but helps a lot.  (My doctor advised me to eat a banana, but it&#039;s not convenient to carry a banana in my pocket.)"
"I am a 25 year old woman who has been on and off birth control for the last nine years.  Being on various pills so long had KILLED my libido to the point that I forgot what it felt like to be aroused, and I recently began to bleed constantly between periods. I went to the gynecologist, and he put me on Loestrin 24 FE. I, off course, went home and researched it. The reviews I saw made me wary, but I started the regimen on Sunday, as directed. Granted, I did get sick (read: threw up) the second day, but after that, I had no problems whatsoever. And you know what? I stopped spotting, and best of all, my libido skyrocketed. I&#039;m at the end of my first month of pills, so we&#039;ll see how it goes next month, but for now I couldn&#039;t be happier."
"This has been a wonder drug for me!  After 3 months of struggling including broken ribs from coughing, I am grateful that after just 1 dose I was feeling better!  No side effects either."
"Well I bought sudafed blocked nose capsules..my nose was blocked I could hardly breathe amongst other symptoms like flu fever sickness n high temperature. Anyway the thing that was bothering me the most was my blocked nose so I bought these sudufed capsules and it was the best thing I done I took one straight away when I bought them and thought at first they didn&#039;t work but as I continued to use them as stated on the packet the sure worked and made it so much easier to breathe so thank you I would definitely 100% recommend these brilliant product so thank you x"
"You can actually call this birth control because I didn&#039;t want to have sex while I was on it. I had no type of sex drive whatsoever and I&#039;m always in a mood. I had mood swings, depression, and was nauseous all the time. The only thing that minastrin was good for was my period were light and lasted two days and I didn&#039;t get pregnant. I was originally on loestrin 24 fe and stopped. Loestrin 24 was the best birth control ever. I went back on birth control a year later because I couldn&#039;t afford to pay for it at the time but now my insurance basically covers anything now. The doctor prescribed me minastrin and it was the worst thing ever. I stopped using it after 3 months and felt so much better."
"I have been taking 50 mg of Trazadone for over a year now.  I think it&#039;s awesome!  I was prescribed it for insomnia, I have had insomnia since high school and I&#039;m talking BAD insomnia, like 3 hours or less a night.  I could not cope any more.  I also have depression and anxiety, so I take 37.5 mg of Paxil everyday.  I take the Paxil in the am and the Trazadone at night.  When I take my normal dose of T. I wake up fine, not hungover, sick or anything.  The ONLY time I feel yuck when waking up is if I have tried to cut the T. down, which I have tried.  I don&#039;t like the withdrawals at all, I would rather take these pills for life then suffer the withdrawals.  I believe the T has also helped me with my depression."
"70 days smoke free so far, started taking Champix on 1st of Jan, 2015 - best decision of my life. I&#039;ve tried other quit-smoking aids (gums, patches, e-cig&#039;s) and nothing worked. With Champix it wasn&#039;t even an effort to quit - seriously, after about 11 days into treatment it was becoming a drag to even go buy cigarettes let alone smoke them. Regarding adverse effects, in my last 3 weeks of treatment (took Champix for total of 6 weeks) I began experiencing nausea when taking the pills without food - the nausea was rectified when taking the drug with an adequate amount of food though and I experienced no other adverse effects. I smoked for 4 years, up to 2 packs per day. 10/10, Champix saved my lungs and I couldn&#039;t be happier!"
"I was prescribed escitalopram for anxiety and panic attacks. I did not have any difference in anxiety and instead suffered from extreme depression and suicidal thoughts within a few weeks of being on it. My doctor made me promise to try this one for at least 6 weeks and the feeling only got worse and worse. I had to slowly ween myself off (as warned to do), and feel 100x better with that stuff out of my system. Apparently this side effect is rare, but very scary."
"My seizures changed to Partial onset seizures. I can&#039;t remember what happened 5 minutes ago, but my seizures have subsided. I&#039;m also weening off of Keppra it made me impossible to live with. I also want to sleep a lot."
"I am 45 2 kids had mirena put in January for ease of birth control and was recommended by dr. I have had no hormonal issues. however I have light bleeding almost every day (use 1-2 panty liners a day) since insertion. went back at 3 month dr told me body needs time to adjust. I&#039;m trying to be patient but am about at wits end. had mirena put in so I could have safe sex--now don&#039;t have sex cause of constant bleeding. I&#039;m gonna try to wait till 6 months and see if it lets up but not sure I can make it that long--hate to think I wasted 1/2 year on something that isn&#039;t working for me. if not I&#039;m having it taken out. was on bc pills most of adult life and never had issue. any body else experience this and did it ever get better?"
"I&#039;ve had this nexplanon since September and at first it was great! I had very light bleeding on and off for about 3 weeks and then it went away. After the bleeding I started to feel myself changing. Feeling  more tired then usual. All I want to do is sleep. and the weight gain is really bad. I use to eat mcdonalds every day, only cause I worked there, and I still was not this big. I can barely fit my jeans and by boobs are so big I had to buy a ton of new bras. I figured I needed to change my diet but I don&#039;t even eat as much I used too and I am twice as big as I was. My skin is also getting super dry. I&#039;m getting this taking out as soon as possible because the mood swings are scaring my parents and friends."
"Great medication. My pressure prior to using Tribenzor averaged 160-170 / 90-95.  It is now averaging about 130/75. I have been taking it for just over a month.  Minimal side effects, mostly slight dizzy spells when getting up too quickly.  I previously used many combinations of individual pills with mostly negative results. I highly recommend this combination all in one pill."
"Excellent blood panels following regular monthly injections.  I&rsquo;ve been on it for 24 months with the past 8 months presenting with lower back/ side pain strong burning sensation I mistook for lower back strain. Icing gave no relief so I stopped for 6 weeks and back pain subsided.  I recently took another injection and 2 days later my lower back pain has returned along with strong burning pain in my right thigh down to my kneecap very strong stinging sensation. Very disappointing. Doc states he may try me on another alternative therapy and stop Repatha ."
"Started Strattera treatment two months ago and it has been amazing. I can focus like a normal person (25 years old, 82 kg), without the need of glancing at my phone every two minutes. I could even listen to people and not having the need of interrupting them as always. I had some side effects (dry mouth, if I wake up too fast I get dizzy, difficulties to pee sometimes, sometimes erections are difficult to keep) but I can live with them since they not always happen. I can have orgasms like normal and I sleep like a baby since I take it. Everything went better but honestly, like every drug for ADHD, it&#039;s better to make short pauses to evaluate whether you need to change or suspend the treatment. I really recommend it."
"I take Topamax daily and Imitrex injections as needed.  My Imitrex injections weren&#039;t working for me so my doctor prescribed Fioricet and it takes care of my headaches almost immediately."
"I developed severe akathisia (restlessness) while taking this medication. I had a difficult time sitting in one place for more than a few minutes and it was absolutely exhausting. I also developed insomnia and TD (tardive dyskinesia) and altogether I would say this medication was very difficult to tolerate. I was happy to be taken off of it."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for approximately 6 years.  Started with 10mg, then 20mg, then 40mg...
I&#039;m at a point where I know it helps me but the side effects are increasing and I&#039;m not sure if I should lower dosage or up it.  
I also take Xanax up to three times a day."
"I have to say this drug did more harm then good and my body is very dependent on it. In only a year span I started having serious weight and back issues. I have never had any issues with my back but all of a sudden my bones started to get brittle. Then the disc herniations started happening, and like a domino effect entire spine was damaged. I see along of info on children or babies effected with their spine but apparently it can do the same for a grown adult. I was put on this med for anxiety and what my dr thought was bp. Turns out as time goes by dr lowers my depakote and cAme to the conclusion I do not have bp. Great.. Damage done.. Abnormal EEG. , spine damage, and severe chemical dependency .. Lost my hair , my looks, weight ."
"I can&#039;t take it on an empty stomach. I have to take it every four hours. Makes me sleepy. My dentist prescribed this for me yesterday."
"I was put on antibiotics for a UTI and noticed that the frequency and urgency went away but that I was still having urethral burning. My friend told me she had the same thing and that it was a YI. Desperate to stop the burning I went out and got the monistat one day thinking it would be nice to get it over with. I just woke up at 3:00am with severe itching and burning of my vagina. I would take a UTI over this. I just went pee to try and get some out but omg it&#039;s like fire ants are in my pants. I won&#039;t be sleeping tonight and I really hope it works. I am so glad I am not the only one who experienced this because I was scared! I would recommend going to your doctor and trying the oral 1-2 doses of fluconazole instead."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for almost 5 years now and it&#039;s amazing. I tried the pill before but always forgot to take it, the patch is perfect since you change it weekly. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects whatsoever, the only downside I ever remember is the first couple months it was really annoying and itchy, but now I never even notice it. And sometimes it starts to peel off in the shower, but in the time I&#039;ve been on it I&#039;ve only had patches fall completely off twice, so overall this thing is an effective lifesaver. It has never failed me."
"Have had atrial fibrillation for 25 years.  Tried a number a medicines and was on amiodarone for a few years but had to stop. Decided to give Rythmol a try, and have used it for more than 15 years.  Have not had a noticeable attack of atrial fibrillation for many years, although I did land in emergency for another arrhythmia last year.  This has been a life saver for me.  Supply is getting to be an issue though."
"I&#039;ve had mirena for over a month (inserted 7 weeks ago). I was worried about insertion, but honestly did not feel a thing. I spotted for about a month, 10 of those days I needed more than a panty liner. Since then spotting has stopped and husband cannot feel strings at all."
"I was on this pill for 3 months and I decided to switch because I kept getting breakthrough bleeding and headaches. I did not experience any changes in breast size like some other people are claiming to get, I also did not experience any weight change. I did always feel lazy/tired and my hair seemed to be falling out. On a good note, it seemed to help with my acne and didn&#039;t kill my sex drive. Oh, and I didn&#039;t get pregnant."
"I suffered all my life from severe anxiety. Finally at 40 I found a Doctor who gave me alprazolam. I could not leave the house without it and I did go on for 40 years suffering. I have been taking it daily for 10 years now and I often wonder if I could stop but I also know my quality of life and my heart (according to my Doctor) would be a problem."
"Reading these comments are what kept me so calm ..and I promised myself if it works I will write a comment to ease the mind of others the way my mind was eased ......first of all ladies please calm down ...if u took the pill when u were suppose to u will be OK......sooo...on September 3rd it was the last day of my period my Flo was light and I decide to have sex we used protection anywho the condom slipped off and he ejaculated in me ...SCARIEST MOMENT OF MY LIFE .....this was at 1:18am in the morning I bought the pill and took at 10am ...a few days later I had some dark spotting and I took 5 pregnancy tests all negative as I went to take another my period came 10-23-16 I&#039;ve never been so happy to menstrate in my life ..."
"With Lutera I had a good experience. I had light but regular periods. My only complaint was I got horrible headaches right before my period and during my period. My cramps were tolerable if at all. I did not notice any weight gain and my moods were pretty regular. I only switched to something different because the headaches were too much and I got a new doctor and she said that there were too much hormones in this and lowered my dose of estrogen with a different birth control."
"I find that Excedrin does not do a great job for treating my osteoarthritis pain. It does a fantastic job with headaches, so I use it for headaches primarily."
"I was terrified of flying and my doctor prescribed me Ativan a day before my flight and 1 hour before my flight.  It works perfect for me.  Since then I don&#039;t have any panic/anxiety attack.  I enjoy every single trip I have now."
"I was on Nexplanon for precisely 3 months. I got it out yesterday and switched immediately. I wanted it to work so badly but with the severe vaginal dryness and painful intercourse, I decided it just wasn&#039;t worth it. I was on a combined pill Chateal before this for 3 years. I never had the dryness problem on Chateal. Nexplanon was wonderful for my energy level, state of mind and NO periods at all! For me though, I had to have it taken out because continual painful intercourse and vag dryness for 3 months was not acceptable. I believe my body needs a combined pill, a little estrogen to help me stay wet. Now I&#039;m on a lower dose combined pill, Aubra."
"Alprazolam for me is an excellent medication. I have ADHD and am 47 years old. A professional in business and have a somewhat stressful life, like many people. Having gone through anxiety attacks, I found this medicine to be perfect to calm my mental state in 20-30 minutes after taking. A small dosage usually does what is needed, 1/2 of a 0.25 mg tablet. Once every 4 hours 3 times a day for 2-4 days, don&#039;t take it as a quick fix, anxiety can bounce right back unexpectedly. Keep a note pad with things to do and tell your doctor if you need more than one full 0.25 mg tablet dosage, as using it in larger amount can cause dependency."
"Got prescribed Zoloft after my 20 year relationship ended after my ex husband became addicted to meth. I was very depressed and couldn&#039;t control my thoughts about the situation, I had a hard time sleeping, zoning out, focusing, and adjusting to my normal everyday life. I started on 25 mg for about 3 weeks then increased to 50 mg. I&#039;ve been on 50mg for a couple months and feel so much better. I can focus on my life again and never break down crying anymore etc. I had no side effects besides loose stool here and there. I like how there were no real side effects for me and it did what I was seeking. I would recommend to try Zoloft before other medications. I will not increase my dosage."
"I have gotten my nexplanon in the middle of march and have gotten it removed thursday. It is effective of not getting you pregnant but the symptoms are not worth it i was thrpwing up,dizzy, having hot flashes, bad ass stomach pains and back pains very far more worst than having another baby. This was my first time receiving any borth control and will be the last cause of this have me feeling like this aint no telling what the other ones will do to me ! I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS BIRTH CONTROL TO ANYONE!"
"My doctor instructed me to take 4 pills at once. Six hours later I had a small bowel movement. I did not have any cramping. I&#039;m still waiting and hoping for another bowel movement."
"I was diagnosed with a disorder that essentially makes me never feel full after eating and always hungry. I am a very healthy eater. High protein, lots of veggies, some fruit, huge water drinker, no sugar and alcohol on occasion. Despite the good eating and the consistent activity of being a mom of 3 kids, I am about 70 pounds overweight.

The first day of taking this medication, I did not feel hungry all day long. I actually had to remind myself to eat for the first time in my life. Since this is week one, I can&#039;t report on weight loss.

So far I am having a pretty bad headache that is consistent. I&#039;m also having a few strange hot flashes. However, I&#039;m sleeping better. 

I have to agree that the cost is outrageous. Time will tell. "
"I had a great experience with this antidepressant. I am 18 and I&#039;ve been on it for four years. I forgot to take it today for the first time in years. I&#039;ve been crying and shaking all day because my body doesn&#039;t know how to function without it. Needless to say, I need it to get through every day life. It&#039;s worked so well for so long. I can&#039;t see myself getting off of it any time soon."
"Been very patient with this medication with high hopes but after 6 months I stopped as I only lost 3 lbs. For whatever reason I couldn&#039;t resist the binges. Appetite seemed about the same so maybe I just have to focus more on more natural methods."
"I have been taking this medication for about a year.  I started off with 0.5 mg.  I was still having some evening anxiety so I asked to be moved to 1 mg dosage.  I still had occasional anxiety in the evenings, so I asked to be moved to 1-2 mg dosage.  I find that moving up to a 2 mg dosage causes me some drowsy issues and I am currently tweaking it to where I need it. My anxiety is like nothing I have ever seen or heard anyone experience.  I know there are other people out there that have the same issues.  I think it helps stabilize my highs and lows.  I am more a bipolar type 2 person, which means my depressions are slight and my hypo-mania is somewhat great because I feel I can take on the world."
"I started this a week ago because I was having incredibly intense cramps and nausea every time I needed to poop. I experienced massive diarrhea about an hour after I took it. I have other digestive issues, including Gastroparesis, GERD, and kidney problems, so I&#039;m used to these issues. So I continued to take it and deal with the fallout diarrhea. Yesterday, I had the best day I&#039;ve had in months. When I took the linzess, I didn&#039;t have the diarrhea and in fact had a normal day! I think this stuff might be effective if you can get past the initial diarrhea part and let it work for a week or so. I&#039;m a little nervous about reports that it stops working after a month, but I&#039;m going to see what happens."
"Helps reduce the amount of pain a great deal, without the drugged out effect."
"I started using Tretinoin cream in August 2016 and I would like to say that it really saved my skin. I never really used to get acne but in March 2016 my skin took a turn for the worse. I started to develop acne on my chin and it moved to my cheeks. I had red bumps under the skin that would never come to a head. My dermatologist prescribed tretinoin 0.25% and my skin started to clear up within 2 months of using it. I will say that it does take time but it does get better. I still use it every night before bed. I&#039;m working on clearing up some darker spots on my skin but overall skin is so much better."
"I&#039;m coming off the depo soon, hoping the withdrawal symptoms aren&#039;t as bad as I heard. Initially the shot made me bleed for the first shot, 3 months, then it abruptly stopped. If I didn&#039;t get the shot right away, it caused some pretty awful mood swings if I didn&#039;t get it the first day possible. Lost a bit of weight in the breast area, went down a bra size due to the shot. Otherwise, no significant weight gain. No periods is a big plus! But mood swings are pretty bad."
"My son started nightly injections of Tev-Tropin just 5 weeks ago after being diagnosed with a growth deficiency. He is almost 13 years old. We measured this morning and he has growth 3/4 of an inch!"
"Great after 6 wks."
"I&#039;ve been on this for about a year and a half. I like it, my periods are regular, I hardly ever get cramps anymore. But, ever since I&#039;ve been on this, I have urinary tract infections all the time, they keep coming back."
"Great pill.  It really works well."
"Throughout half of my whole life I have been plagued with chronic constipation, and recently it was very bad. My entire large intestine was full of waste and was in so much pain I lost over a week of work! I took the medicine last night, and ended up falling asleep with no results and I was scared it wasn&#039;t going to work on me. Next thing I know I went to the bathroom to go do #1, and ended up very surprised by doing #2, 3, 4, &amp; 5! Lol, it may be disgusting to some, but this medicine is definitely AWE-some.... it relieved my pain and possibly saved me from being fired."
"I always see such dramatic reviews about birth control, most of the time negative experiences. This pill is overall great, for me, this is the third brand I&#039;ve changed to within this past year and the only complaint I have about it is that ever since I started this pill, I feel like I&#039;ve lost a lot more hair. My hair is much thinner than it has ever been. Besides hair loss/thinning, this pill worked amazing compared the previous two I was on. This pill gave me no weight gain or loss, no breakouts, no abnormal symptoms. I even get my period when I&#039;m supposed to + it lighten my period a lot! I would totally recommend this if you don&#039;t have a family genetic of hair loss :)"
"For the first time in my life I feel normal. Dec 2011 I has gastric sleeve surgery. (Due to pcos and being pre diabetic ) Going in I weighed 352. I lost nearly 100#s. Over the past few years I&#039;ve gained 70 back. I work on the road and had no willpower when it came to coworkers stopping for fast food. Saying no is easy now. I&#039;m unsure how much I&#039;ve lost as my scale is broke, but I&#039;m back in my &quot;skinny jeans&quot; (snug but I couldn&#039;t come close to clasping them prior to saxenda. I pretty much force every meal down, and actually have to count calories to ensure I&#039;m getting enough! My main side effect has been nausea. Eatting a few bites feeling like I ate a buffet."
"I have been using Ambien CR for 3 years. I love it. I make sure to take it on an empty stomach and in 20-30 minutes I am asleep.  The only things I would warn about is: make sure you have at least 8 hours of sleep time, it doesn&#039;t work well if you eat before taking the pill, and I have done some things I have no memory of doing. My husband has tried Ambien CR and said it doesn&#039;t work on him. I would recommend Ambien CR to anyone who has trouble falling and staying asleep."
"I have needed to get my four wisdom teeth pulled out for 2 years now. And just on this medication until surgery. My  mandible which is my lower jaw and gums are very swollen and infected not so much  pain in my upper areas in my mouth. My dentist prescribed me Tylenol #3 with codeine and antibiotics . Tylenol #3 is a joke it does not help with my pain at all it just makes me very drowsy. When I do rest the pain is still severe."
"It is the only stuff that works for me."
"Did 2.5 mg/day for 1 week, moved to 5 mg after that. After 10 days, developed mild ringing in ears and a few other mild symptoms. Stopped Cialis. Too late, damage already done to hair cells in cochlea (inner ear). Then did Prednisone (5 days at 30 mg, then 5 days at 15 mg), which seems to have helped the ringing in the ears. After 6 weeks of no Cialis I then started again but this 2nd round had NO side effects at all and ringing in ears seems to be diminishing. Been on 5 mg again now for 3 weeks, all ok, very good positive effects (but ringing hasn&#039;t completely gone). My drug plan pays 100% luckily as long as I buy it in 90 day supply ($450) to incur only 1 pharma dispensing fee."
"Completely amazing. This product really works if you&#039;re like me really worried about going out because of excessive sweating. This product is for you, I only use this once and the next day it stung but I was completely dry not a single drop of sweat so the pros far out weigh the cons the pain and the cost are worth the payoff. Would recommend this to anyone. I am using extra strength there is mild pain but works for me there&#039;s also a mild version. Give it a try."
"I was on Lexapro for 6 years before it started to poop out. Besides panic disorder, I have some OCD and I am scared of taken medicine. So, when the doctor wanted me to try Celexa it took three months of therapy and hitting rock bottom before I took it. Well, 5 weeks later things are great. Virtually no panic attacks and it has reduce to obsessive compulsive disorder habits to a minimum. I did have loss of sex drive for the first three weeks, but I am back to normal now and my husband is happy. I was also very scared of gaining more weight. I gained 45 lbs on Lexapro but so far on Celexa I have lost 8 lbs. I hope this medicine never poops out on me."
"Epiduo makes my skin more oily then it actually is, I&#039;m not getting dry flakey skin just terrible oily skin.Im still using it every night for the last 6 months but I do still get normal acne, so not much has changed."
"I&#039;ve  had sleep disruption for many years. I took Ambien for years, now Lunesta. Gradually reduced from 3 mg to 0 mg, with zero problems.  My mind was clearer. With new severe stress &amp; sleep disruptions again, recently went back on Lunesta. Started with 1 mg, then 2 then 3. Trouble is, now still waking up after about 4 hours, then waking and sleeping throughout the next 4 hours. I also use Belleruth Naperstacks &quot;Sleep&quot;  guided imagery CD to fall asleep and her &quot;General Wellness&quot; $ &quot;Stress and Anxiety&quot; in early morning or Jon Kabat Zinn&#039;s &quot;Body Scan&quot; during those 4 hours when my sleep is intermittent. I&#039;m finding that I am sleepy and tired when I get out of bed now at 3 mg &amp; feel overly medicated, yet it isn&#039;t working well after 4 hours."
"This medication literally saved my life. I noticed a difference after a few days on 10mg. I had diarrhea once. I did have a TON of gas for a few weeks. I also have been eating a high protein diet since starting this medicine. I am not sure if that helps.
Have been on 20mg for about 3 months.  Only side effects I have are mild RLS and I wake up after 4 hours.  I take 1000mg L-tryptophan at night and I sleep just fine now. 30mg would work better for me as far as the depression goes (unfortunately, that is not manufactured), but I can&#039;t afford two prescriptions.  20mg also seems to make me manic when I am PMSing, but the depression was so bad that the benefits outweigh the risk, so I am staying here. 40mg would make me a basket case."
"I am 27, have had acne starting in the 6th grade. Some products in the past have helped but Aczone has cleared me right up! This product has given me self esteem that I never remember having in my life."
"Over the last 4yrs ever since having my nexaplon implant I have had serious mental and physical health problems and it&#039;s completely affected my life and everything in it. The pain is unbearable sometimes, it says it&#039;s does stop your periods but to not have one for nearly 5yrs can&#039;t be healthy. My depression and anxiety have gone through the roof and I&#039;m always tired but can&#039;t sleep. It has gotten to the point where I&#039;m ready to cut my arm off but I didn&#039;t believe that something so little that is supposed to help you could cause so many life changing problems! I would not recommend this birth control to anyone I&#039;m 21, nearly 22 and this has ruined my life and changed me as a person completely I don&#039;t ever feel happy or like myself!"
"Day 4 on 5 mg for MDD, no stomach issues or major side effects, I will update in a few days."
"I have had awful foot pain for over 10 years and have tried many medicines.  My Doctor suggested Mobic and it did wonders for my pain. I have been on it 5 days now and can not believe the difference it has made.  I can now walk without shuffling around because of pain. Side effects are mild for now. I have light headache from time to time and ear pressure. Hope that improves. I take 7.5 twice a day since 15 seemed to make side effects worse. A nice surprise everytime I get up to walk and feel little or no pain."
"I began to have breakouts after the mastectomies...had to take hormonal pills.  I tried so many things, went to dermotologist and tried stuff.  What really worked was a skin regimen and taking a low does antibiotic (doxycycline)  Then my daughter told me about Differin.  I have been on this for almost 3 months.  There has been some good clearing up, dry patches where the blemishes were.  My face is very oily and so this didn&#039;t bother me.  I never moisturize because of the oil..all of them make my skin break out even more.  Expect to have some breakouts as you get used to this.  I am almost down to the wire, things are clearing up slowly but surely.  Medicare doesn&#039;t not cover lots of meds like this so OTC"
"Only positive: I have PCOS &amp; this pill cleared my acne up nicely. This pill made me feel like an absolute raging psycho. I am angry, irritable, depressed, tired, and just absolutely so miserable on this pill. I&#039;ve also gained about 15 pounds (lots in my stomach) in the last 7 months since I started it, and have developed melasma. I&#039;ve been on numerous birth control pills and this is THE WORST. Changing pills ASAP. I&#039;m tired of feeling this awful. Hope your experience is better if you&#039;re reading this."
"I love Aleve!  I&#039;ve been lifting weights for more than 20 years and started having tendonitis in my elbows a few years ago.  Often times all I&#039;d have to do is take Aleve and rest for a day or two and the pain would go away.  This time I&#039;m having to lay off the heavy weights (for good) and wear the brace, but use Aleve as well.  The combination of the two is really working!  I started out taking it twice a day, but have gone down to once a day.  I plan to do that for a week or two."
"It gave me a brownish dishcharge that would not go away until I pulled it out for good.  It also did not stay flush  to my cervix as I expected it would."
"Im a 29 yr old female. I&#039;ve used minocycline on and off since I was 22. I have stopped a few times to see if I am over my acne. Antibiotics DO NOT CURE ACNE they just keep it at bay. Most people will grow out of acne. Some have it for a few years, some have it for several, some their whole lives. Everyone is different.
I don&#039;t experience any bad side effects while on this drug. I start on 2&times;50mg a day and then eventually 2-3pills a week.
All the roughness/white heads around my nose clears up and is smooth. All my cystic acne vanishes. My skin is less greasy. I then have a chance to repair my skin of any scarring. Professional facials are good for this.
It takes me about a month to see results.
Full price AU$16.Consession $5 for 1month supply."
"It wasn&#039;t a bad birth control other than the mood swing and anxiety. 6 months into it I started to have a really hard time breathing and chest pain and swelling of arms and legs. I checked out side effects and these are some of the more severe ones. I took myself off of it a week ago, and I feel so much better, I&#039;m less anxious and moody and the pain and swelling."
"After hearing about the horror stories, I was hesitant to try Accutane. I tried Minocycline (Solodyn), Doryx (Doxycycline), and Bactrim DS. The only thing that was pretty good at clearing was Bactrim DS. Bactrim worked best, but was not working anymore. I had no choice but to go with Accutane. It was a little drying with the eyes initially and my lips still get dry. What people fail to mention is that your body adjusts to the side effects and that you won&#039;t have an initial breakout if you start low. I started at 40mg. Going to 60mg this month (my second month). Don&#039;t forget, Accutane takes between 2-4 months to see clearing. Good luck! :)"
"It&#039;s a 10 plus for me, lasted right at 2 hours and my wife loved it. All the other stuff really didn&#039;t do much of anything, also made it noticeably bigger."
"I&#039;ve been on Gianvi for about three months now. It&#039;s been amazing for my period which was heavy, long, and always a miserable experience. I bled for a whole month when I first started taking it, but my doctor said that was normal...so I loved what it did for my period. What I did not love is that I am so hungry all the time on this pill, and although I haven&#039;t gone too overboard with eating, I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds since starting the pill. It has done nothing to help my acne, it has made me lazy, and my mood swings are out of control...I&#039;ll become a sobbing mess out of nowhere."
"Hydroxyzine helps with my symptoms of anxiety. Its helping me keep my mind focused and not dwell over bad situations that have happened in my life and worry so much."
"I had Implanon put in nearly two months ago; was period free for two weeks then have been bleeding ever since. I was told to expect unpredictable and irregular bleeding but it&#039;s been the opposite; just constant and annoying. My sex drive is fine but as a single person it makes it rather difficult to meet people when you&#039;re literally bleeding all the time! Went back to the doctors who has prescribed me Levelin on top to level out the bleeding, which sort of defeated the purpose of getting the Implanon in the first place so I wouldn&#039;t have to take the pill. The reason I&#039;ve given it 3 stars is that despite the cost for pads, tampons and additional medications it&#039;s far less than that of having a baby, which it has been effective in preventing!"
"I have been using Maxalt for about 5 plus years now.   I have tried other migraine meds but Maxalt is the only one that helps the migraine pain and allows me to function - before this med.  I would have to take my usual trip to the emergency room for treatment and a few time was actually hospitalized for the pain and dehydration.  It was terrible, but now i can depend on Maxalt - it is a miracle."
"Worked almost right away, walked down stairs without pain."
"I just inserted the cream. It feels like I am being burned from the inside. WARNING: DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT. I am heading over to CVS tomorrow to return this. As soon it was inserted I wanted to cry. I wanted to get it all out. If it feels any worse I am going to urgent care. This company needs to have a class action law suit against it. This product should not be INSERTED into people. DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!&#039;"
"So far so good..thrilled to be feeling human again. Only one migraine in the past month vs. the NASTY 3-4/week minimum that were taking over my life. Side effects: first couple days, blood pressure and pulse dropped too low, but have normalized to normal-low range. Now insomnia and nightmares are the biggest problems. I read that propranolol reduces melatonin production, am hopeful taking a small 1/2-1mg dose a couple hours before bed will help. Note:I don&#039;t recommend taking any more than this!  A few months ago, I couldn&#039;t figure out why I was so tired--my mom suggested I stop taking the 3mg I had been taking right before bed--magically I was no longer falling asleep at work. "
"Having chronic pain in my whole spine they gave me the Fentanyl patch they started low dosage then they moved me up to 75mg. At this time in my life I was also had hot flashes. I seen no warnings nothing about that. Long story short after the second day I started withdrawing and that people is not a pretty site. I had no idea what was going on. So I never went back on it. There should be a warning to all doctors and pharmacies. I had to pull it off the internet to show my pharmacy."
"My eyes were very dry and ichy and I had only put one drop in each eye and could fill a difference. I&#039;m on day two and see improvement in my eyes thanks."
"This has worked great for me.  I&#039;ve been on it for 5 months and my A1C is 6.1 (down from 7.2).  It is expensive, but if you go to their website, you can sign up for a card that will pay your copay for 1 year (up to $3900).  Basically, I get the medication for free for a year."
"I have taken this pill for 7 years and my gyno recommended a lower dose pill (Yaz).  Yasmin has done wonders for PCOS symptoms of acne, weight gain and overall mood issues.  I am 45 years old and do not smoke.  Overall, it has been an amazing pill."
"Lyrica made me a zombie. I could just sit and flip channels on the TV or stare off into space. If it helped the neuropathy I did not notice. Stopped taking it after one week and the Doctor put me back on Neurontin. Neurontin does not help so much with the pain in my feet and legs but at least I can function."
"I&#039;m five feet and was weighing in at 152lb. I tried diet and exercise but I wasn&#039;t losing any weight. I went to a clinic and got this medicine and just four weeks later I&#039;m down to 139.
The clinic did tell me that the medicine works best the first few months and then hardly at all. For me that&#039;s just fine bc I&#039;m not wanting to lose more than 30 pounds anyway."
"I have had my mirena for about a week and a half and I love it. Not having to rememeber the pill is 1000000% better.
However, the insertion process was very painful. I have never had a child before which also makes its very uncomfortable. When she touched the back wall of my uterus it was literally one of the most uncomfortable painful cramps ever. It only took about 2 minutes though. After the procedure I had extreme and intense cramping for 5 hours after. the next 5 days I had on and of cramps that were uncomfortable but tolerable. I highly recommend the mirena iud because it is effective and a bit of pain for five years of protection is completely worth it. Don&#039;t let the pain keep your from getting this amazing form of birth control!"
"I&#039;ve been on Celexa now for 4 weeks and have noticed improvement in my mood/stress and anxiety. I would recommend to take it at night as that way you won&#039;t feel as tired when you get up and you aren&#039;t aware of other symptoms as much. I take it an hour before I go to bed and I can start to feel tired so it does help with sleep. I started at 10 now at 20 and I think I&#039;ll see if I can go to 25mg. I still take the clonazepam at night too though I was taking 1 pill I cut back to 1/2 a pill as in the morning I was really groggy. In the end you do have to work with this medication. It&#039;s not for everyone, you will have side effects that for the most part will go away and like any other medicine it&#039;s trial and error."
"Nausea, migraines, upset stomach. In general I&#039;m very unhappy. Living in hell. Nine pills to go before placebo and I will continue just because don&#039;t want to get pregnant."
"This is my second round of trying. I have had a really hard time getting that second pill into my daily schedule as I don&#039;t eat in the morning and taking this on an empty stomach renders me nauseous to the point of vomiting.  This stuff DOES WORK-- if you can grit your teeth and make it through the nausea."
"Wasn&#039;t too bad to insert. First 3 months I had continuous spotting. Period stopped after 3 months. At first it felt fine.. Developed GAD and anxiety disorders half a year in and started crying for no reason at everything and had to see a therapist twice. I thought it was just me going crazy until a year passed and I got my period all of a sudden. My monthly periods then would last 10-12 days and hurt like hell. Cramping was UNBEARABLE. I never cramped on BC pills or off BC pills, but all the time on Mirena. I was depressed, tired, gained 10lb and was always hungry, anxious 24/7, and sensitive to every little thing. Removed my IUD after a year and a half of use and switched back to BC. VERY disappointed with this- I had such high hopes"
"Best medication ever."
"Before Sprintec, I would have my period every 6 months. Two times a year. It scared me so I went to my gyno doctor and She told me I wasn&#039;t ovulating so I was put on medication. My first month was horrible. I started my period on the very last day of my 4th week. The cramps were unbearable. I didn&#039;t sleep for that whole week. I&#039;ve been gaining weight and its so hard to lose weight. I get bad chest pains and feel faint sometimes. Its only been a month and a half though. No acne though."
"I&#039;ve used Tegretol for the last three years and it&#039;s still working like it did in the beginning.  My moods have been so much better over this time and I have a
lot better outlook now versus the time before I started taking this medicine.  I love these good moods I stay in throughout the day."
"Lexapro has literally saved my life! Before starting the medication, I was terribly depressed &amp; suicidal.  I finally got the courage, with the help of my husband to talk to my physician.  I initially began on the 10mg dosage. The first week was rough with bad headaches, nausea and extreme fatigue. By the second week, the only side affect I had was a little spaciness that I feel was from the fatigue that had continued.  However; at week 2, I felt so much better. Now after 2.5 months and moving to a 20mg dose, I have my life back! I haven&#039;t felt this much peace in years. I can sleep. I can laugh. I can smile.....and I can&#039;t imagine taking my own life.  Best of all: I can love others because I&#039;m happy and at peace with myself. Worth it all!!!!"
"Had to take before my colonoscopy, and really had trouble keeping it down. I gagged and threw up more than I got down (or so it seemed), but it did begin to clean me out. Almost through the first course (started at 7:45pm and it&#039;s now 9:40pm), and I&#039;m already dreading the second round that begins at 2:00am for my 7:15am appointment. Not looking forward to this again. Will ask for something different the next time. I would forego the colonoscopy just so I could skip the prep, but with pre-cancerous polips found three times in the past I can&#039;t skip having my yearly colonoscopy. God help me!"
"Do NOT take this medication at all costs!!! Ended up in the ER after 3 dosages. Doctor&#039;s can&#039;t tell what&#039;s going on wiht me. I&#039;m going to see another doc this week to do more tests. I still feel very dizzy, weak, having heart palpitations, can&#039;t concentrate, anxious, depressed...I&#039;m going crazy because of this stupid drug!!!!!!!!"
"My fianc"
"Excellent for Major Depressive Disorder, as well as some mixed anxiety disorders."
"I had the mirena placed at my 6 week postpartum visit in May 2014 after my second child at the age of 25. My husband and I knew our family was complete. I discussed birth control options with my obgyn - Mirena, Essure, and the pill. I opted for the mirena after asking yons of questions, which he was very honest and told me out of the 5 he puts in he might take 2 out, I knew that wasn&#039;t good odds but I will give it a try. He inserted it in no time with no pain. I have had it in for about 15 months now and absolutely love it. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain, no crazy hormones, no cramping, and best of all no spotting or periods since day 1. I hope my success continues like this for the next 4 years with it inserted."
"I have been struggling with pain killers for the last ten years (15-20 Lortab 10&#039;s/10 SOMAS per day), then after many attempts to stop, 7 Rehabs. I read about the Suboxone program on the internet. I found a clinic in my area that offered Suboxone and decided to try it. 
 I started the program taking 2/8mg pills per day, and it is an absolute MIRACLE. I won&#039;t lie to you, the mental cravings are still with me, but with time they have gotten a lot better (and a support group will definitely help with that part, and changing the people you hang out, if that is a problem will be a major plus). PLEASE BELIEVE ME, YOU CAN GET YOUR LIFE BACK. It it is not easy, but with will power, you can do this. STICK WITH IT WORKS."
"I currently have been diagnosised with GERD, chronic gastritis, and esophagitis. I have been taking 2 Protonix 40 mg a for 2 years and started taking Zantac 150 mg twice a day work 2 months now. That is 4 pills daily. My Gastroenterologist put me on Kapidex for a month now. I have not had any problems so far. I cannot see inside my body to see if it works but hey if it can take me from 4 pills a day to only 1 I will take it. The only thing is the cost."
"I took the medicine in the morning. I can finally take a deep breath! I have had sinus congestion issues for years, and I wish I would have known about this product much sooner. Its awesome. I only took one pill and I am 6&#039; 4&quot; 270lbs and that seems to me fine for solid relief."
"I&#039;ve been using linzess 290 for a couple of years off and on because if stops working after a couple of months. I started it again and I&#039;m finishing up my 2nd bottle and nothing. No results whatsoever. I use enemas a couple times a week and all I can get out are hard, round, tiny, rock like poop is all I get. I don&#039;t know what else to do."
"Was treated for a urinary tract infection but I had no symptoms, so I really don&#039;t know if it actually helped. But I ended up with a yeast infection afterwards. Only took it for 3 days."
"I&#039;ve been sick for 3 weeks and a doctor at an Emergency Med place prescribed this for my nagging cough. In the past when I&#039;ve been sick with something like this I was prescribed a narcotic cough medicine which helped me get the sleep I need. I was hesitant to take a pill and came on this site. My own intuition was telling me NOT to take the pills. All of these negative reviews have helped me confirm what I already felt inside!"
"Love it. Girls Implanon is amazing.
Positives:
1. no pill phone alarms any more. 
2. no worry for three years.
3. no period for 7 month yaaaaaaaaay (I had it inserted in June 2010).    
4. I got nothing of the side effects they are talking about.   
5. no more hormones, no more crying or mood swings.     

I only got low libido, which is fine for me. 
When I got it inserted, didn&#039;t feel a thing. It was smooth and easy.   

But few hours after that I got worried because I could feel it, even without touching my arm. It got sore, no one could touch me there(but it was not bad at all)!

Now after 7 months I don&#039;t feel it, it&#039;s not itching."
"I have suffered from ADHD since childhood. After trying several medications, Ritalin is the only one that continues to work for me."
"As in any tropical country , shoes are a not a comfortable item to wear. The down side of that is your feet are exposed for knocks and scrapes. I have been using an Iodine type product in the past , My doctor in Australia prescribed Bactroban as cream for my condition...It has twice the recovery healing times as iodine , Would recommend it for your first aid pack."
"It takes about 2 weeks to feel Wellbutrin kick in and about a month for it to be full effect. I am on 300 mg a day and take it in the morning only. If you take it too late it will keep you awake. I am on other med for Bipolar that cause weight gain, but this med seems to be the opposite and has actually helped me lose weight. Sometimes the med &quot;runs out&quot; in the afternoon and you can kind of feel the let down. It works great for depression and would be good if used by itself for weight loss. Would recommend using it, but you have to be patient with it."
"I&#039;ve been taking birth control for a few years now they had me on Previfem before but switched to Estarylla about a year ago saying it was the same thing I take the 0.25mgs. I suffer from manic depression, anxiety and insomnia so I never thought anything else was making it worse until just recently I thought about how the week of green pills that are non-hormonal maybe effecting my mood. The past year has been so bad for my mental and physical health due to intense fatigue, mood swings, anxiety over the smallest things and insomnia which then reacts to my body being tired and makes me restless. After reading how many reviews have the same pattern as my experience I&#039;m going to set an appt. with my OBGYN asap and hopefully find a better option"
"I started Beyaz 2 years ago, then stopped it for about a year because I didn&#039;t need it (so I thought). I wasn&#039;t in any type of serious relationship when I stopped taking it then proceeded to end up in something serious. I decided to get back on it (3-4 months ago) and I truly love this pill. This go round I take it as directed, everyday on the same hour. I&#039;ve missed one dosage and just doubled up the next day and started back my routine as directed. My periods weren&#039;t regular when I first started it, but continuing it and sticking with it and taking it as directed... they became regular. Not so heavy (sometimes have clots but I can handle that). I really recommend this pill. But take it like you&#039;re supposed to!  Also: no weight gain for me!"
"I am a 48 male in average shape however i do smoke alot and was having trouble maintaining an erection  spoke with my Dr and he gave a me sample pack of the 36 hour Cialis  took the first pill wednesday night and was good to go for the next 2 days took the 2nd pill Friday night I was having sex multiple times through Sun night.   the feeling of being ready and able to spontaneously perform multiple times over the course of several days was awesome The down side I did incurr the side effects of runny and stuffy nose as well as moderate head and muscle ache was not enough to discourage further useage my girlfriend who is 36 btw was very impressed it felt good to be young again.  I have a rx of Levitra but have yet to try it"
"Mom, 85, started using the Exelon Patch (13.9) about one year ago and it has made such a wonderful improvement in her mood, quality of life and cognitive ability.  It has given her back a life and provided the family quality time to enjoy her.  Before the patch, her memory was poor, she was agitated and continually negative, suspicious and lashing out at everyone.  Thanks to the Exelon patch, she&#039;s able to have a normal, peaceful life, without any type of side effects.  We feel very Blessed to have been told about the patch and I try to inform people with similar situations of the impact it has had on my mom."
"I had a traumatic injury to my neck and shoulders about 7 years ago and didn&#039;t have proper treatment to repair the injury, so now I have constant moderate-to-severe pain in my neck/shoulder/back. Norcos really help a lot, but, as others have said, they don&#039;t last very long. I have to take 1.5-2 10/325mg tablets every 4 hours (at the most). 

WORST SIDE EFFECT: Constipation. By far. Since my back hurts all the time, the thought of going and playing sports is intimidating to say the least, so I don&#039;t exercise nearly as much as I should (I&#039;ve gained 35 pounds since the accident and I&#039;m 28 now). 

Overall this is a great medicine and one I would recommend."
"Very good medicine. Helped me out of three days of non stop panic attacks. Went to the ER and the doctor wrote me a prescription."
"I am now more productive, NOT sleepy, and Happy! No more suicidal thoughts! I want to be involved in my family and their needs. I have been on 5 meds before Latuda, this has changed my life! I look forward to every next day."
"I GAINED 25 lbs in the 2 months I was on this pill. I also had no sex drive at all. My hubby is not liking that at all. My breast did go up and for me already being a full D was not good. I will be switching back to the ring! I hope the weight comes off fast!"
"It works fine on simple heartburns but not on complicated ones."
"I was prescribed Neurontin for anxiety and panic, but it made me a zombie.  I am now taking Lyrica and it is amazing!  No more anxiety or panic and my mood is greatly improved.  Neurontin was like whiskey hit hard and had &quot;hangover&quot;, Lyrica is like a fine wine, subtle and mellow and doesn&#039;t have the zombie effect.  DON&#039;T DRINK ALCOHOL WITH IT this was only a reference.  I am taking 75mg at night and 50 in the morning.  I also don&#039;t need the antidepressants anymore."
"I have been using this cream for over a year now and my spots have cleared, do still get the occasional one now and then but that&#039;s normal. Duac cream has reduced the darkness of my blackhead as well. I have also been noticing my skin has been quite red, so I&#039;ve laid of the cream for a while and just been using a scrub before bed to see. Overall I would recommend this to anyone, but there are side effects if you are allergic to some of the products in it. Ask your doctor for more information. Hope this helped."
"I&#039;m on my 2nd pack of Sprintec and the biggest side effect I have gotten is bad acne around my jaw line and chin, cystic acne.  I&#039;ve had to use Proactive so it wouldn&#039;t get worse. More headaches and body pain. My period was a little heavier and more painful then when I was on Minastrin 24. My period came 2 days earlier then before. I&#039;m not sure about weight gain yet but Minastrin was terrible, I gained about 15 pounds."
"this is a product that TRULY WORKS, I&#039;m 58 years young and I have a a few dark spots on my cheek. After 2 weeks, all 3 spots were lighter, after 3 weeks they are nearly not noticeable. I&#039;m on my 4th week and I couldn&#039;t love this product any more. One expensive tube will last several months and is worth every penny of it."
"I just started taking these pills on Jan. 4 2016 and I have nothing but energy after work. I am not back and forth to the vending machine. I usually stop at Wendys on my way home and ever since I took these pills I forgot Wendys was even there. I do experience dry mouth but that just keep you drinking water. Last night was probably the worst sleep I&#039;ve had in about 6 months man it was horrible. I think after this first week is over I will be used to this side effect.  So far great pill I&#039;m like never hungry I have energy I am at the gym yesterday I just did a quick cardio workout at home but I will up date you guys in about a month. Thank You"
"Been on Straterra for about a month now. Only thing I&#039;ve noticed is that it gives me heart burn. I&#039;ve also become more agitated. Has not helped with focus at all.
Still daydream. Still very forgetful. This medication really sucks for me. I know alot of Dr&#039;s hate giving stimulant drugs for ADHD but it&#039;s what helps me. I personally think if you are gonna take a non-stimulant drug you might as well take all-natural meds."
"After hearing a lot of good things about Nuvaring I&#039;ve decided to give it a try. At first I have to say I absolutely loved it. No side effects, easy to use and helped with period pain. Now I am 4 months in and I lost appetite (which all in all is not a bad thing), I have terrible mood swings and got extremely teary and depressed. I cry approx 70% of the day. I constantly feel very sad and poorly, lost my enthusiasm for life and feel worthless, hopeless. Last time I felt this way was 16 years ago when I was on the pill, I stopped it immediately after I have realised I was capable of harming myself. I&#039;ve only today stopped NR and hopefully will start feeling better soon."
"I started using Epiduo and it was working perfectly. Then one day around my eyebrows started to hurt then the next day the skin was peeling. It wasn&#039;t sunburn for sure because there was no sunshine for days. I put the lotion on it and it stung. Three days later my skin is still peeling, it hurts when I touch it, and my acne is back."
"I have been on Qsymia for about 2 weeks on the low dose 3.75. I was a little nervous about taking this after reading the reviews but so far I haven&#039;t had very many side effects. Just had problems sleeping a little other than that everything was fine. I&#039;m not sure if I lost anything I haven&#039;t weighed myself yet. I start my higher dosage tomorrow and will update everyone next week."
"2.5 mg Abilify and 50 mg Sertraline are magic combinations for my depression.
other SSRI and monotherapy of Sertraline don&#039;t work but my psychiatrist adds 2.5 mg Abilify and now I can smile again!"
"I was prescribed Sertraline by my doctor as I am suffering situational depression. I am on day 4 (4th tablet). I don&rsquo;t feel any different - I was told 4-6 weeks it takes to feel any different. The side affects are awful but manageable. The worse bit is feeling sick, nausea. The only way to describe it is similar to hunger pain, your stomach constantly churns and it feels very uncomfortable, this has put me off a lot to continue. I feel like it&rsquo;s all I can concentrate on. I decided that taking it before bed was best as my stomach was affecting my work. I also found that it gives you head aches &amp; feeling zombie like. Very sleepy and tired... so I&rsquo;ve spent most of the week yawning at work. I haven&rsquo;t had any further symptoms yet."
"I was put on this birth control to prevent ovarian cysts, as my last one wasn&#039;t effective resulting in my ovary twisting. In the beginning I felt the same but suddenly began having extreme nausea. Ive been nauseous for about 4 days and it just has not let up. The pill also has been affecting my appetite immensely resulting in weight loss, which I&#039;m not complaining about. So far I&#039;ve had no issues with ovarian cysts, but it is early."
"I found the easiest way to take this medication and I wish I figured it out sooner. 
Freeze the solution until it&#039;s a slushy, add crystal light flavoring and eat with a spoon. I went from a glass with ice and iced tea mix with a straw and it took me over 4 hours to drink 8oz to downing 8oz in 20 minutes as a slushy. I found it best to not get anything lemon flavored because you will become sick of that flavor quickly because the solution is a strong lemon flavor. The evacuation was not pleasant but not terrible. I spent short frequent moments on the toilet. The dr says you can actually take as long as you want to drink it, as long as you finish the solution before x amount of time before procedure. drink lots of Gatorade day of."
"Azor has brought my pressure down to 120/80."
"The best sleep and no side effects"
"I don&#039;t recommend this birth control to anyone.  Ever since I got it in, it has been a non-stop emotional roller coaster, my mood swings are out of control. Also no sex drive, no energy and weight gain.  But the worst part is I tend to have 2 or more periods in a month. Started my period,  after 7 days it stopped, two days later I am bleeding heavy again,  was on my period for another 9 days.  One time I heavily bled for 20 days straight. I&#039;m getting this taken out."
"This is the 1st BC pill I&#039;ve ever taken. I&#039;m 43, was having heavy periods &amp; horrible pelvic pain (sleeping with a heating pad between my legs).  Gyno said this is safest level of hormones and it would help with my periods/pelvic pain.  Started taking April 2017.  That month had period on white pill days.  No cramps &amp; a little lighter than my periods usually are.  May was pack 2 and white pills came, brown pills and no period. 2nd week of June mid pack and I started spotting Sunday - was heavier by Monday but no cramps.  Called GYNO office to inquire and was told that it may take 3-4 months for my body to get used to pills.  I&#039;ve been bleeding lightly when I wipe for about 6 days now.   I&#039;m hoping the bleeding doesn&#039;t worsen."
"Took Moviprep for my 50 year colonoscopy screening. I&#039;m sorry many people have had such a hard time with it, but for myself, that just wasn&#039;t the case.
Yes, the prep tastes fairly gross: like thick flat 7up with salt in it....followed by a weird melon-cucumber aftertaste. I chilled it, and when it was time to drink an 8 oz portion, I just gulped it down. The only time it was almost too much was on dose 8 in the AM. Following that with 16 oz of water was almost too much to bear, and it made me nauseous.
It took almost an hour for the prep to get going, but there was only some rumbling and no cramping. The night before doses got the movements fairly clear, but it took the morning dose to really clean things up. The diarrhea wasn&#039;t that bad."
"I started having menstrual migraines monthly in my mid-thirties.  They had gotten to the point of lasting upwards of 18 hours with uncontrollable vomiting and moderate pain for a day or two before and after the migraine.  I  started taking Treximet and an anti-nausua medicine which did work when the migraine started but was still living my life around avoiding triggers.  I also developed mild hypertension during these years.  My dr. prescribed 2.5mg amlopine and the migraines decreased in intensity.  He upped dosage over time to control the hypertension and my migraine intensity decreased proportionally each time.  By the time I got to 10mg, the migraines were gone.  I still get a little headachy each month, but it&#039;s just that, a mild headache."
"I was having frequent migraines to the point where it was making me hate life and cry all the time. I was scared to take it but it worked within two minutes. If you are scared and feel hopeless try this medication it will literally save you from the drowning that migraines can make you feel. Its the only medication I can say that is truly magic."
"I&#039;ve lost 15 lbs since getting the Skyla 9 months ago (now 115 lbs at 5&#039;5&quot;). This is not normal for my body and I will likely get the Skyla out so that I can hopefully gain the weight back and feel like I&#039;m in my own body again. I know most people gain weight if they have any weight changes with an IUD, but my friend also lost weight when she was already very thin after getting the Skyla so I know I&#039;m not the only one. Also get more painful cramping during PMS and the first couple days of my period. Have some occasional mood issues like anxiety but that could easily be chalked up to life stuff. Insertion was pretty painful but not unbearable. Had cramping for 20 days until I got my first period after insertion."
"I started Singulair 10 weeks ago. Since taking I have absolutely no wheezing and feel great. I have been very ill with asthma for the past 12 mths where I have been unable to come off prednisolone &amp; notice almost straight away when coming off it. I have been able to walk without getting out of breath for the first time in years. I must say my specialist has also at the same time started me on Xovial spray and will ween me off that in a week to see if it is the Singulair making me well!"
"An emergency room doctor prescribed Lomotil for some severe diarrhea that I had been experiencing for days.  Was very dehydrated.  They gave me one orally while I was in the E.R., and my diarrhea stopped so quickly that I was unable to provide them with a stool sample. Lomotil is unreal. It works so incredibly quickly to calm the spasming intestines -- I&#039;m talking a matter of a couple of minutes! "
"I have been taking this for 3 months. My doctor said I could take it and skip the last row of pills in the 1st 2 packs so that I will only have a period every 3 months. I can tell you that has not been the case. I have been spotting irregularly ever since I started taking it. Sometimes it&#039;s for 3-4 day sometimes it seems like it is for 2-3 weeks on and off. Sometimes it&#039;s heavier than normal. I am asking to be changed to something else."
"I was having horrible anxiety attacks, panic attacks and was border line manic. I was going through a lot of stress and hit my limit. My family urged me to see a Dr who started me on 2.5 lexapro for a week then up to 5 mg the week after. I stayed on 5 mg for 1 month seeing improvements. Eventually I decided to bump up to 7.5 which I&#039;m currently on . I still get anxiety but I am able to feel in control.  I don&#039;t have attacks anymore. I&#039;m sleeping better and eating again. Side effects only lasted the first month . I got really tired 20 min after taking it , drowsy, night sweats. Make sure to take it with a snack, I find it hits the stomach like a rock. Over all has given me my life back. And I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m on medication."
"This medication has worked well for me in terms of controlling my anxiety and fear of having a panic attack.  However the side effects I have had to endure are not so pleasant.  I&#039;m always tired and can sleep all day long.  As well, I have gained weight on this medication and trying to lose it is very hard.  It&#039;s like my metabolism has stopped working. I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about 3 years now and considering weening off to try something else."
"I had sinus congestion often while growing up.  This continued even as an adult.  In the late 80&#039;s I tried Drixoral.  My sinus congestion was cleared for at least 6 months and rarely needed Drixoral only once or twice a year when I got sick.  I considered it a cure.  I found out a couple years ago about them discontinuing it as I haven&#039;t needed it for a couple years.  I do believe it was a cure (for me at least). "
"Outstanding!"
"This was my first stone, so I really have nothing to compare my experience to.  But leading up to my first dose of Flomax, I had strong &quot;discomfort&quot; associated with my stone, and never the excruciating pain others have experienced.  The stone was in my ureter already by time I started flomax, and I passed it painlessly after less than 2 weeks of taking the medication.  It was a 5mm stone, which my doctor said I had a 50/50 chance of passing on my own.  I&#039;m not sure if it was the medication, or just luck that got this to pass so smoothly.  But I&#039;m giving this a positive review anyway."
"Had kidneys stone. Took pain meds for it. Got super nauseous at night. Took zofran, and within 10 minutes I was not nauseated at all. Amazing medicine."
"I&#039;ve been stepping up and up since I was diagnosed with asthma. First it was just Ventolin, then we added Clenil Modulite, then Seretide 50/25 at Christmas, up to Seretide 125/25 a few weeks later, adding in Avamys nasal spray for hayfever and Acrivastine for hayfever and Type 1 latex allergy, then finally adding on Montelukast.

Sadly, unlike some of the other people on here, I haven&#039;t been able to get down to just Montelukast. However, I&#039;d say it&#039;s a miracle pill! I play ice hockey and overnight I went from tight chest and coughing and wheezing after hockey (I have CVA so wheezing is weird) to being totally fine. I still struggle if I max out, so I have to change out regularly but I play forward so that&#039;s easy enough. 

It&#039;s just great!!!"
"I was placed on Cymbalta for chronic pain as a result from injuries sustained in a head on car accident right before my 19th birthday that also caused 2 very rare recessive gene&#039;s to activate (hemiplegic migraines (neurological migraines) and Raynauds disease (circulation disorder) in my lower leg&#039;s and feet). At first the pain control was unbelievable. However, 2-3 months into my treatment I began having psychological repercussions where I felt like all my emotions were trapped inside my head. Although I felt angry, sad, happy, etc, I was unable to exhibit those emotions. Cymbalta was discontinued. My head injury was suspected to be the issue as to why I had the adverse reactions I did because my brain didn&#039;t function or process normally."
"Nexplanon is a wonderful bc for preventing pregnancy. I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for over 2 yrs now and I&#039;m ready to get it out. Insertion was a breeze. I got my first period 2mo after insertion and that lasted for 7mo straight. Then I had no period for 8mo. During that time, my mood was really off and I was so irritable. I gained weight, I didn&#039;t change my eating or exercise habits so I know it wasn&#039;t my lifestyle that did it. My sex drive dipped for a long time and it only finally started to come back recently. Everybody&#039;s body will react differently. I would recommend though because it&#039;s so effective. I&#039;m just tired of the side effects and want to go back to normal."
"I bought the 7-day Monistat cream in hopes of helping it relieve my unbearable itchiness. As soon as I pushed the cream up with the applicator, it BURNED. I waddled over to the computer, typed in &quot;MONISTAT BURNS&quot; (emphasis on the caps because it hurt so bad) and this is one of the first sites that came up. I don&#039;t normally write reviews but I had to write one because this stuff was so bad.

I&#039;ve never felt a more unbearable pain, I was practically crying. I waddled downstairs, popped a couple Ibuprofen, then sat in a bath for maybe 10 minutes. It&#039;s pretty much all out but it still hurts a little. Not so bad that I won&#039;t be able to sleep, but wow."
"I&#039;m 24 years old; I&#039;ve had the Mirena for 2 1/2 years now. I&#039;ve been getting migraines and horrible headaches since I was 17. Having the Mirena hasn&#039;t helped my headaches, but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s made them worst either. I am happy with the way I don&#039;t and haven&#039;t had a period since the insertion and my cramps are nothing like the ones I got during every period. There is no burning up, cold sweats, or nausea. I have had strange tight cramping when the weather gets colder that lasts a couple of minutes to an hour and lower back pain with every cramp. I also can&#039;t find the wires every month, but find them some of the time. My sex drive has increased and my partner can&#039;t feel the wires during. Overall I&#039;m pleased with the Mirena."
"I took invokana for 9 months after being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes last December. I also changed my eating habits, no junk ,no fried foods, no soda, no sweets and low carb. I lost 47 pounds not sure how much the invokana helped with that .  I did get a wicked yeast infection that never went away .  After researching invokana and realizing how bad some of the side effects can be (kidney cancer or kidney failure), I asked Dr to take me off it, he did as long as I&#039;m keeping blood sugar down in normal range . It&#039;s been 3 months and so far I&#039;m controlling it with diet and exercise. I test my own blood sugar every day and its in normal range. I&#039;d rather do it this way as long as I can. Invokana wasn&#039;t worth the risk, rather try metformin."
"originally on seroxat (paxil) for 17 years. felt so good on 20mg that after having my child I thought I would come off it as thinking of having second baby. I was put on prozac to help with withdrawal.  after 4 months on prozac I was an absolute mess so Dr put me on effexor. I&#039;ve been on this now for 6 months. I cry literally every day. it has created obsessional and horrible thoughts, I am constantly tired.  I have anxiety and panic. I feel it has actually created new symptoms that I never had. I do not like this drug and am coming off it as soon as I get an appointment with the psychiatrist"
"I&#039;ve been taking low dose .5mg xanax for a few years for social anxiety and occasional panic attacks. It&#039;s excellent. I take it as needed, which I like, it lets me feel more in control. I rarely take a full dose. It&#039;s very effective even in a lower dose. It just lets me keep anxiety under control so I can function well. I never notice any major fogginess or anything with it either unlike other benzos I&#039;ve taken like ativan. Just in moderation. A little goes a long way. Absolutely great medication for anxiety and occasional severe panic attacks. It has completely helped me build my confidence up and get my life back!"
"I lost my wife to cancer three years ago. Recently I have found a new partner, who is even more interested in sex than myself. I am 80 years old and my partner 82. I have found it increasingly difficult to get an erection and when one does occur difficult to retain. I have scoured the net for an answer to my problem, trying numerous products with no success. But at last Cialis has answered our prayers. I take Cialis 10mg and the effect lasts for at least 36 hours. Rock hard erections that last as long as required, I feel like a &quot;real man&quot; once again. My partner and I are a pair of very, very happy &quot;golden oldies&quot;."
"I am 58, married father of 2.  I had a major crash about a month ago.  Got addicted to gambling and finally told my wife, then the crash.  I have always had some anxiety throughout my life.  Nothing like this.  Been on it for 4 days, tired and sleep is so so.  My hope is that given more time I will see more benefits.  Right now it&#039;s a struggle to see getting better and tough for my son to see his Dad suffering. Dr says 1-2 weeks to see full benefits.

"
"10-20mg prescription for sleep. Took it once, felt nothing after an hour (10mg), took 10 mg more which did the trick. Next thing I was waking up wearing one sock (half way) and nothing else except underpants, shivering: aha! It had been the cold that woke me. Blankets damp. Checking sheets and mattress - relieved to find them dry. At the time I lived in a big house with 5 other college students.  I threw on some sweats and found them all gathered waiting for me.I soon learned that I had carried on like a mad man the night before:  verbally harassing my house mates before emerging from the bathroom with a water logged roll of toilet paper which I wielded like a sword. It seemed to do the trick.  I was kicked out of my house.

*( 1 = 3 total)"
"Suffering from chronic Cluster headaches sent me into a deep depression with suicidal thoughts. Since taking Cymbalta my life has nearly returned to normal, no suicidal thoughts at all!  As noted in other reviews, I also have the night sweats and profuse sweating doing minimal exercise."
"Stick it out. I was so hesitant to explore perscription medication, instead of the more natural methods. Eventually when I couldn&#039;t take it anymore I began Zoloft. The first month I was taking 50mg, and was slowly upped to 100mg. The side effects I experienced were really terrible- increased anxiety for a few weeks... and I crapped my pants... but I promise, it was worth it. Now I&#039;m 6 months on Zoloft and I don&#039;t suffer from social anxiety at nearly the same level as before. I feel much more confident speaking in front of groups and just being myself. I also feel less depressed. I think that people often experience the terrible side effects and give up on the drug, but if you&#039;re willing to suffer through, sertraline may really help you."
"I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon for 2 years. I had my period for a couple months and then nothing since. No cramping or spotting. I do have close to zero libido which I actually don&#039;t mind but obviously may be an issue for others.  Overall I&#039;m satisfied with it."
"I have always had horrible morning sickness. This time around I am pregnant with twins and it was much worse. I started the medication and it stopped the ache of nausea all the time! The bad is it did stop the nausea but I had no signs when I was going to throw up. So you randomly throw up without knowing your stomach is upset..not fun at All. The bad thing is with the co-pay with my insurance was $160, so very pricy but worth it."
"Bn on-NuvaRng-MiniPill-OrthoEvra&amp;Xulanepatch-Currently on wk2 of 2ndShotDepo here we go:- Depo better than the Nuva Ring, Mini Pill, Patch because nothing to worry about other than the appt for the shot every 3 months,great for busy women.- Depo doesnt require you to wear something like a ring, patch or implant.- Thumb up4 the ring but we have furry dog &amp; hair would end up tangled around in the ring when id remove yes thats super gross.-on mini pill while breast feeding my kid, overall i didn&#039;t enjoy the lack of estrogen. See depo review.-Patch was itchy, sad when Xulane was intro&#039;d, but i adapted. Then I had a migraine/aura that sent me to ER so Depo was chosen so I have no sex drive and my discharge is thick clumpy during intercourse. I miss patch"
"Oh my god.  My girl bits are on fire! Who ever approved this stuff through the FDA must have been a man.  No way would a woman allow this to be used on another woman,  unless maybe she had stolen her man or informed their knitting circle about the FDA employee having some crazy kink. 
Needless to say,  I am praying to every higher power known to man ( or woman) that I get some sleep despite the fire and that it&#039;s kills the YI!"
"I was on a dose of 20 mg of prednisone daily and have been able to stop taking any oral steroids since I started Omnaris.  I have had no side effects.  It is wonderful. It helps my runny and stuffy nose symptoms. "
"I was put on Fanapt for my Bipolar a little over a year ago.  I also take other medicines, but this one really did the trick for me and got me on track.  I do struggle with the drowsiness and take it early in the evening in order to get up the next morning... but it is worth it to me."
"I took Flagyl for BV after my treatment I had a raging YI. I usually always use the 1 day because I&#039;m inpatient and I usually get warm feeling but this time I&#039;m full fledged burning!!!! Do not use the cream that comes in the box that only makes it worse! Those cool wipes they give you USE THEM and it will take it from a 10 to an 8 and slowly decrease. I brought the product because the other times I&#039;ve used it it always worked. I usually do a diflucan from the doctor but of course it&#039;s the weekend and I couldn&#039;t wait any longer. But yes ladies if you use this product it will feel like you fell off your bike and scraped your knee but that inconsolable pain isn&#039;t your knee it is in your vagina. But it works."
"I went on this birth  control about 2 years ago and gradually gained about 20 pounds over the span of 4-6 months.  No matter what I did, I could not lose it.  My appetite had increased a lot and despite my efforts at the gym, I could not manage to get below 150 pounds.  I went off it a month ago and I have already lost 8 pounds and my appetite has gone back to normal. 

I never had my period at all on this pill and I never experienced mood swings due to this pill.  It reduced my breakouts, and it completely got rid of my cramping. I would not go on this pill again because of the weight gain but aside from that, it did what it was supposed to do. :)"
"I was on seroquel for quite some time and really liked it, but I didn&#039;t appreciate the small weight gain or my lack of desire to wake up in the morning. However, it stabilized my mood and gave me the best sleep of my life. My Dr suggested latuda, which I&#039;ve been taking for about 5 months now at 60 mg. Latuda is also great at stabilizing my mood and no weight gain, but it makes me terribly sick. I&#039;m very nauseous even when I have food in my stomach-sometimes to the point I&#039;m sure I&#039;m going to vomit. It even makes my teeth hurt initially. I want to love this medication as it is truly helpful in mood stabilization, but the induced sickness every time I take it is getting old."
"Thank you so much, ladies, this thread practically saved me last night.  I haven&#039;t used it the product before and did not know what to expect. I used it yesterday before going to bed. Omg, it was itching and burning so badly that I could not sleep!!! I can&#039;t even imagine what is happening when it is 1 or 3 day treatment?! After 20 minutes of rolling and jumping I started reading reviews, and I was shocked to see how many women experienced the same! So, it made me feel a little better and after an hour of hugging an ice pack I passed out. Half of the next day I still felt some burning, not that intense, but i decided not to use Monistat again just for my own sake. Got Clotrimazole today - no itching and any discomfort!"
"My experience is the product works extremely quickly. If you have been taking opioids for an extended period of time and take this product, you will have multiple bowel movements approx an hour after the first dose. I also suspect this fast acting medicine wains after a few hours. More information should be given, specifically if cutting the 25mg tablet in half is an acceptable procedure for &quot;reducing&quot; the dosage to 12.5mg. Finally, I noticed my urine developed an offensive odor after starting Movantik, not sure if anyone else experienced this..."
"I had sex with my boyfriend maybe a week after my period ended. He didn&#039;t ejaculate in me, but The condom broke. I&#039;m 18 and he&#039;s 17 and neither one of us  drives. Meaning, We had no way to get the pill the first day we had sex, so I ended taking the pill 2 days later. I was scared that it wasn&#039;t going to work since I had taken it so late, but I was wrong. Since I had a long time til my next period,  that made it even worse. I was having slight stomach cramps, dizziness, nausea , and one day I slept all day and was still tired when I woke up. By this time I was almost positive I was pregnant, but I came on my period a week early it started out with light bleeding like implantation bleeding But then gradually got heavier. Praise the lord."
"I have been taking this drug for a few weeks now. I posted before this drug was a miracle after severe eye issues including blindness/corneal transplant. This drug is really working well. One of the side effects for me is its curbing my food cravings . I know it sound crazy  but I have lost 7 pounds in two weeks. There is a slight burning in my throat and it slightly numbs my taste buds for few hours. I had lapband surgery and lost 60 pounds but was stuck between 250-260 for last two years. I started taking these drops and I&#039;m suddenly starting to lose and I just have absolutely no cravings for sugar or sweets. At first I didn&#039;t even think it could  possibly be these eye drops but I have no other logical explanation."
"In mid June 2015, I started leaning up my diet. I have PCOS and have been very overweight since I was a young adult, over 100lbs. So fast forward to June 2015, I&#039;m now 38. I weighed 284lbs. Holy God! I&#039;m only 5ft tall! 
 I started the Ketogenic or Ketosis diet. High fat, low carb= zero results. Then in August I saw the doc &amp; started on Contrave 8/22/15. I lost 10lbs the 1st. Month. Sept-Oct was only 5lbs. It&#039;s gradual but w/PCOS, it&#039;s next to impossible. I use Scale Down. It can make you anxious weighing. My doc&#039;s big picture, even 5lbs/mo. is still a loss. There are long plateaus &amp; weight gainin some days, but then you lose a couple lbs &amp; it does work. I haven&#039;t had pasta/bread/soda/rice/chips/cookies/candy since June, no more addiction."
"Effectiveness decreases after a certain amount of time of usage."
"This medicine saved my life.  After many years, I have the confidence to go on a date now."
"Norco has been a Godsend for me.  I have a fractured spine. When my injury was first diagnosed, I was put on Dilaudid.  I hated the feeling it gave me (e.g. dizziness; feeling hyper) Norco has been 100 times better and I have been on this medication since 2008.  "
"After much trial an error with other medications I am pleased to find that Seroquel XR really helps.  I take 500 mg per day. Started at 200 but worked my way up until I felt better.

Wish I had discovered this years ago."
"My doctor prescribed spironolactone 50mg with aczone and I am so happy! Its been almost a month and my skin is so smooth! I had cystic acne around my cheeks, jaw line and chin area. My skin is very very oily with big pores but now its all cleared up, my pores are extremely smaller and less oil...I&#039;m a happy camper."
"I been on NuvaRing for 6 months and just recently I been feeling really depressed, crying for no reason, and accusing my boyfriend of cheating. I&#039;m just been really moody and not really want to do anything.  Could it be a mood reaction from it ? I need help so I could switch to a new birth control. It only happens 1 week before I have to take out the Nuvaring and when it&#039;s out that whole week I just become a disaster."
"I started in July. I was eating healthy but wasn&#039;t working out. The one week I started working out I lost 8pounds and no I don&#039;t take them every day. But working out is a plus. My goal is 175lbs, I am 240lbs, after a baby."
"I&#039;ve had hepatitis C for more than 15 years as a result of intravenous drug use. I started taking epclusa on Saturday I&#039;ll be on it for 12 weeks and so far I have had almost no side effects and I feel actually better on the medication than I did before so I will keep you updated on how the rest of the treatment goes."
"Just got out of procedure for upper endoscopy and colonoscopy. Was very nervous about the anesthesia, which I&#039;d never had before, but it was totally fine. No arm burning like some people have mentioned. I was out in 5 seconds, next thing I knew was waking up in recovery with my husband next to me. Though I felt mentally alert fairly quickly, it did take me a little while to feel steady on my feet. But all in all, I feel great and would not dread this procedure again. So to anyone putting it off: get over it, it&#039;s a piece of cake. Even the prep wasn&#039;t as awful as people make it out to be. Think about what people had to endure in the &quot;old&quot; days, like 100 years ago...this procedure could save your life and it really is no biggie."
"After one year on Truvada in combination with Prezista and Norvir - the only listed side effect I may be suffering from is insomnia - and I think that has more to do with other factors than with Truvada (I take it at Noon).  After hearing about possible side effects with HIV medicines- it is a pleasant surprise!"
"I have suffered from papulopustular rosacea for years. I was initially prescribed Met gel, which cleared it up, but it came back worse than ever. Using Met gel only dried my skin and made it worse. I bought Soolantra out of desperation and it has worked a treat. Have been using it for two weeks once at night and I currently have no white heads! My skin is also so smooth and clear now. It does get worse before it gets better, but this may be because it&#039;s killing all the Dermodex mites and their life cycle including eggs is 3 weeks."
"Good but soreness in Achilles tendon"
"Taking 10mg of Zyprexa for lst month. Has calmed me but weight gain and night sweats are the downsides."
"I have had rheumatoid arthritis for 11 years and have been taking 400 mg a day. It is now causing skin discoloration in my lower shin now grayish back. I will be going off this. Have had no eye problems while taking this medicine."
"This is my third month using Cyclessa and I&#039;m very happy with it.  I used to have periods that lasted a week to a week and a half and more than once a month.  Now my periods start on maybe a Thursday or Friday and it ends that Sunday.  Before, my periods were real heavy, like unbearable and now I hardly know they&#039;re there.  I don&#039;t know about the acne part, I haven&#039;t noticed a bad or good change, it&#039;s pretty much the same.  Also, I&#039;m not pregnant so this is good.

Cyclessa seems like a pretty reliable pill so far, I would recommend it."
"I was put on celexa for anixety and depression. I took it for the first time last night then woke up at 10am with the worst nausa of my life. i thought i was goingto vomit. I also couldnt stop shaking but i wasnt cold. My whole body also felt like it was on fire and burning. the worst was my feet, hands and ears. My feet was so bad i couldnt feel them. so not taking this med anymore."
"I have very mixed feelings about this pill. 

On one hand... 

The pros: 
- No more 7 day, murder scene-like periods. Now they&#039;re just 3 or 4 days. 
- Clearer skin
- Less suicidal tendencies
- Higher libido. Mind you, it wasn&#039;t low beforehand either. 

However...

The cons: 
- As most of the other commentors have mentioned, weight gain. It&#039;s month 9 and I&#039;m pretty sure that I&#039;ve gained 15-17lbs. 
- More prone to crying
- Cramps. I didn&#039;t have those pre-this-BC. Not a fan.
- Increased cravings for weird stuff. Like crushed ice and gaucemole, although that may just be my anemia...
- Higher libido. This is a two way street. Now that I&#039;m in college and attempting to date, I can&#039;t afford to be this horny. Luckily, I have self control. 
- Moods"
"When I was on it the first year no problems.Now
Pros-don&#039;t get pregnant
          Easy to use
          Cheap
          Good sex drive
Cons- Bad cramps
           Heavy bleeding/longer 8 day period
           Makes my arms numb
           Makes my shoulder blades hurt
           Night sweats/chills at 2am every night(soaking wet sweat) 
           Also swelling at night. 
I use to love it but now I&#039;m worried about my health. I&#039;m only 21years old."
"I tend to get blisters on or very close to my lips which is embarrassing and impossible to hide. Lysine hasn&#039;t helped to quell my Herpes Simplex-1, albeit it is surprisingly effective at decreasing the size and aggressiveness of the blisters. I&#039;ve tried utilizing a daily dosage of ~1000mg everyday annually for three years paired with o-t-c medications(abreva,lysine creams) applied asap after noticing the dreaded tingle. I still managed to get seven to ten outbreaks annually which was the same as before starting daily use. Therefore I only take heavy doses(2-3000mg daily) when I may be lacking sleep, sick, stressed or going to be in the sun for a while. Usually about a week before a possible out break and continue until it&#039;s healed."
"My last period began Oct 26-30. However, I got really drunk on October 31. I don&#039;t know if I had intercourse with a guy (I don&#039;t have a good recall of that night). So I became extremely paranoid and took Ellaone on November 1st (within 12-14 hours) 

I remember that I started to have thick white discharge in the beginning (how I wish I could have written what I was experiencing the first two weeks of November). But from November 16 to November 18, I started to feel pain in my pelvis and my lower back kept hurting. 

By Nov 19, I started to have more lower back pain and light brown discharge. On Nov 20-26, I&#039;ve been spotting. Some days were of brown or red or light red blood. I don&#039;t think it is my period. Why am I still spotting?"
"I took 200mg 1 per day, for osteoarthritis in my hands. The pain relief was amazing. I could sleep through the night, and wake rested, and was thrilled to have nearly pain free use of my hands. After 1 week I began to develop an irregular heartbeat. First day, it wasn&#039;t too noticeable, and I was able to ignore the feeling. The irregularity increased, that night it was difficult to sleep. Next day I spoke to the doctor who did an EKG. He said I was having  Premature Ventricular Contractions (PVC). He advised I stop taking the Celebrex immediately. It took 4 days for the PVCs to subside. After waiting 2 weeks, I tried taking Celebrex again. After 3 days, the PVCs returned. Stopped the medicine, PVCs stopped. "
"I have not had any of the side effects that I&#039;ve been seeing others report. I do find that I have to take a Benadryl at night but then I do have allergies anyway. I am currently trying to seek out information on which one of my 5 blood pressure medicines are now causing extreme leg cramps.  I don&#039;t think it is this one."
"I started phentermine on Monday Nov 3rd my weight was 189.5 as of this morning Nov 5th I am down to 185.2 and I only take half a pill around 4:40 am the only side effect I have is dry mouth that turns to nonstop water drinking and off course going to pee every 15 min but other than that I&rsquo;m loving it. I also am changing my eating habits no fast food nor soda or caffeine."
"i&#039;m 33 and as a result from taking medication for ADD for over 10 years, i&#039;ve been unable to produce a regular bowel movement on my own/without having taking my ADD medication (Adderall). i finally decided to do the right thing for my health after my daughter was born. after seeing a local GI doctor, he recommended i get further testing to really determine my exact issue. unfortunately, seeing a specialist is rather costly &amp; so, in the interim, i was prescribed Linzess. it&#039;s the first and ONLY thing that&#039;s consistently worked for me with minimal size effects. i do have hardcore diarrhea for an hour or so but it&#039;s far better than not EVER going to the bathroom at all. my breasts also seemed to be larger since taking this medication."
"I have been taking Buspar 10mg 3 times a day for the past 3 months for anxiety and panic attacks. I think for the most part my panic attacks have subsided but still experience a bit of anxiety and increased blood pressure. I do take Xanax 0.25mg from time to time if my anxiety gets too bad or too stressed. I do notice I feel slightly lethargic and run down most of the time while I have been on this. Also after each dose I get some dizziness about 45 minutes afterwards which lasts for about 45 minutes or an hour. I used to have a spark to me before taking it, but I guess I&#039;ll take the good with the bad for the time being."
"I was actually on Lupron Depot for 18 months.  My periods stopped within a week and my pain was gone within the first month.  I almost didn&#039;t go on it because of the horror stories I read online, but I&#039;m glad I did.  My skin broke out more than normal, but nothing a little makeup couldn&#039;t hide.  The hot flashes were intense at first, but slowly started to subside.  After six months they completely stopped.  I also fully understand night sweats.  The side effects were well worth it to me since I no longer have cramps that hurt so bad I pass out.  I am also enjoying being period free after never having a regular cycle and being anemic the better part of my life."
"I&#039;ve been taking Xyrem for about 6 yrs at 4.5gms 2 x a night. My doctor said I had the worst case of Cataplexy he&#039;d seen in his career! Xyrem with 40mgs of Desoxyn and 150mgs of Effexor during the day I have a life again! I still have to nap about midday and I still won&#039;t chance a comedy club (the Cataplexy still sneaks in once in a while) but I hope to some day. I found out the hard way to make sure you don&#039;t drink anything before taking because you will NOT wake up to pee until the dose wears off! A small price to pay when I consider what it was like before Xyrem. "
"Suprep definitely cleared me out; however, this was the worst experience I have ever had with colonoscopy prep. To start, this concoction tastes HORRIBLE. It was like a mouthful of grape flavored salt water. Each dose was 16 oz of pure hell. Secondly, this cleanser gave me chills and nausea. I will NEVER be using this prep again."
"Side effects include sleepiness, dizziness, depression (oddly enough) blurred vision"
"I had a gallbladder removal in August 2011 and my weight shot up to 13.4 stones. I have been on these tablets for 3 weeks now and I have lost a staggering 9 pounds. My GP prescribed them to me on a trial basis to see if these would work and yes they have. I have my first weigh in next Tuesday so I&#039;m happy to go back and tell him I&#039;ve lost weight and hopefully he will prescribe me some more.
I do often get side effects but nothing that I can&#039;t handle but it has made me more aware of the foods I should be eating. Exercising. Never did that before and now I do. I do 10 minutes on my Vibro plate am and pm, 20 sit ups am and pm and 10 mins on rowing machine. I also walk from the bus stop to work and back."
"I am on Nuvigil now and have been for several months. I take the 250mg tabs. Before Nuvigil, I took Provigil for over a year and my doctor told me that Nuvigil was a new refined version of Provigil. They work great for a while, then your body gets used to it; I will go a day or two without it and it seems to work better that way. My insurance did not want to pay for Provigil, so my doctor wrote a letter that it was imperative for my quality of life, so they started paying. When I switched to Nuvigil, nothing was ever said about it. It does make me more alert, but I can still lay down and take a nap while taking it. It is sure better than nothing, Or I would be in bed 24/7 as before."
"This medicine started to wear off I think due to too many negatives over 1 month time and I was upped on my dosage from 20mg x2 daily to 40mg x2 daily 8 days ago for thoughts not right and anxiety plus depression. Everything is starting to lift finally and feeling great and happy. It was really tough 8 days so far with very LOW LOWS and I&#039;m BEYOND happy with it. LIFE SAVER INDEED."
"I am a 32 year old male, and have been experiencing some pretty scary health issues. About 8 months ago my hair started falling out in random patches, and I have lost pounds in the same time. I was schedules for a colonoscopy and endoscopy. Yesterday I checked in for that. I am a super nervous person. Have been diagnosed with severe panic disorder caused by anxiety. I have always feared general anesthesia as I have some sleep apnea issues. Could not believe how quickly I went out and then was in the recover area with a juice box! No more worries about this drug again. Also had a runny nose and slight eye irritation.  It surprises me that none of you would know that its from the oxygen in your nose though? Obviously."
"Just finishing my first pack with this medication and I have to say, it&#039;s working great for me. I&#039;m 20 years old and this was my first time on a hormonal birth control. I chose to get on it for birth control, to help acne, and to regulate my period. Needless to say, I was scared to try it and was worried about side effects. My first week was probably the hardest. I bled for the first 2 days pretty heavy then it stopped. I had nausea on and off for the first week and a half or so, sometimes lasting all day. I could tell my body was a little thrown off but it subsided by week two. Since then, its been smooth sailing and I feel adjusted and perfectly myself on it. Nothing but a good experience for me so far!"
"This was the WORST product I have ever used!  Within an hour of using Monistat 1, I had severe itching and burning.  I was frantic to get it out and resorted to a vinegar wash and a few warm water washes.  I&rsquo;ve probably now just given myself a bacterial infection on top of everything else, but the itching and pain were SEVERE!!!  I would never recommend this product for anyone.  STAY AWAY!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been of risperidone for about 2-3 years and now I have a prolactinoma. It could be a coincidence -- although I know risperidone is notorious for causing high prolactin. As for any other side effects, I didn&#039;t experience any. I&#039;m having a hard time getting off of this medication now that the doctor told me to stop taking it, because I can&#039;t sleep without it."
"I ended up reading all these reviews because just like most me and my boy slipped up and had unprotected sex and I took the pill 30 minutes after and I usually don&#039;t keep up with my periods because I&#039;m not active so I was trying to remember if I had one this month and I usually start around the 26th of each month and it wasn&#039;t showing up. Here I am, nervous as crap because I was having symptoms such as lower back pain/lower stomach feeling (crampy feeling) and peeing clear but spotting brownish/red(old blood) and and this morning it&#039;s my period April 30th. I&#039;ve never been so happy for my period ever."
"I have had restless leg syndrome all my life. I can remember when I was about 5 or 6 telling my mom my feet tickle...didn&#039;t know how else to explain it at that age. Today I am 39 yrs old and am only alive because of Mirapex. My RLS has become so severe that without this medication I would not sleep. One time I was without my medication and was up for 3 days straight. Ended up in the emergency room many times when I didn&#039;t have any medication just to get some form of relief. I currently take Mirapex 1mg at night, but sometimes will have to take a half during the day. My RLS will bother me mid afternoon at times and when it&#039;s really bad will go into my hands and forearms. I am eternally grateful for Mirapex despite the side effects of nausea, tired and weak."
"I had the biggest pregnancy scare of my life. I had sex with someone I had just met, about 2 weeks ago (the day before I was due to start my period, so I didn&#039;t think anything was wrong). The didn&#039;t ejaculate in me, but I had read enough forums of &quot;pre-cum pregnancies&quot; to be afraid. I took Next Choice One Dose the following day (about 48 hours after sex), and no side effects until 3 days after taking it, which, then I had nausea, no vomiting. In these last two weeks, I was getting freaked out because my period didn&#039;t come. Woke up this morning, though, and it&#039;s here! Don&#039;t be afraid, don&#039;t google anything. Just take this and remain calm. You&#039;ll be okay!"
"So I decided skyla was the option for me because I recently got diagnosed with bipolar 2 disorder and the hormones from birth control pills were too much to handle. I&#039;m 21 and I&#039;ve never had kids before so I didn&#039;t want to do paraguard or mirena due to the size. The insertion process was not the best but it was not the worst it could have been. I definitely psyched myself out thinking the absolute worst was going to happen due to all the reviews I read on here. As long as you take 800mg of Advil or ibuprofen about a half an hour before the procedure you will be fine. I can describe it as poking in places I&#039;ve never been poked before, a little bit of lightheaded was and you&#039;re done. Had some cramps but I&#039;m happy with my decision"
"I&#039;m a 39 y/o female who experienced increased anxiety and finally anxiety attacks at night due to a series of health issues I was dealing with. After other treatments and trying to get off Klonopin I decided to try an SSRI. I started with 2.5 mg of escitalopram with immediate results of reduced anxiety. The next day I bumped it up to 5mg and then began experiencing terrible back pain from neck to hips and sciatica. I tried to stay on for a week but gave up and I am trying Zoloft now. Lexapro was very effective for my anxiety and panic. I did have 2-3 nights of bad insomnia that first week of Lexapro but it started to improve. I would be on it if not for back pain."
"Was admitted into the hospital for 3 days 2 nights and nobody could figure out what was wrong with me. Ended up finding c diff colitis in my stool and was prescribed 500mg metronidazole (flagyl) as oral tablets. 
Needless to say everyone I hear from tell me it tastes awful. It&#039;s best to swallow as fast as possible for the taste is definitely bad. The doctor who prescribed this told me if you drink plenty of water while taking this medication, your side effects may not even exist. 
Well he was right. The one time I didn&#039;t have any water for a few hours I got the absolute WORST headache that would not go away. I recommend at least 16oz of water per hour with this medication and the side effects should be either mild or non existent. staytough"
"I just take this the week of my PMDD and it helps with the mood swings and the irritability and agitation."
"I am up to my second mirena now, I highly recommend, I have had no problems what so ever, insertion hurts for two seconds, highly worth the mild uncomfortable sensation, when it lasts for five years. I&#039;m happy with it"
"Diabetic for 20 years. This is the second time I&#039;ve used Metformin, works very well. Side effect is terrible, bad breathe."
"Opana is a great pain killer but relief lasts only 4-5 hours. One has to take another pain killer such as hydrocodone in conjunction with Opana. Also, Opana cost me $400 a month for sixty 60mg pills. My doctor switched me to Morphine-sulfate. I&#039;ll let you know how I go on this medicine."
"[24M} I was prescribed 10mg/day of citalopram, increasing to 20mg after that for anxiety. I only made it 4 days before I couldn&#039;t stand the side effects and had to quit taking it. Drowsiness, erratic sleep, weird dreams, nausea, headache, extreme thirst and dry mouth/lips, lack of coordination and dizziness. The worst side effect was that it completely killed my sex drive. I don&#039;t think I was on the drug long enough to see much benefit, it did seem to calm me down, but some of the side effects made my anxiety worse."
"I am 41 years old and my blood pressure has risen. I&#039;m told that I am spilling protein. I&#039;m put on 10 mg. of zestril per day. I take the same amount even today.  Zestril has a kidney protector in the drug. 2007 I&#039;m taken to a hospital where they have a heat team waiting, but I&#039;m told it&#039;s my stomach! I&#039;m put on Prilosec, in 2010 I&#039;m put on nexium. In the spring of 2016 I&#039;m told that can not take nexium anymore because it can cause kidney issues! This summer I&#039;m told that I have cyst all over my kidneys."
"I was given Toradol for a severe pinched nerve in my back. I was groggy for a full 24 hours but had full range of motion. If given this medication, plan on doing nothing for 24 hours."
"Embarrassing to say but this has been my fifth time getting treatment of chlamydia with the SAME partner. Basically we&#039;ve been ping ponging it to each other for years because we&#039;re horny little bastards who can&#039;t get treated at the same time and WAIT the week before sex. Anyways, I usually never have side effects but today the gods were tired of my bs and let me have it. MASSIVE Diarrhea and Nausea!! Nonetheless, I&#039;m sure the odds of this happening to me was inevitable and the medicine will work as it always does."
"I had the implant for three months and then had it removed. I became very emotional, overly sensitive and very depressed. I initially did not recognize that this was being caused by the implant but as soon as I did I made the appointment to have it removed. I felt significantly better within a few days. I know everyone is different so I am not writing this to deter anyone from getting it but rather to share my experience."
"I have had Mirena for 3 days and I am terrified of gaining weight and losing my hair. Not to thrilled about any of the other side effects either. I am hoping to get lucky and bypass some of the negative side effects. I am very active and I have read that some of you other woman have been active as well and still gained weight. Can you elaborate of your level of activity? So the insertion was not bad just strange feeling. I do not have kids and I am twenty one. The pills make me crazy so I wanted something else. We will see how it goes. I am pain free the first day I cramped up a little throughout the night other than that I feel nothing. Still spotting nothing to worry about."
"My crotch is on FIRE! I have ice packs on it to feel some relief because I cannot stand the burning! Just really hope it works. This is my first time using the 1 day I usually use the 3 day with no complications at all but right now I&#039;m currently dying."
"Take it with food in your stomach and at night! It helps the nausea and you sleep through side effects! When I do not have food in my stomach I get nauseous, but its not super bad! I have just finished my first month and no noticeable weight gain or anything I hate about it. No lowered sex drive and nothing that I really hate about it! At first my period got heavier and I spotted for what seemed like forever; but it wasn&#039;t a big deal! So far I like it, its expensive but as of now its worth it. Little break out on chin but its clearing up fine! I wanted to tell everyone because there are so many bad reviews. I take it at 9 pm, couple hours after dinner, couple hours before bed. I recommend this to anyone."
"My Mother took Aricept 5 mg. for one week.  She has vivid dreams and can not tell if they are in fact dreams or real. Also very tired."
"I first had a prescription for MoviPrep and went to pick it up. The pharmacist said it was $99 with insurance. I almost fell over and asked him if he would call the Dr. and  get something else. He filled a prescription for Gavilyte N (same thing but generic), and it was $4. Really!

I did everything that I was supposed to do with a bland diet 2 days before and clear liquids the day before after a bland diet at breakfast. I mixed the prep in the morning and put it in the refrigerator. It was a gallon to be used at one time.

I was surprised that it did not taste bad. I did use a straw as others had recommended but took it out of the refrigerator because I was too cold. Worked after 3rd 8 oz cup. Drank about 3 liters, and I was done."
"My doctor prescribed this twice a day for a month after receiving a steroid injection for a herniated disc at the L5,S1. It works great! I can now walk, sit, stand, etc. Whereas I couldn&#039;t while suffering from Sciatica.  I&#039;m only 30! I have had no side effects."
"I was taking 1/2 pill.... It raced my heart, made me jittery. Hated the side effects."
"I have been taking Kadian for about two years and it has been the only medicine that can manage my chronic pain. I was also taking several Vicodin daily prior to the use of Kadian.  Now I only take a Vicodin once in a while. I also have an implant in my spine for pain control but need Kadian as well.  I take 30mg once a day, at night.  When I don&#039;t take this medicine, I can not walk without a cane, so it also helps my mobility."
"I have a life on Maxalt. 
Thank you"
"I love this product! I read all the reviews and was terrified to use it. I spoke to my doctor about it and he said to be sure it was a yeast infection or I would have a horrible reaction. I took an at home test otc to test and see if it was yeast or bacteria first. Once I found out it was yeast, I used Monistat 1 Day or Night and was fine!"
"I went off of the Depo Provera after 6 years and on to Mircette because my husband and I are beginning to plan a family. I am almost finished with my first pack of pills and I have had very little complications, works just as well as the shot did except I take a pill everyday. I set an alarm on my cell phone to remind me so it&#039;s easier to remember it, and I take it at night so I don&#039;t get busy during the day and forget it. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is breast tenderness but my body is extremely sensitive to the hormones. I&#039;m even beginning to lose the weight I gained from being on the depo shot (not much, only 15 pounds after 6 years of it)! It&#039;s a great birth control but remember, every woman&#039;s body is different!"
"My 15 yo son who has innattentive ADHD was taking adderall since 7th grade.  He is now in 10th.  For the longest  time  he has been having anger issues, he is easily  irritated by other students talking in class, noise on the bus, and his  7 year  old sister.  I was desperately searching online for meds to help with anger with ADHD and asp and found this site. Reading all the  comparisons of adderall and dexedrine, others having the same situation and most improving on the dex I hoped  that his problem was the adderall.  Went  to the doctor told her all of the above.  She seemed a little skeptical about it but was willing  to give it a try.  I don&#039;t  want to jinx myself or my son but so far so good even helped sister with homework."
"I&#039;ve been having troubles with ibs-d symptoms for the last 10-12 years of my life (I&#039;m only 22) about 2 years ago after I had my appendix removed it started becoming worse so I go back to my doctor for them to tell me I have gallstones a year later and my life has become extremely unbearable I can&#039;t eat, drink, or anything with out having to go to the bathroom almost immediately after. I believe I may also be lactose intolerant. But about a month ago I went to see my doctor who gave me this medicine and told me to take it 3x a day either an hour before my meal or 2 hours after. This is difficult because I also have to take a thyroid pill on an empty stomach. So most of my day I&#039;m either waiting around to eat or to take my medicine."
"Is it possible to have a reverse reaction to this drug? I started 1mg per day and I&rsquo;ve had INCREDIBLY vivid dreams, about 8 dreams per night. thankfullly none are nightmares but some are stressful like a dream about my boss yelling at me. I also can&rsquo;t stand up for long about 3 hours into it, I get dizzy, I start hearing colors if that makes sense, and I lose touch with reality. It&rsquo;s all relieved by sitting or lying down again. 
The last but not least side effect is heart palpitations which are exacerbated by even the least physical activity like standing up. I assumed this was just first dose syndrome and it would work properly once my body adjusted to it. The thing is, it&rsquo;s been two weeks now and I&rsquo;m starting to think these opposite effects aren&rsquo;t gonna go away"
"I have been taking Parlodel now for 2 months. At first dizzness and headaches then they passed. I have also noticed changes in my cycle it has become more normal 28 days from 35/40 days. I now notice my ankles and feet swelling now after 2 months on Parlodel..but what is funny about it occurs during my cycle."
"it is a drug that does not hinder my abilty to drive or do my daily dutys....it dulls the pain enough for me to do what i need to do   comfortably"
"I took the plan b one step pill 45 minutes after unprotected sex. I got the plan b bleeding 3 days later And it lasted 4/5 days. I waited 2 weeks and I finally got my period, it came a little early but it worked."
"I&#039;ve had skyla just over 3 months and overall, I love it! Insertion wasn&#039;t as bad as I thought it would be. Since then, my periods have been light but long- 7-10 days long, but I only need panty liners or a light tampon. My bf and I don&#039;t need to take time to put a condom on when things are getting intense and I love it! I have developed some back acne which is annoying, but not a deal breaker. I&#039;m hoping that goes away eventually. Overall, I would definitely recommend!"
"I too have gone through my whole life with undiagnosed ADHD and I have to say that I have lost so many years of my life both academically and personal. I&#039;ve been recently diagnosed with ADHD and started Ritalin. I could not tolerate Ritalin. It made me feel like a zombie along with bad headaches. My MD switched me to Adderall and It has changed my life. I wish I would have sought help years ago but I was too embarrassed to seek mental health help. I&#039;ve been on 30 mg per day of Adderall for 1.5 months now and its worked great except that I think this dose is too low as I have to split the 30 mg into two doses per day. 20 mg works great for me but the other 10 mg I have to take doesn&#039;t do much for me."
"I had taken almost everything for migraines and came up with a combination of Topamax and Elavil. I work in intensive care and started having memory problems. I also started sleeping almost constantly. I scheduled an appointment with the neurologist at my hospital and started on nortriptyline. This is the first time I&#039;ve had total control. I&#039;m not sleepy and I have more of my old self back. It feels good not to have any pain."
"I&#039;ve been using Epiduo for maybe 4 months now. I use a pea-sized amount all over my face every night. I have to say, it didn&#039;t do wonders for my skin. It caused peeling, dry patches, and super sensitive skin. Whenever I wash my face with Cetaphil, it burns. Moisturizing my face burns as well. I know it&#039;s suppose to get worse before it gets better but I&#039;ve just seen no improvements.

It wasn&#039;t for me but maybe it&#039;ll work for you :)"
"I am on day 16 of 50mg and I am starting to feel the benefits. The first few days I had heightened anxiety and low mood, headache, jaw clenching, no appetite, tummy upset but this has now passed. I still feel a bit anxious every now and then but I can actually now think positive thoughts and think about the future, which for the last 4 months I was a nervous wreck, I couldn&#039;t go out, I couldn&#039;t move off the sofa, I couldn&#039;t eat (lost 4 stone in 2 months ) my anxiety was so bad I thought I would be better off not being here, I didn&#039;t want to see or be around anyone from the way I was feeling, but it can now see light at the end of a VERY DARK tunnel. It took me 3 wks to pluck the courage to take them and I&#039;m so glad I did. THEY WORK!"
"I tried this medication for insomnia.  I had been taking Restoril 30 mg to help me sleep but it had stopped working as well. My doctor gave me samples of Belsomra to try and said I needed to start at 10 mg but it probably wouldn&#039;t work until I titrated up to 20 mg.  I had the worst night I&#039;ve had in a long time after taking this. I became confused and upset.  I began crying and became dizzy and felt as though I couldn&#039;t breathe. I was terrified to go to sleep. I apparently did fall asleep at some point after lying awake trying to keep from going to sleep due to fear. I had horrible dreams.  Never taking this again. Worst night I can remember in a long long time. I&#039;ve felt horrible all day, groggy, and nervous."
"I got this for the same reason as everyone else, because I hate taking the pill. I must say I give it a 10 for birth control considering I&#039;m constantly on my period, so I can&#039;t have sex anyway. It&#039;s been three months that I&#039;ve been on my period, and the constant bleeding caused a bacterial infection which then led to problems with UTIs. I am miserable, but my doctor made me sign an agreement saying I couldn&#039;t get it removed because of period problems, so now I&#039;m stuck. I would not suggest this product to anyone who plans on having sex in the next six months or doesn&#039;t want to pay to constantly buy pads or tampons. It is becoming expensive and not worth all of this hassle."
"It helped with my OCD intrusive thoughts, but made me VERY agitated and a feeling of skin crawling.  Even at 1/4 of a tablet and I was really anxious."
"Is extremely nauseous, loss of appiette and bad heartburn. I Feel sick whenever i eat and have vomitted. Has had severe heartburn; difficulty breathing and very uncomfortable(reoccurring but not always severe). Has had mood swings - happy to sad and vice versa. Have cried and felt emotional. Sex drive not effected like others have said in their reviews. I do get the occasional stomach cramping. I have a very busy life so i love love the one time application, set my date for removal and forget about it.  Im trying to look past the extreme nausea---but if i did not have that i wouldve been happy with Nuvaring."
"amazinggggggg!!!!!!! packaging needs to seriously be changed though. with narcolepsy, i have horribly low energy in the morning and the last thing i need is to have to spend 10 minutes struggling to get a tablet out. i usually fall asleep again before i&#039;m even able to take it. no side effects so far, fingers crossed."
"I wish very much I could give MC a glowing review like so many other reviewers. Unfortunately I can&#039;t, as it&#039;s been hit or miss for me. I was given MC several years ago to clear me out before surgery. Back then it worked, actually a little too well. I started going about 20 min after drinking the bottle (10 oz lemon lime flavor, not too bad) and I was still having spells of poop water 48 hrs later. This time is a different story. I&#039;m in the middle of a bout with severe acute constipation and was given MC in the ER after my usual home remedies (Miralax, Senakot S, Fleet enemas) didn&#039;t work and I got desperate. It&#039;s been 8 hrs. since drinking the MC and nothing has happened except some tummy rumbling. So I&#039;m still desperate :("
"Full hip replacement. I take Oxycodone 20 mg every 6 hours,when I first started taking, it gave me headaches but my pain control was great, in about a week, the headaches were gone. I would highly recommend this pain med, I have been taking them for a month and my mind is clear, don&#039;t feel tired from a scale of 1 to 10 my pain is about a 2 or 3 with the pain meds. I would like to warn you if you wait too long out to take your meds you will regret it. I take 20 mg every six hours, one night I slept about 10 hours and woke up with intense pain."
"Phentermine 37. 5 is the only way I have been able to lose weight. I took it 2 years ago and lost 29lbs. I&#039;ve now gained back 30 lbs and work out 3 times a week."
"I definitely recommend sticking to a low-fiber, light diet a few days prior to. I also drank at least 64oz of water before the prep too. The taste of prep honestly isn&#039;t has bad as I anticipated. I used a straw to drink it, didn&#039;t smell it and had it all finished in under 10 minutes. It kind of tasted like flat grape soda to me. It was a bit difficult drinking the 32oz of water in an hour after finishing the prep drink. It kicked in around the 45 minute mark for me having to go the bathroom. No cramps, headache and very minor rumbling in my stomach. I was pretty much all cleaned out within 2 hours after, going to the bathroom about every 30 minutes. I think my diet and hydration were what made all of this so much easier."
"I have tried Abilify, Seroquel, and Saphris and this is by far the best medication I&#039;ve been on. I did have a good experience with Seroquel until I got sick, but I would sleep through a hurricane which was bad for my work. I went two years after I got sick not feeling like myself. TWO YEARS. No real joy, no passion, no libido, nothing. Also my anxiety was out of control and I was beginning to use a lot of Ativan. Then, my psychiatrist was unavailable so I saw his PA and he put me on Vraylar. I don&#039;t know if this is even possible but I swear I began to feel better in a matter of days. It was incredible. My anxiety was the first symptom I noticed began to improve, then I started to notice the &quot;pep in my step&quot; improve. I&#039;m happy again!"
"Have taken it for one day and I feel better already. When you go to the bathroom once a week, you look for anything that will help. It&#039;s Tuesday and 2 movements already this week. It&#039;s great."
"Natalia W here  again, as I said I would review this pill if my period did not stop... I am on day 15 now of my period. It got lighter at day 9-14, where I never wore a tampon however bled when I peed or worked out... Today I woke up, day 15, cramps, heavier bleeding, and wearing a tampon AGAIN. Made an appointment with my Dr to see if this is normal.... I did just start this BC so I hope my body is just regulating... Still no weight gain, no crazy mood swings, no acne.... Just non stop period. Will update with new info if necessary... Still  not a bad pill because no weight gain, acne , and my  sex drive is still pretty much the same, maybe a tiny bit lowered, but probably because I am constantly on my period."
"I was stuck with a patient&#039;s bloody needle when he passed out unexpectedly and had to start Combivir for HIV prevention; given that said patient is active duty military (I am too), the chances of him having anything were minimal, but I chose to take it as a precaution anyway. The side effects were horrible: extreme fatigue, unrelenting daily nausea that I had to go and beg the doc to prescribe me zofran for, joint pain, can&#039;t eat more than a few bites of anything because I feel full, dizziness, and just general malaise almost like when you have the flu. Still got about two weeks to go on this stuff, hoping for the best,"
"I got the Nexplanon inserted July 13 2015.  I want it out asap. I haven&#039;t experienced any heavy bleeding however I do have a lot of spotting and it&#039;s random. So no periods since insertion.  My mood swings are out of control. I get annoyed and irritated easily. What I think is worse is my lack of energy. All I want to do on my days off from work is stay in bed and sleep!  I haven&#039;t gained any weight. But if I do gain some is probably because I&#039;m not exercising or watching my diet. As of right now my weight has been the same. My sex drive is much lower.This is my first time being on birth control. I should of done my research first. I liked the idea of an easy insertion , no daily pills, no shots. I want it out."
"I have tried several different medications over the past years. Some work at first, but later stop. Some have horrible side effects or just are not effective. I have found that requip extended release works nearly all the time for me. I have to set a reminder on my phone and take it (2mg) at 4:15pm. Regular (not ext release) requip made me nauseous."
"This has been a life changer for me. I guess I never realized how depressed I actually was until I started on Zoloft. I&#039;d been fighting it for years, forcing myself to get up and get by each day, but getting worse and worse (avoiding people, having problems talking, having horrible insomnia).
Within a week of being on Zoloft I noticed a major difference. I actually feel optimistic about life for the first time in as long as I can remember. My relationships with my wife, family, friends, and coworkers have all improved dramatically. In short, I&#039;m no longer depressed. 
I had some side effects over the first few days (restless legs, night sweats, a zonked out &#039;zombie&#039; feeling) but they passed quickly."
"I started taking Daytrana a few days ago. It is mostly good but my only problem is my loss in appetite. For the past two days I&#039;ve really only eaten breakfast and that&#039;s when I just put the patch on. I have barely eaten anything besides little spoonfuls of soup and Mac and cheese."
"I get cold sores about 2-3 times per year. Abreva has worked for me, but with caveats. If I can catch the sore at the very first tingle, I can limit its spread and it will heal up and go away in 3-5 days. It still looks bad for a couple of days, but at least it&#039;s not two weeks. The second to last time I used Abreva, I was traveling and couldn&#039;t get to it until about 12 hours after the first tingle. I applied Abreva, but it didn&#039;t have much effect, maybe quickening healing at best (the sore lasted seven days, untreated I&#039;d expect a week and a half). In short, you really have to rush to apply it (and keep applying it every few hours), and it&#039;s a race against time with that first tingle, even if you aren&#039;t 100% sure it&#039;s an oncoming outbreak."
"Within two days dose I had edema in my calves knees and ankles 3 days it just got worse. Also the Saphris headache that would not go away. Did not continue with fourth dose. Great wonders if you have zero side effects"
"I got this inserted May 2016, the insertion process was super easy with no pain. I spotted for about 5 days after and haven&#039;t had a period since. Works well as a contraceptive, never gotten pregnant. I have gained 10 pounds (after losing 20) which really sucks and is leading my to take it out. THe weight just keeps coming on when I am eating healthy and exercising 4-5 times a week. I can&#039;t keep gaining weight so I am going back on the pill to avoid this."
"I was prescribed buspirone because of being on Suboxone and the doctor didn&#039;t want me mixing my Suboxone and Xanax. I took my first dose of 10mg, which I was to take 3 times daily and had a very bad experience. I felt like the room was spinning, nausea, my legs were like Jello and I was scared. I had been taking Xanax for 5-6 years and wanted to come off anything addicting. Unfortunately Buspirone was not for me."
"IBS-C my entire adult life (44-yr old female.)  I have done it all - tried everything natural and prescribed. I cut out dairy, gluten, red meat... Was drinking prune juice, using fleet supps almost daily, NEVER having a decent or &quot;normal&quot; BM. My GI doc gave me samples of Linzess yesterday; I took it this morning and exactly one hour later : WHA-LA. A &quot;perfect&quot; BM!!! NO cramps. NO diarrhea. If you have trouble going, please try this. I am absolutely thrilled! Not sure what my insurance will cover, but I don&#039;t even care - this is my miracle pill, and it is going to make a huge difference in my life."
"I have had my Mirena for going on 4 years now and it is great! I had it put in after my son was born in 2004 and I didn&#039;t feel a thing when they put it in, I&#039;ve never had cramping or mood swings, nor have I had any weight gain. I recommend this form of birth control for anybody! I will be getting again once my 5 years are up."
"I have genital herpes as well as SLE and related complications. I mention the other health issues only because the treatment for the Lupus is to suppress the immune system, which can allow the herpes virus to become more active than it would be if my immune system was not compromised. I take valacyclovir daily for suppressive treatment, but when I do have an outbreak, I always add the acyclovir ointment. I find that it eases the discomfort and helps the sores heal a little bit faster."
"Dose is two 36mg every 12 hours. Plus breakthrough meds. The xtampza doesn&#039;t last the full time so I&#039;ve found that switching to 1 pill every 6 hours DOES WORK because there is a steady stream of meds plus the breakthrough as needed. Hope this will help."
"I am 64 a have been taking Trazadone for about 7 months for insomnia .   Trazadone did not work for me at all.  It caused me to have several side effects including slurred speach,  weakness,  fatigue, flu like symptoms,  brain fog etc.  I started out taking 50 mg. I went up to 100 when it didn&#039;t work.  The withdrawals have been awfull.  Reduce 12.5 mg.  every 2-4 weeks.  Can&#039;t wait until I am free of this drug.  I did a lot of research to educate myself as to what my body was depleted of to cause insomnia. Taking natural products only now.  Melatonin, GABA, Selenium, and some others.
Kavinace, and Native Rest.  Plus some natural hormone therapy .  Have 25 mgs of Trazadone to go until I am off completely.  Sleeping good now!"
"This has helped my pain a lot... doctors have said it will only help it if is nerve pain
Side effects has been memory gaps but honestly I can handle that better then being in the horrible pain I had 
I take 2  600 mg pills 3 times a days"
"Hello Everyone! I&#039;m 25 years old. I started my weight loss journey on March 27, 2016. My staring weight was at 289 and my height is only 5&quot;5. I knew I had to make changes in my eating habits and lifestyle. Started taking phentermine on March 27th. I had a hard time sleeping at first and of course dry mouth - which just means I need to drink plenty of water. Yes! It does curve my appetite but the point of the pill is to eat more, but more HEALTHY choices and workout.  I just had a weigh in on August 3rd and I weighted 254. My goal weight is between 185-220. Next weigh in I hope to weights around 245 or less. I will keep everyone posted."
"I had to switch from Minastrin 24 fe to Taytulla last month. Minastrin 24 FE is not covered by my insurance anymore. Taytulla is not either however there is a coupon which drops the price tremendously. Taytualla is the &quot;bio equivalent&quot; of Loestrin 24 FE. I used to take Loestrin 24 FE before they discontinued it so I felt a bit better about Taytulla as Loestrin 24 FE worked wonders for me. I have been on Taytulla for less than a month. My first week I experienced headaches, not sure if it was stress from work or the pill or both but they eventually subsided. My breasts have been tender but nothing crazy or painful. I&#039;m starting on the pill where I will get my period so I will update at a later time and let you all know how that goes."
"Awful, severe, intolerable constipation! Almost complete blockage on my same high fiber, vegetables, fruit, &amp; low fat protein diet.  Took for two weeks and it never got better. Going back to my Lexapro generic."
"Would not quit this medicine, it helps immensely."
"Very helpful!!"
"Given for amoxocillin non respondent strep/tonsillitis.  This is my 4th day. Infection immediately started diminishing. I have had the worst heartburn and indigestion imaginable. I was not warned about the water or not laying down until I read these posts. Hopefully that helps because I am miserable and still have 6 days to go!!! :("
"I developed overactive bladder and spotting a lot between periods and pain during sex. It also gives me pregnancy symptoms. I HATE IT ."
"I&#039;ve been on the shot for about 3 years now. ONLY thing that sucked was in the beginning I had abnormal bleeding and spotting that stopped after the second shot and I haven&#039;t had a period since. I take a daily multi vitamin to reduce the risk of hair loss and bone weakness. No weight gain at all."
"Not bad, not bad at all. Taste like chicken. After downing batch one, I did 3 miles running on the treadmill to speed up the process. Worked like a charm. I now feel like a new man, looking forward to my butt probe adventure..."
"I had it inserted in early May. 5 weeks after giving birth to twins by C-section but dilated a full 10cm. Insertion wasn&#039;t painful at all. Bleeding heavily for a week after it being put in, after that I&#039;ve been spotting ever since. I have horrible cramps that feel like light labor pains. Trying to give my body a chance to adjust to it &amp; also looking at other options in case it needs to be removed!"
"I checked in my first week on Contrave and had lost 4lbs I have been on it 3 weeks and am down 14lbs. Still no I&#039;ll side effects, sometimes if I eat too much I feel as if I will be sick."
"I have been on gabapentin going on almost a year, I have had anxiety all my life, but even more after I became a heroin, and cocaine user. I started taking Neurontin in prison, and these pills have helped me so much, and now I take 1200 in the morning, and 1200 in the evening, and I&#039;m the happiest girl on earth and I&#039;ve been clean, they help for real, I&#039;m happy to clean, and cook, and spend time with my son. It&#039;s non narcotic, and a blessing."
"My son has been on this medication since September. I have taken him off. I didn&#039;t even recognize him his emotions were so high and the anger and aggression was unbelievable!"
"I have to be on it for 2 months due to surgery and chronic bladder infection..women..please eat something and take a probiotic with this medicine. Working great! No complaints and no yeast infection..yay!"
"Tried to take statins in past and can&#039;t tolerate them.  Tried Niacin approach which didn&#039;t work.  Three months on Repatha and my cholesterol went from 330 to 143.  No change in diet.  wow.  It works!   No side effects.  Easy to self inject.  miracle drug we have been waiting for."
"I was diagnosed with a condition called vulvadynia about 5 years ago. It&#039;s pain in and around the vaginal region. The doctor tried me on all types of medicines. Mostly antidepressents for nerve pain. I was on amitriptyline, effexor and so on. They all worked to some extent but now my pain doctor, who was the one who put me on the pills, has put me on Topomax, which is working real well for me. I have no pain but sometimes I do feel a little uncomfortable, and have bad days but not too often. If it&#039;s not working then she will try something else. My dosage is 100mg once a day before bedtime. I don&#039;t notice side effects because I take alot of different medicines. "
"I have had recurring uti&#039;s for 5 decades. I&#039;ve been on macrobid for a couple of years. I&#039;ve found it does help prevent the kidney and bladder infections with few side effects. 
The side effects I do have are: darkened urine, diarrhea occasionally, nausea and dry heaves occassionally, dizziness occasionally and peripheral neuropathy on occasion. 
Now I know you would think that these side effects would deter someone from taking this drug but for me those side effects are better than having bladder and kidney infections for 6 months at a time. For me the macrobid is the lesser of the two evils. Living with the infections is worse than these few issues."
"I have been on this birth control for a year now. It&#039;s the first one that has worked out great for me. I understand that all birth controls will react differently with most women. As far as my experience, they have been pleasant. The side effects for me are moodiness and no periods. My last full period was about 4-5 months ago and that period was the longest I ever had lasting at least a week. Since then, no period. My moods are very high and very low. This is my only dislike if I had to choose. Then again, I believe aging comes with that a well since our bodies are continually changing. I haven&#039;t experienced weight gain or bad acne. Overall, it&#039;s worked for me."
"I started out on legitimate pain meds that I needed. I quickly escalated to heroin. If not for the buprenorphine, Id be dead. At the same time, its another animal. Meaning I wish I had gotten off all pain meds. My plan is to do ibogaine. So 9 for saving my life. And 9 for new addiction. I want to get off all meds. I will update this after ibogaine experience."
"I was prescribed fluox by my GP to treat what was believed to be generalised anxiety disorder (later confirmed as comorbid with AvPD) circa 2012 and my dose was doubled in 2014. 

Initially results were good, significant reduction in anxiety and depression within a fortnight. But by 2014 the drug was ineffective and we doubled the dose which allowed me to function while still experiencing anxiety but came with incredible fatigue.

For medium term use fluox is an effective and ssri for depression and anxiety but in the long term is needs to be supplemented or replace as you build tolerance."
"I have been using duac $33 as my topical ointment along with doxycilyn $10 for 5 days now. I have suffered from cystic acne for 17 years. I am so so happy with my results so far. I woke up this morning with still a few blemishes left, but all my redness has gone, the &#039;under skin bumps&#039; are all gone, and my skin finally, does not hurt! I have had no side effects as yet. I am having the doxy pill in the morning and using duac at night after my nightly shower. My beauty routine is advance natural cleanser and Dr. Spiller toner and moisturizer. The moisturizer is oil based so it is really hydrating which is counteracting the dryness from duac. Please, do it! Try it! I am so happy, and it only been 5 days!"
"I have an ibs problem 2 or 3 times a week about 30 minutes after eating. I have severe cramps with diarrhea. The pain is so bad that I experience gagging and dry heaves or vomiting. Sometimes I have constipation.  When I feel the first cramp, I take a librax and the cramps stop like a miracle. I keep my librax with me at all times because I never know when I am going to have an attack."
"I switched to Mirena because I was sick of consistently taking the pill at the same time. I haven&#039;t had kids before- so the insertion was pretty painful (although about 5 minutes in duration...easier than childbirth). I was crampy and had normal period bleeds for about 2 weeks and thought what have I gotten myself into. After that- it&#039;s almost like it all went away. I have minimal spotting occasionally and maybe a morning of cramps once a month. No pill to remember. And my partner stated the first time we had sex he felt the string but since it has softened he cannot. I love this birth control and would recommend it."
"Been on Klonopin for 3 years. Lifesaver, have panic attacks due to congenital heart defect. They label it chronic life long health condition always feeling panic that something drastic was going to happen. Klonopin gave me back my life. Take 0.5mg in the morning and 2 mg at night. Wonderful. Hope this helps. I&#039;ve tried it all."
"Cipro is magical when it comes to bladder infections.   Please do not drink milk and please make sure you eat a cracker, a piece of bread or other food prior to taking this medication. It is by far the strongest and most effective for severe bladder infections. Within just hours you no longer feel that constant annoying urgency to urinate and the pain of the oncoming infection lessens the first day of taking Cipro. And, lastly, however most importantly, do not have intercourse for at least a week or longer."
"Worked well for depression. Didn&#039;t make me sleepy but always hungry."
"I have heard people complain that Ativan is addictive, but I myself have been taking off and on for years and have had little dificulty in stopping at any time."
"The best for a diabetic type 1. IT&#039;s better than a needles four times a day. Now.it&#039;s only once a day!!
I think it&#039;s worth every penny. I would pay even if my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it. I went to alot of Doctors to get it. Most said no,but I kept trying. IT was worth it!!! DON&#039;t get it if you LOVE needles!!"
"Been on this drug 15 months  No libido at all day  sweats night sweats and hot flashes  irritability and erratic memory episodes

PSA from 30 to .01 after radiation and continues today"
"I started taking Cymbalta and I noticed a difference immediately!  I felt more relaxed and happy in general.  I take Lamictal for Bi-Polar disorder and after finding that medicine alone not being enough, my dr prescribed Cymbalta.  I&#039;ve been in a pleasant mood with my family, friends and at work.  Not stressing out about leaving the house or having a busy schedule and getting anxiety about it.  It has also helped with my lower back pain I have been dealing with the last 3yrs.  It&#039;s only been 2 weeks and the only thing I can say is, I seem to yawn a lot and have less of an appetite.  If it messes with my sex drive and lowers it... I&#039;m off it."
"I&#039;ve been on for a week I&#039;ve experienced every side effect on the list from nausea, queasy feeling in my stomach minor acne excessive sleeping no appetite looking at food makes me feel sick almost like I&#039;m pregnant again Moody and no energy almost feeling weak..I have to take 3 at a time to stop and regulate my cycle due to an abonormal cycle that lasted 6 months after my pregnancy I&#039;m already thinking about changing it I think the side effects are to much and the comments about this bc method is no good but at the end of the day every body is different"
"i took this birth control for 7 months straight and my periods continued to get less and less each time and every month they would come 2 weeks early during the white pills, and my period has stil not regulated and on the 7th month i had no period at all!!! lots of cramping and feeling like pregnant but was not. horrible!!! i have not lost any baby weight at all bc of this pill!! do not recommend!!!"
"This medication is NOT for teenagers.
My son was so depressed we could not get him out of his room for days on end.  We eventually got convinced him that he needed help and agreed to start taking medications and spending more time out in the sun and exercise.  All of this was painfully slow but I believe the medication did help him become more motivated to help himself.  He agreed to give the medication 5 weeks.  
Week 6 my son started punching holes in walls and throwing things when he has never done anything like this before.  Week 8 my son killed a little girl.  A friend of the family. 

Now, he is facing 47 years without parole for something he did at 17 influenced by a medication I had asked him to try.This is in fact, LIFE w/o parole."
"Paxil literally saved my life.  I have been on Paxil since I was 26 and I am now 40.  Out of the blue, I started having severe panic attacks.  My psychiatrist gave me paxil.  From that day forward, I have not had any panic attacks.  The only reason I gave this medication a 9 out of 10 is because, I gained almost 100 lbs on it.  I have since lost 50 lbs.  It is a great medication for panic disorder;  however for depression, I would take something else."
"Ultram is the only medication I can take for pain that doesn&#039;t make me sick.  Lortab, Norco, etc. all make me sick at my stomach. Darvocet used to be what I preferred as it didn&#039;t make me feel sick, hate that it was taken off the market. But after hand surgery and being prescribed Ultram, it&#039;s nice to know there is a pain medication out there that works and doesn&#039;t make me throw up. Highly recommend."
"I had cancer twice and my ovaries are not producing hormones because of it. I&#039;m now an adult and still have not started my period. I&#039;m only on  .3 mg and it makes me eat more and my doctor says I&#039;m growing so it&#039;s working so far."
"Have had restless legs syndrome for many years and usually was able to &quot;deal&quot; with it but reached a point where it was unbearable.  Gabapentin made me very dizzy so my Dr. prescribed Ropinerole, lowest dose.  After two weeks I developed horrible side effects, dizziness, feeling I was going to faint, nausea would wake me up at night, my body felt flush and my skin turned reddish.  Stopped taking it and still after a week without, am still experiencing these side effects."
"Took Zoloft for 3 months, didn&#039;t help."
"I honestly love my nexplanon. I had been on depo provera for 3 years before getting nexplanon. Nexplanon makes me feel normal. I get light spotting for 3-4 days each month. Recently I finally had a bad side effect of a period, or breakthrough bleeding for 3 weeks, but it has been cleared up by taking birth control pills to help regulate my menstrstion cycle. Other than that I don&#039;t have weight gain, no mood swings or acne changes, and I&#039;m less moody with nexplanon than any other birth control I&#039;ve tried. I love it."
"I was boiling seafood in a 120 quart pot outdoors. When the food was cooked and I grabbed the case and set it on top of the pot ask I always do,  the entire pot tipped over due to the stand giving out and all the water came flowing over my ankles amd both feet. 2nd degree burns on both ankles and feet. They gave me a very strong antibiotic. Two capsules four times daily for ten days and this cream. Wow. It is also miracle!! Since then,  my sister had major 2nd degree burns (almost third) and she was also given this cream. No scars on either of us. I had never heard of it but since using it, seems everyone knows about it but me lol. They all swear by it and I see why. Amazing treatment!! Very cheap also with my insurance. Three bucks"
"I&#039;ve been dealing with moderate to severe acne for well over 10 years now, but I never wanted to go on Accutane. Epiduo Forte works! I saw results in 1 week, with less and less acne coming through. It even is starting to reduce the red marks that I have from old acne. People complain that it burns and dries out their skin, but in my case it wasn&#039;t that bad. 

My skin was a little sensitive, burned only a little, but did get dry. It felt like a tight pulling at times and my neck was very flakey.  My skin is very oily, which may cause it to not be as dry as a result of the medication. 

I&#039;m working on my 5th week on Epiduo, and again I am very impressed. I have my follow up in a few weeks, and I am excited to share the results with my doctor."
"Good"
"When I started living with other women, their menstrual cycles pulled mine out of sync although I was taking Orsythia and should have my periods timed exactly. I haven&#039;t had any side effects however, and the pill is working."
"I&#039;ve been on Strattera since 3rd grade. And I don&#039;t understand why so many people are against it. I have only experienced good results with this drug. My grades have increased, I am able to focus in class, and I can excel and prosper. My doctor has told me that eventually I will be weaned off of Strattera because my brain should be able to adapt. All I can say is. I never experienced any horrible side effects, if any. I can&#039;t say I remember any side effects. And I know that it is not addictive since I am able to stop taking the drug during the summer time. I&#039;ve had a moderately positive experience on Strattera. I hope everyone else does too."
"I have a neuromuscular disorder and seizures, and muscle twitches, cramps, spasms, etc. Nothing helps me but valium. I am thankful my doctor was open to try it. My life is so much better now."
"First day to take this blood pressure med.  I am very dizzy.  Scary dizzy.  Going to try and stick with it to see if this side effect goes away.  If not, I will have to discontinue."
"This medicine is awesome in losing weight and feeling great. No more to say."
"It works. Don&#039;t fart unless your able to change your pants right away if you know what I mean"
"Been taking this for 2 months. I&#039;ve tried nearly every other ADHD med. I take IR Methylphenidate 10mgs BID. Although it helps w/ concentration and motivation in my day to day activities, there are downsides.
Pros:
%u2022very cheap
%u2022 makes me feel the best, I genuinely enjoy learning and taking notes in class, among other things
%u2022helps w/ Social Anxiety Disorder, I&#039;m more talkative
CONS:
%u2022Increases impulsivity (e.g. Online shopping, among other things)
%u2022depresses me, makes me more suicidal
%u2022terrible drop off when meds wear off, intense anxiety and depression...

Personally, side effects are too dangerous for me and outweigh the pros. Hope this helps"
"I got mirena put in two days ago and so far love it. I&#039;m twenty one with no kids and in a monogamous relationship. It does hurt to get in, a lot of cramping and pinching, but it only last for a few moments and is totally worth it in my book. I had it inserted towards the end of my period. Yesterday( the second day I had it) my bleeding stopped by the end of the day and I had no cramping. Today so far no spotting, although that wouldn&#039;t worry me, and ive also had no cramping or pain of any kind anywhere. So far I love it. My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex last night and it was wonderful not to have to think about taking  a pill or worrying if it was not effective yet. I would highly recommend so far. i will post again in about a month."
"Female 140 lbs took 2 Dulcolax Tablets at 6:30pm, followed by 3 full glasses of water. Had been constipated for about 5 days prior. Woke up at 6:00am with the feeling of having to have a bowel movement. Passed a lot of liquid /semi soft bowel motions. No cramps, no feeling of illness. Was petrified by all of the other reviews, but thinking  drinking water after taking the pills helped. No side effects the next day."
"I have taken soma for at least 5 years and all of a sudden my new doctor took me off and put me on flexril, it does not work at all nothing like soma to let me sleep through the night without hopping up with muscles cramps.  I have had back surgury 3 times and have nerve damage that will not heal, soma helps in many ways relaxation helps me sleep and no muscle cramps hope my doctor will see fit to put me back on them I hurt so much."
"My doctor has me trying this drug but I find that it does not work as well for me as Norco does. Also, it has interfered with my sleep, has kept me up. Add to this that I seem to get upset easier since I started taking this drug. I&#039;m going to speak with my doctor about going back to Norco which did work for me but there were also side effects."
"I have had no problems with this BC.  It seems like every brand affects people differently.  I switched from Loestrin after I started losing hair.  Zarah solved the hair loss.  Zarah has cleared up my acne, which is a feat by itself.  I do have horrible cramps and bloating.  My biggest complaint is my periods last  FULL 7 days.  That&#039;s utter misery to me, especially when they were barely 2 days long on Loestrin."
"I&#039;ve been using the patch for about 6 years, and it&#039;s been great. No babies, it&#039;s done its job, lighter periods. I occasionally forget to change it and always get scared it&#039;ll effect it, but the directions help to explain what to do if miss a day, and it never effected me. I put it on the back of my lower legs, and alternate every week to avoid rashes. I shave the small area right before applying the patch and it makes it really easy to take off, doesn&#039;t hurt. Only thing with the leg, pants make the surrounding get black fuzzier. I&#039;ve been having a problem with lack of sec drive and interest lately (past 2yrs) and I&#039;m starting to wonder if it&#039;s from the patch... if  going in hot tube or swimming vaca put a bandage over it itll fall off."
"This is very helpful to reduce hot flashes and sweat and I am very grateful. Highly recommended."
"This is my first birth control. Before I started taking Lo Lo I had heavy periods and really bad cramps, so bad I had to leave school sometimes. Lo Lo has changed that for the better though! I no longer have cramps and I either don&#039;t have my period or it last for only one day. This pill is like a little miracle! Love it! Only problem I have had with it was when I got off an antibiotic I had small cramps for the 1st month back on."
"Tried every OTC medicine and nothing worked. Then I finally agreed to use Humira and I am glad I did. I am fully cleared and all my psoriasis is gone. Next question is now how long do I need to keep taking it to stay clear."
"In High School I had beautiful skin and rarely had any breakouts. Then when I was 19 I started breaking out terribly! I literally think I tried every acne medication, gel, antibiotic, tea and pill under the sun. FINALLY I decided to follow my doctors advice and try Accutane. IT WAS A MIRACLE! My only regret is that I wasted so much time being scared of the side effects and didn&#039;t start it sooner. I was on it for 5 months. My acne got a TINY bit worse during the 2nd month of Accutane but after that it got better and better! I experienced some crying spells, depression and dry skin but those things truly weren&#039;t that bad and you really can&#039;t put a price on your self-esteem/clear skin - and that is EXACTLY what Accutane will give you."
"Love this birth control. Please don&#039;t read all the negativity- every medicine has POSSIBLE side effects and the people who deal with those are more common to blog about it than the ones who have no issues with it. I&#039;ve had it for 2.5 years and I&#039;ve never had any issues and side effects. Some of my friends have also gotten it and love it just as much as I do!"
"I am on day 11 of a 14 day cycle and the first week I experienced flu like symptoms i.e., achy muscles, fatigue &amp; head aches. My only side effect now is a slight headache. I am using Zyclara on my face (temples, forehead and cheek) and my face is looking pretty ugly right now. It looks like an awful outbreak of acne and is very raw. I have more than a few scabs and a lot of redness where I have been applying the cream. It is very itchy and tender and to be honest, while I am still in the middle of all of this, I have questioned whether I would do it again. I guess it would be better to answer that in a couple of weeks. I have wanted to stop using it but it is like swimming half way across a lake. I think I will be happy in a couple of weeks"
"After two weeks usage, the drug appears largely ineffective."
"I was prescribed and took the Azithromycin pack (Z Pack) when I came down with an acute case of Bronchitis. It was the traditional 2 pills at the first dose, and then 1 pill each following day. I started to feel a noticeable improvement by day 3, and was nearly completely better 7-8 days later. The medicine definitely worked for me, however, the side effects were strongly unpleasant. I had severe stomach pains, along with diarrhea, even when I did take the pills with food. Since the pills work for 10 days, i had the side effects for that long too.  Overall though, I happy I took the Z pack and it helped cure me quickly."
"This is the best pill I&#039;ve ever taken for sleeping. I&#039;ve had insomnia for 6 years now. I got prescribed clonazepam, although my doc said it was highly addictive, because nothing else would work. I was desperate (in the time of 12 months before I got on it, I was able to sleep more than 6 hrs maybe 5 nights only), so I decided to give it a try. IT IS A MIRACLE PILL! I can sleep again 8 hrs straight! I don&#039;t feel groggy, drowsy or sleepy AT ALL, actually quite the opposite! I have so much energy in the morning, I feel like a superman! I&#039;ve been taking 0.75mg for two years now 3-4 times a week, and so far did not have to increase the dose! Give it a try, if nothing else helps. And I&#039;ve tried EVERYTHING."
"This medication is amazing!! Be patient and try it! All ADHD medications (like any other medication for anything) have side-effects but I have learned Concerta&#039;s do go away once you let your body do the talking: push through the 1-6 days of anxiety/depression/hyperactivity, etc., and be open to what it can do for you once your body gets used to it. I am 21 years old and I am on 54mg AND I take a side-effect medication called INTUNIV XR (2mg) that cured the anxiety side-effect which I found to come about half way through the day and when the Concerta was wearing off. This side effect comes about because Concerta is not a gradual release but 2 releases of the medicine- it drops off and may cause anxiety for a short time during the day."
"This is by far the best medication I&#039;ve ever taken for my anxiety. It doesn&#039;t cause any weird side effects and it makes me a happier less stressed person all around. I had to stop taking it when I got pregnant but when I have my baby I plan to get back on my medication."
"Four years ago, I began taking birth control. After a year of trying to find the &quot;right&quot; pill, I was experiencing extreme fatigue, mood swings, depression, constipation, skin/hair problems, weight gain, and inability to lose weight. I stopped the pill and still continued to experience these symptoms. I spent the next few years trying to lose weight and trying to convince my doctor to treat my thyroid. She wouldn&#039;t because my TSH level was normal. Two months ago, I found a doctor who prescribes Armour based on symptoms. In one month of taking 25mg of Armour daily, I have regained my health and my life. Fight for your health and ask for Armour. If it doesn&#039;t work for you, it&#039;s worth searching for a medication that does to feel healthy again."
"Worst drug ever-- I am usually not allergic to any drug but I Just took it for 2 days and have the worst body pain, muscle soreness, feverishness. The list of long term side effects from this drug is appalling. As a scientist and cancer biologist I usually take extra caution as to what drugs I consume but the side effects of this drug is scary and having experienced it first hand I am stopping it just after two days of use. My face is still dry and has acne and I am close to 40. Hopefully a topical cream will help- definitely not solodyn!"
"First i want to say that everyone is different and not everyone reacts the same to medication. 
I started with Concerta, it didn&#039;t work for me at all. I didn&#039;t feel like myself, it took over my personality and I started to have heavy anxiety, panic attacks, anti social and paranoia.

Then I got Vyvance and its life changing, It doesn&#039;t feel like I&#039;m on a prescription. It&#039;s more a tool that helps me get through everyday life. I&#039;m much calmer, I can concentrate on one thing at the time. I get so much more done and I feel like I&#039;m in peace with my mind. My patience has improved, I&#039;m less impulsive and I can sit for a long time straight without feeling bubbly or restless.

Side effect- Dry mouth, no appetite. But EAT and eat smart, it gets back."
"I take 7.5mg a day for schizophrenia, I have only been on this medicine for 5 weeks but it has helped me immensely with both negative and positive symptoms. I have gained weight but its a small price to pay for some peace of mind, honestly couldn&#039;t be more grateful for this medicine."
"Xolair is life-changing. I was diagnosed with severe allergic asthma 35 years ago.  While I still take regular maintenance medicines in addition to a steroid inhaler, Xolair had allowed me to give up my nebulizer and has turned of the allergic rhinitis faucet in my head.  At the time of my last injection I was wheezing slightly (residual symptoms from a three week battle with bronchitis).  Within 15 minutes of the injection the wheezing had stopped and I was breathing easier. I&#039;ve taken Xolair since 2005 without any adverse reaction.  My symptoms are better controlled with Xolair than at any time in my life.  Truly a miracle."
"Wow same problem here! Chin zits just like the big undergrounders that you would get in high school. On top of that my mood swings are seriously out of control. I can just snap at any moment. Definentley would not recommend ."
"All right people, let&#039;s get a few items out of the way to begin. NO, methadone does not &quot;rot your bones&quot; or your teeth. Not taking care of your teeth and being nutrient deficient WILL rot your bones and teeth. Brush your teeth 2x or 3x a day, floss, use mouthwash and take bone health supporting vitamins and nutrients and that will help keep your skeletal system in good nick. YES, methadone has an unusually long withdrawal period. why? because it&#039;s half-life is very long when compared to other opiates; up to 60 hours versus some opiates with half-lifes of 6 to 8 hours. of course the withdrawal period is going to be more pronounced and prolonged - it&#039;s basic chemistry and biology here, people. methadone, put simply, WORKS."
"On phenobarbital from age of 2 to 8, because I passed out in the high chair, probably hyperventilated.  I was giving dose before bed every night. I couldn&#039;t fall asleep till nearly morning.  As an adult,  on meth for 20 years. I don&#039;t know if there is a connection or not, but no one else in my family is an addict. I don&#039;t mean to whine, just telling my experience."
"I read a lot of comments on hydromorphone and thought it would help me greatly with my chronic back pain. So I was shocked when I got the 2mg script and got no relief in pain whatsoever even after taking 6mg. "
"I was diagnosed with bipolar when I was 14 years old I am now 34 years old. I have been many different medications for my bipolar. Seroquel has been a wonderful medication. I take 1000mg at bedtime. I have been on it for almost 16 years. It works well for me."
"I used to be obese, fat whatever you want to call a person who was a compulsive eater. Eleven months later I am now on a blood pressure medicine but dropped three other medicines. Total weight loss fifty four pounds and I now control what I eat. Congratulate me as I made my goal and still use Belviq to help me keep the weight off forever."
"7 days out of 10. Some sinus improvement but the vile taste in my mouth is awful. Desperately trying to make sure I continue taking the tablets but not sure I can cope with the erratic sleep and waking up in the night with my mouth feeling like a sewer. Paranoid that my breath must smell as bad as the taste so over doing the mouth wash!"
"I&#039;ve tried almost every muscle relaxer out on the market, nothing worked as well as Lorzone! Its been a Godsend for me. I have multiple chronic spinal issues, some that cause severe muscle spasms. Lorzone has made my life more bearable. It may take about a week when you first start to actually work on your spasms, then continue as directed and you&#039;ll notice a difference in the amount, and severity of spasms. I&#039;ve also noticed within a week or two of stopping Lorzone the spasms return. :( Unfortunately I&#039;ll be on meds for the rest of my life.
My insurance only pays a very small part of cost, I use the coupon that lorzone provides, ask your doctor for it, its on the box of samples they get from the company."
"I&#039;ve been on sprintec for about a year and a half, no weight gain, cleared up any pimples, 5 day long periods, and no pregnancies. The downside is I&#039;ve become more sensitive emotionally, the smallest thing can make me upset especially around my period, and I get extremely bad hunger pains that never used to happen before the pill. I would still give it an 8/10 because it hasn&#039;t negatively impacted me physically and it&#039;s done its job."
"I have neuropathy in my feet and slightly in my hands. Amitryptiline made my pain livable - still bad, but I could function. When I began taking Cymbalta along with the amitryptline, almost immediately the pain subsided and practically disappeared!  I no long take the Amitryptiline and Cymbalta keeps the pain to a low ebb, allowing me to sleep and join in activities I had long given up.  Doesn&#039;t do a thing for my &quot;attitude&quot;, but being relatively pain free does make me happy."
"Been on 150 for 3 weeks. It&#039;s been up and down but overall up. I&#039;m bipolar and have rage issues so I was very worried about that but it has actually been less of an issue than with other antidepressants I&#039;ve been on (Celexa, Lexapro) and tried unsuccessfully (Cymbalta, Prozac, Latuda). Also, I tried the generic non XL a few years ago and it did throw me into a blind range. I was a little prone to &quot;upsetness&quot; like sensitivity that I would then lash out in anger, but not rage, for the first two weeks. Had some anxiety issues but those have dispersed. Otherwise, libido is normal again after Lexapro and now getting motivated to get out of bed to eat or go to work or shower is like picking up a 1 lb weight instead of  a 20 lb weight. 25yoF"
"Take 25 mg daily - 15mg morning /10mg evening for 46 years. 
No side effects. No symptoms. Restored my well being!"
"I&#039;m 17 years old and I&#039;ve suffered with bad skin since I can remember.. Been on lots of anti biotics, the pill, cream and finally put me on roacuttane. My skin was bad as I had it on my face, back , arms and chest! My worst was on my arms and now there are loads of dark scars. Roacuttane had really cleared up all the pimples and face spots I had within the first 2-3 months which is great. Lips have been awful and have had rash on my hands. My nose has also appeared more with white heads which I remove with nose strips once a week now which is great. I also have back pains from the tablets and feel tired most of the time which isn&#039;t too great because I&#039;m doing exams.. I feel more confident as I can now show my face without makeup to people!"
"I&#039;ve only taken Belviq for 3 days but have had wonderful results already! I&#039;ve lost 5 lbs. My doctor started me out slowly taking it only in the mornings for the first 3 days just to ensure my body could tolerate it. Tonight I will also begin to take it in the evenings. I have had a bit of a dry mouth but I don&#039;t mind, I just need to drink more water. I did stop drinking soda, and cut back on some of my calories. Tomorrow I start at my gym, so it will be interesting to see if I lose more weight or gain muscle. I don&#039;t usually tolerate meds very well, so I&#039;m really happy that this seems to be working for me so far. I&#039;ll post another update as I get further along. My insurance doesn&#039;t cover weightloss medicine, but the discount card helps."
"Super easy experience! No pain at all! It was over with in less than 2 minutes, it was a breeze!"
"My pharmacy changed my birth control pill to this. From the very beginning I experienced symptoms that my doctor did not explain to me. I began experiencing shortness of breath, tachycardia, severe dizziness, heart burn and indigestion. I also noticed that every time I drank coffee the symptoms would get worse. I do not recommend this medication. I got off this medication about 3 weeks ago and now I&#039;m feeling much better except for the occasional dizzy spell. Working out and eating well have helped me manage the symptoms. Please consider other brands because it&#039;s not worth feeling sick all the time while taking this medication."
"This medication didn&#039;t do anything for my clinical depression or anxiety, but it did help me  gain about 90 pounds which I desperately needed due to my anorexia."
"Suboxone is a miracle pill -- it saved my life!  Withdrawal symptoms immediately disappear and very little side effects."
"I&#039;ve used NoDoz plenty of times in the past and would highly recommend to those the need a midday/afternoon energy boost for work or study.

I would usually only take one tablet a day when I do use NoDoz and usually within 30min-1hrs I start to feel the results, keeps me awake, focused and energetic while on the job. 

There are some negatives with NoDoz though:
-if you take them too often their effectiveness starts to wear off e.g you will still feel tired and not alert but you won&#039;t be able to sleep.

-NoDoz can interrupt your sleep and keep you awake during the night

-would alway recommended having plenty of water while using NoDoz otherwise you may start to feel dehydrated and may lead to headaches"
"I have to say that these pills are a miracle when it comes to pain. The reason I wanted to post my review of Percocet is because of the very, very, vivid dreams. I actually just woke up and had a dream that scared me half to death. I really and truly thought that I saw my wife cheating with another man I could not believe it, you guys have no idea how REAL it felt. So just letting you guys know."
"I was taking Celexa for 6 years. It didn&#039;t work for me like it once did. I&#039;m 44, hormones are changing. Started Lexapro 4 weeks ago. No side effects, happy and feeling very positive, normal. Once in awhile, I feel angry, but yoga takes my anger away quickly."
"I went to a weightloss clinic on Tuesday June2nd . I have been battling my weight for years ( ever since I had 4 kiddos) I&#039;m 5&#039;5 and my starting weight was 184.4 lbs I started the script the same day that I had it filled and as of today Friday June 5th I am down to 177lbs ! This is absolutely unreal! 7lbs in 3days ! 
 I have had slight insomnia , constipation and crazy dry mouth all of which are easily solved . a lil melatonin for sleep , cascara sagrada for constipation and tons of water for dry mouth . I can&#039;t wait to see where I am at the end of june !!!"
"I had one shot for PSA ,Psoriasis and it looks like I have gotten stung by a thousand bees and my psoriasis is worse six weeks after my shot. Needless to say I did not get the second shot. Worst drug reaction that I have ever had."
"Was prescribed this for suspected strep throat. I had a fever so the doctor went ahead and prescribed this to me. 

First day I had loose stools and nausea. This continued until the fifth day I had severe muscle pain and a severe headache. It was a struggle to just walk to the bathroom. Right now I have watery diarrhea and stomach cramps. Earlier today I had fever and severe body chills. Over the counter pain meds have not made a dent. Last night I was tossing &amp; turning in pain, and got very little sleep. 

Cure worse than the cause! I&#039;ve tolerated many other antibiotics very well in the past, and I will never allow my doctor to prescribe this to me again."
"Diabetic for 7 years.  Started with Metformin only.  Then added Starlix with meals.  Small improvement with post-prandials.  Exchanged the Starlix with glimepiride.  Have been on glimepiride for 2 and a half years with meals.  Does not prevent my spikes but does pull them down within a short time. The sudden drop makes me feel low when I am just &quot;dropping&quot; FAST into the normal range.  The problem is the time it remains in effect will cause me to be low (50;s) during the night while sleeping if I take with last meal of day.  Without it, I skyrocket after eating and slowly come down.  My doctor is taking me off of glimepiride because of the lows while sleeping and will put me on another med.  My A1C&#039;s have been climbing over the past year."
"Big mistake taking my first Claritin D 24 at  7PM for sinus pressure from using a nasal decongestant the day before and getting a rebound effect of clogged breathing passages. Didn&#039;t sleep a wink all night!! My nasal passages are wide open though, so it works. However, insomnia is a real pain. It&#039;s 6AM and I feel like it should be 1AM bedtime. I&#039;ll be struggling through the day today. Restless In Philly."
"This is the only antidepressant that has worked to help my depression. Others have helped with anxiety, but not for depression. The side effects are as listed, but are manageable and, in my case, have gone away two weeks into 40mg titration."
"I&#039;m in UK and had to buy this myself, my last hope before considering surgery. I&#039;ve been taking 0.6mg daily for 5 days and began doing 20 minutes on my exercise bike each morning. I&#039;ve lost 6lbs already. I&#039;m eating healthy small meals and have no hunger at all. It&#039;s amazing. To keep the cost down for me I am going to see how long I can get benefit from 0.6mg. I&#039;m highly motivated and I think this drug is finally telling my brain that I can do this!"
"felt the familiar symptoms of a stone.  doctor said it was 4 mm.  gave me flowmax. I had symptoms of the stone for about 3 days.  Took one flowmax pill, and within 8 hours the stone passed.  My past experience was to have two stones stick and require surgery.  Was it the flowmax, or would it have passed on its own?  Who knows....for now I am a believer!"
"I have had acne since I was 12 (I&#039;m 21 now) and this did not clear me up completely but my acne is definitely better, they aren&#039;t as big, or painful, less cystic acne. The first week it I was very emotional and nauseous but when it passed everything was fine. I also did not gain weight nor did my hair get thinner, or I don&#039;t notice because I have naturally thick, curly hair. I do recommend Ortho Tri Cyclen."
"Been on this for 3 months. Yes it does diminish the pain, but feel terrible by the side effects. Get mood swings, hot flashes, acne and if that&#039;s not bad enough weight gain. It&#039;s like you are a whole new person and not a very nice one. I have also been feeling very depressed. I only have one more month until my surgery so I&#039;m trying to stick it out. Best of Luck ladies."
"Perhaps the lack of eating too much contributes to some of the good results. People underestimate the importance of good diet and activeness!"
"Been on Victoza for a month.  Nil side affects. Weight is down 8 pds.  Cravings gone.  Perfect drug but still not seeing better glucose, still running in 200s.  Hope the second month brings better control."
"This medication was awful. My numbers were never very good with this medication but I gave it a chance to work. It landed me in the hospital. I couldn&#039;t urinate cause my kidneys were failing. I do not recommend this medication at all!!!"
"Good "
"first dose .75 of Trulicity is my last. Only able to work 1 day out of 8. Doctor really downplayed the side effects. Vomiting every day, can&#039;t eat (or keep down any food), diarrhea is consistency of water.
Absolutely a HATEFUL drug!"
"I have high pressure in my head from a brain injury last year. Morphine won&#039;t touch what Dilaudid can. It has worked great for my headaches which they say is the worst head pain ever experienced. So anyway a lot of narcotics will give me rebound pain but this one does not. Only side effects if not given with Zofran, it makes me vomit."
"Cymbalta, unfortunately, did not work for my general anxiety disorder.  I took it for two months.  The worst part was that it made me feel nothing and my other medications less effective.  The good part was that it made my frequent urination decrease--probably because it made a lot of me feel numb including my bladder."
"The taste?  Cough syrup and ipecac.   The flavor of this medicine makes me gag, tears spring to my eyes, and I got down 5 small gulps before vomiting.  Finishing it or the second bottle are unfeasible.

Have to reschedule and find an alternative; my body won&#039;t allow it."
"It is super expensive. I&#039;ve used it one year now for four toenails. I helped one nail somewhat. Three toenails are still having the problem. NOT a success. Pure rip off to make money"
"I took Loestrin Fe 24 for 8 months, and while my acne certainly improved and my period was lightened, that&#039;s about the only compliments I can give this medicine. I took my pill every day at the same time. Rarely was I ever late in taking it. Despite all that, my libido decreased exponentially, I had two small periods during the month and experienced radical mood swings (feelings of anger, depression and anxiety). To those of you who have had a good experience with this pill, I&#039;m happy for you. "
"I have been on 2.5mg of Bystolic for 3 months now.  I found this forum searching to see if others feel tired and sleepy from this drug.  It worked for me right away but now I am ready to head to bed at 9:00 and never have a problem falling asleep.  If I am not active during the day I feel tired.  It&#039;s lowered my heart rate while running and my 8:30- 8:45 per minute miles are now 9:30-10:00.  My cardiologist says that if it becomes unbearable he can find an alternative.  Not sure what I am going to do as the drug is doing it&#039;s job with my BP."
"I am a 38 year old female who has lupus, asthma, and chronic bronchitis. After 2 months of violent coughing fits at night I was prescribed Tussionex Pennkinetic. The coughing ceased immediately, as did the pain, and I could finally breathe! It did cause itching, strong drowsiness (a plus because I was sleep deprived) and dry mouth, but it was absolutely worth it."
"So I took plan b one step after the condom broke which was November 21 I took it 1 hour after and I was hoping and hoping it would work because it was one of my fertile days before ovulation. After I took it I looked at the reviews about it on here and I was feeling more calm about knowing it worked on people. So all I could really do is wait till my period came. I was so devastated the pill didn&#039;t work because 3 days later I felt like I was ovulating since I got a lot of discharge. But I had to wait since my period was to come December 8. I had no symptoms at all except a lot of discharge. After 2 weeks my period came 1 day early on December 7. So I was relieved that Plan b one step WORKS! Don&#039;t stress a lot it works just be patient "
"As I was reading reviews wondering when this kicks in, it happened. Took 10oz in the afternoon and again in evening for colonoscopy prep, didn&#039;t drink enough water, and only made 1 movement. Thought &quot;30 min to 6 hours til it works? Did I do it wrong? It&#039;s been almost 12.&quot; Yes, I did. I didn&#039;t drink enough water afterwards. Drink lots of water! I woke up at 2am and didn&#039;t trust a fart. Tummy gurgling, sitting down, browsing the net, and boom. You&#039;ll pee out your butt with this, no joke. Give it time and it&#039;ll take anywhere from 30 mins to 6 hours to kick in, possibly 12 if you&#039;re me and didn&#039;t drink water after. Got it for 97 cents in cherry, grape, and lemon flavor. They all taste like super sour candy and it helps to take with Gatorade."
"I was prescribed the 0.5mg tabs for anxiety and panic attacks. I have only been taking them for a few days now but they definitely do calm me down. The only side effects I get are a little sleepiness and a slight headache.

I don&#039;t think the 0.5mg tab would be enough for a full on panic attack, I think I would need to take 3 or 4 of them. My only problem with these pills is that sometimes it takes 2 or 3 hours for it to fully kick in."
"I have been taking trazodone for generalized anxiety disorder, some insomnia and mild depression for 40 days. This medicine helps me a lot for anxiety and insomnia but not too much for the mild depression. I think thanks to trazodone I got girlfriend because I felt relaxed more confident of myself and ideas come easily. I don&rsquo;t have important side effect just mild ones like getting some nights hard painful erections that makes me worry to get a priamism but finally it doesn&rsquo;t happen. Sometimes I feel a little sleepy and I experienced a little down in my libido but I am not sure this last one is caused by trazodone, anyway the benefits are over these mild side effects."
"Was given this medication for cold sores which had gone down into my throat thanks to having a weak immune system from Lupus. This needs to be tested on viral bronchitis. I had a cold sore starting as the symptoms of viral bronchitis started so began taking the med yesterday (day 5 of cold) and took my first dose right at 24 hours ago. Im still very tired and feel a little feverish but my nose and chest are 90% better. My mom has had this cold/virus for 14 days and still fighting it, I have lupus so every cold takes me weeks to overcome. Im sure the med is helping with my cold."
"I have been taking Latuda for about three weeks now for bipolar II.  I don&#039;t suffer too badly from it, mostly slight depression and irritability. Started week one on 40 mg and was still slightly depressed but not cranky. Upped it to 80 mg and am feeling sunshiny again. Positive attitude is back, interest in things, no longer cranky, more focused, more outgoing. The only MAJOR problem is I am sleepy all the time! I tried taking it at dinner, bedtime, and lunch. I pass out out at 8:30 at night, can&#039;t get up in the morning and fight to stay awake at my desk at work. I have read lots of other posts that people have said it passes after a month or so, I really hope so because otherwise its a great med. No other side effects for me."
"Had this for a skin/ wound infection. Took 3 into the course and felt so awful had to ask for different ones. Dizzy, out of it/ woolly headed, nauseous, bad taste in mouth, everything tastes awful, farty and generally a horrible experience. It makes sense about feeling terrible due to it killing bacteria in the body but I never want to take it again."
"So I was a lil weary when I was prescribed this. I had tried a bunch of other &quot;Clinical Strength&quot; products and nothing really worked. But I gave it a go anyway. I have to say I&#039;m amazed. The first night I used too much and it burned, but the next day I had not a drop of sweat under my arm. Nothing....dry as a bone. I am so glad, this medicine is like a miracle to me."
"Gained weight from the depo shot. Went from 110 to 173 in 9 months! I&#039;m 22 and only 5&#039;2 &amp; 1/2. I have done everything. Countless gym memberships, fad diets, personal trainers and programs like Weight Watcher and It Works. I went from 173 to 123 from tons of different methods over the course of a year and a half to two. Now, a few months ago the doctor put me back on Celexa. I went from 123 to 143 within a month and a half.. Not happy after all of my hard work. I&#039;ve already worked my butt off to lose weight, lost what I wanted to and then gained 20 back from another medication. My doctor understood my frustration and started me on Belviq August 1st. August 7th.. I am down 5.4 pounds!!! I walk 2 miles a night, only drink water. Love it!!!!!"
"Not as effective as Xanax or Klonopin."
"Been on 40mg of Fetzima for about 3 months and love it! So helpful for mood and energy. I also have increased sex drive and zero cravings, hence, inevitable weight loss. 40mg is the only dose I have taken, so my experience might be different if dose was higher or lower. This drug reminds me of Wellbutrin (which is NDRI), but slightly less stimulating. 
Cons: still brand name only, so can be expensive depending on where you live and insurance situation. Also, Fetzima is only approved to treat depression, so no improvement in anxiety symptoms. Vistaril helps with this, especially if you or your doctor are hesitant about benzos."
"I know that people read these reviews with doubt. I am also aware what works for one won&#039;t always work for another.

Based on my own experience this cream has been amazing. I had, for months, persistent redness and lesion type marks on my cheek and they have dramatically cleared up since going on this cream a month ago. It&#039;s important to say I am using an anti-biotic (tetralysal) too but as I understand it (not that I am claiming great knowledge), it would take months for the anti-biotic to really kick in. On that basis I am attributing the immediate improvement to the cream. 

I am from Ireland and the cream is dear c. &euro;40 but to be honest I&#039;d have paid more for the improvement! I genuinely hope this helps someone else!"
"HPV base of penis about 15+ yrs ago. 7 to 8 warts ranging in size from small dot like this &quot;.&quot; to 2 to 3 mm further out from base. 1st had liquid N2 applied.. came back w/in 6 months.

Prescribed Aldara (new on market at the time &amp; I don&#039;t think the side effects were well or widely known?)

I was told small amount once /day, 14 days.  

By the evening of the 2nd day fever-
chills started. Application site was irritated. Day 5 was  AGONY. Felt as if skin, including scrotum had been peeled off! (didnt put it there). Fever, achy (immune response in high gear!)

Stopped treatment, pain continued to worsen 2 days.  2 weeks to heal....BUT HPV COMPLETELY GONE 15+ yrs.

 I would recommend stop @ 1st sign of irritation, wait, apply again, stop, etc"
"Loved this birth control! I never had spotting or breakthrough bleeding during the 3 months of active pills. So nice to not have a monthly period. The only reason I&#039;m switching is because my acne has gotten really bad because of stress."
"30. Male. I was completely lethargic and I had pretty bad anxiety. I always stressed about job assignments at work and rarely ever wanted to leave my room at home. I had no energy and I frequently called into work. I thought I had low testosterone so I had some bloodwork done, my doctor prescribed me lexapro 10mg in the meantime and I felt my anxiety and depression just disappear. I remember the moment I knew the medication was working when I was sitting on my porch feeling glad to be alive for once, enjoying the weather and just smiling. I feel like my old self before the crazy depression. Yawning and diarrhea is annoying. But I&#039;ll take that to enjoy little pleasures in life again."
"I have been on ativan for 15 years%u2026 started at 1mg and was gradually increased to 4mg. The medication only numbs things the anxiety never went away, and after I started taking I started getting other symptoms like OCD, social anxiety, depression and others 

I should never have trusted the Dr and should have researched the drug before taking. I will never again just take anything without researching it. I am slowly tapering it off, the withdrawals are a nightmare but staying on this medication which should be banned is not an option. This medication was never intended to be prescribed longer then a few weeks. Drs and drugstores are completely to blame right beside the drug companies. They all know it%u2019s poison."
"I just got my Skyla inserted yesterday, and I, like most girls, psyched myself out beforehand by reading a ton of horrible stories about it. I went in with a bad mindset. I also got scheduled to have it inserted on the first day of my period, which is not what I wanted to do. They recommend insertion during your period, but usually not the first day. So I had absolutely terrible cramps to begin with. I have to say, the insertion process was definitely the worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced in my entire life. I&#039;m 21, no children, and have been on the pill since I was about 18. If I could suggest anything, don&#039;t have it inserted on the first day of your period, if you have terrible cramps like I do. I got terribly sick and almost passed out."
"Age 63. I developed pneumonia from a respiratory infection passed on from my wife the school teacher.
Once a day Levaquin knocked out the pneumonia in 5 days and an x-ray on day 7 my lungs were clear.
On day 9 I developed tendonitis in my shoulder replacement that had been in place for 3 years. 
I was prescribed a  high power NSAID by the orthopedic surgeon.  After 3 weeks. I turned out fine."
"I have been taking Apri for one month now and I absolutely love it! No side effects or weight gain or anything! It was my first pill ever taken and I&#039;m so happy there are no complications. I recommend it to anyone! Excellent choice!"
"I don&#039;t see a difference in thoughts or feelings."
"I told myself if it worked I was going to write a review, because I know how scared I was and I came here for comfort. I had unprotected sex with a guy I wasn&#039;t even dating, around the beginning of July. I took the pill less than 12 hours after the incident happened. A week after I took the pill, I got a period for around 5 days, heavy, brown, but with no cramps. It described implant bleeding almost to closely, so I grew even more scared!!! I had slight breast tenderness around the time aswell but nothing other than that. I just got my period yesterday, almost a full month after I missed my original period date. DON&#039;T freak out if your period is more than a week late, mine was nearing 4 weeks late before it finally came. Stay hopeful! "
"I have been taking this medication for about 8 months.  My skip beats have been significantly reduced.  I have not had any fainting spells, and my quality of life has also improved tenfold.  My cardio just cut my dose in half because of my kidneys I think.  I just hope they don&#039;t take me off of it, it has made such a big difference in my life."
"I weighed 207 when i started. I took it for about a month. I lost 13 lbs. I was never hungry. Just took my large food cravings right away. But it took my short term memory right with i.  It was kinda  scarey. I had to stop taking it . I could not work safely because i was just too forgetful while taking this. The weight came back faster than it came off And gained even more weight. But I ate like I did before taking this drug soon as i stopped taking it."
"My face was actually looking pretty good for a while. I wanted to totally clear my face so I got on proactiv MD with adapalene gel 1%. So far it has only made my face break out more. I&rsquo;ve been using it for about 3 weeks now. What should I do?"
"My wife gets urinary tract infections frequently due to a catheter and 10 days on Levaquin takes care of it. This drug is great."
"Just started taking Trintellix 4 days ago. No nausea, I have had headaches but that&#039;s kinda a common thing for me, so not sure its the med. But my whole reason for getting on here was to see what people had to say about any side effects of dreams. Many dreams all in one night, and none of them are good. I stopped taking VYBRID because of insomnia. Now with this medicine So far its crazy dreams. I&#039;m hoping this is only temporary. No changes in my anxiety and depression yet.....so I guess I will wait and see as usual."
"I tried other medications for RA before trying Enbrel and they either did not work for me or had side effects that I couldn&#039;t handle. Without Enbrel I would likely be disabled. That said, the cost of this medication without employer-provided insurance is completely unaffordable.The recent changes to the Enbrel Sureclick autoinjector (circa 2016, maybe 2015) are terrible. As another user mentioned below, the button on the old injector would go off easily once it was up against your skin. Now it is harder to push and harder to predict - you can go through several rounds of psyching yourself up for the injection only to have the autoinjector not go off each time. Frustrating!!"
"Worst medication ever. Ruined my health. It&#039;s chemical lobotomy."
"After trying 8 different smoking cessation meds, 5 of them prescription only, my doctor put me on Nicotrol Nasal Spray. It is the only medicine that has ever worked for more than a month. Best thing is, my insurance company has a policy of NO CO-PAY for prescription smoking cessation medications. So no cost to me whatsoever. How great is that? From a health insurance company, no less. They finally came to their senses and realized that it is much cheaper to pay a small amount up front to encourage people to quit smoking rather than pay millions on the end when long-term smokers contract cancer - prevention as opposed to treatment."
"I was not able to function on this medication. I took one half of my pill as directed. 30 mins later I was hot, felt sick, everything irritated me. I was dizzy. I had to lay on my couch for 3 hours. I will never take this again."
"Four years ago, at age 70, my doctor gave me a starter pack of Seroquel. It turned out to be the proverbial, &quot;silver bullet&quot;. I haven&#039;t had a single episode of depression or hypo-mania since I started taking it. Three noticeable side effects have occurred: 
1. I typically sleep 12 hours out of every 24 hour cycle,
2. My body fat distribution has increased my waist by 5 inches, but my weight has remained about the same,
3. Two years ago I was diagnosed as a Type 2 diabetic.
For approximately the prior 20 years I experienced several episodes each year as a &quot;rapid cycler&quot;. Dozens of drugs had been tried without much success. As a staid person when not in an episode, it is not my style to be hyperbolic in describing my personal experiences."
"I would rate this above 10 if I could.  This is the best birth control I have ever taken.  I suffer from PMDD and my time of the month without yaz I feel like I could hurt people for no reason at all, just because I didn&#039;t like the way they looked at me or what ever. Anyways Yaz has helped that out so much.  My husband is so happy with the results.  I have had no weight gain, no cramping and only 3 day periods with very little bleeding and the best part is no irritability or major mood swings."
"3/10 to help me sleep but had bad nightmares, broken sleep, felt drugged, lifeless and not motivation when I couldn&#039;t sleep any longer. Length of broken, vivid nightmare filled sleep approx 5 hrs. Throwing this Trazadone away. Days of use, only 3."
"This works wonders for me, but makes me a little nutty for awhile. Better than migraines by a long shot. They try and make it taste minty, but still a little foul tasting."
"I read all of the reviews which scared me. I even had one of my friends tell me that she went mental on the medication and to not do it. Likewise my beautician also warned me of the side effects saying she felt 10
X older and your skin should be very bad before considering it. I decided to start regardless of the reviews on the basis that I could stop if it all got too much.  
I am 29 had perfect skin all of my teenage life and gradually into my 20s I was getting huge cystic acne on my chin and cheeks. When one went away and scarred another would form and so the vicious cycle continued. 
I have had very minimum side effects! Dry lips but seriously not bad at all. Do not believe the reviews! Go on it it will
Change your life !!"
"I use Alesse and it works in that I have not gotten pregnant and that it drastically lightens my periods.  The bad thing is that ever since I started taking it 3 years ago I&#039;ve been tired all of the time.  Morning, noon and night!  It&#039;s getting worse so I&#039;m going to stop taking this pill.  I want my life back."
"My daughter is 8. She started on Concerta over a year ago, didn&#039;t work long enough. The doctor started her on Intuniv for ADHD and Lexapro for depression. After about 3 weeks it was working great. She calmed down, started doing her school work AND homework. The worst side effect she has is dry mouth. I think if I can get that under control she will be great."
"I have had severe lower back pain for many years. I have 2 bulging disc, 1 ruptured disc which causes paralysis and severe pain in my left leg, degenerative disc, arthritis and a small deformity on my lower spine and I&#039;m only 40 years old. I&#039;m on the couch and unable to walk a lot of the time. The pain was so severe. The doctor put me on Cymbalta and referred me to a neurosurgeon. The neurosurgeon finally said they would do surgery to fuse my lower back. I have been on Cymbalta for a little over 3 months now and I&#039;m pain free. I have canceled my surgery.  I have my life back. Love it."
"Didn&#039;t work for me. 18 years old and had sex with my boyfriend then he came in me. Took the pill about 11 hours after and missed my period that was supposed to come 2 weeks later. 1 month later and I took a test to find out I was pregnant."
"This is the only anti depressant I&#039;ve ever been on and I&#039;ve been on it for about 4 months now I&#039;ve had about 4 seizures and I twitch as I&#039;m falling asleep and in my sleep I shake uncontrollably, I&#039;ve read a few reviews similar to mine only theirs were worse and have been hospitalized. I am a normal 20 year old healthy female I only suffer from depression and I&#039;m on suboxone I am switching this weekend to Zoloft I put it off for so long because when I don&#039;t have these pills I feel extreme withdrawal and my head feels crazy and brain zaps all weird I can&#039;t handle being off it so I was scared to switch. But to each their own my personal experience with it wasn&#039;t good other than twitching it works."
"After struggling with some intense bouts of anxiety and depression the past year, I knew it was time to seek help. My doctor prescribed me escitalopram at 5 mg., and I am already feeling some positive effects after 3 weeks. Before I started this medication, I was sleeping most of the day, had no motivation, isolated myself from family and friends, dreaded work, and was overall just a miserable person. No, this medication doesn&#039;t make my life perfect by any means, but I feel my moods are stabilizing and I feel more confident in myself to handle my anxiety and depression in healthier ways. I am beyond grateful for this medication, and I hope to see even more success as time passes."
"Before this I tried one mini pill and had mood swings/break outs.  Then tried combined pill (lucette) and gained weight rapidly-even went up a cup size in a week.  As a result, I felt depressed because of my weight gain.  I then tried the IUD, intercourse felt like being stabbed internally and I had bleeding everyday for four months with flesh clots.  Although my gp claimed this wasn&#039;t because of the IUD, they eventually removed it due to an ovarian cyst.  Within days all side effects stopped, but my gp put me on Cerelle, which made me have insane mood swings and depression.  This is the first pill with no side effects other than light breakthrough bleeding every few months."
"Not bad, few side affects of blury vision and headaches but on the plus side they&#039;ve worked so!"
"Tried the generic version after a few rotations of Ambien.  The only thing I disliked about Ambien was the weird loopiness I&#039;d get.  Read over some journal entries I wrote on Ambien and it definitely freaked me out.  I didn&#039;t notice a weird metallic taste when I took Lunesta.  The sleepiness also didn&#039;t hit me as hard as with Ambien, but it definitely peaked after about an hour and I knew it was time for bed.  Woke up fine, no headache and no weird journaling. So all in all a good experience and will likely ask for this instead of Ambien in the future."
"I had loose almost diarrhea stools for almost three months after a trip to Florida.  I began to seriously worry, so before going to a doctor took a dose (2 pills) of Imodium.  I returned to normal in 2 days and have had no problem since.  One dose fixed a 3 month long problem!  Read the directions.  It said to take a second dose after a second event of loose stools.  I might have taken another dose that night after the first if I had read read the instructions carefully.  I suspect some of the reviewers who had stomach pains might have done that, because I had NO discomfort.  Just an almost miraculous immediate return to normal movements.  Thank you makers!"
"Diagnosed with fibromyalgia I went to my doctors to discuss further help in dealing with the pain, and was immediately given Cymbalta 30 mg., no talk about my Estroven that I was taking for menopause, nothing. Found relief first two days, immediately as directed and found through the course of 3 weeks, the following interactions, irritability, more pain than ever before, which forced me to take more pain pills to combat the pain, and then finally a rash, then difficulty speaking, then finally the ultimate was massive confusion. Please be careful to those who are taking homeopathic medicines, and trying to help themselves with Fibromyalgia.  Be your own ADVOCATE and do the RESEARCH first...don&#039;t be a stastic like I almost was."
"Started taking Byetta three weeks ago, no real problems associated with it other than constipation which I hate. I have never ever had this problem in my life. My numbers went up a few points the first week but on the second week has been at 100-140. I can live with that, better than the 200-300 I was at with pills. Not eating as much lost 5 pounds so far and I don&#039;t get as hungry as often as I did. So far it&#039;s working."
"Prescribed, use 12 on, 12 off. Used with oxycodone. Not effective, in addition patch doesn&#039;t adhere well, adhesive not strong enough to keep it in place w/o having to tape down patch. 
Would not recommend this patch."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about  two years and my experience has been positive. I feel happier, more comfortable in my skin, less irritable, mentally sharper than I&#039;ve ever been. It&#039;s been very effective!  The only downsides have been sex drive and some inconsistency in it&#039;s effects.  Sometimes I feel as though the potency of the medicine can vary month to month. 
Last year I tried to slowly come off of it over a two month period. Unfortunately, all the symptoms started coming back. It was a reminder of how hard life was before this medicine. I wish all of you the best."
"I have really bad insomnia which is triggered by my depression &amp; anxiety. My shrink gave me this medicine &amp; I sleep like a baby. The thing is I started having these dreams &amp; they feel so real. But I thought this was only me until I started reading other reviews. I have to have at least 8hrs to sleep or then I&#039;m rather groggy. I&#039;m happy for the sleep because I was up for 36 hrs at a time."
"My Testosterone was 47 and I&#039;m 39. I feel no power and always tired.  Before the Androderm I was on Testosterone Cypionate injections. With in 250 for every two weeks my test on Testosterone was going to 1200 total after three months. Fill great, no side effects and all my fat is gone, looks more skinny and muscular. With the Androderm 4 mg I can say it works probably less then half. No side effects but I see more fat again on my budy and no power. Please give me my injections back."
"I lasted less than 3 weeks on Movantik my provider recommend! I ended up at up at ER because of the severe cramping, violent vomiting, bloating, nausea that had occurred. I&#039;m being asked if I had ever had colitis or diverticulitis in the past which is a fat no!  They had to put me on an IV bc of the dehydration. I&#039;ve been off Movantik for a while and my GI is still irritated. Huge disappointment but I&#039;d rather give natural birth to more children because it was a breeze compared to the experience I had with Movantik! Now it appears I have to seek a GI doc to deal with the after effects of being on it!"
"I started Victoza in March 2012. I started out at 0.6, gradually worked up became too nauseated on higher dose. Went back to 0.6 and have done wonderful. At first I had no appetite at all. Slowly it came back to about half of what it was. Glad to state that I was in a 22/24 or 2x clothes. I can now wear clothes that were very snug, they are now loose. I am buying xl shirts. I would suggest everyone that needs diabetic medication. It is a little up and down at first but it levels out. People are walking up to me and asking me what I am doing to lose weight and all I can say is it is a bonus of my diabetic medication. My A1c was 7.4 it is now 5.7 thanks to Victoza."
"I have been on propranolol since mid-January 2013. If I remember correctly, it began working within a few weeks. I am on 80mg (can&#039;t remember if I worked up to that or not, was in rehab at the time so not everything is crystal clear) and have found that my daily headaches have pretty much completely disappeared. I read that the normal dose is between 80 and 240mg, but I obviously want to be on as little as possible, especially considering possible side effects. But 80mg works for me. Rarely I get one and ibuprofen is enough to relieve it. This medicine was truly life-changing for me. I have had chronic headaches from the age of 9! Point being, if you are considering this medication to help prevent headaches, I highly recommend you try it."
"I got Hep C while I was at Bible school  in 1978 and so I never really found out how I got it. I did give blood for money in bible school ...anyways I did the Pegasus Interferon and Ribavirin combo and I was so ill it took me years to feel better. I did clear the virus but it came back with a vengeance. I was really sick at that point...I did have some mild side effects with the Harvoni like fatigue. I got my three month clear. My doctor feels that I will not have to deal with this again. I do have cirrhosis of the liver even though I have been a health nut all these years. I am thankful that the pharma industry gave us a cure. Thank you."
"Was given this pill by my doc for insomnia. I took the pill at 10:30 pm, was very drowsy by 11:15 pm but was also unable to fall asleep. The severe drowsiness lasted about 2 hours, yet I was unable to sleep. I got up to move around until I thought I could sleep, and felt off balance and mentally a bit out of it. Finally fell asleep at about 1:30 am, and woke at 7:30 am feeling awful. Still at 9 am I feel a bit out of it, but most of all I am absolutely exhausted. The sleep wasn&#039;t good, in fact it was a terrible experience. I will not take this ever again."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for almost 24 hours now. the only issue i am having is bad stomach cramps along with diarrhea so hopefully that stops in the next few days. I don&#039;t want to get my hopes up just yet but I have noticed that the urgency &amp; frequency has decreased for me."
"Two attempts at treatment for fibromyalgia with Lyrica. Both had similar outcomes, in that the &quot;cure&quot; was worse than the illness. Side effects were overwhelming from the onset: increased fatigue, terrifying anxiety, tremors. In addition, this drug&#039;s efficacy was zero. I received no positive effects from Lyrica and discontinued use. Side note: I need to learn about illnesses that affect me and medications that I take or are offered to me. Doctors may mean well, but I need to know how they affect ME, not just what is printed in a package insert. And if a doc is not right for me, it&#039;s time to find her replacement."
"Best I&#039;ve had for insomnia."
"I went on this because of extreme anxiety/insomnia and it did the trick right away at 10mg/day. Be careful drinking too much alcohol. I went off it after 2.5 years and was fine for several years.
Then I lost my job and house and moved away and fell into a deep depression. So I went back on citalopram and it helped the depression quite well. After 2 years on it, I had my first hypo-manic episode which lasted 4 months nearly destroying my life. I quit the medicine midway through this period. I guess I&#039;m bipolar 2. A few months later, severe depression started again and I went back on it. This time I could only handle 5mg/day and I was still sleeping 14 hours a day. Citalopram stopped working for me over time and probably doesn&#039;t work for bipolar 2 depression."
"This works. Fast. I did take a suggestion and add a packet of flavored drink powder but it was so foul, I&#039;m not sure it made any difference. I struggled with nausea during the first liter, so for the second liter, I poured the swill into a chilled stainless steel measuring cup and slammed it. Gawds bless all of us who have to drink MoviPrep!"
"I have been on Lamictal for about two months. Yes, I have some side effects dry mouth, double vision sometimes when I blink it goes away, joint and muscle pain and now I think acne. I take 300mg during the day. 200mg at night. I also take gabapentin for muscle aches and joint pain which really helps! I also take Klonopin when necessary I am prescribed for half twice a day and one at night but don&#039;t need it. I have a ton of energy and lost weight food no longer is my priority. I exercise daily and feel fantastic! I do have anger issues I have always has that. I am in therapy also. I think and feel like a different person so the side effects far outweigh going off medicine! Good luck."
"I have been on Cymbalta for about 5 years and it really helps with depression and anxiety and has few side effects for me.  The only one I notice is that orgasm is more difficult, but this could be due to menopause as well.  I am so thankful for this drug and hope it never stops working."
"When I went to the doc, I had been experiencing the UTI for like a day before. A week before that, I actually had one, but my grandmother gave me cephalexin (one every 12 hrs for 2 days) and it seemed to work.. But since it was only enough for two days, I guess it decided to come back. My doc tested me for a UTI and gave me this sulfa drug, and it worked for one day. Thats it. I&#039;ve read these reviews and if you go see the doc, ask him/her about taking your urine sample to a lab. My doc told me to do this so she could use the results to put me on an antibiotic that targets the exact bacteria my body is dealing with. This sulfa drug is the general drug. I highly recommend getting the lab test in case the sulfa prescription doesn&#039;t work for you."
"I was in a vehicle accident and had a Toradol injection for pain in my back muscles. I experienced the severe side effects of blurred vision, nausea, and dizziness (I felt like at any moment I would pass out) about 2 hours after the injection. My hips also hurt for about 8 hours after the injection. My back pain has lessened, so the medication worked, but it is now on my list of allergies."
"I&#039;d taken Amoxil before and had no reaction to it, but apparently you can develop an allergic reaction to this medicine. The doctor prescribed this along with a new allergy medicine so it took about three days before the allergy medicine couldn&#039;t fight off the reaction that I (up until that point) didn&#039;t realize I was having to Amoxil.  It started with swollen spots in the back of my throat before I went to bed.  My roommates mother is a nurse and told me to take extra Benadryl which is probably what saved me because by 4am I had to go to the emergency room because my throat was swelling closed and I only had a small airway left.  The good thing was that this reaction took place over several hours and could EASILY be treated."
"It took almost 8 months but it finally started to work.  My periods were so heavy I would go thru a tampax ultra in less than an hour and have to stay home during my periods. I would have to get up several times during the night. I would bleed some months for 30  days even on the Beyaz.  My last two months I have bleed less than three days and can use a lite tampax it took a while but I am so happy I stuck with it.  No weight gain either!!!!"
"My migraines are mild but can be long lived, some times lasting 2-3wks with nausea and light sensitivity. I used to treat them with just OTC meds but of course as soon as they wore off it came back. While pregnant I was prescribed Fioricet but headache would still come back. Then I finally got Imitrex and it makes the headache NOT come back! I do only take it at night just for the drowsiness, but no other side effects for me, and headache is gone when I wake up!"
"I have three primary headaches types and neuralgia due to lower back injury. Intractable Migraine, migraine, chronic cluster headache and sciatic neuralgia - 1st dose ramped my &#039;easy&#039; cluster headache to a 10 and my neuralgia on left side is killing me and I want to throw up. What a great freaking drug."
"This is my 4th month on Lo loestrin fe. I have to say, the first 2-3 months I wasn&#039;t a huge fan. I spotted for the first week or two, I was breaking out a little more than normal (usually I get 1-2 pimples on my chin right before my period) but this made me break out about 1 1/2 to 2 weeks into my pack:( and would only &quot;clear&quot; up for about a week before it started again. I had slight cramping, felt a little crazy and periods lasting about 3-4 days seeming no different than normal. I almost lost hope! BUT!!! I stuck it out like most doctors recommend. Month 4= no period, no mood swings, clear face all month until my sugar pills (slight breakout only), no weight gain (though I do workout everyday). Give it a shot!!"
"I am 53 years old, started having depression issues and my wife told me I had the same symptoms she had before she went on hormone therapy.  Had my testosterone checked and sure enough it was in the low range. I was about 280 which is the low end of normal but for someone my age too low. Doctor suggested injections to build it up in my system. First week I felt a difference within an hour after the shot. I felt like myself again and realized I hadn&#039;t felt this way IN YEARS. By the 4th day I started coming down, was told to get in the gym and work out which I suppose released more of the testosterone and felt better again. But by the 7th day started crashing. Just had my 2nd shot and feel great again."
"My daughter had the injection this month.It stopped her psychosis, still a little paranoia. The first ten days severe pain in neck. Also some dizziness still and balance problems she says. She took cogentin for neck. Some relief from the neck now. Another issue from blood test is high prolactin level. We will be seeing her Dr this week .Dont know if side effects worth it"
"I had my Mirena inserted 2 months ago.  I am 23 and have never had children, and the insertion pain was not too bad, actually better than my normal cramps.  I&#039;m still having very slight spotting, but no real periods since the insertion, which I&#039;m very happy about because of my painful periods with likely endometriosis. I have a little cramping still, but not bad at all, and its usually only when there&#039;s pressure on my abdomen, like when I&#039;m working out or need to have a bowel movement.  Also, I had to go on a non-estrogen form of contraception because I have migraines with auras, and I think these is a great alternative to oral contraceptive pills!  As a medical student, all the OB/GYNs I&#039;ve worked with have talked about the benefits of Mirena."
"I have been using 2 mg of clonazepam at night for over 3 year with 60 mg of fluoxetine in the morning.  I have found I feel much better than the regimen of seroquel, clonazepam, wellbutrin, fluoxetine and atarax I was previously on.  I find the clonazepam works better than tegretol, valproic acid or lithium for me.  Clonazepam has anti-seizure properties as well as anxiolytic properties that work well for me along with with the mood lift Prozac gives.  I recommend it if you have Bipolar Disorder."
"Plan B was taken Sept 15th, 1 hour after our incident when condom broke. I took the one pill and a few hours after started feeling terrible cramps. The cramps only lasted the day I took Plan B and never got them again. 2 weeks later, I got my period. This period was very light, and lasted only 4 days when normally my periods are heavy and last a whole week. I was happy I got my period but was still worried. The next month, Oct, I waited for my period. I didn&#039;t come. I missed my second period and at this point was taking pregnancy tests every week. They all were negative. On Nov 11 I got my period. So, it works! Very pleased with Plan B. But you may have a delayed period. So don&#039;t freak out. Its a side effect."
"I have been taking Firocet for years and it has been moderately effective for my migraines , which I usually have one per week. 
My Dr. last week recommended Cambia, was skeptical about it but was in agony and gave it a try. Within 45 minutes I was up and functional. Will only use in severe cases. Also very costly if you have no insurance."
"Literally a miracle drug my first time in a long time not having my extremely horrible period, best month of my life! no spotting, this is my first time using birth control. my acne is non-existent, my breast are larger which is a plus for me, and I&#039;ve lost weight in all the right places! I&#039;m so happy with this product!"
"I just found out I was positive for chylamida on 9/29/15 my doctor gave me 4 pills to take I had took them at 4:35 pm &amp; around 7:30-8pm I threw up does this mean I need to retake the medication. This is my 1st time I&#039;m really scared and all I&#039;ve read says that it does effect you if it spreads. I do plan on having a family in the future but I&#039;m scared now that I may not. Can someone please help me "
"I too have always been anti medication. I&#039;ve had extreme panic attacks for decades.  I managed to get my panic in order on my own to a degree, but due to high stress at work for a long period, it came back in the form of hypercondria. I have invented almost every illness and was spending thousands on tests to put my mind at ease.  I started getting shooting pains all over like nerve pain.  I thought it was MS, but mri said otherwise.  Doc put me on these for the pain, but secretly think she wanted to try and medicate me for anxiety, which i always refused.  
Give it a few months people.  Im only on 10 - 20 mg a night, but after these months gone past, I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m no longer obsessing on irrational thoughts. Good luck!"
"My experience was very mixed. I have to say it was effective in preventing pregnancy and not having to worry about taking a pill was wonderful. However, I spent one month on my period and sometimes one month off, usually 2-3 weeks off. That&#039;s really effective in preventing pregnancy when you&#039;re constantly on your period. Oh and the mood swings? Terrible. I couldn&#039;t even stand to be around myself. It also killed my sex drive and made me tired all the time. Just a warning to potential users. It&#039;s not all peachy and period free! Two months post removal I&#039;m finally starting to feel like myself again."
"I am a 2 year survivor  of metastatic breast disease to bone.  The injection itself is painful, but very few side effects for me.  Tiredness, pain at injection site and sore throat are most persistent side effects.  I like the fact that I only have to get it once a month."
"I use it as a birth control, but it has helped a lot with my acne. No more oily face.

Also how effective is this in regards to birth control?
So far.. no problems, no weight gain. It was difficult getting this approved by my insurance BCBS."
"I was given this as instead ofLoestrin, which I normally take. I&#039;ve been on it 2 months and it&#039;s like I have a non-stop period. They&#039;re also really heavy which they have never been in my life and my breasts get very enlarged and are so tender. I&#039;m not happy with it at all and will be using something different beginning next month."
"I am a major insomniac, I was first prescribed trazadone (first 50 mg then 100 then 200) although the 200mg gave me excessive sweating at night as a side effect, plus trazadone only helps you to get to sleep, not stay asleep. so my doc recudes traz to 100 and put me on ami 25mg

I find amitryptamine 25mg does&#039;nt help me get to sleep, the trazadone initially puts me to sleep and I find ami gives me a full nights kip without waking up alot, I&#039;d reccommend trazadone + ami together if your doctor is willing to put you on both @ same time."
"I was originally on Microgestin Fe 1/20 using it for my period and birth control, I had very few cramps and very light bleeding with no side effects. I turned 19 and lost my health insurance and can no longer afford it, so I went to the health Dept. And they put me in Orsythia, I was told it is the same thing. I have been on this medication for a month now and I have only had headaches and extreme tiredness, some problems being mad for no reason. I haven&#039;t started my period yet but I am only on the first inactive pill so we will see. Will update soon."
"I rate this medication very highly. I had no history of anxiety or depression before being struck down with severe generalised anxiety (and subsequently its bff, depression). I&#039;ve been on lexapro for 3 months now and my life is completely back to normal. If I still have side effects, they have normalised so that I no longer notice them. About a month ago I starting drinking wine again ( I got a reaction the first time, but was fine after that), and 3 weeks ago I started on coffee again (it made me hyperactive for the first week, then normalised). You just need to ease into it. Please don&#039;t give up on this med in the first week. It&#039;s a bit of a rough start but so worth it when you come through the other side."
"Without this I would never get a good night&#039;s sleep due to the aching in my legs."
"I&#039;ve got scoliosis and disc herniation. I was taking Vicoprofen 7.5/200 four times a day. It worked great. My Dr refused to write for it anymore and insisted I take Opana ER 10mg 2X daily. I went from a $15 co-pay to a $180 co-pay. The medicine seems to do OK with the pain...but the constipation!! Also, I feel very sad and somber on it."
"I&#039;ve been taking latuda 40mg for almost 2 weeks. I was feeling less depressed, my mood had stabilized but I felt a lot of anxiety, more than before I started the medicine. Looking back and thinking about where I am today, irritable, angry and feeling confused. I may be having a manic episode that the medicine may have induced."
"Although I prefer Zofran melt aways because it melts in your mouth and doesn&#039;t require you to drink anything (which can cause vomiting when your already sick) I love Phenergan! It works longer and although not as fast it works better. I use it for nausea and as a sleep aid because of side effects from other medications. It does lower your blood pressure which is a side effect I don&#039;t mind because of my constant high BP and the side effects of the BP meds.it&#039;s very effective and almost every insurance will cover the cost (zophran is rarely covered) overall I don&#039;t take it everyday but it&#039;s safe for me to say that I&#039;ve had no bad side effects from prolonged use."
"I know everyone is different but I had to have skyla removed after one week due to the pain it caused."
"Tussinex works great, yes it will make you drowsy, so don&#039;t drive. You will sleep easy though. "
"I have been on this birth control for a little over a year now. It does help menstrual cramps by a ton, but it will take a couple months before the cycle starts becoming a rhythm. I also gained a lot of weight after starting this birth control. Nearly 10 pounds over the course of the year. It also contributes to very high mood swings and anxiety, but overall these things are worth it to stop the pain that came with regular cramps. I used to have to miss school certain days when they were bad, but now I hardly notice them."
"I have taken this medicine for 4 months now due to not being able to sleep with the depression medicines I&#039;m on. Ambien works wonders. I had a few odd moments where my child found me sleep walking, just in the fridge, hungry I guess. I saw things the first time I took a whole 10 mg. I&#039;m glad others wrote reviews because my husband thought I was mental. Other then that it&#039;s been a blessing. I wake up at 6:30 every morning refreshed and brand new. I would tell anyone if you take it laying down. Don&#039;t go walk around it&#039;s meant for bedtime for a reason. It&#039;s worth a try for anyone not being able to sleep. Oh also I sleep from 9 to 6 every night. I may wake up once and I take nothing else for sleep."
"The side effects can be quite bad, the generic was the same for me as well. "
"Kerafoam worked very well for me. I had very dry skin on the heels of my feet and within a matter of 2 uses I could see a remarkable improvement. No side effects."
"Ok so I&#039;ve been on this and I don&#039;t find it bad.  I had no libido before well much of one and now I actually do. I&#039;ve had a migraine everyday almost and I feel like I&#039;m losing weight as well. So I have no issues with it yet and I&#039;m a mom to five kids and I&#039;m 29"
"I think Victoza is the best thing I could have ever tried! I&#039;ve been overweight my entire life and have been diagnosed with insulin resistance and Polycystic ovarian syndrome.  My doctor prescribed it to me to try to help me with weight loss. I used it a year ago for 4 months (0.6mg) and lost around 12 kg. I then stopped using it (its expensive to buy). My bad eating habits made me gain 5 kg&#039;s. I&#039;m on my first week of using Victoza again and already lost 2.5kg for the first week! If you really want results for weight loss, eat a healthy balanced diet. I know my body doesn&#039;t like red meat - so I&#039;m on veggies, fruits, nuts, eggs and rice products.  You are what you eat, and Victoza helps you to be able to eat healthy foods."
"Not long after taking my first dose of extra strength benylin for a persistant cold/respiratory infection, I became so dizzy I couldn&#039;t stand up and had to lie down. I closed my eyes and nodded off and woke up a while later feeling a little woozy but not dizzy. My head hurt the rest of the day. Did seem to help bringing up phlegm that afternoon. I think I would take a half dose next time."
"I was prescribed this medication by my PCP for my fibromyalgia in Feb 2016. I should have known something was wrong when I gained 7 pounds in about a week &amp;/a half &amp; I wasn&#039;t experiencing much pain relief. I continued to take it. The doses would need to be increased often &amp; I was up to 900 3x/day. I took it for over a year &amp;  was taken off of it when Lyrica was started. Lyrica didn&#039;t work out due to adverse effects. I recently started this again &amp; I&#039;ve gained 6 pounds in less than a week. I&#039;ve been extremely hungry so I&#039;ve been eating more, even though I&#039;m trying to lose weight. This medication has also made my pain/brain fog worse &amp; when you have fibromyalgia, you don&#039;t need that getting worse. Never again!"
"I took Celexa a few years back for my chronic depression.  It didn&#039;t make me feel so good so after 6 months I went off it, cold turkey, and dealt with the withdrawal symptoms of that drug (zaps!).  So when I got offered Paxil for my social anxiety and depression, and heard that there were withdrawal symptoms, I decided that if it helped, I&#039;d try it.  In just these few weeks, my friends and I have noticed a huge change.  No weight gain, more energy, upbeat and outgoing, smiley and laughing, and optimistic for the first time in...my life?  Only downfall I&#039;ve noticed so far is the crippling nausea and dizziness the first three days of taking the medicine. I feel fantastic now!"
"I have had grand mal seizures since I was 9 years old and was involved in a car accident. I have taken Dilantin for over 50 years, with good results. It has controlled my seizures pretty well until recently. I was diagnosed with COPD 2 years ago, and in that time, I have been having seizures every 3-6 months. My doctor switched me to Keppra 6 months ago, and in that time, I have had at least 1 seizure a month. I think it&#039;s time to switch back to what works."
"At first I thought Soolantra did not work, but that was only because I had another problem--due to my inhaler, which had given me a yeast infection on my face.  I got worse and worse, then solved that problem, and began Soolantra again.  It actually seems to make my skin look better on contact.  There is such a difference that I use it in the morning or just before I go out, and people have noticed.  I don&#039;t have an extreme case of rosacea, but the redness, large pores, itching and burning are responding to treatment.  I only put it on the affected areas, to conserve it, and I had some samples, so that is why I estimate only $2.00 a month.  With insurance, a tube is $60."
"My PCP prescribed this after long term use of Paroxetine was not helping all of the time. I get panic attacks often. Vomiting, pacing, crying, and hyperventilating. Ugly stuff. She prescribed Clonazepam 0.5mg as needed. I was afraid to take it, I have an addictive personality and my siblings have abused benzos in the past. However, I truly take it as needed! I split all of the pills in half. If I take one half before I do something that I know usually triggers an attack, I&#039;m good to go but I&#039;m not usually THAT lucky. If I feel an attack  coming on, I take one half. I usually wait 15-30 minutes and take the second half ONLY IF NEEDED. 

I have come to find that this has been the best thing for my anxiety in conjunction with the Paroxetine."
"Although I can&#039;t take tricyclics, I can take Remeron. I have treatment resistant depression and this is the only anti-depressant I can tolerate (I have been on every type of anti-depressant except Wellbutrin). I don&#039;t know why it works so well on me, but it saved my life. My weight had gotten down to 112lbs (I&#039;m 5&#039;7) and I looked like a corpse. I&#039;ve been on it for a good 8 years or so and it still helps me sleep. The hunger side effect subsided for the most part...a good thing because I gained too much weight back at first, then leveled out at 130lbs. Some of my family have tried it and it knocks them out for the night and next day. Also, they&#039;ve complained of a &quot;hangover feeling&quot; after they wake up. Many doctors told me it&#039;s a good medicine."
"I have been on Klonopin for over a decade with success from my previous anxiety, frustration and anger feelings. I rate this medication a nine because alone it&#039;s not 100% (it&#039;s used in adjunct with counseling and Sertraline). I take 2mg &quot;in the morning&quot; and the only side effect for me, is feeling like me again; relaxed, confident, alert and in control. The dosage is too much for most but for me (with a high tolerance) it keeps me in control. I have heard of some that use it successfully for insomnia; not me. Its long lasting properties allow that I take it with breakfast and coast all day/night on it. I never notice an effect from it, until I don&#039;t take it: Then the anxiety, indecision with tiredness reappears. So I&#039;m on it for life, and that&#039;s okay."
"I am 33, and have been suffering with toenail fungus and athlete&#039;s feet for over ten years.  I have tried everything OTC with no results on the nails and good results on the atrial fibrillation but it always came back.  Like many of you I don&#039;t go out often with open toed shoes unless I wear socks.  I am in my first 30 days of Lamisil and I can already tell a difference in my atrial fibrillation, not quite sure about toenails yet it&#039;s too early to tell.  So far no side effects."
"On its effectiveness, I rate it a 10, because it will completely eradicate all your allergy symptoms. However, the undesirable side effects lower the rating to a 3. It will keep you up ALL NIGHT LONG. It also made me jittery and nervous, as if I&#039;d drank a dozen cups of coffee. "
"The Mirlax  is really easy for me to use. Very effective. The reason for posting is I was wondering if there was a way for a person like myself who has used this puduct for many years... could have a more easier way of pouring it into a water bottle for example. Much like Crystal light packets but in a way so it does not copy Crystal light company&#039;s companies  idea. Yet is still effective for people who have a hard time pouring the medicine themselves without making huge mess. Thank you very much."
"Suffered over a decade with neck   radiating, low back into right foot, headaches on occasion. Herniation at c3/4/5, severe progressed degeneration c5/6. Neck Shots to Right elbow, tingles to three Right fingers (Erbsy Palsy). I finally changed lifestyle, organic, white meats. In proper time, down 4 waist sizes over 8-10 months, after 2 months body reset. Cured lower back pain to only a nuisance not &#039;problem&#039;, changed bloods to excellent from the brink of disaster. This is the only medication, other than Valium, I can tolerate in class. In disbelief this worked in day 2. Was a slight confusion, minor dizzy 1st day, ALL side effects went away 1st week. I highly suggest you try this medication. I am skeptical and still suggest this one. Great find."
"Works better than Oxycontin. I have chronic chest pain from pluracy and this medicine allows me to be pain free most of the time. Recently I ran out for 3 days and I had terrible withdrawal symptoms. I have been on it for 2 years and I don&#039;t abuse it. I only take 1/2 a pill about 6 or 7 times a day to decrease the sleepiness. It like all other controlled drugs is a double edged sword so be careful of withdrawal. "
"I am a young and very ctive woman - I&#039;ve had numerous bladder and kidney infections which have weekened my urethra - I started off with the patches but I ended up getting a severe reaction to the sticky stuff, so I&#039;ve now been taking 5mg tab for a year and the difference is amazing, I am back to my full fitness without weeing myself. The only side effect I get is a really dry mouth, but that&#039;s better than nothing."
"I had Implanon inserted in May of 2009. I was a little scared at first because I was reading all the side effects and reviews. I absolutely LOVE the Implanon Birth Control. I had not weight gain, no mood swings, and no acne.  When I first got it I bleed regularly for about 6 months. It stopped, but since year 2 of me having it, I have had a regular period monthly that only last about 5 days. It is very, very effective...(believe me, it has been proven several times). I would recommend this to anyone that still wants kids, but wants them a little spread out in years."
"I have used Ambien for 6 years. It worked very well all the time before they introduced the generic brands. The generics are NOT the same as the original and do not produce the same results. They leave me hung over and each manufacturer has his own brew thus are unpredictable in how they will perform. I have offered to pay the difference to get the real Ambien but with no success. Sure wish this wasn&#039;t so expensive."
"This is a magical medicine! Had a very bad bladder infection and couldn&#039;t get out of the bathroom! After 2 doses I had COMPLETE relief! Turns your urine highlighter orange but it&#039;s so worth it! I don&#039;t know how I ever got through a urinary tract infection without it!"
"I&#039;ve been on Xulane on and off as my postpartum method of birth control. I don&#039;t experience bloating, weight gain, rashes or nausea which is good. However, I noticed that after wearing a patch for 3 days to a week, I start to get yeast infection symptoms. I&#039;ve gotten about three yeast infections while using Xulane. It works, I just wish it wouldn&#039;t give me an uncomfortable infection. I used to use the Orthro Evra patch which is 20x better and by far the best patch in my opinion."
"I took this medication for a little over a year. The first month I was extremely nauseous and had terrible cramps but they went away. It cleared my acne for a couple months but about 6 months into I had cystic acne all around my mouth and forehead. I also found myself crying for no reason and was extremely moody...especially before and after my period. I would not recommend taking this. The only positive out of it was that it cleared my acne for a short period of time."
"I started taking Cymbalta Time Release (for Major Depressive Disorder and Anxiety) before bedtime at 11 p.m., 2 nights ago. I felt fine that night, until the next morning. I started feeling very nauseous and sick, (which I have a severe phobia to vomiting), I started sweating, chills, dizzy feeling, which threw me into a severe panic attack, which made me feel even more nauseous, which made my panic attack last longer. I couldnt calm myself down. I felt like I was in a nightmare!  I didnt start feeling any better until about 8 pm that evening. Its been 2 days since ive taken Cymbalta and im still experiencing major panic attacks 3-4 x&#039;s a day with nausea and vomiting. I wish i had never taken that medicine now!"
"After reading all the horror stories I wanted to cancel procedure so thought I&#039;d share my experience. Honestly NOT THAT BAD! Took as directed, added nothing for flavor. Tasted very salty, just a swig of Apple juice after each 8oz dose, every 15 mins. Had no side effects. No bloating. No gas pains. No discomfort. Had only broth on prep day. Had only a chicken omelet afternoon prior to prep. No cramping with bowel movements. Procedure was a breeze, without the &quot;wind&quot;. Hope this helps ease someone&#039;s anxiety."
"I have been on many different antidepressants from the age of 15 till now (22). I have tried Wellbutrin which was decent, Zoloft, Lexapro, Effexor etc. Now I am on Pristiq 100 mg and couldn&#039;t be happier. All the years I&#039;ve been trying to find what works for me, I finally have. My only complaint is that if I even forget to take it one night, within 10 hours I feel awful! Shaky, sweaty, brain zaps, rage etc. As long as I remember to take it, it&#039;s an amazing antidepressant."
"I just weaned myself off of Cymbalta/Neurontin and started taking 50mg Lyrica capsules twice a day.  I have been taking Lyrica for only TWO DAYS and have had amazing results.  I may be reporting on this drug too soon but I am finding my pain receding greatly.  I am feeling almost &quot;normal&quot;, my spirits are definitely raising and hope that I can avoid nerve cutting surgery that would be my last choice for relief.  I am an optimist by nature and am so hoping that 100mg a day will keep me pain free and away from the scalpel."
"I had a cold sore on the side of my mouth (not exaggerating) for two months ,it would start to heal then right before it would get better it would come back . I finally went and got some abreva after checking the reviews and it worked like a miracle in such a short time, I just could not believe it. I&#039;m so happy with it,  I&#039;m here writing good reviews"
"I just turned 40 and have suffered from migraines with aura with increasing frequency and severity since I was 16. In March 2014 I was up to 18 migraines in 22 days. My doctor took me off all the Triptans I was taking and never ever worked, to my great relief! At first I tried a blood pressure med but after 2 weeks of horrible side effects (horrible depression, weight gain, insomnia) my GP put me on Nortriptyline. I have been on it for 4 weeks. We started with 10 mg at night. I noticed that the pain from my migraines and frequency reduced by about 50% and Advil liquid gels were able to take the pain away. I have now been bumped up to 20 mg. I haven&#039;t noticed dry mouth, but I did notice my eyes get dry. I sleep really well. no other effects."
"I am a 29 year old male. I have been overweight pretty much all my life. I started the trial does of Qsymia on 1/16/13 weighing 315lbs.  I did not notice any changes at all in my eating or any side effect after the first few days, so I started to take the regular dose.  Since that time I have lost about 0.5 to 1 pound a day. Today (2/24/13) I weighed in at 286.2lbs.  So almost 30 pounds. I do the elliptical for about 30-35 min a day and I eat about 1500-1800 calories a day.  I know I should eat more, but I am just not that hungry.  No side effects. Hope I am not losing the weight too fast..."
"Bought CVS generic miconazole and it was horrible. Itchy, burning, painful, lost the better part of a night&#039;s sleep. Don&#039;t remember such horrible side effects when I used this years ago. Did they change the formula? I would avoid this at all costs. 

Clotrimazole is so much better.  Takes care of YI w/o the nasty side effects."
"Stopped periods 10 years ago. Then suffered  hot flashes, severe, in first five years after.   In last five years hot flashes really diminished but triggered by anxiety, certain foods, and occasional night sweats. But could be counted on to have at least one episode of night sweats per evening (down from as many as 7 to 10 a day - and leaving me drenched, my clothes soaked!).  My GYN recommended Brisdelle two months ago.  Am hypersensitive to all meds so was skeptical, in addition to being an RN.  Don&#039;t like to take drugs of any kind.  However, I was desperate.  The Brisdelle worked immediately and I haven&#039;t had one episode of hot flashes since.  Just dry mouth now.  Very bad dry mouth!"
"I started taking this medicine 4 days ago. On day 3 the cramps started so badly that I couldn&#039;t do anything without my hands involuntary becoming fists, sometimes both of them, to the point of my husband having to help me pry them apart. Also had dizziness, nausea, muscle pain, among others. None of which I had on the Benazapril. Talked to my doctor yesterday and he switched me to something different. I&#039;m hoping it helps!"
"So I am 19 and i have had mine for a little over a month. When I first got nexplanon, it was painful not bad though. I&#039;m a baby to all kinds of pain and it hurt no more than a piercing. It was soar for a couple of days and made my very physical job hard. I bleed 1 day after getting it (it was put in on my 4th day of my period) then the bleeding stoped but after that I bleed for 3 days very lightly about 7 days after it was inserted. I just started my second period and it&#039;s so light a pantie liner is plenty! The only other side effect I have is acne! I can&#039;t stand it! But my boyfriend said it&#039;s fine because he still loves me :) I was told to wait 2 weeks to have sex but I had unprotected sex on the 11th day. Over all I love this product!"
"Effexor XR works great for hot flashes, not to mention it elevates your mood as a bonus.  I do recommend the extended release as the side effects are fewer.  I have no hot flashes now at all.  I recommend it to anyone who does not want to take hormones."
"Absolutely amazing 
Works a treat 
10mgs 1hr before
I suffer bad anxiety 
This fixed me this wonder pill 
Is better than Viagra 
I&#039;m in my late 30s I never had a problem until one occasion 
Go for it nothing wrong 
Wow!! I will keep on taking it"
"Drixoral is the only medication that allows me relief from my allergies"
"Has really helped with mood swings. Helps control violent outbursts."
"I took Flexeril because I had been feeling intense back muscle pain. I was told that it would make me sleepy and feel relaxed. I took it at 9:00pm thinking it was going to kick in quickly! I was wrong, 15 minutes later nothing! So I made dinner went online, then out of nowhere my neck felt heavy like I couldn&#039;t hold my head up and I stumbled to my bed. I saw the clock and it showed 11:00ish. I  slept like a baby! Woke up feeling great the next day well rested and my back felt better."
"Started depo when I was 18, never had a period after, stopped taking it when I was 24 to start a family.  It took 4 months for menstruation to start again and only 3 months after that to conceive.   After pregnancy I was put back on, got 3 series of shots before we wanted another baby(no period in between).  Only took a month for my period to return and another month after that to conceive. Also, after this pregnancy I started the depo again. I was 6 weeks postpartum and got the shot while on my 4th day on my period, (which usually lasted 7 days) the next day my period stopped. It is my go to form of birth control!"
"I have two boys they are 2 years and 15 days apart. The day I got the Mirena inserted there was some pain with the procedure but by the end of the day it was gone. I have been bleeding heavy and light since and its been 2 1/2 weeks now. I have noticed hair loss, increase in appetite, and mood swings."
"For the first time I can get to sleep every night.  It usually gives me about 5 hours of sleep, and if I wake up and take about 0.15 Klonopin, I can go back to sleep for another 3 hours.  Feel rested for the first time in years!  I don&#039;t take it until I am absolutely ready to lay down in bed, then lay down and think happy thoughts to carry with me to dream land.  Previously, due to bipolar insomnia,  I would take tons of Nyquil, Benadryl, Sominex, l-tyrosine, melatonin that only gave me a few hours sleep and I&#039;d wake up and take more pills. For years I couldn&#039;t sleep in a bed but would wander through the house at night trying to get comfortable on the floor, etc. as my husband just bumping me would wake me up.  I thank you Ambien!"
"I am a 37 year old man that has gone through testicular cancer twice, so I produce no testosterone on my own.  It has taken a year to find the right dosage for me, but now I get 1ml weekly, and feel great.  I always get it in my buttocks, and just alternate the sides, week to week.  "
"I was very skeptical, and have tried everything from diet/exercise to weight loss supplements.  I could lose no weight no matter what.  Even though I&#039;m still not where I want to be, it looks like Belviq helped get me over that &quot;hump&quot; and I&#039;ve lost about 13 pounds in 2 months doing the same routine that I have been.  It does work."
"I took Effexor XL about a year ago for about 6 months. At first, it worked great. Then, I got sick and couldn&#039;t take it for a couple days, and OMG the withdrawal. I felt like I was going to pass out, and throw up. I was dizzy. It was awful, and it took two more days of taking it before those feelings went away.  I finally decided to talk my doctor about getting off the Effexor. I had to step down at half dose intervals and in turn, go through the withdrawals 3 times over the time frame of three weeks. Just as the withdrawals subsided from one cut, I had to cut again. "
"My doctor prescribed Levothyroxine for low thyroid and I had been feeling so tired and wiped out. Levothyroxine did help improve my numbers (TSH of 7.5 dropped to 4.5) but I felt awful on it. Everything hurt and I was so exhausted. After 3 months on Levothryoxine, I asked to try the brand name Synthroid. What a difference!!! It improved my numbers even more (same dose, TSH decreased to 1.75) and not only that, I felt better. I had energy. My experience is night and day. I know generics are supposed to be equivalent but I can tell you there is a difference. Synthroid brand  works so much better than Levothyroxine. Recommended."
"I am 50 been an active person all my life spent 24 years in the Regular Army eat well don&#039;t smoke never have, drink only on a weekend.Went for a medical my BP was 163/108. Went on  a ECG, had urine and blood test all normal.
I had that 24 hour monitor various readings some OK but most too high. I hate taking tablets I don&#039;t even like taking paracetamol.
My GP  is a similar age to me and he is good to explain pro and con&quot;s of medication. I reluctantly went on Ramiprill been on it a week now to be fair it&quot;s ok. Bit of a funny head but nothing to worry about..I have been a member of my local Gym 23 years so the stereotype of being a smoker drinker or being overweight is NOT always the case.."
"I was diagnosed with gastroparesis in 2012 and have a neuro abdominal stimulator transplant. I take both strengths; 290 when home and 145 when I travel. Both work well as I have no ability for food to move out of my stomach. I do take it every morning and while I can consider it a bit violent at times (stay close to a bathroom after a couple hours of taking it), if I don&#039;t take it, I will not have any movement. I don&#039;t care for miralax or other over the counters as I experience a lot of bloating, gas and cramps before it finally kicks in...and it takes too long to kick in for me.

My specialist has approved me to take the different strengths; I still don&#039;t know over the long term what effects will be on my kidneys or liver."
"I am a teen and if you are one too you might want to read this if your stressing and want to know how this works. I had sex with boyfriend he came in me with no condom. We bought aftera 1 hour or so later. My boobs were sore for about two weeks, it first started the day after I had taken the pill. The pain may get really bad but just breathe and relax, its a side affect. I got cramps here and there but it would feel like a little kick to my stomach. Then I had spotting for one day. I thought I was pregnant because of the dark color but that is also a side affect. Just breathe and let the pill do its work. Plan B and aftera are the same thing. Same ingredients. Don&#039;t dig through every website trying to see if your pregnant or not, its okay"
"I didn&#039;t want to deal with the inconvenience of a 7 day treatment which has worked so well for me before, so I decided to try the ovule. I cried first, when it got beyond tears I used a icepack. I ended up in the ER and they had to apply a numbing agent in addition to giving me an injection for the internal relief. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!"
"Taste was NASTY NASTY. Insurance only covered half so it cost $60 out of pocket."
"During the &quot;procedure&quot; my gyno first made sure my cervix was inline which felt like a pinch. As she was inserting the IUD it felt like the worst period cramp of my life, but was bearable. The whole thing from start (insertion of the speculum) to finish lasted probably 5 minutes. After it was over, she let me lay down for a little bit due to the cramping. The cramps lasted the rest of the day but were gone the following day. I had a heavy period for 3 straight weeks afterward, and 1 more later on, but nothing since. I had to make an appointment for 4 weeks later to have an ultrasound to make sure the IUD was still in place. All in all, I would suggest a hormonal IUD (Skyla or Mirena) to anyone who is able to get one!"
"This birth control did wonders for my stomach. Other brands made me so sick and if I forgot and had to take 2 at a time I was throwing up in the middle of the night. These pills do not upset my stomach at all which is great. Haven&#039;t noticed any other side effects maybe a little moody at times but I think that&#039;s just my period. Also no weight changes for me"
"I had spontaneous premature labor with my first pregnancy, and delivered my son at 30 weeks 1 day after a two days of attempts to stop my labor. I received the makena injection beginning at 19 weeks during my second pregnancy, and received my last shot at 35 weeks 5 days, I believe. I had my daughter 8 days later at 36 weeks 6 days, so almost what is considered full term. I&#039;m currently pregnant with my third, and began the injections at 19 weeks again this time. I&#039;m 35 weeks now, and as of last week my cervix was still high and closed. I&#039;ve not had any side effects from the shots other than injection site reactions a few times, such as some itching, swelling, and a lump/knot. My overall experience has been good, definitely worth it!"
"Im a 38 yr old female. I was prescribed Amlodopine 10 mg in April bc my bp was 150/99. After taking it for a week, I woke up one morning and I was having trouble walking. The doctor told me that I had Achilles tendinitis. My Achilles (back both of ankles) had swollen knots on them.  Im an active person, and I knew that I hadn&#039;t injured both of my ankles at the same time. 1 month later, I went to the Sports medicine doctor who also told me that I had Achilles tendinitis. He sent me to physical therapy for 6 weeks. PT did not help me at all. I googled Achilles tendinitis &amp; amlodipine together. A doctor did a study in 1999 that connected the 2. I stopped the amlo &amp; 2 weeks later my ankles were 70% back to normal."
"I never had a problem with regular Amox 875, I asked doc to prescribe regular Amox for a recent upper respiratory -- instead I got this &#039;enhanced&#039; version.  What a mistake. Every cough resulted in stress incontinence including severe explosive diarrhea. My overall symptoms got worse -- asthmatic bronchonitis with wet cough developed. This went on for 2 1/2 days until I read the side-effects and read the caution to IMMEDIATELY stop the med if severe diarrhea due to potential GI problem it can trigger. Never again, will I take this med."
"I have a chronic cough for 2 months from allergies that turned to a bronchitis/asthma thing.  On other inhalers and allergy medicines and took Delsym, because the cough wouldn&#039;t stop.  Soothed the cough a little so I could get some phlegm out.   Thinking next dose would do the trick, but 8 hours after the first dose I had bad gassy poops!  Don&#039;t think I will take the second dose"
"I took it for a week.  The first 2 days brought a headache &amp; then that resolved.  I was also a bit nauseous those 2 days.  I did notice that I had almost no appetite right away so apparently it is effective for satiation.  I had to stop taking it though because of the following: 
Cough started immediately &amp; resolved the day after I stopped taking it.
Dizziness &amp; difficulty with balance.
Deep sleep &amp; trouble getting going in the morning, when the dizziness was worse.
Sneezing &amp; sore throat.  Now this may sound like maybe I just had a cold, but I didn&#039;t.  I am a nurse and I know the difference.
Some difficulty with memory &amp; concentration.
Dry mouth, but that is no big deal.
Another deterrent for me is that I can&#039;t take my migraine med with it"
"Drysol has seriously changed my life! I have excessive sweating on my scalp and face. No matter where I went, sweat would be pouring down my face like a waterfall. The biggest issue I had with the sweating was at work as I was serving food, and obviously nobody wants to be served by the sweaty girl. Some days I didn&#039;t even want to go to class because I my face would be dripping with sweat. I was recommended Drysol by a dermatologist but I was told that it would sting a lot but I was willing to try anything. Let me warn you that it burns like crazy. You will want to wash it off but stay strong, it is worth it. I applied it on my face for 3 nights and my scalp for 2 nights and I am dry as a bone!!! Drysol has forever changed my life."
"Had severe chest pain, but knew it wasn&#039;t my heart. Endoscope showed 2 duodenal ulcers, started Dexilant, pain gone quickly, but I&#039;m having high blood sugar readings."
"Best laxative out there! I have chronic constipation due to psych meds. I&#039;ve tried every laxative out there, and have a very healthy, plant based diet etc. but nothing has helped. Milk of magnesia is the only effective remedy I&#039;ve found. Best to take it on an empty stomach- it doesn&#039;t seem to work if you&#039;re full of food- and drink lots of water. Within 2 hours of taking 4tbsp I had 2 bowel movements. No cramps or bloating or pain or diarrhea. This stuff works great."
"The VA started me about 3 weeks ago for my Severe neck pain, spinal issue and I actually thought I got placebo instead. Not touching the pain, especially at night. Waiting on MRI before further meds are changed or prescribed. Been having spinal issues for 30+ years due to a fall. Had hardware installed and bone taken out."
"I had extreme nausea,  couldn&#039;t keep water down much less any kind of food. I tried 4 different medications before the diclegis. Only one of those 4 worked but I felt so drugged and I was slurring my words. I&#039;m extremely tired with the diclegis but I can keep some food and water down. I&#039;m taking 2 at night,  1 in the morning and 1 at noon.  My house is messy a lot and my 2 year old sometimes wears pajamas all day because I&#039;m so tired. It&#039;s not a perfect medicine but it&#039;s better than not being able to walk across the room without almost fainting and going to the ER once a week for IV fluids and nutrition."
"I have only had the Mirena IUD for a week but I wanted to share my experience. My OBGYN recommended it for heavy menstrual bleeding. I had a tubal 6 years ago, after my 5th child, so I don&#039;t need birth control but this was her alternative to having the ablation surgery. 

Insertion was done in the office, on the first day of my period. I took ibuprofen before I went in for the appointment. The insertion itself felt no different to me than a Pap smear. No cramping at all during or after. I was only spotting  to begin with since I had JUST started my period. The next two days were very light period days for me, where they normally would have been super heavy.  I&#039;m still spotting a week out, which is normal for me. So far, no complaints!"
"Hi my daughter is 12 I has been taking mirtazine for a good 2 months because she could not sleep and had depression. It is the best  for her she can sleep and  the depression it is getting better. I hope it keeps working."
"I always have a super high pulse and the last time I went to the doctor he prescribed me this to lower it and prevent migraines. I&#039;ve been on it for almost a month now at 25mg once daily. During the day I feel tired, and have this gross heavy feeling in my chest. I also can&#039;t sleep at night anymore. I&#039;m going back to the doctor in a few days to try to switch to something else."
"After removing a prolific stone producing gallbladder that was causing biliary blockages, anything I ate would basically go right through, particularly the first meal of the day. My gastro doc prescribed the Cholestryamine and bingo problem resolved. I take it every evening around 9 or 10PM, have normal stools the next day and my first meal stays put along with everything else I eat. It will not dissolve and is like drinking sand, but for me it (Prevalite) goes down easier with a glass of apple cider (not juice). The generic version made by Sandoz I find is easier to take in plain water. As a bonus this drug also reduces my cholesterol."
"It causes me to shake constantly and gives me a feeling like I&#039;m about to vomit for hours. It also keeps me awake all night."
"Before in 2015 I took doxycycline for 3 months and it barely did anything to my skin. I guess I could say it helped by 10% but that&#039;s it. My acne kept appearing and eventually I stopped because it wasn&#039;t working. So later in 2016 I was desperate so I started doxycycline again and now I&#039;ve almost been on it for a month and I can say that it hasn&#039;t helped my hormonal acne AT ALL. But I don&#039;t have much medicine to resort to help with my persistent acne so I&#039;m hoping it gets a little better. My diet is very clean with no dairy and still I don&#039;t see an improvement with this medicine."
"I&#039;m in day 3 of taking this antibiotic having being diagnosed with a severe chest infection. Within 48 hours the stabbing pain and aches in my chest has completley disappeared. I have a awful bitter taste like  an aerosol spray/some sort of gas in my mouth. Cleaning my teeth and drinking helps this but it always feels worst at night :( Last night I had a bad nightmare but after that slept well. I&#039;ve had lots of tummy gurgling and today feel really nausea :( Have also been going to the loo more then usual! I&#039;m pretty anxious about taking the next 4 days but unsure if there is anything else I can take? I&#039;m allergic to penicillin."
"While it does prevent pregnancy, it has many negative side effects. I experienced weight gain (weight that won&#039;t go away no matter how much exercise I do), frequent acne break outs, and negative mood. However it does what it&#039;s supposed to do and keeps my period very regular. I plan on continuing my use of Chatel just because it&#039;s my only option and it was free from Planned Parenthood."
"I have been taking Wellbutrin SR 150mg for five years. Have been doing really well, but here lately I have been really tired, low sex drive, wanting to eat when I am not hungry.  Maybe I need an increase."
"I know you have to wait at least 3-4 weeks. So far I&#039;m on week 3 and still unsure if it works.   First few nights on 1mg a day, I flipped up out of my sleep several times.  Dr increased it to 2mg a day and I still can&#039;t get consistent sleep patterns.  Some days yes and others no.  One night I stayed up like I was on drugs.  Finally passed out around 1am.  Week 3, I&#039;ve now gotten the &quot;gotta go to the bathroom #2&quot; side effect which my doctor says happens.   It&#039;s like a sore stomach with diarrhea but not full blown diarrhea.   The one good thing is my BP has responded to the meds.   Less nightmares but then again I&#039;m not really sleeping either.  I&#039;m still going to continue and see where it goes."
"I have to say that these pills are a miracle when it comes to pain. The reason I wanted to post my review of Percocet is because of the very, very, vivid dreams. I actually just woke up and had a dream that scared me half to death. I really and truly thought that I saw my wife cheating with another man I could not believe it, you guys have no idea how REAL it felt. So just letting you guys know."
"I&#039;m a 61 year old man, I took Inderal LA 60mg for a year. For about 8 months it worked well, migraines would start and then go away after 5 to minutes. It caused me to gain 15 pounds even with dieting and exercise, it also causes ED but I was able to fix that with 5mg Cialis. In the last 2 months It has stopped preventing the migraines and causes problems with fatigue and at times shortness of breath, and the Cialis is no longer working (a big problem as far as I am concerned and my girlfriend too). It never stopped migraines caused by food triggers of which I have many."
"I have had Nexplanon implanted since June 2013 and absolutely love it. Prior to Nexplanon I was on Depo and hated making appointments and going in for shots because it was inconvenient. With Nexplanon, I don&#039;t have to worry about appointments, or pregnancy for 3 years. When it is time to have Implant removed I will definitely get it again. 

The only side effect that has bothered me is the thinning and lose of hair. 

My periods have always been irregular (Ranges from 2- 28 months for 2 days- 37 days) and that didn&#039;t change. On the months I do not have a period, my body has symptoms of premenstraul, which is confusing because I never know when it really coming and I need to be prepared."
"I have severe pain due to a deteriorating ankle joint.  I had great difficulty sleeping at night with the pain associated.  I take a 25 mg tablet at bedtime and not only does it help me sleep it stops those painful leg jerks that would make my ankle react in painful spasms.  It is an absolute wonderful drug for stopping the night pain."
"My daughter is Two year old has been diabetic type 1 since last valentine day.  She uses 2 Units at 7:00 AM and 1.5 units at 7:00 PM. Glargine is great but when used in such small quantity it is very difficult to get accurate dosage using pen. The glargine pen does not have half unit dial and it would be really great if the company introduced a pen more suitable for children.  For now I have to draw insulin with syringe, which is more work and syringe needles are longer so it hurts more."
"I have been on Victoza for quite some time taking the 1.8. and it has not bothered me at all.  I have lost 30 lbs since December of &#039;09 and am losing weight every week, and now down to what I was before 1982.  My clothes are hanging on me and I am loving it.
"
"I had 2 panic attacks in my entire life. I went to a Doctor and was given Xanax at half mg to take immediately and 6 hrs later. It worked and I thought I would keep some handy for any possible future attacks. He prescribed 0.25mg pills 3 times a day. I looked it up on the internet and didn&#039;t like the information on addiction. I went to my Doctor when I got back home and he prescribed Ativan. I believe Xanax should be used only when having a panic attack and not as a maintenance drug."
"I have been on Paxil CR for many years with good results. I started at 12.5 Mg and over time have been increased to 25Mg. In the last yr I have found myself depressed 3 or more days a week even though I take my pill religiously every day. In the last few months the 3 days have turned into 5 to 6 and now it doesn&#039;t seem to work at all. I was told by my pharmacist that Glaxo had begun production on a generic CR so I agreed to try it. &quot; Wrong Move&quot;. I resumed the brand name immediately but I noticed that the generic looks identical to the brand. I may be a skeptic but could Glaxo be bottling generics in label bottles to maximize profits?"
"I am 52 years old and have struggled with chronic high blood pressure for about 6 years.  I have used Exforge as a supplement blood pressure medication for about 2 years.  At the dosage of 10/160 mg, I did experience some swelling and weight gain, but it was manageable.  However, after recently (45 days ago) being increased to 10/320mg dosage, I immediately developed a almost constant dry unproductive and painful cough, very sore throat, sinus problems, some additional swelling, and unprecedented tiredness.  I will stop taking this medication due to the uncontrollable coughing, sore throat and resulting headache.  The higher dosage did assist in dropping my lower number, but the side effects are too excessive.  I will seek other alternatives."
"Was prescribed these drops along w/2 others for my &quot;after cataract surgery&quot; eye care.  The surgery went off w/out a hitch, but I was still allergic to where I&#039;d moved to.  A pharmacist mentioned this would help w/my extremely/unbelievably itchy &quot;allergy&quot; eyes.  A god-send that WORKS...no OTC eye drops made any difference at all.  Keep in refrigerator/it feels better.  Yes, it burns like wholly hell for a bit, but then the itching stops.  Now got to get my eye doctor to give me another prescription..."
"I&#039;ve had pcos since I was a teen, very irregular periods dr says I don&#039;t ovulate. High school sweet heart and I got married and we want children. It&#039;s very difficult having pcos. Dr proscribed provera to induce a period. She said it would shed the lining and would be like starting &quot;new&quot;. Took 1 pill a day for 7 days. Took 3 days to start my period after last pill. I do not recommend this pill to anyone. I&#039;ve had severe bleeding for several days and large blood clots. I soak through at least 2 super plus tampons an hour. It leaks so bad through the tampon I have to also wear pads. Pads have rubbed me raw and the baby bleeding and constant changing of tampons has made me raw from the top of my vagina to my butthole. I&#039;m very weak and dizzy."
"This is the BEST avenue to take for an emergency. Me and my boyfriend had an accident during unprotected sex and I took the pill within 24 hrs. Got my period on time (just one day late). It may delay your period from a day to a few weeks and the waiting for your period could be crucial, trust me I know, BUT it works. Now breath and go eat some chocolate."
"Just know that drysol saved me - I am re born!!"
"I got back acne due the extreme hot weather. On my 1st week, it was so painfull and my skin getting red. 
Now im going to my 2nd week, my skin got peeled but all the bumps, pain n itchiness are still there. We will see, after reading all the reviews, i put hope more on this product."
"Meds: Subutex 8mg SL 2x daily (recovering addict), Bentyl 20mg oral as-needed up to 4x daily.

I have irritable bowel syndrome flare-ups randomly, depending on stress level, caffeine/nicotine/stimulant intake, etc.  The first few months, one 20mg Bentyl stopped a flare DEAD IN IT&#039;S TRACKS.  Now it doesn&#039;t and I have to double-dose, because when I flare, the pain is so severe that I begin vomiting, sweating, shaking, and cannot function at work.  The double dose is effective, but causes blurred vision, cognitive impairment, and a general feeling of being &quot;disconnected&quot; or &quot;high&quot;, minus any kind of euphoria. Going to discuss this with my PCP."
"I was prescribed this medicine for frequent migraines.  The only bad experience I have had with it is a tingling sensation in my hands at times.  It is not unbearable or any reason for me to stop taking the medication.  I have been on the medication for a few months and have only had two migraines since I started the medicine."
"I have tried other medications to control my fibromyalgia and I had awful side effects to all then my Dr tried me on Cymbalta and this has been amazing! No side effects. I&#039;m on 120mg now and I feel almost like my old self! It is very expensive though."
"I started having episodic migraines when I was 8, and it turned into chronic migraine when I was 16 (I&#039;m 18 now). Untreated, I usually have a migraine every day. After playing with a few different treatment options, my doctor put me on Pamelor. 50mg for the first two months, and then 100mg for the second two. Almost as soon as I started taking it, I started experiencing the adverse side effects. Dry mouth, light-headedness, exhausted 24/7. But the worst were the nightmares. Vivid, every night. I would wake up screaming. I stopped the medicine two weeks ago, but the nightmares still haven&#039;t stopped. And the medicine made absolutely no difference in my migraines. Still had them every day."
"Abreva sucks I don&#039;t get cold sores myself but my boyfriend does and every time he used abreva like it says when you start to feel it coming on he&#039;d use it but abreva seems to only make it WORSE and puff out. So some lady said to try GLY OXIDE you can find it at any drug store but it works 10000 times better than abreva. Just thought I&#039;d leave this thought with some of you maybe you can try it too."
"Smoker of 35 years.  2 packs a day the past 2 years.  This product definitely curbed the urge enough to help get me off of them.  Did experience nausea and diarrhea the first 2 days.  Then trouble sleeping.  LOTS of trouble sleeping, still on the pill (1 month now) and averaging 3-3.5 hours a day at most, but WORTH losing the habit.  Rated this drug a 9 only because of the sleeping side effect.  It WORKS."
"I have been on cymbalta for years.  Recently I went through a series of extreme life changes.  Cymbalta didn&#039;t seem to be working.  I went into a deep depression.  My doctor switched me to fetzima.  I am on day 10 my medication.  I have notice extreme sweating and out burst of anger.  I was more laid back on Cymbalta.  I am hoping if I give it a little more time that maybe the effects will get better."
"Nobody mentions how much money they now have in their wallet because they don&#039;t have to spend anymore on butts! You&#039;re free!"
"I started taking Ashlyna for bad cramps. Within 4 days I had horrible bloat AND gas pains. I stopped the pill after 4 days. This was 5 days ago, I am still having stomach issues and just got my period again after finishing it a week ago. This is a heavy one with horrendous cramps.  Not worth it."
"I have been taking Invokana for about 5 months and I feel great!! My a1c went from 9.8 to 7.4 in 3 months. The only side effects I have noticed is some weight loss. But the weight loss stopped. It does make me really thirsty, small price to pay for controlled blood sugar levels."
"Hmm about this medication...I literally do not reccomend it at all! As someone with Bipolar2 I was put on Seroquel for my rapid unstable moods, I was on it for quite some time and I noticed the rapid weight gain not just that but I was literally sleeping all the time! When I was awake I felt like a zombie. Quite frankly it&#039;s a nightmare! Thank god I went off it."
"I am a 50 year old woman who started menopause around 37. I&#039;ve been prescribed this cream and did well on it, but if I stop taking it, I tend to go back to having vaginal dryness. My main concern is that I&#039;ve never been bigger than a size 8 and now I can hardly fit into a 10. I think it&#039;s caused weight gain and if I stop taking it, the weight does not go away. Has anyone else experienced this? "
"I have been using this for 5 days now for Sinusitis, which I developed after a pretty significant bout with the flu. Because of prior condition in my sinuses in 2008 and inability to take the necessary antibiotic to resolve the condition, my sinuses were VERY FULL after this flu. I had severe pain in and behind my nose, under and above my eyes, etc. My ears felt like they would explode too. But, after these 5 days on Flonase and an antibiotic to treat the Sinusitis, I feel much better. I am, however, simultaneously taking supplements which aid in reducing inflammation and have altered my diet to dramatically reduce inflammatory-induced health problems. I believe lifestyle changes are the BETTER long-term solution, as steroids are NOT healthy."
"I have been on it for 2 months &amp; have not gotten my period at all! And no I&#039;m not pregnant! It may be good but I do get the slight panic each month. As of now, I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve had any other side effects. Also, it is very cheap!"
"I have severe C.O.P.D. and this is the only nasal spray, and I have tried many over the years, that works for me. I know it&#039;s not for everyone, but it was the best choice for me. It leaves my nasal passages open all day long, with one shot per side twice a day. I can function again and I feel so much better breathing with my nasal passages open.
Thank You."
"I been having migraines since I had my daughter at age 22, I&#039;m 38 now. I had migraine 2-4 times a week. I try a lot of migraine medications with really bad side affect. Then my migraine got worse because it was causing me vertigo. So when I got them together I was in bed 2-3 days. I was calling out a lot and I when to see a neurologist that prescriped me a beta  blocker. Stop the medication because my bloodpressure was dropping a lot. Then my  doctor prescribed me amitriptyline  10mg and my migraine are gone. Vertigo too.  Don&#039;t be afraid to take it because you won&#039;t get dictated if you want to stop it won&#039;t give you any withdraw. I stop it last month to see how I was going to do without it and migraines are back. Just started again."
"Well I said I would be back :) I check this too much anyway! I&#039;m now on my second month about to start my third week tomorrow. I am pretty sure my body noticed that I was going on a higher dose of estrogen because I broke out. I have been broken out around the cheeks but I just broke out on my forehead :&#039;( the biggest thing about this medicine is the depression and even bigger the anxiety. I still have sex drive... but my anxiety is unbearable!!! I can&#039;t think straight. I can&#039;t relax even though I try. I&#039;m staying on it obviously seeing as it hasn&#039;t even been 3 months yet and I would do just about anything to have acne not a problem. I start school in the second week of August.. please wish me luck!"
"I&#039;ve been on the beviq for almost 4 months. Since day one I have not been hungry I was 265 now I&#039;m 230lbs I&#039;m so excited I don&#039;t excercise much it helps me a lot. "
"When my dermatologist first gave me the cream and I began using it my acne cleared up and I had great skin, but once I kept using it on my break outs I noticed them becoming worse and worse. My skin became so dry, red/ puffy, and peely that there was nothing to do, I felt helpless, I couldn&#039;t even apply my moisturizer because it made my skin burn. But my derm assured me it was part of the process, come to find out I was actually getting minor chemical burns which currently cover my entire chin/ under my nose area. In the beginning I thought this cream was my savor and my ticket to clear skin but now my skin is worse then ever and I regret ever using it."
"I was prescibed bupropion for depression and anxiety and I had no idea it could help with smoking cessation as well, but within a couple weeks I had noticed that my cravings had decreased and that I no longer enjoyed smoking my cigarettes.  They pretty much became a chore.  I went from smoking 8 a day to maybe 1 or 2 before I decided to quit, about three months after I started taking bupropion.  It&#039;s been over five weeks and I do crave them very seldomly but its not a nagging craving and it goes away pretty fast.  Sometimes I give into stealing a few drags from a friend when I&#039;m out drinking but even when I&#039;m drunk, it doesn&#039;t feel good.  I could never finish another cigarette!"
"Turned me into a zombie and made me gain at least 60 pounds. Lithium completely numbed out my emotions until I could no longer function. I was on it for 3 years and nobody would take me off of it because I have adverse reactions to most mood stabilizers that could replace it and they viewed me having no moods at all as better than having symptomatic Borderline Personality Disorder. I barely have any memories from the time I was on lithium. I was eventually taken off it because it started driving me into rage."
"Since I was on the trials I put 6+ months but I have been back on Afrezza for about 2 weeks.  Afrezza is nothing short of a miracle. I am a type 1 diabetic and my blood sugar average in the past 10 days has been 110. I have a CGM so I have had 2880 readings in the past 10 days.  A 110 average equals to an A1C of 5.45. This is possible because Afrezza mimics the speed of a healthy pancreas. Afrezza starts working in only 12-15 minutes and works out of my system very quickly. This allows me to manage my glucose in real time without babysitting diabetes all day. Even if I do have a high I can knock my sugars back to 100 in a matter of minutes."
"Hi. 
I started this for Weightloss which exacerbated other health problems. In the last six months I&rsquo;ve gradually gone up to 3mg per day. My weight was 155kg and  is now 130.6kg. I had some sickness at the start and slightly when I increased the dosage. It&rsquo;s changed my eating habits as I feel less hungry and the amount I can eat has gone down. To be honest the beginning was slightly tough but worth persisting with, just keep the faith."
"Monsternessa. 

I was nauseated for the first two weeks of being on it. I&#039;ve had on and off headaches since I&#039;ve started and have been bloated for the past two months. My boyfriend says that I&#039;ve been extra sensitive and my sex drive is gone. The only time I felt normal is when I was on my period and not taking the active pills. It did make my period shorter (3Days).  

Unfortunately, Monsternessa is not for me. I gained 8lbs since I&#039;ve been on it and an emotional wreck. I can&#039;t wait to see my gyno next week and switch it up."
"Please take in the morning on a day off. Felt so naseous and threw up. Didn&#039;t last more than 4/5 hours and you can probably sleep it off. Lots of farting too. No loose stools."
"My experience with this drug is not a good one. I was taking tramadol for years and every few months had to up the dose. When I would run out because my body became use to drug I would take more and more to help with my joint pain. I would take 4 50 MG at a time 3 times a day.  Which is not okay and experienced horrible side effects. I now have seizures at night and have been off the medicine for a while. The shakiness and nausea from not having the medication is sometimes unbearable. I also have tremors and moodiness as well as a zapping feeling in my brain. I would call this drug the devil. When you come off of it your pain is ten times worse than it was before. It&#039;s like it mimics the pain. It is very addictive and would not recommend it"
"I have had chronic idiopathic uticaria for over 17 years. Since I was 3, all I can remember is the stress, pain, embarrassment, etc that this condition has caused me. Now, at age 20 I&#039;m finally receiving the medicine I&#039;ve been hoping and praying for. For a while, Doxepin combined with many different types of antihistamines worked to reduce the amount of hives I would get. Now, only prednisone will temporarily help my hives. Prednisone has caused me to gain weight. Nothing has worked to reduce my hives other than the prednisone, until I found Xolair. The shot did hurt, but it&#039;s worth the pain. Towards the end of my first shot, I did get a lot of hives. I&#039;m hoping the next few reduce them even more. I am so happy to have Xolair!"
"I took this drug and it helped me a lot. I did have breakouts on my ankles but no other problems. I miss this drug, it sure helped my pain."
"I was so excited because everyone said it was so good. But now it&#039;s been 6 months. At first it was awesome. But now I have gained weight and even when I don&#039;t eat or only eat salads and eat healthy,I can&#039;t lose weight. And lately I&#039;m extremely irritable and my depression has gotten much worse than before. Now my menstrual cycle lasts up to ten days and this month it stopped for 2 weeks and I started spotting again. And I&#039;ve always had bad cramps during menstrual cycle but now it&#039;s all the time and twice as bad sometimes. I use to recommend this but now I don&#039;t anymore. I&#039;m going to make an appointment to have it removed this coming week."
"I&#039;ve experienced horrible constipation ever since I had a stroke. Took this as a last resort after trying so many other natural remedies, acupuncture, and eating/drinking more fiber/water ,etc-etc. Took it in the evening and about 2 hours later, had a lot of relief, diarrhea though, but not complaining. Better to go than not! Lots of noise in my stomach after going four times. Hopefully, that will subside."
"I find it works really well keeping me asleep all night, I do have some wild vivid dreams but not that often, only down side for me is I am gaining weight"
"Used it for 1.5 months. Worked to a limit. Its the 4th medicine I tried in about 6 years. Moving to something else next week. If it does not work Dr. told me Botox is it."
"Truthfully my t-levels were around 150 for a longtime, I am a 38 yr old male. I started on on testim about 4 1/2 months ago. I use one tube a day and it is applied each morning after my shower. After 2 months my levels went up to about 265 and truthfully I have much more energy, way more than I thought I was going to get. I have decided to stay at the same dose as I feel better so why change and increase it. Now when it comes to applying it, I use half a tube on each shoulder *one shoulder at a time* and rub for about 2 minutes until left slightly sticky.  When finished I wash my hands thoroughly twice. *SMELL* it is a alcohol smell and is strong when applying it but smell is gone by the time you are dressed and ready to go about your day."
"I have been on Otezla for 2 months now and have experienced a remarkable clearing of my lesions. Both knees, which were 90% affected have almost entirely cleared up. The face lesions have dried up and are almost unnoticeable now. The scalp, which was almost completely affected, has cleared up to the point that I&#039;ll soon be getting rid of the ever-present ball cap! (YES!!!) I feel that in one month, at my follow up appointment with my dermatologist, I am going to kiss her smack dab on the lips! My Wife has given me permission. 
Still haven&#039;t noticed a pronounced difference in my two thumbs, which have swollen at the joint over the last year or so. Hopefully, they will get better as well so I can get back to playing the guitar."
"Doctor said to try this for heartburn its 1 pill per 24 hours... was quick to get rid of pain and acid taste wore off after 4 hours."
"Around the same time this year I have had a baby and shoulder surgery for osteoarthritis. Hence, I suffered from both shoulder pain AND post-partum depression. Percocet didn&#039;t stop the pain and Zoloft made me feel worse. My doctor prescribed Ultram and it is now my miracle pill! It helps with both issues. It allows me to be a normal functioning mom. I love how it helps my mood and physical pain!"
"Nexplanon is weird. I got it implanted on July of 2012. I am getting it taken out a year early, because recently, my arm I got the implant in, started to hurt. It started out as a dull, annoying pain, but recently, just hugging my boyfriend has become an issue. I would recommend to some people, because they said my experience was rare. There was no recovery time needed, except sleeping on the arm the implant was inserted was defiantly painful, and woke me up in the middle of the night. Periods are almost impossible to track, they will appear in the middle of the night, stay for a few months, then just go for a month or two. It is a long lasting, worry free method. Most pros, definite cons."
"Absolutely amazing! My partner and I have nasal congestion for weeks but 10 minutes after taking one, we coughed and all of a sudden were clear! I feel like I haven&#039;t used the bottom half of my lungs in weeks. A little bit expensive. "
"Eyelashes are beautiful! You must be careful where you touch the brush, I was hitting outside of face (by eye) after applying and I grew hair there. No biggie, if you stop it goes away, just like eyelashes, if you stop, they go back to how they were pre-latisse."
"I was suffering from obsessive thoughts, anxiety, and depression.   I wasn&#039;t functioning very well in my life.   I was put on 20 mg of Lexapro.   The first 4-6 weeks were hard.  I had severe side effects and not sleeping.   I stuck it out and am so happy.   Lexapro has changed my life and the relationships I have with friends and family.   I am also taking Trazadone at night to help my insomnia and depression."
"I&#039;ve been on LoSeasonique for about a month and one week. I take the pill every day at the same time. Haven&#039;t missed a day. I was spotting for two weeks, then I started my period. I&#039;ve been on my period for a week and a half. I&#039;m staying on it just to see if it gets better. But it is not worth only having your period every three months. This is torture. Plus I have the worst cramps of my life."
"Ive been taking celebrex for a couple of yrs, I always thought it made me too tired, about a wk ago it made me so tired I fell and hit my ribs and now I have pain in my ribs that probably won&#039;t go away for wks, I decided not to refill it and just take stuff like aleve instead, all it did was create more pain by cracking my ribs or whatever it did to it, thought people should know about this side effect especially since my doctor didnt tell me about it, then I wouldnt have hurt my ribs in vain knowing that I&#039;ve helped others know this information"
"me and my boyfriend were having sex and the condom broke, we didn&#039;t know it broke until we were done. i in return started freaking out and ran to cvs to get plan b, i took it an hour after the unprotected sex. (aug 31) the next few days i started having minor back pains/ lower abdomen cramps/headaches and intense mood swings. but surely 5 days later i woke up to my period, 2 weeks early in fact. plan b works wonders, now on the path to get birth control I&#039;m only 16 so it truly saved my life"
"Pristiq did a good job reducing my symptoms dramatically. However, it gave me so much in return, which made my life complicated! I mean 50 lb weight gains over a year that keeps growing every month. I also cannot sleep at night as I could before. I see very vivid dreams and nightmares almost every night! It makes me wake up feeling tired. In addition, I had withdrawal symptoms when I once forgot to take my dose. I had vertigo, nausea, headache. I absolutely could not function. "
"Lost 62 pounds in about 8 months, and it&#039;s still coming off. No side effects. I&#039;m ecstatic. Note: it took a little over a month before I saw results. Two pills a day (I suggest 30 minutes prior to meals). Get full blood work and cardio first, blood rechecks quarterly. I now feel much fuller with smaller portions. Folks, diet is probably 90% of weight loss! Choose a small subset of low cal, filling foods and stick with those. Rotate when burned out. Egg whites, poultry are a staple for me. Eliminate all breads and sugar! Drink water. On the fence? Remember, obesity kills. Use &quot;myfitnesspal&quot; app or similar and record everything that goes into your mouth. Bottom line: for me, I&#039;m less of a man than I was months ago - and I&#039;m happy about that!!"
"25 yr female. 5&#039;3&quot; @ 125 pounds. First colonoscopy. 1st dose @ 6:00pm. 2nd dose @ 3:00am. Procedure @ 7:30am. Suprep tastes terrible - no qualms there. Chugged through a straw and chased with Gatorade and my two 16oz of water. Experienced burping and minor &quot;I&#039;m gunna puke&quot; but muscled through it in 20 minutes. No cramps, discomfort, or side effects. Felt the tummy rumbles 40 minutes after drinking. Casually walked to bathroom (no urgency or rushing) sat on the potty, felt a few more rumbles and then released the ocean. No burning, no rawness, used regular angel soft TP. Total time in bathroom was 60 minutes. Got a shower, went to bed. Repeated at 3am. Super easy. Effective. Actually felt good!"
"Portia is the third birth control that I have tried. I have noticed weight gain that I did not have with my other pills. My moods are also terrible and unstable. I get awful cramps and headaches during my period. Overall, these are small prices to pay compared to other issues I have had with other pills."
"This is the only laxative/stool softener I can actually trust to take and produce a bowl movement within 12 hours! The only down side is that it gives me really bad stomach cramps about an hour before I am able to pass a bowl movement! If it was okay for me to take every day I would."
"These drops ruined my hearing I developed hearing ringing and hissing and TMJ I also have now crunching all over ears and side of head"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost three months now and I love it. After my first birth control experience I was terrified to use birth control ever again. However, I&#039;d rather take the risk instead of becoming pregnant so I tried it again. The first month was horrible, with minor breakouts and bad mood swings, but I have adjusted now. You must wait out the first month or two to be adjusted. After that, it&#039;s smooth sailing. I don&#039;t have any breakouts, my sex drive is normal, and I haven&#039;t gained any weight. I still get moody every once in a while, which is bearable. Overall a very good birth control. But EXPENSIVE without insurance!"
"After having my second child I had severe post natal depression. Counselling and group therapy didnt help all. Six months later I started on 50mg Pristiq, then 100mg after 2 weeks. At first side effects were quite full on. I took Pristiq in the morning, was full of energy. Then after lunch time, I was unbearably tired and had to have a nap, even for 20 mins. I just could not stay awake. I tried to take it at night but then I couldn&#039;t sleep. So, I stuck with taking it in the morning. The tiredness effect didn&#039;t last long, maybe a month? At the start there were also headaches but they soon subsided after about a month. It helped to take Pristiq with a full cup of water. I have been on it for a year and a half now and feel so much better."
"This is my 2nd bout with DIverticulitis (I also have IBS), it works like a charm but I have to mention the first time I took it- I noticed sleepiness. This time, however, I noticed severe agitation and insomnia after 7 days of taking it steady."
"I used this medicine to help me fall asleep. While it did work and I fell right asleep, the next day I felt groggy and had a metallic taste in my mouth accompanied by ringing in my ears. The side effects far outweighed the benefits of this medicine for me."
"Even though Patanol is a bit pricy even with insurance (about $30), and without about $190, it&#039;s better than rubbing my eyes so hard every day  and having my contacts come out from them itching so bad. It absolutely works. The only reason I&#039;m giving it a 9 is just because it&#039;s annoying to have to wait 10 minutes to put my contacts in when I&#039;m getting ready in the mornings as it has to be absorbed before you do."
"My neurologist let me choose my MS drug, and I chose Copaxone.  I haven&#039;t missed an injection for almost five years and I&#039;m doing great.  "
"I started the Gabapentin two weeks ago for Fibromyalgia discomfort and this medication has changed my life. 
My chronic lower leg pain I&#039;ve suffered with for over 5 years is gone and my quality of life has improved a great deal!"
"Diagnosed with walking pneumonia. Took this and immediately felt relief. Helped with the cough."
"I took for some years. It is addictive as you need for sleep. After a while you wake up at night with heart razing. I stopped and finally I need only 1/2 .5 clonopine.  And even forget. It was hard to stop that drug. But if you need for other reasons it may work for others. I think it&#039;s bad. Thank God I&#039;m off of it!!  You need to withdraw slowly."
"I will be 30 in 3 months and my skin is worse then it was when I was 16! What the hell! I find it interesting that everyone who really enjoyed this product, properly used this product. I was prescribed Differin when I was in my teens and it worked wonders! Now thats its OTC, I recently started using it again. I am at the 4 week point, so yes my face is breaking out. I remember when I first used it years ago the same thing happened and with patience my skin cleared up. I have already noticed a difference in my cheeks which seem to not be breaking out as bad. I am patiently waiting for this period of breakouts to come and go, so I can see those great results once more. I used Differin as a teen and loved it."
"Was on Celebrex 200 2x a day for years. Pain was too much when dose reduced. Was changed to Meloxicam 15 1x a day and works just as good. For reviewer with plantar fascitis, had it for months. What works is a quality pair of compression foot sleeves. Foot pain was gone after wearing them for 3-4 days.  Wear them all day, everyday. (FS6 brand)."
"I was on propranolol for about 18 months and went from approximately 20 migraines a month to five. Unfortunately a side effect I developed was cough-variant asthma. Made several visits to the doctor regarding the cough and his suggested that it might be asthma and put me on a daily inhaler. I did some research as I did not want to take a drug to relieve a condition caused by another drug. The side effect was not listed on my propranolol literature, but I found it as a cause for cough-variant asthma. I had to switch to verapamil, which is not quite as effective for my headaches, but my cough is gone."
"My doctor gave me this to use on my first day of school, and it stopped the seating for about 30 minutes but ever since then I just keep sweating. I don&#039;t know what to do. I&#039;ve tried everything out there."
"I smoked a pack a day for almost 10 years before I took Chantix. That was 2 1/2 years ago. I haven%u2019t smoked since day 3 on Chantix. It takes away the physical addiction 100%. Smoking goes from being a pleasurable experience to an experience I think would be similar to licking a dirty ashtray. Trust me%u2026this stuff works! The medicine also keeps your withdrawal symptoms in check so you can be a normal functional person when you&#039;re at work and with your loved ones. It%u2019s nice.

An added benefit: there%u2019s a high likelihood that your insurance will pay for the total cost (which makes sense--getting you to quit saves everyone a lot of money in the long run). It was free for me. It probably is for you, too. Give it a shot."
"Worked well for the most part. I found that, on average, once every 7-10 days I become somewhat anxious and agitated (making it hard to sleep) after taking the Ambien. I don&#039;t know why it only happened occasionally but it was more common when I took 5 mg rather than 10 mg. In the end I switched to Restoril (temazepam) 30 mg.

Dose 5-10 mg at night 
Age 21 
For primary insomnia"
"I have had the skyla in for over 3 months now and getting it taken out in a few days. Ever since getting it put in, I&#039;ve gotten very sick. At first I thought I had Lyme disease (achey joints, vertigo, dizziness, severe fatigue, inability to lose weight, headaches, cramping) but now realize all these symptoms started after I got it put in. The fatigue, joint pain, and general weakness are what I am suffering from the most and I pray to God my symptoms get better once it&#039;s out. I didn&#039;t think such a low hormone dose could affect me as much as it has, but I&#039;ve already gained 20 lbs and ready to get my life back."
"I have Degenerative Disks in L-1 thru L-4, with Herniation in L-4, L-5, and S-1. Also have nerve root damage, which causes pain radiating to my left hip, left leg, and bottom of feet. I take 2, Opana ER 20mg tablets a day. Opana ER works fairly well on controlling my back pain, while it&#039;s not eliminated totally, I&#039;m able to function better on most days with the help of Lortab 10 mg for breakthrough pain along with my Opana ER. "
"It has provided the most effective and rapid relief from asthma and bronchitis attacks of all inhalers that I have used over 50 years."
"So far probably the most effective rx I ever taken. In 25 days my a1c has dropped from near 10 to6.5 and the only thing I think I have experienced wrong is some constapation but not terrible. Still in the early stages but if it stays on track-God send."
"Within a half hour the redness starts to decrease and the flushing in my cheeks and nose disappears.  This medicine has been incredibly helpful for my redness and swelling on my face from Rosacea.  I wish I could thank the folks at the manufacturing company personally, its made a terrific improvement in my skin.  I&#039;ve been using it in the morning and Metrogel at night and its been a terrific combination.  The medication is also non-drying and goes on quickly and is not shiny or oily."
"Occupational Health at my workplace prescribed this patch for me because I apparently strained a muscle below my patellar bone... It did nothing for me! Apparently it works for everyone else, so I may just be an oddball. It was like taking a placebo and I am not even taking other pain meds... So it&#039;s not like I have a tolerance level for pain meds... This just doesn&#039;t do anything for me. It was def. a miss. "
"I was on Seroquel and it made me gain 75 lbs. Trazodone is much better. Helps me sleep with Ambien 10mg."
"I use Cartia XT for A-fibrillation.  The only problem I ran into was using generics.  CVS switched their provider and it did not work as well.  2 days of A-fibrillation and I went on the real deal.  What a difference, everything is back to normal."
"I am ten years sober now and I also took Campral when I hit bottom and started my recovery. I took Campral in conjunction with a program of sobriety, AA. I believe Campral helped me with my uphill battle when I started. I had been drinking regularly for over 30 years."
"As a 75 year old had a problem maintaining a decent erection throughout sex. I have used viagra and cialis 20mg without total success but after my gp. Prescribed levitra 10mg I am thrilled at the improvement. Sex is back to stay."
"So I started taking Reclipsen about four months ago. At first, everything was fine. My periods became regular and tolerable and the oiliness of my skin went down. However, about a month ago, I started experiencing horrible mood swings. I already had depression and anxiety but this greatly exacerbated the issue. I started snapping at people, crying, and having suicidal thoughts. I went to a doctor for mood stabilizers and it was almost impossible to find one that didn&#039;t react with the Reclipsen. I ruined numerous relationships during that time. I stopped taking it and within one day I felt calmer. I&#039;m definitely not taking it again and will be looking at an IUD."
"As I am not sexually active, I cannot state upon the effectiveness of this as a birth control, however upon taking this my anxiety and depression flared to the point that therapist is suggesting medication for that. I have no experienced any odd weight gain, although my hunger signals are off (I do not get hungry, nor full anymore). My acne is the same as usual, with no more or less cystic acne. 

I am choosing to switch birth control brands to see if it will change, but the emotional symptoms are just too much for me to handle."
"I was previously on Tamsulosin and this worked well but i had side effects, dizziness, fatigue , red faced when doing anything physical, also palpitations.
change to Finasteride  it has not helped with urine flow  and i am getting up 2 to 3 times a night, becoming very depressed, short tempered  and fatigued .also tingling in fingers
i know it takes time to build in your system , ive been on this about 4 months, the Tamsulosin made a difference after  a month .
need to go back to the doctor..."
"I&#039;m almost finished with my 3rd pack. I have nice skin again, and my periods are regular. No Weight Gain (I sort of wanted some) and my breasts have gotten somewhat fuller but that&#039;s NO complaint. I have had no side effects on this pill that effects my life, the 3rd week my breast get a little tender but I&#039;m not in horrible pain. I think I&#039;ll be staying with it."
"This is by far the easiest prep I&rsquo;ve used. Yes, it smells and tastes awful, but you can overcome that somewhat by mixing ahead and chilling the mixture, using a straw, and chasing with a sip of whatever tastes good to you. Stand and walk a bit while you drink--it helps get things moving and dispels the bloated feeling. The prep starting working in 50 minutes both evening and morning, and worked thoroughly. The duration of action was 4 hours after the evening dose, 2 hours after the morning. No nausea, very little cramping, and not much soreness. I was able to have the procedure done and didn&#039;t have much trouble getting back to normal. I would use this again when necessary."
"I have 4 to 5 days using the imiquimod cream. The first days that I start using it, it was working pretty good and without pain  the cream even remove some of my flat warts that I have. But now it&#039;s very painful and cannot walk, it burns when I&#039;m going to take shower or wipe in that area ... Now because I probably use to
Much in the area I wasn&#039;t suppose to be applying the imiquimod cream on. some part of my inner vagina swell "
"My starting weight was 220 lb. When I started using Contrave 2 1/2 weeks ago. Not long, I know, but I have already lost 6 lb. I have been gaining 10 lb. every year since I graduated high school (6 years ago). Do the math. It was getting out of control and I have tried everything and couldn&#039;t start losing no matter how much I exercised or dieted. The only side effect I have felt is I get very weepy and cry for absolutely no reason at all, this happened the day I up my dosage (as directed by my doctor.)"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for 4 days.  I have not experienced any negative side effects yet. No nausea or jittery feelings like others I&#039;ve read about. Since starting this medicine I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;ve slept like a rock. No waking up at all and no problems falling asleep. I just felt I should share this observation since I was terrified to start after reading all these horror stories. Not everyone is negatively affected."
"Have had good results but I now find it hard to get."
"It works. 
I had unprotected sex.. No condom no birth control nothing at all (the guy said he would pull out).. And according to my period calendar I was suppose to ovulate in 3 days! I was incredibly worried because I am leaving for college in a month and having a baby right now  would ruin all my plans. I took plan b less than 12 hours later after having sex and I will say this it&#039;s worth all the side effects if it means not getting pregnant! I got my period a little over a week early (menstral changes are a side effect) Please do not worry I was on this website too looking at all the reviews getting anxious thinking that I would be the 5% the pill wouldn&#039;t work on but it does the best thing to do is relax and wait."
"It helps, but not for very long. But it definitely doesn&#039;t make me as irritable as other ADHD medications"
"I Had horrible pain for 1 week out of every month and was in and out of the hospital trying to figure out what was causing the pain then my OBGYN recommend I get the IUD.
I am on my second one, no more periods and no more pain every month (knock on wood)."
"I just had my 5th shot yesterday.  The past few months have been painless in regards to side effects other then night sweats and mood swings.  I have not gained any weight and everything seems pretty normal.  Once again, other than the mood swings.  These are harsh and sometimes I feel like another person has taken over my body and thoughts."
"I never write reviews but had to share my terrible experience so that others don&#039;t make the same mistake that I&#039;ve made. I had been on Yasmin for years, my doctor suggested I switch to a generic since it&#039;s free (as opposed to $50) so I gave it a shot for a month. I have one more day on Zarah and here are the side effects I&#039;ve experienced in that time: nausea, severe moodiness, dizziness, yeast infection, swollen tongue (?!), cystic acne, loss of appetite yet weight gain. I&#039;m a healthy, active 31-year old woman without any other medical issues. Avoid this pill!!"
"Was waste of my money didn&#039;t last as long as they said it did."
"Very effective but couldn&#039;t handle all the visits to the loo. After too many visits to the toilet I cut down to one a day. I ate two virtually fat free meals for breakfast and lunch and then took just one pill with my evening meal. Stopped me snacking completely, fear of accidents! steady weight loss approximately 1kg per week. Very good but stock up on the toilet roll. Taking one pill with just my evening meal means that my toilet trips are evening/night. This suited my lifestyle much better as don&#039;t have the kind of job where I can be dashing off every five minutes!"
"Moved and my new doctor took me off Paxil and put me on Escitalopram.  Works better than Paxil with no side effects.  I function like a normal person.  I get little anxiety attacks out of nowhere, but if I sit down and still my thoughts, the butterflies go away.  My doctor gave me a script for klonipin for the attacks, it works well, but I only take if it gets bad.  Can&#039;t drive taking klonpin, feel a little too mellow."
"While not perfect, this drug helped me achieve around an 80% improvement in my focus, attention, and ability to see tasks through to the end.  I take 20mg IR in the morning and 20mg early in the afternoon.  I was never diagnosed with A.D.D when I was a kid likely because I barely went to see doctors as a child.  I used illicit drugs my whole life until it caused me to almost kill myself.  After being clean for a year, I noticed my problems persisted with attention, focus, and finishing tasks.  After seeing a Psychiatrist and getting a proper test/diagnosis,  I&#039;m grateful.  It&#039;s helped a lot."
"I started Venlafaxine at 37.5mg and gradually increased to 150mg over a period of four weeks. I noticed a small improvement in mood, but I discontinued due to sweating which became unbearable and embarrassing. I came off cold turkey and experienced restlessness and additional anxiety as a result. As for my anxiety, it didn&#039;t really improve really whatsoever throughout, but I had only been taking 150mg for less a week. I am still experiencing fairly mild withdrawal symptoms (one week later)."
"Although Singulair 10mg tablets work great for me on a daily, regular basis for maintenance issues with asthma, I have found that one of its side effects has appeared. At first it was not connected until recently when information came out that Singulair could cause ear infections. This particular side effect appeared about 3-4 months after starting Singulair but no connectione was made until recently after using it for two years. So be aware of side effects and keep close tabs on usage results."
"I highly recommend this birth control. As a woman who&#039;s tried four different kinds in the past, this one has minimal side effects. The first 2-4 weeks, you&#039;ll notice some water retention, but it&#039;ll go away. Levora really helps with my pms &amp; pmdd, along with everything else. I&#039;m someone who gets super sensitive and emotional before and during my period (in tears every night with a bag of chips) and levora has worked wonders with that...No more emotional eating &amp; crying spells every 2 weeks! My hair has also gotten thicker and more shiny which is awesome! I also haven&#039;t had a single breakout."
"Being treated for 2 microscopic anal condyloma. No problems until week 2 ( using 3 times a week). Noticed some moderate irritation and when I went to do my biz one morning the irritation was such that I flinched and felt a popping sensation - now I have an extremely protruding hemorrhoid. I do not eat a typical crap (no pun intended) human diet but one of high fiber for nutrition and have never experienced constipation. Wish I would have followed my intuition and and not let the doc bust into my life with her anal swab - if you are not sexually active and there is no problem don&#039;t go there. Ignorance is bliss. For me has been a literal pain in the assd and one that will require expensive surgury."
"Day 28 of taking Champix and day 14 of quitting smoking! I don&#039;t have any major side effects, other than nausea After first taking the pill,I find eating a few soda crackers and drinking lots of water when taking it helps a lot! Thank you Champix! I was a pack a day smoker for 30 years... I am 45 years old now and feel like I may have a healthier future a head for me thanks to taking Champix!"
"I&#039;ve been chronically constipated for as long as I can remember. My parents would give me suppositories as a toddler and prescription medicines to help ease my struggle. Eventually, I moved onto taking gross amounts of Miralax every night in hopes of softening stools that had only ever been rock-hard. This worked as a stool softener, but didn&#039;t help to give me the urge to ever use the restroom. I started taking Amitiza, which came with its side effects: bloating, headaches, nausea, and cramping. Finally, my gastro doctor turned me onto Linzess. So far, I&#039;ve been using it for a week and have NEVER been more regular in my life. Mornings are a breeze...this medicine is life changing."
"I love Skyla. Since I got Skyla 10 months ago I have never had to worry about being pregnant. My boyfriend and I have unprotected sex and he doesnt pull out or anything 4-5x a week and I NEVER have to worry about the effectiveness. Getting Skyla inserted was nothing... I took a few advils and a painkilller before insertion because I was so scared it was going to hurt, but it felt like mild discomfort and pressure for a few seconds. The worst part is the spotting. I spotted for about 2 months straight after I got it and still spot sometimes but my periods are short and few and far between. im occasionally very emotional (once a month). I get random cramps sometimes but its not bad given how effective this is with hardly any side effects"
"I am a fan. For the first 3 months I took it, I had NO appetite whatsoever. I could&#039;ve gone the whole time without eating. This side effect has subsided &amp; my appetite is normal. I gained no weight which is something I was concerned about with starting birth control. The persisting side effects are that I have a very low sex drive &amp; increased breast sensitivity. As for bleeding, I do get random red or reddish brown discharge about once a month for 3-7 days. It is barely a &quot;period.&quot; It doesn&#039;t line up with the placebo pills and is not regular. However my period has never been regular. My doctor did confirm that this is OK &amp; it is still doing its job in preventing pregnancy. Personally, I still choose to use a backup method along with it."
"Update I been on it 2 months extreme acne huge boil looking pimples all over my face and in ears ouch hair loss worsening depresion weight gain because I can&#039;t stop eating"
"I take Skelaxin for the coat hanger neck pain associated with my neurocardiogenic syncopy, and the severe pain I get from fibromyalgia.  I love it!  It helps me move more comfortably, and I don&#039;t feel exhausted or &quot;high&quot;.  I used to take Neurontin but that didn&#039;t help with pain that much.  Being a single mom of 3 kids ages 14, 11, and 2 that wasn&#039;t an option."
"I was given Factive for a bad strep infection. After the 1st dose, I felt 100 times better."
"I have a seizure disorder and hypothyroidism and pre-diabetes. After just two doses had complete insomnia and horrible dizziness. Then a horrific headache. Maybe it was from my other meds or the seizure disorder but I can&#039;t take this medication."
"I&#039;ve only been on Junel for a week and a half so I&#039;m hoping that this will calm down after I&#039;ve been on it for a little while but it&#039;s given me so much acne! I&#039;ve always had pretty clear skin and now my face and upper back are literally covered in deep acne and bumps. Also I&#039;ve noticed that my hair gets greasy faster, too. I just feel so oily and disgusting all the time. I&#039;m trying to stick it out but this is absolutely horrible and I definitely cannot put up with these side effects if they persist. Wouldn&#039;t recommend."
"The vaginal burning and itching from this treatment is the most uncomfortable feeling I have ever experienced. I would not recommend this particular product. Day one was excruciating. Day two is a little bit more tolerable. I will not complete day 3."
"I&#039;ve tried most of the muscle relaxers - flexeril (cannot tolerate), skelaxa (unfortunately cannot tolerate) and Robaxin (not quite strong enough) for a tight and unrelenting  piriformis.  5mg of good old fashioned Valium takes care of it in the evening. Too bad it&#039;s sedating otherwise it would be my go to med during the day for this tight muscle - that despite loads of PT, massage and stretching I am unable to get to let go. I really appreciate Valium for this!"
"Ambien is definitely effective for sleep, I think most will agree with that.  It did put me to sleep.  I am a very social person, and enjoy talking to people and being around people.  I started taking the generic ambien in Nov of 2008 and was on it for a year.  It worked great for 2 Months, then the side effects began.  I started to get heart palpatations which is unusual for me a 30 year old male, not overweight and overall healthy with sleep issues.  Then, I began getting dizzy, which turned into dizziness with horrible anxiety.  I have never had a panic attack until I took ambien.  I would get bad anxiety at the grocery store, at lunch with customers, and at work.  Been off this for 2 months and the anxiety is finally gone, no sleep."
"Had a bad reaction of hives and burning skin to this medicine.  Tried it twice, worse reaction second time. Not good."
"I gained 13 pounds rapidly I was only on the medication for less than a month. I also experienced asthma type symptoms. I am not an overweight person and I am very athletic but was diagnosed with HBP. I stopped taking Benicar and my lungs are back to normal and the weight gained stopped. I know it was the medication because the extra weight went away."
"My 8 year old son was prescribed 2mg in the morning. He has  been on it for two weeks. At first it helped him concentrate in school but he was still aggressive with his sister and others. Week two, he now cries almost everyday at school and at home. He constantly talks about death. He keeps asking me if I will wait for him in heaven when I die. It is awful to see my innocent little boy go through this. I took him off of it right away. Vyvanse worked for him a lot better at the lowest dosage."
"I was taking Norco 10mg 4x a day but it wore off so fast, I asked the doctor for an increase of 20mg. He suggested 20mg Zohydro twice a day and 20 mg norco for breakthrough pain. The medicine is pricey and I had to give it up this month. I am shopping for price comparisons and I have the company coupon that will get 250 off. I didn&#039;t realize how effective it was until I gave it up. How stupid I was! This stuff covers me from getting out of the bed until it runs out, which is about 8 hours later, so I probably need to move up to the 30s. I have an appointment in a few days and I am going to tell my doc to keep the norco&#039;s and just adjust my zohydro and I will rob banks to pay for it.! I had my life back for awhile. I miss it."
"In the beginning I only had a problem with itching, I kept thinking my body would get used to it &amp; it would stop.  It didn&#039;t, it only got worse. I wasn&#039;t experiencing any other severe issues, so I had planned to stay on it, but on Day 7, I noticed that I was having trouble finding my words, my vocabulary was impaired &amp; there was almost a stutter present. On Day 8 I became very nauseous &amp; decided that would be my last day. The side effects were just too much to wait it out.  Day 9, no med, my husband told me that I seemed much more relaxed and &quot;involved&quot;. I cannot wait for this itching to go completely away!
I did seem to have a little more positive attitude &amp; motivation but the side effects were too much!"
"SMALL BOWEL FISTULA.  Had a hysterectomy and my bowel was cut.  Developed fistula.  Had 2nd surgery by general surgeon and was developed a fistula of the small bowel after 4 resections of the small bowel. Has been a high output fistula through the incision site, at the belly button level.  Octreotide did slow down the fistula output from 1350ml/24 hour period to now just a trickle (a ml or so per day).  On some days the output is zero.  SIDE EFFECTS have been many...burning of the throat, much hair loss, whole body rash including my face and in my hair, nausea and dry heaves.  I was first on 50mcg 3 times per day and that was increased to 100mcg three times per day.  That&#039;s when the hair loss and rash started."
"My experience with lamictal is different for me in most cases. I used to take 25mg of lamictal. When I had taken the meds everyday I didn&#039;t feel any different from when I wasn&#039;t taking them. I had no side effects it was like taking air. So I kept having suicidal thoughts &amp; being angry at 8am &amp; by 8:30 am i was happy. I just had different moods every 30 mins. So i talked to my doctor and told her the meds werent working i told her how i was feeling so she gave me 100mg. Ever since then i have had no feeling what so ever. Like I can choose what to care about &amp; what not to care about. I&#039;ll be fine all day and by 8-9 o&#039;clock pm all of my bipolar &amp; depression hits me like a wave of sadness that I feel like I&#039;m drowning in. I guess its worth it.."
"It has worked for me!"
"Back pain, vomiting, fever, stomach pain"
"My first period on it was heavier than normal.  After that I was spotting for several days which I have never experienced.  This past month I have either been bleeding or spotting and its incredibly frustrating! Lots of random cramps as well.  My mood has been up and down which is also frustrating. "
"I was put in a drug induced coma for a month, for acute pancreatitis. I now take 12mg Hydromorphone every 12 hours.  I also inject during breakthroughs. It is a good drug but it does not take the pain away totally. I do appreciate what it does though. It works well."
"I have had 3 kids all via c-section and had Mirena inserted over 2 months ago.  For me personally, insertion was not painful at all.  The thing they use to open me up during pap smears was the thing I felt most.  I didn&#039;t use any medication before or after insertion.  I didn&#039;t have any cramping after insertion either.  So far I still have irregular bleeding/spotting.  I&#039;m hoping that goes away soon since it&#039;s been over 2 months.  I have noticed an increase in hair loss, but I can&#039;t be certain it&#039;s from Mirena or from a stressful move to a new very hot &amp; humid state.  I haven&#039;t had any mood swings, depression, or acne like others have stated.  So far I&#039;m pleased with it.  And hopefully my bleeding will stop soon so I can rate it a &quot;10&quot;!"
"I have been using this birth control for 7 months now and i have had no side effects. I started it because I have endometriosis and could not take another painful period. This pill is amazing, the pain is practically gone. I&#039;ve lost weight, my period is predictable and I would recommend this to anyone!"
"I&#039;ve started to take Xanax 3 months ago, 0.25 then 0.5mg a day. Experienced a rapid heartbeat at first, but chose to give it a chance anyway and after 2 weeks it was back to normal. Now I take Xanax 0.5 and Bupropion 300mg a day for my depression and anxiety. I can tell it really has changed my life so far, I can feel joy or calmness again (before I couldn&#039;t at all). I hope to get back to normal soon. Can&#039;t even describe how I&#039;m glad I&#039;ve started to take these medications. Although I know many people have severe side effects, the thing is - it&#039;s very individual, you have to try and find a medicine that works best for you. Many people take Prozac, but I almost died when took it - side effects were terrible, I even experienced hallucinations."
"I was given reglan about two months ago to subside the vomiting that came along with hyperemesis gravidarum from my pregnancy. While it fixed that issue, it gave me the worst depression. I don&#039;t want to leave my bed, shower, or take care of myself or anything else. I&#039;m letting go of this drug tomorrow."
"Does not work for me at all. If I increase dosage it just makes me feel weird and lightheaded and a little bit dizzy."
"40 YO Female just passed a 6mm stone that caused 3 weeks of renal colic followed by 2 months of being stuck in my bladder. CT showed it just outside my urethera. Urologist said surgery. I asked Google. This is where I came across info that indicated flomax could help though not FDA approved for use in women. I figured if the stone had already made it thru the kidney and ureter to the bladder it was certainly possible for it to travel just an inch further. So asked the Dr if I could try flomax before rushing into surgery and she agreed it couldn&#039;t hurt. Well it did hurt but only briefly in comparison to the entire episode. 2 pills (2 nights) and my 6 mm stone just kinda fell out. Long 3 month story short, I &lt;3 Flowmax!"
"Can&#039;t tell if it is working because it was prescribed after epidural. It was prescribed because I could not have orgasm even after 40+ minutes of stimulation when taking gabapentin. I am having the same problem with nortriptyline"
"Omg!!! This pill is awful. I took it with ginger ale.. You can&#039;t really taste them. I vomited 5 mins after taking the fourth pill. Its been three days since I took the one day dose. N forgot to take the pills for BV so I&#039;m taking those now. Overall I stop seeing yellow stuff n then again it started over all because I didn&#039;t take the BV pills. But the smell is gone.... Yyaaaa"
"I have never written one of these before, but my results have been amazing so I had to share! I was on Yaz for about 9 years to treat my acne, but it never, in 9 years cleared my skin! I struggled with cystic acne mainly on my chin and forehead and literally always had a pimple on my face. After starting Loryna, my skin began to clear up! Now I&#039;m about to start my third pack and my skin is completely clear! I literally get like one pimple right before my period but its gone before my period is even over. I have no side effects. This has seriously changed my life and it&#039;s so worth a try!"
"I&#039;m 60, male, have been on bupropion xl 150 for 2 months. A little anxious the first few days but feel great now. Took away the lowest dark moods i&#039;ve had for decades. Some decrease in libido but manageable. Contrary to reports i&#039;ve read, has brought back my ability to remember things and focus much better. Has quietened the negative internal dialogue i&#039;ve heard for years. I work out hard, have a very physical job, and if anything it&#039;s given me more energy. I do notice I sweat more, and though I work a graveyard shift, hasn&#039;t hurt my sleeping. More vivid dreams, but I like the show. Almost a vegetarian (only meat is fish),  eating habits unchanged. Don&#039;t plan to take this long term, but so far, so good."
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for more than two months and all I can do is complain about it. I started taking it to regulate my periods but all it&#039;s done is make me have no periods at all- which doesn&#039;t help much either. It made me break out so much, and I&#039;m always moody and angry.. as if I&#039;m PMSing all the time. Not to mention I get all the lousy pre-period symptoms such as back aches and cramps, but no bleeding. "
"My Diabetes has never been in such good control ever since I started using Humulin R U-500 Insulin. I recently got an insulin pump and this is the insulin that was used. The insurance I have now will not cover any insulin so I had to stop taking Humulin R U-500 due to the fact I cannot afford the out of pocket costs. I am a hard working woman with a good job but because I am not at the poverty level I am unable to get assistance with paying for this insulin. I have been off of this insulin for 2 days and my blood sugars are rising 250-500. I need this insulin and I need help in order to be able to start using it again."
"Was notified recently that the expensive drug Zetia now has a generic version called Ezetimibe however Zetia is a tier 3 drug and Ezetimibe is a tier 4 drug which means I will be paying even more than before since my plan will no longer carry Zetia after June 1,2017.  Unbelievable!!"
"I grew up playing classical piano and as I got older my hands would shake at every performance. By the time I was a senior in college it was anxiety provoking to play concerts. Then in my mid 20&#039;s the tremor starting happening in social situations, picking up glasses, soup is the worst, and even when I was alone. It has very little to do with feeling nervous. I have much empathy for all the comments about people saying &quot;are you nervous?&quot; It is so annoying. I saw a neurologist who started me on Primidone. I tried it for a few months at 50mg BID but it just didn&#039;t cut the tremor down enough. I&#039;m a medical student now and I felt like it slowed down my mind. I couldn&#039;t think quickly. Propranolol works the best for me 80mg ER."
"I have taken Adderall for over 6 yrs now. At first it was the best!  All my problems were solved. Higher concentration, longer attention span, lower appetite, more sociable.  It was awesome. But over the years the side effects have caught up to me.  Increased sweating, higher pulse rate, higher blood pressure, lower quality of sleep, dazed. My shoulder muscles are so tense all the time its almost painful.  I&#039;m prescribed 60mg a day, and that used to be great, but now if I take more than 30 mg my sleep quality suffers to the point where I&#039;m a zombie the next day.  Then I have to take more to feel normal, then I can&#039;t sleep again the next night.  But if I don&#039;t take it, I&#039;m completely useless for about 4 days.  Therefore, I can&#039;t stop taking it."
"This works well for me IF I take it with aspirin and tylenol. By itself, it does little - it would not be worth getting.  It also helps with sinus and/or migraines, again, only coupling it with aspirin and tylenol.  I have never had any of the &quot;interesting&quot; side effects that people describe, nor addiction.  I use it when I need it.  I can&#039;t help but think that the &quot;druggies&quot; (as someone else put it - pretty good descriptor) just THINK this stuff acts like a narcotic, and voila, placebo effect.  I just had to get a newly state mandated drug screen for this med.  I was squeaky clean, but also got a bill for $911 from the lab for the screen.  Thanks, druggies, for making it exceedingly difficult &amp; expensive for those of us who are legitimate."
"I&#039;ve been on keppra for about a year now. I am not the same person I use to be. I have lost motivation to do anything. I can&#039;t retain information. I introduce myself to people I already know because I can&#039;t remember anything even things I learned years ago. The worst part is I still have seizures. They just keep increasing the dose. I&#039;m up to 1500mg twice a day."
"Been having constipation for over a year due to autonomic neuropathy, I was only going perhaps once a week or less and than it was a small amount. I was diagnosed with gastroparesis and put on that medication. The constipation continued. Went back to the Gastrologist who prescribed this medication. 
On morning of the 9th day (8 days of taking med) it finally kicked in, filled the pot, twice that day. 
However, constipation continued to point I had blockage. 
I have had no relief since day 9, have used for 6 weeks so far.
I take the med same time each day.
Its like taking nothing, again.
I have started experiencing headaches, unknown if related to this particular medication or to the autonomic neuropathy.
Will be returning to dr for other ideas."
"I have tried neurontin, gabapentin, and a myriad of pain killers to mitigate my pain after multiple shin fractures.  After a month of taking it my pain went from well above a 10 to a 7 - 8 which is far more manageable. The cost with my current insurance is 50 for a month supply which is not too bad.  Worth the money for being able to lower my leg pain. The only symptom that I experience is a slight balance/dizzy feeling."
"The geodon could only contain the racing delusional thoughts and this medicine seems to balance the act out."
"It has calming effects that very scary at first. I was not used to a calm child, but it definitely works."
"I had been on Levoxyl (name brand) for about 10 years when they just recently decided to recall the medication from the pharmacy shelves.  I was on 0.50 mcg 3 times per week and 0.75 mcg 3 times per week with one day off altogether.  I did very well on it.  My thyroid had finally gotten to the normal range when they decided to pull it off of the shelves. Now I am at a loss as to what to take. The doctor put me on the Synthroid (Levothyroxine 50 mcg). I took it for a month. It was not too bad at first but as it started to build up in my system I began having tremors and feeling jittery all of the time with a weak feeling in my legs and muscles.  I am now on Synthroid but don&#039;t feel all that good."
"Works well to control my pain. I have been on fentanyl for 8 years. Converting to this drug has many good results.
There are however many side effects but I hope to control some by tolerance until drug is completely in system"
"I&#039;m 62 and have had spotty bleeding for the last 12 years, AFTER menopause had definitely set in.  Recently the bleeding has intensified with cramps and small clots.  Obviously something is wrong, but I need to get the bleeding under control first.  The doctor prescribed the Provera 10 mg once daily for 10 days.  It seemed to stop the bleeding if I took it to the exact hour every day, but if I missed a dose by a couple hours, then bleeding again.  So I doubled the dose and started taking 1 tablet every 12-18 hours, which helped, mostly.  The cramps have lessened but not disappeared.  And I&#039;ve had a dull headache for a week, with some relief as time goes on.  How long am I going to have to take this drug so I can stop wearing a pad?  Yuck."
"I was treated for kidney infection with 750 mg once a day for 7 days. Like other reviewers I had similar side effects ; terrible headaches , nausea, sleeplessness, aches in joints.  I&#039;m an avid tennis player and worry about tendon damage. I must admit the back pain is better in two days but still have frequent urination issues. The doctor ordered a culture which should be back soon and perhaps offer another alternative with fewer side effects."
"Gained weight.

Too much.

Fear of cholesterol and diabetes.

Less work.

Lost a girlfriend."
"So I had a very irritating yeast infection couldn&#039;t get an appointment from my doctor in time so I rushed and got Monistat 1 day max strength cause I wanted to feel better ASAP, it was 11:30 pm I followed instructions for use then decided to look at reviews which scared the crap out of me since people were saying this product didn&#039;t work made them cry and made them want to rip their burning vag off so now I&#039;m panicking waiting any moment for terrible burning side effects to kick in , woke up the next morning and never got any however I still had my symptoms &quot; irritated vulva &quot; the day went by I was trying to be patient and give it 24 hours to work. Now waking up the next morning I&#039;m pretty good no pain no irritation"
"I have been smoking for 14 years, since I was 12 yrs old, I am now 26 years old, I also have anxiety and depression problems, with out knowing buproprion was used also to help quit smoking, I quit smoking on my own, the urge was gone, but I had been wanting to quit, a lot of this is will power but&#039;s much easier while taking the medicine, I was happier (the medicine) and whenever I smelt a cigarette it was disgusting I hated it, buproprion has that effect on you. I would definitely recommend the wellbutrin (buproprion) it also helps with the mood swings that occur from quitting."
"I&#039;ve been taking gabapentin 300 mg for 2 nights and I&#039;ve slept like a baby
 No side effects in the morning."
"The shot is great for forgetful people like myself. Also if you have bad cramps and/or heavy miserable periods. I&#039;ve been on the shot for almost 3 years and it has been a good run; no period, no weight gain. However, I have absolutely NO sex drive. I feel out of touch with my body and emotions."
"I took Mucinex D 7 hours ago and I can&#039;t sleep and my sinus&#039; didn&#039;t clear up a bit. "
"This is the one thing I can always count on to help me when I am in need . I have dealing with anxiety and depression my whole life I am 23 . It is great for calming you down I don&#039;t know what I would do without it"
"Please do your homework before taking this awful drug. My Dr. never told me about any potential side effects and I got them ALL. So sick for months with severe lower back pain radiating around the front. Severe upper GI issues with nausea and haven&#039;t been able to eat for months. Lost 15 lbs so fast that my skin is all wrinkles and lose. I look 20 years older than before taking this drug. Spent so much time at Dr&#039;s trying to figure out what was wrong with me and all tests came back negative. Only possible thing is Prolia shot. Headaches, chronic fatigue, poor sleep. Ended up in ER thinking I was having a heart attack...pain was debilitating. At least I found out my heart is good. Have had 3 additional episodes like this. BEWARE"
"This medicine saved me.  Starting about the age of 15 I began to experience menstrual cramps for the first time.   It was the very worst pain I had ever felt at that time.  Not content to only hurt in my lower abdomen the pain radiated all the way down the front of my legs to my ankles.  I couldn&#039;t sit still.  All I could do was pace back and forth crying.  I couldn&#039;t find a single pain reliever that worked; we had the usual in the house, aspirin, ibuprofen, even Midol.  Finally my mother became so worried she took me to the doctor.  I thought I was going to have to be on some kind of strong prescription medication.  What does he do, he returns to the room with about 50 samples of Aleve and it has been my miracle drug ever since."
"Oh my God!!  I am really glad that I have eaten really lightly for the last few days and nothing at all today.  It works alright!  Felt full and kind of bloated after the first glass and by the third, I was running for the bathroom.  Still have half to go but am afraid to leave the bathroom to drink it!  They better get a good look tomorrow because I am not doing this again!  Lol"
"First off, I was 25 and childless.  I had tried the pill, but I am a poor forgetful soul, and that was unacceptable. The patch left an icky mark that hurt my skin.  I am married so we are beyond condoms.  My Mirena insertion, a year and a half ago, was somewhat painful, so I took a nap.  I had some cramps for the first two weeks, probably due to getting used to the hormones in the IUS.  My first cycle afterward, the blood seemed thin and only lasted a few days.  I have not had a period since. I really like Mirena because it&#039;s easy and I don&#039;t have to think about it. My sex drive is still great, and I don&#039;t have to pay every month for birth control.  I just wanted to explain all of the side effects I experienced so others could be informed."
"Worked well."
"The best drug for severe depression except you cannot eat cheese or drink red wine.  But try TMS which is not a drug and has no side effects or if necessary ECT which is the gold standard and is much different then in &quot;The One Flew Over The days."
"I have been on Deplin 15mg for about 3.5 months. I have the mutation and was hopeful that this would help. I noticed no change whatsoever in my anxiety or depression. I also started having severe joint pain and nothing had changed but adding Deplin. My doctor recommended that I stop the Deplin. I have been off for 3 days and continue to have joint pain. Would love to hear from others with a similar experience."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication since Mar 2015. Started out on 75mg a day and found the side affects were horrible. Tiredness, dizziness.It just became to much and couldn&#039;t function. Doctor drop it to 50mg a day and my heart beat drops below 50bpm which is scary and blood pressure drops."
"I took Methadone for 2 years for back pain. I never use it for Herion addiction. After I stopped using it ( which was 3 years ago) I still can not be medicated with any of the other opiates, or any type of tranq, not even cold medicine All my DR could say was, I&#039;ve got a lot of patients like you. What the heck does the mean, that I&#039;m on my own? Next time I have surgery I guess I drink a fifth of whiskey and bite the bullet? Does anyone a medicine that can help reverse this,"
"I didn&#039;t think I&#039;d be writing this but I realized there&#039;s probably a lot of scared women/men out there who need some help. IT WORKS. IT TAKES TIME BUT IT WORKS! Stressing out was the worst mistake during this because it will cause your period to delay even more. It made me depressed and the cramps are terrible. But once I woke up and went pee this morning there it was. I&#039;ve never been so happy to see my period!! Exactly a week after I had taken Plan B one step it had finally came. My advice is to be patient and do things to get it off of your mind. Looking at good reviews really helped me out!"
"I have been annoyed all the time since I can remember. Always a pessimist. I figured if I expected the worst possible scenario anything better was a win.
It was as if I was at war with the world, everything was a battle. Been on Welbutrin for 6 weeks now, 300mg a day in 2 doses to start.
Gave me ridiculously bad headaches (I suffer from migraines already) but my mood, interest, and general sense of well being were better. Doc changed me from 2 doses to 3 doses a day (still 300 mg). No more headaches but slight insomnia so far. 3-4 hours a night now, usually get 6-7 hours of sleep.
And I have the dry mouth as well. I will deal with the insomnia and cotton mouth. To me this is worth it."
"I don&#039;t even write reviews but I have to because this birth control is terrible. I would have panic attacks and was depressed for the first couple of weeks but it went away. But now I have been bleeding HEAVILY FOR A WHOKE MONTH. I&#039;ve never had adnormal bleeding and it&#039;s just a terrible birth control."
"I&#039;ve been on Lyza for just about 4 months and I haven&#039;t any issues up until recently. No weight gain, no cravings, no lack of sex drive, no moodiness, just spotting. I have also never had a pimple in my life and have had one or two now. I was on Ortho-Cycln for 16 yrs with no issues but had to switch to this one because of age and my history of migraines. I&#039;ll take the spotting over everything else. And it beats getting pregnant!"
"I have tried almost every antidepressant out there in the last 20 years. Wellbutrin, Effexor, Prozac, Zoloft, and a few I can&#039;t remember with little to no effect. Viibryd has been the absolute best and made a huge difference life is much more enjoyable and I have a lot more energy and actually want to get out and do things again. My irritability has gone way down. Another great thing is it doesn&#039;t decrease your sex drive at all if anything it has increased because I feel so much better."
"I was diagnosed in Nov 2006.  Avonex did not work, so early in 2007 I started on Rebif.  6 years no relapses.  I would get very bad headaches on the 2 day stretch with no Rebif.  I made the mistake of stopping my Rebif for about 6 months and I had a relapse. Face is numb and legs and feet tingly. I regret stopping for the 6 months. I should have called MSlifelines and figured out how to manage the headaches.  Regardless, I am back on Rebif and will gladly stuffer a headache if I don&#039;t suffer any more relapses. If the goings good..don&#039;t quit!"
"The following are the scary details of my experience:

1. Headaches at the top right of my head.
2. Muscle cramps in my calves.
3. Constipation
4. Frequently wanting to urine. The output was about two tablespoons followed by severe tingling in both arms (I tolerated it for 2 days). This #4 item became scary. I came to this website, read the reviews and threw the rest of the pills in the garbage."
"Called Eli Lilly about their humalog 50/50 pen being stuck on 42 and not moving (still has over 180 units left), I was called a cow (slander) by their agent. Won&#039;t use their products anymore, still have the pen lost money on it. Shame on you Eli Lilly"
"I suffer from chronic sinusitis caused by allergies.  I also had a bad case of bronchitis a year and a half ago and 3 respiratory infections since.  I have tried a bunch of antibiotics, Claritin D, Zyrtec, Bendryl, Mucinex, Singulair, cough syrups and other OTC decongestants, herbal supplements, steroids, and the Neti Pot. Only the Neti Pot helped me feel better for an hour or so and washed away a lot of the allergens but the sinus inflammation and bronchial irritation due to post nasal drip returned fast. I just started using Allegra 3 days ago and the difference is remarkable.  I can breath again! I also sleep better and I don&#039;t feel tired all the time. I have not experienced any side-effects so far."
"It help me tremendously, I have a better life now thanks this medication. I feel great about myself and take life as it is, all my negativity has gone. I feel I can breathe again and the heavy baggage I have carried all my life has gone also. I&#039;m happy and everyday feels good!"
"This is a miracle drug. I&#039;ve been on Qsymia a year now. I went from 189 down to 152.  I&#039;m a fairly active 60 yr. old female but I don&#039;t diet or exercise.  I don&#039;t have time. I know, I know, I Don&#039;t wanna hear it, it&#039;s just the way it is. I&#039;ve had no side effects. With my coupon and insurance I&#039;ve paid $50.00 a month. I can tell you I was eating well above that :(.  I love this med. With summer coming I anticipating losing probably another 10 pounds."
"I was on Jolivette for over a year.  The first three months it was great; lighter periods, less PMS, no complaints.  After that grace period, it was all downhill.  I took it at the EXACT same time daily (down to the minute!) and I ended up with two long periods a month! One month I would have a regular period and the next I would have another period two weeks after my first.  It was frustrating to say the least. "
"I started having migraines last summer and the doctor prescribed Topamax.  I thought it was a miracle drug because it stopped all of my fibromyalgia pain, but after a year it quit helping. I had to get off the Topamax and Wellbutrin to start the Savella.  That week was terrible, but I am in my second week of Savella now and I am loving it.  It hasn&#039;t completely stopped my pain, but my energy is way up.  I have had no nausea, but I always take it during a meal.  I am waking up at 5am instead of my normal 7am, but other than that no sleep problems.  I am hoping the longer I am on 100mg per day, the better I will feel.  I was nervous to try Savella because of some of the reviews, but I am thankful I did."
"I had the mirena in for a little over 5 years. I spotted every now and then the first couple months but my doctor prescribed me estrogen to take for about a week to stop the bleeding. After that I was ok. I&#039;ve never had problems with depression untIl about two years ago. I was low in energy, didn&#039;t want to do much and I gained 25lbs in the last year. My hair also started coming out. At first I thought the depression, hair loss, and weight gain was just me but after reading other comments I see that it wasn&#039;t. I just got mine removed today and it&#039;s such a relief. I&#039;m going to give my body a rest to normalize itself  before I opt for the pill which is what I had my doctor prescribe me."
"Was given this medicine after bunion surgery and not told what the effects might be. got very tired, nauseated and very dry mouthed immediately was also given nausea medicine with this.  Went into respiratory arrest and cardio arrest at the same time.  Thank god I was revived.  I was clinically dead. This stuff is terrible"
"I just started treatment with Suboxone yesterday. I was in full WD 38 hrs in. 1 hour after the doctor gave me my first dose. The WD eased up drastically. I cannot believe that there is something out there that can help like this does. probably saved my marriage and my life."
"I occasionally get severe hiccups that only last 24 to 36 hours but when I get them I gasp for air I have 30 and 40 hiccups at the same time and Rapid concession and I&#039;m fighting to breathe and then I&#039;ll throw up, mostly stomach bile. I&#039;m in the hospital recovering from a surgery on my leg and I got the hiccups earlier this afternoon and I took a muscle relaxer and it didn&#039;t do anything the doctor prescribed me some Thorazine which I have never had and within 10 minutes of the injection in my arm my hiccups are completely gone I am a True Believer"
"I am not a fan of this pill. It&#039;s the first bc pill I ever took to help with irregular periods and pre menstral migraines. Although it did help my migraines a LITTLE, my period was worse than it was before and my emotions were going crazy. One minute I was laughing the next I was bawling over nothing. I was also woken up daily if I turned over in my sleep because my breasts were so sore 24/7. I took this pill about 4 or 5 months but would not recommend it."
"I was instructed to take this as needed for anxiety, however, it never helped. Which surprised my providers. I went through multiple doses before I was finally able to stop it and switch to a much more effective medication."
"I probably hold the record for the longest regular use of this drug!   Started taking Halcion .5 mg in 1982 (the year it came on the market, I think) and have taken it nearly every night for the past 33 years.  In all that time, I have missed maybe 20-30 nights total.   It is effective, staying in the bloodstream just six hours so you don&#039;t wake up groggy.   It works fast and helps me GET to sleep, which is my main problem.   I occasionally try going without it, but almost always get up around 1 a.m. if I haven&#039;t fallen asleep and take it.   After a number of years (maybe 8-10) the .5 mg strength was no longer available so I have taken .25 since then.  Frustrated that insurance will not cover it as it&#039;s been a great drug for me."
"I have been taking this for 3 months. My doctor said I could take it and skip the last row of pills in the 1st 2 packs so that I will only have a period every 3 months. I can tell you that has not been the case. I have been spotting irregularly ever since I started taking it. Sometimes it&#039;s for 3-4 day sometimes it seems like it is for 2-3 weeks on and off. Sometimes it&#039;s heavier than normal. I am asking to be changed to something else."
"The reviews I&#039;ve seen aren&#039;t the most accurate. Of course everyone is different, but this works for me. I was originally on Gildess (same dosage) and LOVED it. Yet, it was discontinued and I was put on Blisovi - which was literally the worst BC I&#039;ve ever been on. I talked to my pharmacist and was switched to this. If Gildess worked for you, this is the next best thing. Good luck!"
"I can&#039;t say enough about this product. I suffer from acne cysts that show up every few months. Using epiduo as a spot treatment has been a miracle.  I used to have to seek out a cortisone injection or wait out the long process of allowing the cyst to heal while looking absolutely terrible.  Now with the epiduo the cyst seems to form a head and heal within days of first arriving.  I&#039;d recommend this to anyone who has had the misfortune of dealing with these terrible deep acne cysts"
"It is the only thing that has helped me for the past 15 years for migraine and tension headaches. Did not feel great side effects."
"I was on Loestrin before it was discontinued and have been on minastrin for a little over a year now. Immediately starting, I stopped getting any sort of bleeding and started getting cyst zits around my second week of the pill each month (I never had any acne when I was a teen). This was tolerable until about nine months into the pill when I started getting large white heads all around my nose and chin. Bye bye minastrin!"
"DO NOT USE THIS DRUG.
I used it for post vasectomy infection prevention

Horrible drug with crazy side effects. I can&#039;t believe that this is legal to prescribe except for emergencies.

I only took 2 pills and 3 days later I still have aches and pains in joints all over my body. Joints are stiff and I have to walk slowly. Now I have to worry about a possible tendon rupture even months from now.

I also have tinnitus (ringing in my ears) which is CONSTANT. After taking the very first pill I felt light-headed, out-of-it and almost passed out. I should never have taken the 2nd.

This drug is insanely overpowered and should only be used if there is no alternative. It attacks your joints, tendons, muscles, digestive tract and nervous system."
"For 10 years I took a 50 mg of Diphenhydramine at bedtime.  It helped me to get to sleep most of the time.  Then it stopped working.  Now I take Trazodone and it works much better.   My initial dose was 100 mg and I slept fitfully with mild hallucinations.  I decreased the dose to 50 mg and slept much better with some dreams all pleasant and no nightmares.  Now I take 25 mg at bedtime, and another 12.5 mg (1/4 pill) if I wake up during the night.  I&#039;ve been on this regimen for three months and have not had any side effects; I wake up refreshed and don&#039;t feel sleepy in the mornings."
"I can&#039;t believe it. It is just like everybody says it is! I never respond to medications this well. After 2 days I feel like a different person. Everything is better! I don&#039;t care if this drug took 20 years off my life, it is worth it!"
"After being on 900mg a day of quitiapine and gaining 8 stone in weight, I knew something wasn&#039;t right. Yes I was stable but I was also numb and lack lustre. Tried a few other meds but none agreed until lamotrigine appeared. Hallelujah!! 5 stone weight loss over 4 months without dieting and I felt like me again for the first time in 8yrs. Took a while to get correct dosage as it was originally too high and made me vomit. I still have major down times but they only last days instead of months. Mostly I am energetic and full of life but not to the point of hypomania. My outlook on life is far more positive and I am more responsible and far less chaotic. I also take small doses of pregabalin and respiridone."
"I have been using minoxidil 5% for a few months. Its working but the hair growing in is thin and very weak. I have had hair issues from wearing clip in extensions and now my hair will not grow over a few inches. Where the extensions rubbed on my scalp, hair will not grow back there. This Medication does work but hair breaks off and grows in as a strange texture. Plus it the side effects make me queezy."
"I&#039;ve only been on this pill for a week now and my breast have become bigger I was in a C and D in some but non of my C&#039;s fit me anymore. And I don&#039;t know if this effects it or not but I started the pill on the Sunday my period was on. i also am very  nauseous when I wait up or stand up for a long time. My hips have hurt very badly in the past couple of days. Really thinking about stopping this medication"
"Absolutely doesn&#039;t work. I&#039;m a 70 year old male. I exercise daily for 30 minutes and I eat a healthy diet. Just couldn&#039;t control portions. After 2 months I gained 1 pound. I had high hopes but this pill is a waste of time and money."
"Been taking since August of 2014. LOVE IT. Haven&#039;t gained any weight but I also work out regularly and eat healthy. Went up one cup size so far and they seem to be getting a little better which I don&#039;t hate! My acne has gotten a lot better. But there was about a week when I took it late everyday and I started breaking out bad. Sex is great, body looks good. Just a little more emotional than before too. Great for everyone!"
"I am a teen who suffered from borderline mild-severe acne. My dermatologist prescribed Epiduo. Nothing over the 6 weeks. She then put me on Doryx with it. I fell in love with my skin after about a week. It dried up current problem spots and never got a breakout. However, do NOT take in calcium while on this. The medicine will bind to the calcium and will not take effect. Whenever I eat a good amount of cheese, milk, or dairy, I break out. You should experiment with your diet if this medicine does not work for you."
"I started taking Contrave for menopausal weight gain. I srtated it 1 week before my fiance left me for a millionairess.  Not sure if it was depression or contrave (likely a combination), but I lost almost 30 pounds in a month.  Now it&#039;s been 6 months, and I&#039;m down 34 pounds.  I was vomiting the first week, but that went away quickly.  Only other side effect is slight muscle twitching.  I was barely overweight, but no diet or exercise would take the excess weight off.  I&#039;m thankful."
"I previously took Metronidazole (vaginal gel) while I was in my 36th week of pregnancy (BV) every night for 5 days gave birth prematurely the next week possibly due to the gel. A year later I tested positive for BV again and I opted for the gel again since I was breastfeeding, the antibiotics secretes in breastmilk, and because I can&#039;t swallow pills. Took it and BV symptoms returned a month later. Now, I opted for the horse pills and they recommended I crush it and mix it with apple sauce. I didn&#039;t have apple sauce so I asked if I could mix it with yogurt. Worst mistake of my life! Then I experimented and found: add the crushed pills to a medicine cup (2 tbspn/5mL) mixed with orange juice and then downing with a whole glass of OJ!"
"I&#039;m 37 and didn&#039;t always have issues with BP. I have been Norvasv 2.5.mg for about a month. It has made me worse. I have been to the ER twice because I feel lightheadedness. I feel like I am going to faint. I do not understand. I never had any issues until I started taking this medication. Has anybody else gone through this? Both hospitals couldn&#039;t find anything."
"I am 46 yrs old and have taken Effexor since 2000. It helps me balance myself. It really works and it calms myself down and relax. But never miss it for a day or so it will give you dizziness or nausea. I would let the people out there know that Effexor is the best antidepressant. It makes me focus my life on everything. Thank you for saving my life Effexor."
"I have been struggling with mild to severe acne since middle school. at the end of my senior year I started an accutane plan, 40mg for 6 months.

The beginning symptoms were exactly what I expected. Worsening of acne initially, then extreme dryness, and finally RESULT! My acne was vanishing I couldn&#039;t believe it! I was so excited and had the most confidence in forever.

That all came crashing down when the love of my life and girlfriend of 5 months tried to have sex on our 5 month , which was also valentine&#039;s day. Here we are, both virgins, about make love and I CANNOT GET AN ERECTION. I&#039;ve looked into it a bit and know that the first time can be difficult for a lot of guys. But it just didn&#039;t feel right, so I&#039;m posting a warning."
"I was skeptical. Read some reviews and they were so strong for or against. At first I did feel side effects. The first 3 weeks I thought there is no way I can take 4 a day. I listened to my body and waited an extra week to go up to full dose. The side effects of head ache and jittery had gone away by this point. I&#039;m 8 weeks in and I&#039;d say by week 5 I was feeling great! I&#039;m down 20lbs and less depressed. Food really doesn&#039;t matter "
"This is the absolute worst medication I have ever been on. I had severe anxiety, hot flashes, stomach pain, no appetite, sudden loss of positive body image, it caused me to have horrible cystic acne. I have so far cried every day that I have been on this medication (2 months). 

Before this drug I had a very positive body image, I had not needed my anxiety medication in 4 months, and had nearly perfect skin. This medications was horrible. I would not recommend this medication to anyone."
"I thought I had too much wine or was losing it; I am so glad to know I&#039;m apparently not the only who has tasted my eye drops. 

That&#039;s the only disadvantage to this medicine -- but nothing is perfect, right? The drops work wonderfully, and my eyes feel great after I use the medication."
"I&#039;m on day 5 of half a tablet. Pretty much getting all side effects that I don&#039;t want. Brain not slowing down, insomnia, nausea, less sex drive, no appetite and headaches. However, having read all the reviews today I will persist. Like everything in life, we have to give it a go. My manic depression has been up and down all my life and I&#039;ve been mainly on Zoloft in the past but that just didn&#039;t work in the end. 
I will give the the four weeks but think I will stick to half tablet. 
Thanks to everyone for sharing your stories, you inspired me to take today&#039;s tablet. Here&#039;s hoping I will be back to functioning with a less hyper mood swinging personality soon."
"I wanted to share because I had the liletta IUD inserted today and I was terrified after reading all these reviews. I almost didn&#039;t go through with it.  However, after a lengthy discussion with my doctor, I did.  And personally, the pain during was nothing. Literally felt like a small pinch.  And so far, I&#039;ve had no cramping.  Yes, I&#039;m bleeding but I&#039;m on my period, per my doctor the best time to put it in.  I can&#039;t believe how worked up I was about the pain, I&#039;m not saying the reviews are false because everyone is different but to anyone reading these who hasn&#039;t had it.  Don&#039;t fully take these to heart. You know your body.  Talk to your doctor. I&#039;m so glad I went through with it."
"So I had to switch from Caziant to this and the first month was fine but all of a sudden I&#039;m always angry and although I don&#039;t break out normally I have acne all over my cheeks and like I&#039;ve seen with other people I think I might have a yeast or bacteria infection, which I have never had before."
"I resisted hormone treatment for years because of the possible negative effects for post-menopausal women. But finally I decided that the stress of the hot flashes (20 to 25 per day, yikes) was worse for my heart than the hormones would be. My doctor started me off with one spray, which cut the hot flashes in half within a week. We went to two sprays, which reduced them to 2 or 3 a day, which I can live with. This is an amazing product, and the delivery system is very intelligently designed. To help prevent gynecological repercussions, I also take Prometrium for the first 10 days of alternate months, and I get an ultrasound twice a year."
"I am 24 years old, have had one child.  I got the Mirena put in about 9 weeks after delivery which was one week ago.  Didn&#039;t hurt at all. My doctor did use numbing spray on my cervix though.  After I left the doctors I experienced slight cramping and have continued too off and on for about a week now.  Spotting is slight and more of a brownish discharge then actual blood.  I have also experienced some yeast like symptoms, itching mostly.  My doctor says that this could be because my body is still adjusting to the Mirena.  Otherwise I&#039;m very happy and will post again in a few weeks."
"Has brought down my pressure greatly."
"My husband had his wisdom teeth surgically removed a few days ago. His doctor prescribed this medicine for the pain and he says it really helps him. They were giving him this in the hospital and he went from a 7 to a 2. I say it does what it is supposed to do very well. He hasn&#039;t had any upset stomach problems yet, but it does put him to sleep."
"I have been on Neurontin for 3 months now for anxiety. I started at 100 mg 3x a day and now at 600 mg 3x a day and very happy with that dose. I very rarely have to take my Vistaril. Before taking this my anxiety got so severe that I actually feared planes crashing on top of me every time I heard one go by. I only experienced mild sedation when I started it and it is gone now. No other side effects. It may not work for everyone, but I would definitely recommend giving it a try to anyone who&#039;s doctor recommends it!"
"Use this for about nine months. I have one toe that is about 70% cleared up, this is my big toe on my left foot. My toenail fungus is severe and all toenails on my left foot . Also, I have fungus on my big toe and little toe of my right foot, but very little, and not severe.
The medicine seems to help with keeping my right foot nails in check but not completely clearing them up.  
 On my left footmy toes are severely infected and only the big toe and one other are  obviously getting better,  but only the big toe is far along.
I plan on continuing the medicine for as long as I can.     I&#039;ve had fungus on my toenails for 11 years and tried several different approaches to clearing it with this one being the only One to cause new clear nail."
"I was prescribed Seroquel for PTSD. Never again. 25 mg, I had the worst panic attack if my life, I could barely walk, but I was so scared I kept trying to run around. It was horrible. I went absolutely crazy then passed out hard. Not my kind of medication.

My mother inlaw takes 250 mg a day for schizophrenia, she has for six months now,  so far it is not helping her delusions, hallucinations, paranoia. She was told to take it at supper time and seemed drunk and sedated all evening. She now takes it at bed time but it is not helping her. :("
"Well, I was riding an unbroken horse and she decided to stand up on me and fell back anatomically in half on me. Least to say I was in some serious pain..... Went to the E.R. and doc said that it was only a severely bruised spine..... Put me on Lortab 7.5/500&#039;s,  Flexeril, and an anti-inflammatory. They are working great and noticed that it cut my pain greatly."
"I&#039;m giving this a 5 because it did its job, which is preventing me from getting pregnant. However, like many other reviewers on here..the nonstop, irregular bleeding is horrendously affecting my life. I&#039;ve never felt so trapped.  I am constantly paranoid whenever I go out, always asking a close friend or family member I&#039;m out with to check to see if I&#039;m leaking through my pants, I&#039;m over it. I want to get it removed but the convenience of it is partially the reason why I also want to keep the implant in. My doctor prescribed Loestrin to counteract the irregular bleeding and while it helped (a lot), the minute I stopped taking the pills, the bleeding became irregular once again."
"Very expensive but worth it. I&#039;ve have football knees and a bad back. This cleans up the stiffness and gets things circulating. Eat right after you take it. I have been taking this for years and I&#039;d be lost without it."
"I&#039;m male and read that Melasma only affects about 10% of the male population. I have olive complexion and have sensitive skin; so I figured the dark spots on my cheeks were from shaving. I finally decided to go to a dermatologist and he diagnosed and prescribed Tri-Luma. It has worked! after 5 weeks co-workers have noticed. It&#039;s great seeing clear, even toned skin again!"
"Completely changed my life for the better. I&#039;ve had panic attacks for as long as I can remember, literally. I should have been diagnosed at a young age and who knows how things would have turned out, BUT it does help tremendously. I get that doctors are hesitant to prescribe it because it is scheduled and realistically you will be on benzocdiazepines forever if you have serious panic problems like I do, and I know many of you know how debilitating this disease is.  But what is better; intractable panic all day with your teeth being ground down and your BP 200/120, or being on a relatively harmless controlled substance that can give you a life? Not a hard choice to me!"
"So far I&#039;ve noticed a major difference in my heart rate, which before at rest varied from 108-140, and now it varies from 70-105. As for my blood pressure before it used to be 135-160/90-111 and the lowest it&#039;s been so far is 132/87 so we are making improvement. I am a healthy active young 20 year old female so I really hope that my blood pressure is in the 115/70ish zone soon."
"I have been taking since May and I am sick every day. I have never felt this bad taking any medication my doctor is going to have to put me on something different."
"Taking this medication in conjunction with a corticosteriod (triamcinolone) topical cream did the best for me and also promoted the healing of most of the acne related scaring."
"Iv&#039;e been on comcerta 2 weeks now n just gone up to 36mg I&#039;ve had ADHD all my life and only just been diagnosed, always wondered why I can be anything I want end up going off the rails! Anyways this medication has basically changed me in a good way, I think if u really have ADHD this medication works n only doesn&#039;t work when u haven&#039;t got it! First week struggled sleeping but fine now, n theres no loss on my appetite I just don&#039;t crave the sugar n junk food that I used to so its a win win for me coz I&#039;m a boxer and been in sport all my life! I can focus proper n its basically a miracle, for me, so far like :)"
"I have dealt with depression stemming from an incident in my profession.  I was initially on Zoloft for about 1-2 years.  It worked OK but after a while not so much and all I got from it was that zombified &quot;what&#039;s the point of life anyway&quot; feeling.  I switched to Pristiq and it was much better.  It cuts the depression but doesn&#039;t give you that blahed out zombie feeling that the SSRIs can do.  I don&#039;t have much of the side-effects luckily.  I have noticed it takes longer to ejaculate (but I think my wife sort of likes that part of it- sorry for too much info). Anyway Pristiq is a great medicine.  I noticed some people here had bad experiences with it.  I think that&#039;s to be expected with all antidepressants. Keep trying and find the right one."
"I have been taking this pill for over 30 years, one pill a day , never had problem with my panic attacks again, not addicting for me !"
"I took Arava for about one year. It worked fabulously for the rheumatoid arthritis. I was even going to aerobics and kick boxing. However, my hair started to fall out and I ended up with no eyebrows. Needless to stay I stopped taking it and my rheumatoid arthritis has not been good ever since. My hair grew back but in some spots it did not. I still have some bald spots in my eyebrows. I was not very happy about that as I am only 35."
"I started out on Yaz and Yasmin. I have been losing my hair ever since. Suddenly I was switched to Ocella with no warning. I experienced the most beautiful skin and 2 day periods, but the hair loss did not stop. I was tested for PCOS but that&#039;s a negative. I have not experienced nausea, headaches, and definitely no decrease in sex drive. My PMS has always been terrible and that hasn&#039;t changed either way. I asked my doctor about the hair loss and was told that it could not be the birth control. Unfortunately I lost my job and my insurance. I was without birth control for 4 months. During that time my hair started to grow back. I am now back on Ocella and my hair is still growing back. I am 30 yrs old, I have been taking Ocella since it came out. I&#039;m a fan."
"worst birth controL. BADDD MOOD SWINGS! ive been taking for about a year and ive noticed all i do is cry over dumb shit. I am starting to have really bad anxiety and i quit i didnt even finish the whole back. everytime near my period i get angry . dont take this. please."
"I&#039;ve been depressed for most of my life but was raised to &quot;tough it out&quot;. I am a recovering opioid addict so I am scared to take any medication at all. The last 3 years I&#039;ve completely withdrawn from any social activities, relationships &amp; have just been doing the bare minimum to get by. Recently my oldest son turned 18 &amp; has severed ties with me. This took me to the lowest low I&#039;ve ever been &amp; made me suicidal. For the sake of my younger son, I chose to get help. I was put on 20mg of prozac &amp; have been on it for 3 weeks. I wish I would have done this sooner. Through my recovery from opioids, I&#039;ve learned that pills are not the answer so these combined with counseling is the solution I&#039;ve needed for a long time. I hope this helps others."
"I&#039;m an army wife and the clinic here switched me too this birth control after 3 years of a different pill. Well, after a couple months I&#039;ve experienced longer periods, a depleted sex drive and a harder to reach climax. I am not happy since my husband just got back from Iraq and we should be having the best sex right now. "
"I was considered &quot;special&quot; and was taking 150mg Zantac and 40mg pantoprazole. The doctor varied my treatment over a period of one year but I was still complaining of burning tongue. Different doctor advised Zantac only as needed and 2-1/2 weeks later, I feel so much better."
"I switched birth control and my boyfriend last week told me he was able to feel the ring. He said it hurt him. I can&#039;t take the ring either. I have back pains and always feel lousy. Time to switch back to the pill. "
"This drug provides great concentration for a couple hours. However, after a couple hours I predictably experience extreme anxiety, depression, and irritability. It can easily cause you to get into an argument with someone you love because you are so easily irritated and frustrated by anything. The anxiety is the worst. Being a previous smoker, Adderall increases my craving to smoke by ten fold (a habit I have quit and hardly have cravings for anymore). I also find that the drug clouds my ability to think when doing brain intensive work such as programming, math, or even typing. I think that might be related to the dosage though. I don&#039;t recommend this medication to anyone (other than those with severe ADHD)."
"I was placed on Stelara Jan 2016 after suffering Moderate to Severe Psoriasis for 43 yrs (Im 47) yup my whole life with this hideous curse. Stelara for me was great I had NO SIDE EFFECTS I went from 80% covered to less then 10% after the 4th injection. Severe pain forced me to seek biologics not vanity. In Oct 2016 I was diagnoised with Thyroid Cancer and was removed from Stelara for next 2 yrs. &quot;Sigh&quot; Stelara DID NOT cause my thyroid cancer I was sick with thyroid issues a couple of years prior to using Stelara even after repeated visits to my Doctor and many specialists who all told me for 3 years my issues were in my head and after all this it ended up being all in my throat. Psoriasis sufferers are treated like complainers by most Dr."
"It is great for muscle spasms and or pinched nerve."
"I was on the Depo shot for 11 years. I never had a period the entire time. It made me moody, psycho and out of control crazy. It made me gain weight (from 95lbs when I started the shot to 133lbs when I stopped it). I am 5 ft 3 with a very small frame, 133 lbs is too much for my body. Talked to my Dr. and got Lutera instead. It is very low hormones. I can honestly say that the Depo made me crazy. This pill has changed that. In the first month I noticed the improvement in my moods. My breast size increased from B to C, although tenderness occurs occasionally. Has helped grow my hair, and has regulated my periods."
"Dr tried to get me to switch to this from Ambien.  I finally gave in and was given six 15mg samples.  I am on the 5th night, and have fallen asleep 1 time before 2am.  Tonight I took it at 9:30 along with my melatonin ultra and benadryl.  It is now almost 12:30 and I&#039;m wide awake.  I&#039;ll probably get some sleep around 4a.m. like I generally do, but I will wake up feeling awful.  This drug gives me the worst feeling in the morning, like I&#039;m sleepwalking with a migraine.  I&#039;m going back on the Ambien."
"I&#039;ve tried about 5 different birth controls over the past two years, I started with Yasmin and even tried Lo-Seasonique. I had side effects ranging from extreme hormonal emotions, weight gain and migraines. Since starting this pill almost a year ago I have had absolutely NO negative side-effects and I would recommend this to anyone looking for a birth control that&#039;s not only reliable but doesn&#039;t effect your weight or your emotions."
"First cycle on these and I&#039;ve been having breakthrough bleeding for 2 months now. In one week I will go on spacers, not sure if i want to continue, its so frustrating. I did have headaches when I just started cycle, but those went away after 3 days. Breast tenderness lasted the entire time."
"Never written a review in my life. Was often on these sites reading peoples experiences and hoping 1 day i would be me again. Im not me , im happier then i can remember . When your used to living with anxiety daily you dont realise how it actually feels to be &quot;normal&quot;. Suffered panic attacks at night that came from absolutely nowhere, no warnings or triggers and gradually effected my day to day life. Started 50mg, first 2 weeks side effects were pretty harsh ; insomnia , increase anxiety , nausea. Was having second thoughts at 4 weeks as didnt see much improvement . Week 5 felt like a switch was turned on in my head. Give this drug 6-8 weeks minimum. it has been life changing for me"
"Seroquel helped my paranoia and really kept me mentally stable, but I also was tired all the time, sometimes sleeping for 15 hours a day. I also gained 30 pounds within three months of being on Seroquel. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this medicine for anyone who does not wish to rapidly gain weight."
"I have suffered from cluster headaches for 7 years. My doctors have tried it all on me then one day I was administered this. A God send after so many years of pain and emotional turmoil."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 4 months, and it&#039;s effectiveness is unrivaled to Copaxone and/or Rebif previously taken.  I have returned mentally and physically to state prior to diagnosis."
"My doctor is having me take this medication because I have excessive bleeding. So far the bleeding has stopped but I&#039;m on day 10 and the side effects are kicking in.  I have breast tenderness, stomach cramps and I makes me very tired.  Overall so far it has done what it needs to do.  I go off of it in 2 days I&#039;m hoping that my body will regulate."
"I have had RLS for years but since going off clanazapam 1 year ago it increased so severely afternoon, evening, and night I was going crazy. Peripexole at 2mg finally stopped it. I tried other meds and all suggestions I could find on the Internet. For about 2 months I have been taking iron, more magnesium with my calcium, folic acid, good multi, and hope it is helping. The peripexole has been a life saver. I do not have insurance but I get my meds at universal drugstore, a online drugstore in Canada. The peripexole comes from the UK and is really cheap compared to all the prices elsewhere."
"I tried this after going off Cymbalta cold turkey since I felt that Cymbalta was doing basically nothing for me and worse yet - making me clench my teeth so badly I was getting regular migraines from the TMJ I was getting! Wish the heck I had known Cymbalta had the &quot;less common&quot; side effect of clenching and I could have saved myself a ton I agony, massage therapy, CHIRO visits and muscle relaxers! Anyway as for Buspirone - took between 10 mg and 15 mg 2x day for nearly a whole month and it did virtually nothing for my anxiety! This was especially bad because Cymbalta&#039;s withdrawal is horrible and I was experiencing extreme irritability, anger etc. I asked for Prozac 10 mg yesterday and feel 85% better already!"
"I just finished my first month, and this is what I&#039;ve found. No noticeable weight gain. The first week or so I was waking up nauseous, but since then it&#039;s gone away. I&#039;m not pregnant. Continued to get pretty bad cramps the first day of my period. I do tend to be a little more tired throughout the day. Overall, so far so good!"
"Just started taking this today after a week of irritability and either wanting to sleep all day or not sleeping at at.  Horrible taste, but like the idea of a sweet tart with it.  As soon as I took it, my tongue went numb and I felt very loopy as well. I feel asleep within an hour but only slept about two hours and I feel better already.  I have tried a lot of medicines myself and am hoping that this is the one. The only thing I am worried about it weight gain, but I am going to cross my fingers that with a healthy diet and hopefully some energy (I haven&#039;t felt like doing anything at all). I will be able to control it.  Will definitely update in a week or two to advise on how things are going."
"Awful experience on depo. Only had one shot - never again. Bleeding non stop for 3+weeks. Serious mood changes and anxiety. Total loss of libido! Been to the docs twice but nothing can counteract it so stuck with it making me feel lousy till it wears off. Do not recommend this contraceptive to other women. I would rather have be sterilised than feel the way I do !"
"Im not sure if its doing anything. 

No side effects.

O.5 mg 2x daily."
"Been on opioids for a few years.  Taking Miralax for constipation.  Dr asked this month how my constipation was going. When I mentioned going twice a week she seemed to think that wasn&#039;t good so have me samples of movantik 25mg.  Took first time before dinner and it worked great!  Thought I would just take when feeling constipation.  A few days later took a morning dose.  I used the bathroom fine but afterwards Oh the Pain!  The worst stabbing lower intestine pain I&#039;ve ever felt.  It came in waves for hours.  Bent over thinking of going to the ER.  I&#039;ve been impacted before and had to go to the ER.  So embrassing but would choose that over mavantix every time!"
"Nuvaring is fabulous for spontaneity. A  for that. My problem with nuvaring is the same problem I had on the pill, minipill and patch .. depression, rage, irritability, terrible nightly nightmares. I&#039;ve found I simply can&#039;t take hormonal birth control. But if you can, this will be THE product for you."
"I am 41 years old and like many who have already posted, wished the doctors would just be more up front regarding the side effects.  I think it would be more manageable, as sometimes I think I am crazy.  I have had peeling of my hands, foot swelling,  foot pain, decreased sex drive, fatigue, and yeast infections.  I have taken Tamoxifen for 2 years and am on the 10 year study.  My children are my motivation for taking this medicine."
"After 8 years, five different doctors, and just about every possible prescription and home remedy, I finally found something that works.  I have been taking Topamax for five months and love it.  The only side effects have been a change in my taste buds and the tingling sensation.  My doctor wanted to increase the dosage.  However, after reading about the drug, I think the severities of the side effects are directly related to the dosages.  My dosage is 25 mg twice daily and sometimes I only take it one a day.  For those who are still suffering, I am sorry.  Don&rsquo;t give up hope.  Something has to work and until then try the pain medication."
"I have been on the shot since April of 2015, and I have had a time with it. Bleeding every day, decrease in my sex drive and it even hurts to have intercourse, and cramps here and there. Today, at this very moment, I am experiencing extreme cramps. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s because the shot is a wearing off, but it hurts like hell. Not only from my experience do I want to stop taking it, but the reviews and news reports I see about this shot, I&#039;m definitely not trying to have any extra health issues. I&#039;m only 20. The only good thing about the shot is that it calmed my cramps when I had my period. Without the depo, when my period comes around, I can do no kind of activity what so ever. I use to call out of work or miss class once a month."
"So far after only a few hours I have only experienced mild diarrhea sucks being stuck on the toilet but other then that nothing to serious so far"
"After only a month on Ocella I have noticed my skin clearer than ever! I have a higher sex drive than ever, and I have actually lost a couple pounds. More than happy with this birth control."
"At the start, after 2 injections, I was 99.5% cured, then the NHS decided to stop my treatment on the retirement of my Dr , in 5 weeks, the Psoriosis returned, worse than it had ever been, after 8 weeks still no treatment forth coming, my whole body was burning red hot &amp; 75% scaley,  had an injection 3 months ago, 99.9% of my body had cleared of Psoriosis in 2 months, I am due my next one next week, the NHS is holding it back again, I am dreading what is going to happen to me &amp; my body if i don&#039;t get the next injection."
"This drug has given me my life back. No more fear of leaving the safety of my toilet. I&#039;m free again and can&#039;t believe how good it feels. I&#039;m back to normal."
"i was on Alesse for three months. I had no side effects and my periods were alot lighter and less painful. It cleared up my acne. my only complaint is that my periods in the 2nd and 3rd month of using this pill came a whole week earlier than it was supposed to there for i switched to a different pill."
"Second colonoscopy,  first time, I was given pills to take with lots of liquid. Suprep method   is harder, lots of water/ liquid to drink in a short time, that being said it started working within 10 min., wasn&#039;t expecting such fast results! TASTES TERRIBLE!  BUT Ice cold water to mix prep helps, I also had some warm chicken broth that I drank after finishing the prep solution, helps get that sickening sweet aftertaste out of your mouth  , the slice of lemon &amp; the straw also made ingesting this stuff bearable."
"It&#039;s main idea works great. I don&#039;t  have to worry about pregnancy. On the negative side I get constant headaches, nausea, and vomiting and it is hard to sleep. Been using it for 2 months."
"Hello, Ive had Nexplanon for four years (just got a new one a year ago) and loved it for the first three years.  

I never noticed or realized that it may be due to nexplanon that I&#039;ve gained 15lbs... I thought it was the stress from Grad school but now I am realizing it may be because of the implant.  I get occasional headaches but not that often.

Overall, I LOVE the convenience of Nexplanon. I love not getting my period often. I love not getting cramps anymore. I have not bled for more than 5 days. So I would definitely say I&#039;ve enjoyed my time with Nexplanon.

Now I am considering taking it out because of how difficult it is to lose the excess weight. I do crossfit and have not lost any fat... It may be time to say my farewell Nexy."
"I am almost on my second pack and I have had 3 periods in the time I have been taking this. I&#039;m constantly nauseated and feel the need to throw up &amp;  have painful cramps the first day of each period."
"I had this for a Infection in left finger nail and I broke out in large hives all over my body after one dose of medication."
"In response to Natalie- why didn&#039;t your doctor wean you off this medication? By just  cutting your dose by half-if that&#039;s what he/she did here,  no wonder you&#039;re experiencing such horrific side effects - speak up! My daughter just started taking this for panic disorder brought about by MIf the RX only comes in capsule form at those two doses- then there needs to be advocacy to change this so there is a way to wean off this med! So many people report negative side effects- withdrawal shouldn&#039;t be torture and you might need to find a more compassionate doctor- it astonishes me the lack of empathy some professionals have- considering their career choice- if they can&#039;t be compassionate, they should stay AWAY from patients and stick to reearch!"
"Can not believe how much this med has helped me. So much more focused and I&#039;m able to tackle larger projects with out feel so overwhelmed. I&#039;m in my 50s and did not even think I had ADHD. My Dr picked up on that. Life is so much better now. I have been de cluttering and organizing my home and life like I have always wanted to do. Very happy with this med"
"I am 19 years old with severe acne. I took this when I was around 16 or 17 for about 3 months. I was never happier with how my face looked I had absolutely not one pimple after taking this for 3 months BUT I stopped taking it because I was happy with the results when I was supposed to take it for 9 months. Don&#039;t do that! Because my acne came back almost just as bad. I hear if you take it for the full amount it works though. I honestly had no real side effects. I think because I only took it for 3 months."
"I just switched to the IUD after being on Levora for about 7 years.  I lost about 10 lbs in the month and a half (about) since getting off levora and my sex drive is back.  My friend also just got off levora and is shedding pounds"
"I have been on Deplin for six days and I am amazed with the change in my emotions and feelings. I take 7.5mg of Deplin and 60 mg of Prozac and I am pleased with my increased defenses to deal with my daily life.  I feel like myself again for the first time in 10 yrs.  I hope Deplin will continue to provide me with the positive attitude that I am now feeling. I feel like a whole new person."
"I have used the kid version with success for my children. It does work well to stop a dry cough. It lasts 8 hours, rather than 12. 
Unfortunately, the last time I used it for my child, she ended up dry heaving for hours and had a bout of explosive diarrhea. It stopped once the medicine wore off (about 8 hours after her dose)."
"I suffered for a year with Uticaria. I tried steriods and several other allergy medications. To no avail. Finally after seeing many Doctors, one gave me Xyzal to try. The first day I took it I had almost immeadiate relief. My hives, swelling of joints and what I called &quot;attacks&quot; (could not stop sneezing, feeling my throat close and face start to swell up) all but disappeared. I have been taking Xyzal daily for almost 2 years and have experienced no side effects whatsoever. It gave me my life back."
"Six weeks postpartum of having my baby I started experiencing UTI symptoms. After two rounds of antibiotics, ruling out appendicitis, the dr. concluded it must be a kidney stone. Told me to drink lots of water. For a month I experienced dull pain, extreme pain, to no pain. Finally I had excruciating pain. My hubby drove me to the hospital. Went to the Outpatient building (to avoid ER cost). Got CT scan and KUB scan. The urologist fit us in that day to look over. I had a 7mm stone that had reached my ureter. She prescribed Flomax. After 1 dose and 9 hours later, I passed the stone. Didn&#039;t even feel it pass! Woke up next morning and didnt feel pain. Went back to Outpatient for KUB scan and showed no stone! Only symptoms were dizziness."
"I&#039;m 15 years old and I have taken a wide variety of antidepressants. I find Lexapro to be one of the better ones. I take 10mg of Lexapro and it does alright. I have noticed a 10  Pound weight gain on about 1 1/2 months of taking this. From my experiences with antidepressants, I do not like them. This is my 4th antidepressant and I just can&#039;t find the right one."
"Aside from nervousness for a couple of hours after injection, no major adverse reactions. Unfortunately, my hunger is unabated but I&#039;ve been able to keep my diet healthy. I&#039;ve only been on Byetta for two days now. My doctor had me discontinue Januvia. I&#039;m currently taking Metformin and Glipizide also. We&#039;ll see how it pans out. My A1C&#039;s have been around 7.0 but with huge peaks and valleys. Hopefully things will level out."
"Use less benzos now that I&#039;m taking Lexapro. Works well for anxiety!"
"at this point 14 days of pure HELL !!! . Depression, paranoia, extreme fatigue, confusion, disorientation, hallucinations, cycling thoughts. I am convinced this is permanent."
"I was prescribed this by my doctor to take twice daily. It has helped but I worry about long term use. I have been using it for 2 or 3 years now."
"Been taking Harvoni thirteen days now. I never realized how bad I was till I started taking Harvoni. I feel ten years younger and have much more energy.  Hard to go to sleep at night but not tired. My aches and pains in wrist and hand have disappeared. I feel like I have a new life in front of me. I am 72 yrs. Had Hep C since 1980 from transfusion.  Good luck to all."
"This is my 2nd round. I&#039;m an idiot and started back a year later for the hell of it. This medicine is the best thing you can do if you want to quit. It makes it easy. I&#039;ve quit every way you can and this is by far the best route. There&#039;s 2 things- Just make sure you drink a glass of milk with it, and you&#039;re going to have some crazy dreams. But that&#039;s nothing."
"It takes about 2 weeks to even start working fully."
"In addition to the very, very long periods, pain everyday, weight gain and fatigue. I also experience mood swings which also have been very unhealthy to my relationship. I felt like when I started having hunger pains, or when I got so extremely stressed out, if would trigger my period. I could be on at night time, wake up off, go to work and start stressing, and then my period always comes when the stress does. I&#039;m forever cramping as if I&#039;m on my period."
"I started gabapentin 600 mg 3x daily after I had 2 bulging disk removed from my neck that had crushed my spinal cord. I was a paraplegic but I could feel nerve pain. I couldn&#039;t even have sheets touch my legs without pain. It&#039;s been a year now I&#039;ve been on it. I can tell when I&#039;m late taking it. What a life saver. I get blurry vision sometimes and have gained weight (might be because my movement is limited). Might have to take it the rest of my life, but it beats pain pills."
"My 4 yr old son started having seizures a few months ago. All the tests have been run and still they cannot find out what is causing them. They diagnosed him with epilepsy and started him on liquid Levetiracetam (Keppra).  Side effects were hyper-ness, not-focused, anger, rage, frustration, hard to fall asleep at night, out of control.  His UCLA Pediatric Neurologist prescribed him Lamotrigine (Lamictal) starting with a really low dose and increasing every week.  So far with decreasing the Keppra I can see a difference, and so can his teachers at pre-school.  This month January 2010 he has only had 2 grand-mals and a bunch of petit-mals. So far no side effects from the Lamotrigine. It&#039;s a day by day process."
"After two weeks using the cream, there was no relief."
"At 10 - 25 weeks my nausea never let up. When I say nausea, I actually mean vomiting. Every other day I knew my meals were not going to end well. I expected this during the 1st trimester, but upon approaching my 3rd trimester I knew something had to give. I don&#039;t expect any drug to work tremendously during the first trimester.  Since nausea/vomiting is supposed to &quot;return&quot; during the 3rd trimester I decided to try this as baby is now more developed. It worked wonderfully; I have been on it for one week and can now eat with confidence! I still have some mild, although less, heartburn; This is the only reason I rated 9/10. It would truly be a miracle drug if it could get rid of the heartburn I developed during pregnancy too!"
"Just when I thought that this birth control was working great.....Boy was I wrong. The first week I was feeling great, no side effects, no problems.....life was great. Then week 2 hit and everything went to hell. Now i&#039;m bleeding uncontrollably. It&#039;s been 3 straight weeks. Guess what? I AM STILL BLEEDING! I have gained weight in my sides making me look like i&#039;ve just consumed a bakers dozen donuts. I am emotionally unstable as you can tell from this review......!!!!! I am hungry all the time, I am eating everything I can get my meaty hands on and my snack supply has depleted by 2/3. My sex drive is GONE like a bird that hit the damn window. Unless you want your life to be turned upside down in a month like mine was....DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL!"
"After giving birth I was looking for a birth control that would let me breast feed without any problems, my OB suggested Mirena which made me a bit nervous because of the mix reviews I read. Finally I decided to get it, the insertion was not painful at all ( maybe because I had just giving birth) I did feel a little bit of cramping that day and the following, but nothing major. I&#039;ve had it for three months now and I have not had any side effects. My period is very light now, no weight gain, headache or mood swings and most important no acne, that I have had problems with in the past. I am very happy with Mirena so far, I hope this helps."
"Took 50mg for 3 months. 
Gave it that long due to all the positive reviews. Unfortunately, I felt depressed, had nightmares, felt foggy-headed and it didn&rsquo;t help anxiety.  

1st week: I experienced an extreme increase in physical energy, but not mental energy - I felt more depressed than I have in years. To combat this I went cycling hours &amp; hours each day. If anyone has similar experiences in week 1 I wouldn&#039;t recommend continuing!

Weeks 2/3 I felt tired &amp; an increase in general anxiety. I also lost quite a bit of weight due to loss of appetite. Started having difficulty getting to sleep. 

There was an improvement in side effects by month two, but no benefits. The one positive aspect was it seemed to cure my binge eating while taking it!"
"VERY POOR pain control.  difficult to open each dose.  does not stick to cheek well.  does NOT work."
"Great at first, then you titrate up, and eventually you plateau and realize it&#039;s not working as well as it did and you&#039;re a junkie if you keep jacking up the dosage.  I gave it up and don&#039;t miss it."
"Wanted so much for this to work for me but I had side effects that were not bearable such as severe agitation, high anxiety, and irritability from one pill."
"I have been on Camila since I had my baby in July 2015. I breastfeed so this pill was the best for me at the time. I just had a consultation with my primary doctor due to a very big increase in my weight, before starting this pill I had  lost all my baby weight. I am now 25 pounds heavier, the heaviest I&#039;ve  been all my life. I have had headaches, hairloss, mood swings,low sex drive, and irregular bleeding. After reading all these reviews it has become very clear to me I need to stop this pill immediately."
"Hi guys! 
My sister had it for 3 years and took it out when she was ready to get preg.. Boom pregnant the next month. Here&#039;s my story.. I&#039;m 28 and I just had my first wonderful baby girl. I have had a horrible experience with the pill, the patch and the depo shot which almost killed me and I hope no one ever gets it.  So I like most people was a little bit frightened to go back on birth control. After having my daughter, I&#039;m 4 months pp. I think honestly the anticipation was worse than anything lol. I took 800mg Ibuprofen (Drs orders) before the insertion which helped tremendously because all I felt was a slight discomfort and it was over. I had some spotting and cramping (heating pad I&#039;m 4 days into it and No pain. Breastfeeding and no milk issues!"
"Have tried mirtazapine twice in the past year after trying many different SSRI&#039;s which I just cannot tolerate/take anymore. I was prescribed it for depression and anxiety. After about 2 weeks I noticed a decent improvement in depression.  However, now after a couple of months, I am increasingly more irritable, anxious and panicky which is worse than the depression. This is why I originally went off of it before and this time was no different. I also suffer from insomnia, but the mirtazapine only helped me fall asleep the first week or so, then it just stopped helping once it was totally in my system and now I have trouble sleeping again. Am weaning off of it as I hate the way I feel angry and anxious all the time when on it."
"I am 21 years old and was diagnosed with MS in 2009. I began Rebif 44mcg March 2015 and unfortunately I have experienced most, if not all of the side effects: fevers, flu, chills, numbness, joint pains, headaches, bruising, nausea, vision issues, bladder issues, etc. I am hoping this drug is for me because I really don&#039;t want to have to start over with another one. The injections started off with severe pains, so much so that I am unable to walk after an injection for the rest of the day. But as time past, it is evident that my worse days have gotten better. No relapses so far. I&#039;m hoping these side effects don&#039;t stay..."
"I was extremely skeptical about trying Sprintec after reading the numerous online comments about it.  However, I was forced to switch to it for financial reasons.  However, after several months of using Sprintec, I have not experienced one single negative side effect.  In fact, it has improved my periods tremendously!  I get no cramps, very little bloating, a very light period that only lasts 2-3 days, and no mood changes. I love it so far!  Don&#039;t be deterred by the negative reviews out there...each birth control affects each person differently.  If you haven&#039;t had problems with the pill in the past, then maybe you won&#039;t with this one (like me)."
"I&#039;ve been taking Microgestin for about a month and it was making me spot uncontrollably and it made me short of breath. ..."
"I was prescribed hydroxyzine for severe itch. No doctors have a clue why I have these severe itching events. But I also have other problems. I have spinal stenosis and using fentanyl 50mcg/hr every 3 days. Still recovering from colon cancer surgery. Was just diagnosed with arthritis of my hip. There are days I can not walk even with the fentanyl. Started taking hydroxyzine only when I itch and it took a few days to put 2 and 2 together and realized my back and hip almost totally stopped hurting and was able to walk without cane or walker.  Next time that I took hydroxyzine for itch, same thing, I could walk without pain. I haven&#039;t told doctor yet, wonder what he will say and if this drug helps me why didn&#039;t he give me hydroxyzine sooner?"
"I have been on Trulicity 0.75 for a little over a year. I seem to be nauseated and have headaches each week on the day after. When I first started taking Trulicity it was more like 3-4 days of feeling sick, with horrible headaches. My A1C went from 13 to an 8, (also taking Tresebia daily) and haven&#039;t noticed any side affects, with the exception that when I would take both shots first thing I the morning (on opposite side). I find that when taking both of these medications I take Tresebia first thing in the morning everyday, and Trulicity around noon (once per wk.) making sure to shoot them on opposite sides, this has so far helped with the nausea and headaches. Also sipping on lemon water with crushed ice. Hope this helps."
"When my dermatologist first prescribed Ziana, it worked pretty well. I put in on at night along with taking Solodyn, an oral antibiotic, once a day. I saw improvement in my acne for about 1-2 months, but I think it&#039;s starting to wear off a little bit. But over all it worked pretty well."
"I am a two time testicular cancer survivor. My body no longer produces testosterone. I am 30 years old and this will be for the rest of my life. I was on Andro gel for about 2 and a half years. The last I would say 8 months I felt like complete crap. Depression and always tired and lethargic. Didn&#039;t feel like doing anything. No motivation for anything. I just had my second round of testopel about a week and a half ago and I love it. The first time I got it I felt the difference within the first week. Same with this second go round. I have more energy. The only problem I have, is that on both times my incision site leaks and one pellet did fall out. Other than that I love this stuff."
"I&#039;ve been taking lessina for less than 2 months now (for my Pelvic floor myaliga )and I&#039;ve had a horrible experience so far. The end of the first pack (around the 2 white pill) I started my period and the first 2 days were fine (other than the fact that I&#039;m constantly in pain) but the 3rd day I was terrible I went through 6 pads with a bunch of clots mind you I&#039;ve never had clots with a period before. So I had to go to the ER.  Which they had to give me IV fluids and pain medication because the pain I had was so much worse than just the usually periods I get. They told me it was from the BC. And I should be switched right away. I also suffer from depression as it is and I&#039;ve just haven&#039;t been able to pick myself up. I&#039;ve been on so many BCs and nothing helps."
"I started taking Loestrin 24 to prevent pregnancy, not really knowing that birth control was supposed to clear your acne. I was considerably surprised when my skin cleared up [even on my back, which has always been a trouble area]. The first week or so was kind of rough but once I got past that, I felt incredible. I didn&#039;t experience any real weight gain or loss but I think I might have gone up half a cup or a whole cup size. I definitely love Loestrin."
"My son 13 was taking this and it made tics worse. Blurred vision, erection. His tongue would do weird thing."
"I get cramps from racing motorcross. We call it &quot;arm pump&quot;. I take only one a day for 3 days before the race and get no arm pump. I now have about 15-20 people using it. It&#039;s hard to find sometimes."
"My doctor started me on 3 mg...  am now trying 4 1/2 mg as 3 did nothing but am stunned at the enormous doses other reviewers are taking. Did they build up to those doses or start with them ?"
"I started qsymia Dec 31 2015 with my two week trial then went to 7.5 dose for 2 months. Last week I stopped taking it.   I weighed in at 186 in December and as of right now, march 2015 I&#039;m at 161. I feel it&#039;s extremely important that you learn how to eat the right way while taking this, because when you stop taking it, you will gain the weight back if you don&#039;t continue to watch what u eat. I have about 13 lbs to go to be at my goal which I probably could have stayed on qsymia for another month but the tiredness I got while taking this was a big deciding factor for me.   The only side effects i got were the dry mouth, occasional tingling in my fingers and the tiredness, no energy feeling. Diet pop was awful tasting too,but did curb my appetite."
"Started using for two months and am now acne free."
"I have trouble with nausea and vomiting as well as severe coughing every spring or when the weather gets crazy. 6 years ago the doctor gave me some promethazine and after a few days the coughing a was just about gone. I tried everything and this really helped, but be prepared to sleep."
"I felt like I needed to write a review due to all the negative ones I seen. I took monistat 1 and by 48 hours I felt the symptoms of a yeast infection completely gone. I had no pain or any negative experience whatsoever. The next day after taking it I did feel like the egg wasn&#039;t completely disolved so it was a weird uncomfortable feeling, but nothing painful. I would say if you usually don&#039;t have side effects to medications you should be fine."
"I just took the first dose of 10MG last night for Fibro (which I&#039;ve had for 20 years). It&#039;s now 10am and I can&#039;t get out of bed (I usually get up before 6am). I have a 6 year old and struggled to get up to get her ready this morning. There&#039;s no way I can make it to work this morning. I&#039;m so out of it and I feel horrible. Hope the groggy sleepiness wears off soon! I cannot see me continuing to take this. I cannot speak to whether it would work for Fibro BUT my experience with fibromyalgia is anything that lets you get sleep will help. This used as a sleep medication is not a good option in my opinion, it lasts much to long."
"I was diagnosed with fibro. Cause given. I was physically abused as a child then later in life I was shocked to discover  my teenage son had leukaemia. After a particularly bad patch with him I started getting pains, and a urine infection. When I was treated for the urine infection, the pain disappears...then came back with a VENGEANCE a week later. I was using crutches to walk. Luckily having a good GP he eliminated all possible diseases before the hospital diagnosed fibro. I was taking codeine phosphate which helped the dull bone pain, I was giving up hope. I had a 75mg pregabalin and 2 codeine and went to lie on my mums bed. When I woke up the pain was 99% gone I was so happy I cried. Pregabalyn gave me my life back, along with codeine"
"I am a 63 year old male who has been experiencing eczema on the face for close to a year now. I was prescribed Elidel and use it at least twice a day to keep the eczema in check.  It doesn&#039;t go away completely, but does calm it down."
"My doctor prescribed a dosage of 5mcg along with my Synthroid.  My blood work always comes back with my TSH too high and my T3 too low.  This seems to work on my tiredness but since I have been taking it (3 weeks), my whole body seems to be aching. I don&#039;t know if it is in my joints or in my bones."
"I suffered from migraines since I was 10 and am now 38.  Mine are triggered by stress and monthly hormone fluctuations. I first tried Imitrex when I was 21 and it made me so dizzy I couldn&#039;t stand. Recently I tried it again when I was having a migraine at work and it was so bad I went to the emergency room afraid I was having a stroke. I used to take OTC meds and isolate myself in a dark quiet room.  My migraines kept me from enjoying important events with my children. This drug has been life changing. I have experienced some sleepiness as a side effect but nothing that makes me non-functional."
"My doc prescribed this after I randomly started breaking out bad all over my jaw line and spreading down my neck.  I&#039;m in my 30s, so I think it&#039;s hormonal, but after a month of taking it, I can tell it&#039;s working.  It&#039;s working slow on me, but definitely working.  No real side effects."
"Her2+, inflammatory, stage-3b breast cancer diagnosed 11/2014- on Anastrole since 08/15. Osteo-arthritis, burning scalp, whole-body tingling and numbness. Major hair loss. I have around around 2 years left on this drug. If I don&#039;t completely stop taking this drug, I am certainly going to stop taking a whole pill daily, and stop taking a daily pill. I am past ready to roll the dice on a possible recurrence."
"I was badly constipated for 4 or 5 days. My stomach and my back were aching. No matter how much water and fibrous foods I ate, I wasn&#039;t able to go. At my wit&#039;s end, I bought Senokot S and took one pill at 9 pm and another at 1 am. While I could feel it working (I had some strange feelings in my stomach), I didn&#039;t get bad cramps or pain. At 9:30 am I was finally able to &#039;go&#039; with no straining or pain."
"I have had my implanon in for just over a month now, I have experienced NO bleeding, no pain, no weight gain whatsoever. I have retained water in my face slightly and I am hungry ALL the time but I have been quite strict about eating only at meal times and healthily because I was quite worried about weight gain due to family history of heart problems. In the first two weeks I did experience some mood swings but that seems to be normal now. I normally have a very high sex drive and that hasn&#039;t changed at all. The little rod feels comfortable now, I don&#039;t even notice it unless I think about it but for the first two weeks it did pinch a little when I full extended arm but not anymore. So far my experience is fantastic:)"
"I would never recommend implanon (the rod) as a form of contraception to anybody, I have had mine in almost for the full 3 year term as I was on the pill and kept forgetting to take it, as I was only 18 at the time I needed some form of contraception so I came across implanon. It all sounded well and good but the whole time its given me nothing but grief. I have put on 10kgs, sometimes I don&#039;t have my period for 2 months then other times it will be every week on and off heavy bleeding, I am so lethargic and never feel like going anywhere or doing anything and I&#039;ve also been diagnosed with anxiety since being on this.  The headaches are constant! I CAN NOT WAIT TO GET IT OUT! WOULDNT RECCOMEND TO ANYBODY! especially young girls!"
"Xulane has been effective as far as keeping me from getting pregnant. However, I have an appointment with my obgyn to switch to a new method asap. I was on Ortho Evra for about 14 years and absolutely loved it. I experienced no side effects. When I was switched by my insurance to Xulane, the symptoms have multiplied. Started with lack of sex drive and intermittent bleeding. More recently, the cramps have become debilitating and I have them 2-3 weeks a month. I feel bloated all the time these days. And upon reading everyone else&#039;s reviews, I am beginning to wonder if these extra 5-10 lbs are the result of this medicine as well since I haven&#039;t been eating anymore calories than normal."
"I have had chronic foot pain for 12 years.  Zohydro is the only thing that has given me any relief throughout the day."
"I started phentermine on 7/11/17 at 342lb. I went back to the doctor on 7/18/17 and am at 325 I have lost 17 pounds on this. I feel great I work out 5 times week and am on a 1000 calorie intake till I lost 25 pounds then I can start eating carbs but for right now am only on protein"
"I was prescribed this a couple of months ago for severe anxiety and postpartum depression after an ectopic pregnancy. I felt euphoric for the first few days, and was literally awake for over 48 hours straight. But after the initial side effects wore off I was so thankful for this meditation. I was always against antidepressants and believed I could just &#039;get over it&#039; with my mind...but after losing the baby my anxiety was through the roof and I couldn&#039;t function like a normal person. I&#039;d come home from work and hide in my room away from my family, I avoided leaving the house unless I absolutely had to, I&#039;d spend all day exhausting myself. I now feel more like myself than I have in years."
"So far so good. Haven&#039;t had any problems within the first 2 months. Definatly going to carry on the shot :)"
"Have been taking this for two weeks. My children and husband can tell what a difference it has made, though I have been much harder to wake up in the morning.  That is the reason I rated it a 9. I do sleep better, focus better, but one issue, I am having trouble remembering what I have done in the evenings after I take my medication."
"Love it! Best thing I&#039;ve tried!  Would have gotten a divorce without it! Side effects are minimal and so worth it!"
"What started as a gallbladder removal July 2016 after being sick for 4 months &amp; weight packing on somehow they discovered I had papillary thyroid cancer. I underwent a full thyroid removal Oct 2016, then a umbilical cord hernia surgery Jan 2017, radiation for the cancer Feb 2017. My diet has been mostly Sprite, oats, strawberries and occasional premade Bob Evans Mashed Potatoes. The weight still kept adding on to me. My cancer/endo doctor added Qsymia to my Thyroid med. Since I started March 15 I have lost 21 lbs. I am not able to work out as I still have a sliding Hiatal hernia I am waiting on surgery for along with another medical issue the medicine does not effect. 48 Year old Female 5&#039;2 want to lose 25 more."
"I took 25mg of Trazodone one night and will never take it again!
I hour after going to sleep I woke up to find the room spinning.  My heart was pounding and racing.
I was sweating profusely and extremely frightened.  It has been two days and I am still having a few dizzy spells.  
Be very careful if you take this medication and make sure you have someone around that can help you have a bad reaction.
Hope this helps."
"Much better than vyvanse. A lot smooth and MUCH more consistent."
"I have been on it for 16 years when I just had my first child I was18, I have no menstruationl,  I have gained of course,  I feel upper stomach pains and was even being treated for ulcers and am endoscopy showed I didn&#039;t have ulcers, I have acne which does not seem to go, I have lost interest in sex etc... It is today that I have come to learn more about Depo after reading comments here.  I did not know it&#039;s not supposed to be used for more than2 years. I had my shot on 9/12/17 . I will switch to something else.  Thanks all for your comments."
"I&#039;ve been on 30mg of Mestinon two times a day for about three months, I had diarrhea the first few days, more shortness of breath, and some drowsiness, after that I started noticing improvement in my cognition (the worst part of my dysautonomia &amp; Fibromyalgia, to me), and I am able to keep &#039;doing&#039; things longer than I could before.  I do notice when it begins to wear off and I may go up to three times a day on it.  I&#039;m very pleased.  The only negative I have is big increase in eyelid twitching, and awful muscle spasms in my feet.  My neurologist has had me start B-6 for this and it helps a lot."
"I had dryness and inflammation of vaginal area due to post menopause. Also, I had stress incontinence and would leak a little urine whenever I sneezed.  And, I had a sore feeling around my urethra and frequently felt like I had a urinary tract infection, when I actually didn&#039;t.  All in all,  my general condition was miserable.  My gynecologist prescribed Premarin cream to be applied in a pea-sized amount to vagina entrance 3X per week.  I started feeling improvement within a few days, so I applied the small dosage every night in order to expedite the healing!  It took about 2 weeks to stop the stress incontinence (so nice!), and about 7 weeks to heal the vaginal area. Excellent!  I plan on using Premarin cream indefinitely."
"In preparation for a colonoscopy I was given this medicine case I became nauseated. I took 1 tablet as I was feeling a bit nauseous after taking the &quot;cleansing&quot; drug prescribed by my Doctor and within 15 minutes the nausea subsided. Then I fell asleep for several hours. Does what it is supposed to."
"I took two aleve and my back pain hasn&#039;t even lessened. Still hurts the same after 4 hours and it&#039;s supposed to work for 8-12 hours."
"DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT GET THIS METHOD!! I got the implant on 2/10 (it&#039;s been about 3 months) and already this is the worst decision of my life. At first I was so excited to not have to worry about pregnancy scares, forgetting to take my pill, and the nausea I would receive if I took it at the wrong time of day. But man was I taking advantage of that. The first thing that happened was painful cramps and prolonged bleeding, my libido completely ceased to exist and I was uninterested in sex, I noticed the weight gain, gained about 10-15lb already!!Next the acne came but this was awful, cystic acne on my jaw and back and face, now I&#039;m experiencing extreme depression and anxiety. Please do not get this it&#039;s not worth the pain."
"My 2 year old daughter recently had a g-tube put in, which became infected.  After 4 days of antibiotics and neosporin as prescribed by the Dr., the infection seemed to become worse.  She was then prescribed Mupirocin and a different antibiotic and literally the very next day, the infected site seemed to be about 75% better! Impressed and happy, especially for my baby girl."
"I&#039;ve been taking Toujeo for about 3 weeks now.  I previously used Lantus.  Was able to use a drug card to get Toujeo price really low.  But, my sugars have been all over the place.  I have had 350 highs and 74 lows, up and down, with no real reason.  For example, two nights ago, my bedtime reading was 114 and the next morning, without eating anything, my reading was 353!!  No reason.  Anyone else having this issue with Toujeo?  Will it level out eventually?"
"Ive been using this product for over 2 years off and on. The first time I used it, it cleared my skin up within 3 weeks of nightly use. I did have some drying/flaking of the skin in the first week, but eventually this subsided and stopped. I have very oily skin, with acne primarily at the bottom corners of my chin (below the corners of mouth), around my mouth and forehead (especially on the temples). This product has worked very well for me. Once my acne has gone away for a few weeks, I stop regular use and only use as a spot treatment as needed, it greatly reduced the amount of time that sores need to heal."
"Two doses so far, no side effects, seem to be feeling pretty good."
"I had the implant for two years. The first yr was nice. No symptoms or anything. Second was awful tho!! My bleeding was 3 weeks long. A got awful acne. Violent cramps, and so so so so moody. Like I literally wanted to kill someone. I couldn&#039;t take it anymore so u got it out. And let me just say, getting it put in is much easier than taking it out. I&#039;m now on the pill. But that&#039;s just MY experience. It varies for everyone. I didn&#039;t get pregnant tho!! Hahaha"
"Yaz has been great for me so far! I just had my baby and researched different birth control methods. I liked how Yaz sounded because I do suffer from PMDD. The first month I took this I didn&#039;t notice anything different (probably because I just had a baby and my hormones are out of whack still). But I have noticed much difference within the next 2 months of taking this.  My face has also cleared up which is awesome!  I was so worried about losing my sex drive on the pill but it seriously has INCREASED a lot! I was also worried about gaining weight on this but I have lost weight instead! The only negative side effect I somewhat experience is headaches and a little bit of nausea. Other than that I highly recommend YAZ."
"This is the 4th statin I&#039;ve tried. After 3 weeks of Pravastatin 10mg, I am sore, stiff, and ache in shoulder, neck, legs and feet. Also feeling like I am not thinking straight, like I am super stupid. I am frustrated because I want to get cholesterol under control but I refuse to try any more statins."
"I have used the lidocaine patches by Watson for years for osteoporosis in my neck and back and they decreased my pain from a 10 to a 3.  No narcotics needed.  Now I have been given the lidocaine patch made by Milan and they are absolutely HORRIBLE. .WASTE OF MONEY.. USELESS. Not only are they nearly impossible to separate from the plastic backing once you finally get them on they start peeling up immediately. . These are a total waste of money and someone should do something about this because the Mylan company surely doesn&#039;t care. .. now I will need to take a pill to help with the pain..."
"I had the Implanon placed in November of 2011. Since then I have been on my period almost non-stop. I am only 20. I had it originally because I was told I would no longer have a period which meant no cramping. Obviously not the case. I am extremely tired. I have also had very very extreme mood swings, anxiety, depression and so on. Most of which did not occur until a couple of months later. For a while I thought I had something seriously wrong with until I read other reviews of people having the same issue. I have always been a very happy, laid back person. But lately I snap on everyone from my boyfriend to family. I am having it removed."
"Zyprexa was prescribed to augment Prozac for my depression. It helped me somewhat and I would have stayed on it but it made me extremely tired."
"Positive response within a week. 20mg was sufficient during the spring and summer seasons. Sexual side effects are minimal and virtually disappear once used to the medication after the last dose increase. Insomnia at first, but with time this side effect has gone away. Very satisfied."
"I am 35 and I have suffered from acne and other hormonal problems for the last 9 years.  I was on allese before that and had minimal break outs.  When I was pregnant, both times my skin was flawless which indicated that it was definitely hormones.  I have not had any success clearing acne using topical, washes or any other specialized skin treatments.  I have been on yaz for nearly a week and am already seeing great improvements in my skin.  I wonder if it works for acne when the cause is truely hormonal.  I don&rsquo;t think this is all in my head because others have noticed my clearing skin too.  I do work out regularly and eat pretty well so don&rsquo;t know if that helps.I will update as time progresses."
"Periods were very irregular and heavy for me so I decided to get on birth control to regulate. I decided with the IUD and being a virgin, I didn&#039;t think twice about an insertion into my uterus. 
The procedure as a virgin was the WORST pain I&#039;ve ever felt. I immediately had severe cramps after (which was expected) and had horrible hunch over cramps for the rest of the night. 
LUCKILY, this all went away the next day and I am not bleeding or have any issues at all. I do recommend this to others but for virgins, please be mindful that  someone is inserting something into your cervix."
"Can&#039;t say enough good things about Minocycline. I suffered from moderate/severe acne on my face, chest and back all throughout high school and this medication was the only thing that helped me. It took about a month to start to see results but after about 3 months I had absolutely no acne ANYWHERE. (Of course I made sure to have a good washing/topical regimen too) Just make sure you take this with no dairy products (they cause antibiotics to not work as well)and drink a lot of water . Minocycline is a live saver"
"I got my Nexplanon inserted Sept 2014 and I love it. No mood swings, barely a period in September nor October, no migraines. My only complaint is the irritation at the insertion site. I&#039;d recommend it without a doubt."
"I got herpes simplex after a mean bout of shingles when I was young. I was so thankful when a product like abreva came out. I&#039;d always used abreva after noticing a new cold sore developing and I noticed they healed slightly faster, and I was desperate for any kind of results. But this week I applied it about 15 minutes after initially feeling the tingling of an impending cold sore, and it completely disappeared overnight!!! I was ecstatic. It should be mentioned that I&#039;ve always applied it far more often than the label says to, but again I&#039;m desperate for results. I&#039;d recommend the tube and not the pump, the pump puts out way too much, which seems ridiculous since this product is so expensive."
"I got off to a bad start with this one (dose too high), but I&#039;ve been seizure free with it. As a bonus, it is also effective in treating bipolar symptoms. Relatively non-invasive too!"
"Two words. It works. After years of anxieties I finally started enjoying sex as I should be, minus any concerns that I will loose my erection midway through sex. It did give me a slight headache. But other than that I highly recommend it."
"I switched from Suboxone to Subsolv and have had no problems. My insurance was canceled on me, and I had to look for a cheaper alternative, and Zubsolv has been it so far for me. Zubsolv has a WAY better taste over Suboxone, for me it was a mind over matter thing. I got used to the Suboxone, and the taste of it made me know I wasn&#039;t going to feel bad anymore, so I didn&#039;t mind it. Zubsolv is the same exact thing, but different taste, so don&#039;t let that freak you out.  Its a very minty clean feeling after you take it. I&#039;ve almost forgot to brush my teeth in the mornings because I had a good taste in my mouth from Zubsolv.  Keep your mouth closed for a long time, after you put it under your tongue, don&#039;t even talk, or you will screw up your dose"
"I have attempted sobriety several times, all resulting in returning to alcohol. I attempted Antabuse once and panicked. 

I have learned from my experiences. I have been sober for over 3 months now, started Antabuse two weeks ago. Now it is my system I could not rate it high enough but would stress being in the correct state of mind is essential. I have not succeeded in the past but am extremely confident that I can and will this time.

SIDE EFFECTS OF ANTABUSE

Tiredness
Headaches
Spots

SIDE EFFECTS OF ALCOHOL

Blackouts
Vomiting
Hangovers
Memory Loss
Cost
Time in Hospital
Loss of Bladder/Bowel Control
Physical Damage to self (accidents, broken bones)
Seizures
Embarrassment 
After effects due to behavior whilst drunk.

PREFERENCE?"
"I had debilitating anxiety, panic attacks, sometimes so bad I was constantly dizzy, out of it and feeling like a completely different person. The pain in my chest would subside after taking this and I would feel better. I&#039;m so thankful my Dr prescribed this to me, and I only take it if I really need it so when I get really bad panic attacks or increased anxiety. Different ones work better for different people, but I will never go on SSRI&#039;s again, they made my anxiety 1000 times worse, panic attacks from morning until night, no sleep, couldn&#039;t eat. My quality of life was so bad I felt as though ending it would be better. So, I&#039;m happy I have a Dr who listens and cares about my mental state and wants to improve my life."
"I am unable to take them because as soon as I try to I instantly throw them back up. I&#039;m on the 400mg tablets and they just don&#039;t dissolve even as a powder. And the taste makes me feel ill and non stop gag and lingers for hours"
"Stage 4 HER2 positive breast cancer was found 2011.  After a double mastectomy, ( additionally 6 other surgeries due to Staph infection and failed reconstruction attempts) 6 months of 2 types of chemotheraphy,  including Newlastin booster shots after each infusion..  total of 1 year of Herceptin chemo infusions. 6 weeks of daily radiation,  then... 8 years of Femara.  Been taking this medication daily since August 2012...hot flashes/night sweats are awful. Anxiety occassionally.  Easily out of breath after any activity. Difficulty maintaining focus and frequent forgetfulness.  3years with this medication and chest, bone and joint pain is intensifying.  5 more years to go.  CANCER FREE STILL."
"I absolutely love being on the depo shot. I have never had and problems or side effects except one and that is I don&#039;t get periods any more at all. I love that and its every 3 months I&#039;m not planning on having any more kids any time soon I have 2 already, both girls 11 &amp; 6 yrs old. I&#039;m 29 yrs old and been on the depo shot 6 yrs. Anyone thinking of getting it. Get it its the best"
"I have taken Lotrel for 9 years.  It reduced my blood pressure moderately, but this month I went to the emergency room with severe swelling of my face and my lips were huge. Was told to get off Lotrel since this ACE inhibitor can cause angioedema which was the diagnosis. Have also had tingling of the lips and tongue for the last 4 years and now wonder if Lotrel contributed to that. "
"Doses over 2700mg daily completely got rid of the anxiety but gave me severe abdominal cramp."
"I just took my first pill, literally 5 minutes ago.  I have to say I&#039;m terrified of the side effects, but at 56 years only 5&#039;1 and 230 pounds, I&#039;m at my wits end with my weight.  I hope to be able to report back that I&#039;ve had no side effects and that it&#039;s working.  Reading all the reviews has helped.  Fingers crossed it works!

So after one week, I&#039;m done.  I can&#039;t take the jittery feeling, almost fell at work yesterday, I was walking like I was drunk.  Trying to get a normal sentence out was difficult, my mind was just not right.  I lost 3 pounds but I don&#039;t think it was the contrave that did it.  No other side effects though, just feeling like I was higher than a kite  :("
"I have been on Meloxicam for three years, and it works very well for arthritis in your hands or fingers. It is very inexpensive. The only side effect may be a little tiredness if you take it every day."
"Started feeling ill at lunchtime yesterday, by the time I went to the doctor at 7pm, had a 101&deg; fever, chills, nausea, headache, muscle spasms, severe tachycardia, etc. Was prescribed Tamiflu, took first dose at 9pm along with Tylenol and Zofran. Took another dose this morning and already feel a night and day difference. Majority of symptoms are fine, still treating headache and low grade fever with Tylenol, but don&#039;t feel like I&#039;ve been hit by an 18 Wheeler anymore. If you catch it early, Tamiflu works wonders. Take with some crackers because stomach can get a little bubbly."
"Latuda took away the voices, but caused me to have bad thoughts and depression especially at night. It however, allowed me to lose 20 lbs. I discontinued it and started on Geodon last week my mood has dramatically improved and I feel great.  Hopefully it doesn&#039;t cause weight gain."
"I have been attempting to use Luvox for my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder but I have a weak stomach so I haven&#039;t made it off the 25mg yet until my body adjusts. I could tell that I was getting better though. I stopped it for a week and my compulsions came back worse than before. I&#039;ve read some people think they don&#039;t have OCD because they don&#039;t have compulsions, compulsions are not needed for the diagnosis just obsessions. I am a social worker so it has been difficult to help others with their mental illness when I suffer from OCD and ADHD which I didn&#039;t start medication for until recently (I am 28). I am hoping my picking will go away completely once I adjust to the medicine. "
"Cymbalta was my first attempt at antidepressants. It was prescribed for both anxiety and extreme depression. Before Cymbalta I was literally non-functioning. After a week of taking it, with Zero side effects, I felt like a different person. A better person. I did have my occasional bad day, but nothing like before. I am no longer on Cymbalta because my insurance dropped it. I moved from it to Pristiq with virtually no withdrawals. I would take it again in a heartbeat."
"Take 30 mg/day, helped mildly with my GAD. Did nothing for my social anxiety. I continue to take it because it has no side effects and am told it will help with anxiety I may get from taking Wellbutrim. I have to take Xanax or Clonazepam regularly when having moderate/severe anxiety. Only side effects experienced in the first few days was dizziness and insomnia. I was able to increase my dose within 2 weeks. I am considering increasing my dose of Buspar to see if I just need a higher dose to feel a stronger effect."
"I am a recovering heroin addict. I have been clean for 2 years. Prior to getting clean 2 years ago I tried to get off opiates while being prescribed suboxone. I believe that suboxone is very beneficial to get through withdrawal. My personal experience is that suboxone was just another replacement for my opiate addiction. It was just a substitute for my drug of choice. This time when I got clean I used suboxone for 5 days and then weened off completely. I am 100% clean from any mood or mind altering drugs. I don&#039;t see the point in getting &quot;clean&quot; if I am going to be taking another drug to replace the old one. Yes, it is better then using street drugs. But you are lying to yourself if you think your truly clean."
"I have been using this medication almost since it came on the market. I take a dose of 50% over the maximum recommended dosage. The medication seems to have a 7-10 hours effectiveness before rebound symptoms appear. I&#039;ve tried several of the other proton pump inhibitors, which were not very effective. "
"The first six weeks were hell.  Increased anxiety so severe I lost seventeen pounds. I&#039;m now five months in and have never felt better.  I&#039;m on 20 mg  of lexapro once daily 20mg of Buspirone twice daily.  .5 mg of Clonazepam to be taken once daily if needed, I rarely need it.  I would suggest trying a physician that will prescribe a low dosage of Clonazepam from the start, it would have saved me a great deal of suffering .  Clonazepam is addictive so most doctors hesitate to prescribe it straight out of the box.  Good luck and stick with it."
"I&#039;ve had migraines for decades. I&#039;ve taken nortriptyline for many years with great success. When I do get the occasional migraines, the severity is nothing compared to my pre-nortriptyline days. Right now, it&#039;s been quite a few months. At that time, they were relatively minor and lasted 2 or 3 days. It didn&#039;t keep me out of work."
"46 year old male.  Not to be overly dramatic, but I was ready to commit suicide my skin was so bad.  My hands looked like I was a fire victim.  My elbows and legs burned and bled constantly.  My scalp would flake and drop into my eyes and all over my clothes.  I was in constant pain, and my relationships were non existent.  Flaky skin would drift off of me whatever I did.  I was weeks away from having to leave work and go on disability, which would have been the end of the line for me.  Depression set in so badly I just wanted to end it all.  Then I found a new dermatologist.  Everything changed.  My first shot of Stelara made a difference.  Nine months later, 90% clear.  A few trouble spots, but my hands are CLEAR!  What a life changer!"
"I&#039;m 35, mom of 2. I had acne as a teen, and accutane cleared it up. Then didn&#039;t have any issues with acne in my 20&#039;s. It progressively worse after I had my second child. Spiro didn&#039;t help. I finally decided to get back on BC to see if that would. I started taking beyaz 3 weeks ago. I noticed my skin was less oily the 1st week. 2nd week I noticed there were no new pimples (where there would usually a new one or more daily!), and now in the 3rd week, my skin is glowing. Like, actually, pretty. It&#039;s not been this clear in years. I&#039;ve not had any of the typical side effects so far (no nausea, weight gain, or reduced sex drive). So far I love it! Give this a try if you&#039;re struggling with adult acne!"
"I took this attempting to get rid of a cough and chest congestion. I am a 105lb 30 year old female. I took one pill yesterday and felt a little better. That was a half does so today I tried 2 pills, a full dose. After feeling nauseous for several hours I finally threw up several times and am feeling much better. I will not be taking it again, and would rather allow the congestion to run its course."
"Very freaky and delusional side effects.  Pain control was adequate but did not overcome the psychotic active side effects.  Effects lasted for 1 week after hospital use and flashbacks occurred for weeks after."
"Take as prescribed! Can save your life as far as the downward cycle that starts with stress, then no sleep, then more
Stress, then less sleep, then depression, and repeat ad infitum. If taken safely, exercise, therapy, etc. YES."
"Have been on Seroquel for 4 weeks for depression. I take it before bed. Still experiencing a &quot;hangover&quot; type feeling in the mornings. I gained 8 pounds in the first 3 weeks I took. Makes me want to eat even when I am not hungry.  However, I am not crying as much, can handle day-to-day life better, and I haven&#039;t had chest pain or racing heart beats since I started, which is a great improvement. "
"I have the 2.5 version.  It works well about 90% of the time, while Zofran, works about 50% of the time for me.  However, I don&#039;t like taking even one because of the hangover the next day.  Further, it enhances the chronic pain, making the pain worse, sometimes.  Never know when that will happen.
"
"This did nothing, and I mean nothing, for my cough.  It was a total waste of money and time."
"The very next day after starting Advair my life improved dramatically.  I am not kidding....this stuff really works.  I now do 40 min of yoga and a full mile of accelarated aerobic walking (20 min) 5 days a week. After that I immediately grab my oximeter....it is almost always at 97 or 98.  My dr. says am in severe stage and functioning and a level 1.  I don&#039;t even use my nebulizer and Aluteral  anymore.  I am 71 yrs old and am being fully honest."
"I have insomnia and trying to get off Ambien. Have taken 20 mg of Belsomra for 2 nights.  It does not make me sleepy, barely sleep, if at all.  I have really negative dreams related to self esteem and my legs really hurt, making it hard to walk and feels like I did an hour of squats. So far thumbs down!"
"Scheduled for Colonoscopy in the am.  Taste was horrible!  I informed the outpatient nurse that the directions on Suprep stated to do divided doses (that would mean taking a dose the morning of the procedure).  She told me absolutely not and to do both bottles tonight.  I did them back to back.  I did notice severe chills (and still have them) and had no clue what this was from until stumbling upon this site.  I went to the bathroom approximately 12 times and I am running clear now after 5.5 hours.  I hope I am clean as have been severely constipated for 2 months but did have some dark water and now clear.  I gave this product a 5 out of 10 because of the taste but hey, none of the prep taste great!"
"Awesome appetite suppressant. Lost all of my baby weight in 2 months. "
"I started Amolodopine/Besylate in August of 2011.  I switch from lisinopril as I was having severe allergic reactions.  Now I&#039;m on this new medication and I have been feeling unusual at times.  I feel very dizzy, swelling in hands, feet and throat area.  I&#039;ve had a throat infection and sometimes I feel like I&#039;m limited in my speech.  I&#039;m experiencing tingling in my hands and feet at times.  It&#039;s annoying.  My blood pressure is lowering now because I&#039;ve increased my exercise, but sometimes I&#039;m not able to drive home because of the dizziness.  I&#039;ve had one crazy episode when I took a multivitamin.  I felt my heart beating so fast and I could literally hear it through my ears.  I was unable to pay attention and was jittery and cold."
"I am 39 and have dealt with my ADD for all my life. May of 2012 the Dr. started me out on 1mg, after a week, I could tell a difference.  Like a filing cabinet in my brain. However, I was VERY tired. So I decided to take at night. (I&#039;ve always had a hard time shutting my brain off to sleep)  Next week she upped me 2 mg. After a few days, I started to notice I focus more...GREAT!!, and I was sleeping better!!  She then put me on 3 mg. I couldn&#039;t tolerate it! I started getting hot flashes and thought I was going to pass out!  I couldn&#039;t sit out in the sun, I had to stay in. So she lowered me back to 2mg. A year later and its the best decision I have ever made.  My brain is calm, I am focused and sleep like a bear!"
"I suffered severe headaches &amp; nausea for hours from the very first dose &amp; every dose thereafter. I would feel faint, overheated, extremely tired; I slept with the windows open and the heat off (it&#039;s winter). 4 days of taking Macrobid, I begin to have loose stools &amp; severe muscles aches &amp; neck stiffness. I began to have a sore throat &amp; a dry cough on day 2. After stopping, within 24 hours I begin to itch severely. I&#039;ve been off of it for 48 hours &amp; I still have a headache &amp; I use Benadryl for the itching. I was given Levaquin in 1 dose, then Macrobid 100 mg 2X a day for 10 days by the ER doctor. But my primary doctor thought it was an overkill and should have used just the Levaquin."
"A great medication to use without it being addictive."
"I have found that people around me say that I have improved  and seem better yet, inside I still feel like I&#039;m in a deep dark hole. I&#039;ve only been on 40mg for 3 months however. 

As for increased sex drive!?! When does that happen? It&#039;s killed my sex life. 

Have lost a lot of weight due to food restrictions, but needed to shed a few kilos.

 I also find it messes with my bladder. Anyone else have this issue? Some days I can pee no problems, others, it&#039;s just painful and I struggle to pass urine even when busting to go! 

Though after reading others stories, it gives me hope, that this drug, will bring me out of the darkness...... As I&#039;m really over being in here. (I had a nervous breakdown)."
"I have taken hydrocodone/APAP for a few years now and it does quite well for my physical pain. I have the flattest feet in the world. I had broke three bones in my right foot years back and just recently had surgery on both of them. I find that this medication helps with the pain from my feet and lower back. ALSO, which I think is a different but a nice side effect, is an elevation in my mood and reduced fatigue. It in fact is almost like coffee. Overall, great medication."
"After I gained 60 lbs in a 3 month period approximately 8 years ago, it was determined that I had Hypothyroidism. I was given Synthroid which stopped the weight gain, however, I have never felt quite right even though my TSH and T3/T4 would to be normal. My hands and feet were always cold, my eyebrows were very thin, always tired, etc, etc. I started taking Armour Thyroid about 4 months ago and feel terrific. I have even started losing weight (15 lbs so far). I am worried that I have been having problems trying to fill my prescription lately. Please tell me that they are not going to discontinue Armour Thyroid?? I am getting several different explanations as to why it is not readily available."
"Annoyed when they first gave me this but appears to be working well. Runs out fast though and dries out the skin a lot."
"This medicine made me feel so tired and sluggish."
"I started out weighing 98kgs in May 2014, I have an underactive thyroid, and Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, with Irritable bowl, so I eat a Gluten Free Diet. my exercise levels are high, I swim 2-3 miles a week, work out 3-4 mornings a week (power hooping, kettle bells and situps to name a few) and I work in an active environment with Special Needs Children. Because of how active I am and I could not lose weight the doctor put me on Orlistat. I have now lost over 8Kgs and my next weigh in is the end of this month (August). I find it easy to do, I eat a low fat diet anyway so that hasn&#039;t been too hard but I do find myself being careful of my lower body functions. I&#039;ve been caught out a couple of times which can be unpleasant but I&#039;m happy with the loss so far."
"can&#039;t take nsaids for gout and inflamation"
"I have had hair problems all my life using many different hair removal techniques. None gave a real good outcome and I still didn&#039;t like being out in the sun wondering if people were staring at all the facial hair.  I apply at night and in the morning.  I tried doing once a day, but started getting some hair growth.  I now have absolutely not one hair on my face. I have been using for about a year.  TIP:  Use a damp washcloth on face first so cream will spread more easily and will give more applications per tube."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 5 months before I really started noticing the extreme PMS effects. It worked for acne pretty quickly but approaching months 4-5 I noticed I was getting really upset and angry with those around me the week of my period. I think my body grew to expect the hormones and when I wasn&#039;t taking it, I&#039;d get extremely and irrationally angry. Switching to a lower dose pill or just pulling the plug on BC in general because this is really scaring me."
"This is awful. I&#039;ve been on this for two years. Every thing was ok the first couple months but then it caused severe depression and I mean full blown suicidal thoughts on a daily basis for honestly no reason at all. No huge life changes just same old same old when the depression started. Also the bleeding, my God, the bleeding is endless. I can&#039;t with 100% accuracy say it&#039;s effective because of the zero desire to even have sex, which could be because of the endless bleeding.  I went from very sexually active to nothing almost immediately after having it put in. I&#039;m having it taken out early and DO NOT recommend this to anybody!!! There&#039;s got to be something better out there."
"Solodyn really worked for me.  Make sure the Dr. prescribes by your weight, I started with 90mg which is way too high for what I weigh, it caused tingling in my fingers and toes, once I got it reduced to 65mg I had no side effects.  The only negative is the price, the discount card is only good for 3 refills after that it is very expensive."
"I was on the depo shot for two years but when I started moving  house a lot it was impossible for me to make my appointment every three months. So I switched to this. It was bruised when I first got it for about a week but it was one of those bruises that didn&#039;t hurt. I&#039;ve had maybe one or two periods since I&#039;ve had this put in my arm sometimes the last one went on for a couple weeks but it was on and off and very light. I will say I&#039;ve been maybe a little depressed since I&#039;ve had this but I also have depression so I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s from this or not .  I really haven&#039;t had any issues , no weight gain or anything since getting it. Honestly I love it and highly recommend it ."
"After being on Depakote Er for 8 months, it was really effective in reducing the migraines. As side effects, I never gained one single pound, but the hair loss was just unbearable. I lost half of all my hair. I had to stop taking it, unfortunately. I have always had headaches, since I was a child. Before Depakote, I stayed one month having headaches every single day, had to stay in bed, couldn&#039;t even walk, and I felt like I reached the lowest point in my life, I wouldn&#039;t be able to live with the pain anymore, I had no life. After 2 weeks on Depakote er 500mg I started getting better. I was having only 8/10 per month. Now I&#039;m on topiramate for 2 weeks, the hair is still falling a lot and the migraines are back, almost everyday."
"Got mirena December 2016 for heavy bleeding. I&#039;m 47. Have bled almost every day since then. This is awful. At least I&#039;m not heavily bleeding, it&#039;s light to medium. I&#039;ll give it until June then I&#039;m done. I hate it."
"Before I was on Prozac,I would just feel sad all the time..I had been feeling like crying alot,and just in this constant depressive state. One day,I went to the doctor&#039;s office..I broke down, almost cried and told the doctor what was going on. He was so understanding,and said he was gonna start me on an antidepressant. So after having been on Prozac 20mg going on my 2nd week, I feel so much better. I&#039;m more positive ,I don&#039;t get into hardly any depressive modes anymore ,and it feels like I finally have my life back. Plus the doctor added in a daily dose of .05 mg of Ativan to help ease with the panic attacks. I feel so much calmer, happier, and I&#039;m able to function better at work. The combination of Prozac and Ativan works wonders for me:)"
"I usually don&#039;t give reviews but for Adipex is necessary that I share with you. I started on 3/4/14 at 215 pounds, today 4/7/14 I&#039;m @ 198lbs. In only 33 days I&#039;ve lost 17 lbs. I&#039;m eating healthy and small portions, cause I don&#039;t get hungry.. I don&#039;t crave nor look for fast food restaurants. I&#039;ve added more fruits and veggies into my menu. I&#039;m staying away from sugar and bread. I&#039;m thirsty all the time, water, water is my best friend. If you are reading this I was just like you 30 days ago reading and trying to find out if this would work, and my answer is &quot;YES&quot; it does. Just take it day by day and eat right and exercise. Will give my next update at the end of April."
"I have been on Trulicity for almost 8 months now. I did have a lot of nausea that little by little   improved over time. I have very little nausea at this point. I have lost 20 lbs since I started using it. My A1C is lower and my sugar is under control. My readings are wonderful. I am on the .75 dose. I tried the 1.50 and had major nausea..I felt awful. So went back to the .75 and  it&#039;s enough to keep my numbers where they need to be. In fact I am off all other diabetes medications now (was on Latus and Meteformin)"
"I took this medicine for constipation that had lasted nearly 3 days. After about 8 hours, I was in SEVERE ABDOMINAL PAIN, and barely able to breathe. This pain somehow got worse, and only after 5 hours, did the pain become tolerable. I did completely clean out my system, but the pain was horrible and intense. It even made me throw up, have cold sweats, and nearly faint from the pain. To sum it up, I&#039;m.throwing the rest of this medicine or (torture), in the trash, and I will advocate for people to NOT use it. Hopefully, I can save someone from going through what I just did."
"Diabetes high blood sugar can cause testosterone to fall into low levels.  Had all of the symptoms of low testosterone before.  Was injecting into the right quadricep.  Kept getting blood gushers there.  Changed the injection location to the upper outside corner of the right glute and got much better results.  Blood sugar control and exercise are key to getting optimal results.  Also, you HAVE to donate blood every 8 weeks in order to keep the iron levels down (red blood cell count).  High iron can lead to serious heart problems.  Some blood banks require that you have a prescription from your doctor to donate because the high iron causes the blood to be so thick that it can&#039;t be used in a transfusion.  Red Cross takes it regardless."
"I have been on topiramate for about 10 months now and have lost almost 60 lbs. I have had no real side affects except a very dry mouth if i don&#039;t drink enough during the day while I am am at work. My family Doctor has been monitoring my weight loss since day one. I also changed my cooking and eating habits and stopped drinking soft drinks and no longer crave sweets unless it is that time of the month. I have been overweight most of my life and I have tried for years to loose the weight by exercising and weight watchers but it wouldn&#039;t come off and stay off, and now it is!"
"I was put on Nuvaring after trying several different pills that didn&#039;t work for me (weight gain, irritability, headaches) and the Nuvaring has been amazing! I did gain about 5-10 pounds and my boobs got bigger, but it was worth it because I didn&#039;t have many other side effects. The first month I cramped a bit, but it gets better! To insert the ring, I take out the cotton from a tampon and put the Nuvaring in the tampon applicator and insert it that way and it&#039;s so much easier than trying to manipulate the ring with your hands. I recommend the Nuvaring to all of my friends that are miserable on the pill"
"I have been on it going on 2 years now. The first month I had a light period for 2 days and since then hadn&#039;t had another one until now. No weight gain or mood swings extremely sore breasts with period. Would definitely recommend this birth control to everyone."
"* EDIT last entry didn&#039;t include score

I&#039;ve been on Lomaira for about 8 weeks and have had success. My doctor first put me on 37.5 mg generic phentermine, but I couldn&#039;t stop sweating and it was giving me anxiety. I was definitely eating less, but I hated the feeling. My doctor told me a new weight loss medication was now available that was more targeted to evening when I tend to over eat after work. It&#039;s definitely a bit more expensive. I&#039;m paying $29/month and the generic was about $18/month. I prefer the brand and I like starting on this low dose. You can go all the way up to 24mg with this so I will probably stay on lomaira for a while. I&#039;ve lost about 18 lbs in 2 months. I don&#039;t like drugs so I&#039;m happy to use less phentermine"
"After being diagnosed with Lyme Disease in 1999 one of the worse symptoms was severe joint pain and muscle spasms in my legs and back. Thankfully my doctor understood that immediate relief was needed and combined my Norco(taken for joint pain) with Soma. This was a God send."
"I love my nexplanon! I was worried because of all the bad reviews I saw and the horror stories of weight gain, mood swings, and acne. I have had my implant in for a month now, and have had no bad side effects other than my light acne returning. I was on a pill that cleared it, but now that I&#039;m not, it&#039;s back. I have had no mood swings, weight gain, or bad spotting. I did spot for a week or two after first getting it, but it was brief. Insertion was a breeze. Overall, I would recommend trying this if you&#039;re looking for an effective method! Worst case scenario, you have it taken out."
"I&#039;m a first time user of Lutera and never took any type of birth control in my life, so far I&#039;m on the 4th week of using it and experienced terrible migraine/headache for 2 days which made me skip a pill. I managed to get back on track but have not had any other side effects. I&#039;m really just taking it to help my hair grow, it has grown by a couple of inches. Yes! I have fuller breasts and nice facial skin as well. I have also been able to maintain a well-shaped body with daily exercise (no hunger attacks). "
"No problem taking it whatsoever. Chilled in the refrigerator both the Suprep and water. Did not drink any liquids for 4 hours prior in anticipation of having to down 48 oz. of liquid in one hour. Tasted similar to black cherry. Was able to easily down the Suprep mixture in only a few minutes through a thick straw. Was also easy to down 32 oz of Gatorade within the hour. Second dose was no worse than the first dose. Started going to the can in less than an hour. No cramping. Will only use Suprep 5 years from now on next colonoscopy. If any doctor doesn&#039;t agree at that time for me to use it, I&#039;ll simply find another doctor that will. Now have it on record that it did adequate cleaning for me because I specifically asked my doctor if it did."
"I just got prescribed these pills today. Took 100mg an hour after eating. 1 hour later I&#039;m really tired. And I&#039;ve been reading some pretty scary reviews. I was on doxycycline 100mg. I&#039;m 38. I&#039;m talking my doctor tomorrow to get put back on doxy"
"This is a miracle for clearing acne. I had a bumpy road but in the end it was great. Started on 20mg then bumped it up to 30mg then 40mg but the 40mg was too high and formed cysts and then he bumped me back to 20mg then worked me back up to 30mg. I was on it for 2 years but it does mess you up psychologically well me personally although I have also had a couple concussions because of sports so that could be the factor, who knows? Sometimes randomly I&#039;ll get depressed but it usually only lasts like 1 night, its weird but I do recommend this."
"NO sex drive at all, thought it was me, but after reading multitude of other comments, it wasn&#039;t.  Also had continual &quot;break-through&quot; bleeding which of course, how is that preventing periods??  IT ISN&#039;T!  It&#039;s one long menstrual cycle for almost a constant month.  Plus, it is EXPENSIVE even with good insurance.  Definitely switching to something else and at least plan my period, have enjoyable sex with my husband again."
"I was caught in a vicious cycle of soaking wet hot flash after soaking wet hot flash which caused me to become agitated which caused my heart to race ALL NIGHT LONG which then caused me to be irritable and I could barely focus during the day.  My doctor started me on the estradiol patch .05 mg and within a few days I felt like a new person.  I now go through the entire night maybe one minor hot flash and the resulting anxiety is gone.  I sleep now better than I ever have.  The only side effect I have noticed is that my breasts are a little tender but not enough to make me stop.  If I wind up gaining a few pounds who cares I am a human being again."
"I recently moved to Savannah, GA and developed a horrid cough. I continued to get colds and did not stop coughing for weeks. I was treated by an allergist with every known allergy drug, inhaler and nasal spray. I then started allergy shots. I continued to cough till I threw up at least 10 times a day. In addition this caused urinary incontinence. I then started to see an ENT and went through cat scans, scopes, etc. with no relief from the cough. My personal care physician has now suggested I see a gastroenterologist. Meanwhile she was willing to treat the symptoms. This is the best drug I have ever taken. After the first dose I immediately stopped coughing. It lasts a full 12 hours and allows me to sleep!"
"After less than a week&#039;s use I developed heart palpitations... my doctor said it can&#039;t be from medication, but by the second day  that I stopped it palpitations stopped."
"I got my prescription from PP after previously using Chateal and having an awful experience so my expectations were not high. However since using Mononessa for 3 months now, I have had the best experience. No weight gain, feelings of depression, or pregnancy. My period is a day longer but all in all it is lighter and less painful. The only negatives I have noticed is that I have small breakouts and cravings."
"I&#039;ve had GAD for 30 years.  The last 5 years it&#039;s gotten worse, my normal techniques weren&#039;t working anymore and I needed help.  I take the smallest amount of Klonopin 0.25 mg once per day and it level&#039;s things out.  "
"I am a 27 y/o female, have been battling depression and anxiety for a few years now. As I transition into a nurse, I decided that enough is enough, I can&#039;t keep living my life with this anxiety and unhappiness. St. John&#039;s Wort works okay. I didn&#039;t notice a huge change in my mood. I was a little happier, but not much. The anxiety was still the same. The biggest change I noticed was that it made it easier for me to talk to people. I have social anxiety really bad. Reason I decided to stop taking it is bc one night I had super bad anxiety so I took a Xanax and it COMPLETELY CANCELED OUT the effect of my Xanax. Went into a full blown panic attack, had to call into work. This drug has a A LOT of interactions with other meds. Will be going on SSRI"
"I was told as a youth and treated as a Rheumatoid patient
Muscle spasms in the legs and feet were always a problem. Rest, massage, and very warm water soak&#039;s. 
Now, I&#039;m over 70&#039; and doctor put me on long term Methocarbon which swells my tongue and puts sores in mouth, and changes my taste. I some times get dizzy and lay awake nights partially asleep. I&#039;m tired a lot and just can&#039;t get energy up. Or care. What do you think. Should I change Rheumatolgist?"
"Shortly after I was infected in Mar 2017 the HIV wreaked havoc on my nervous system with some horrible peripheral neuropathy pain. Diagnosed on May 11 and started Genvoya in June with a class of 12,000 and cd4 of 660, one month later my class was 40 and cd4 increased to 822. Unlike most of the reviewers above I do have more side effects. The neuropathy is better thank God, but I have tiredness, sleeplessness, some abdominal pain, and lightheadedness. All that considered this medicine is what I call a wonder pill  because it just works period. Due to the fact that cobicistat works with the liver I take it at night before bed so my liver will be at rest while the Genvoya does it&rsquo;s thing. This was not my first choice so thanks Doc!"
"Thanks to Latuda, I have my life back! I&#039;ve
taken so many medications in the past with no
relief of my symptoms until Latuda! I wish I had known about Latuda years ago."
"I just put it on last night for the first time. However I put waaaay too much on and my armpits have been burning and red ever since. However for right now I think it&#039;s worth it. To wear the clothes you want without having to worry. No deoderant put on after that application. Still dry."
"I&#039;ve been taking Benicar for about 2 years now.  Every other medicine tended to make my feet and ankles swell badly, but this medicine is great.  My blood pressure is consistently about 110/70 (sometimes lower).  No side effects.  I take it in the mornings and do not have a problem with drowsiness, even though I&#039;m really prone to this side effect with other medicines.  I just wish my insurance covered it on their formulary.  As it is I pay $45/month.  This, in combination with the diabetic medicines and supplies, really takes a toll on my budget.  But I guess the results are worth it.  As a state worker in California, though, I may have to investigate less expensive options soon! "
"I&#039;ve barely had any acne in the past then in just 2 months my face broke out like crazy and won&#039;t stop. its starting to bring my self esteem down like crazy, my acne is hormonal and my whole cheek is pigmented. I looked at the reviews and had high hopes for this medicine. I&#039;ve been on it for about a month by now and I am seeing no changes. My derm told me it should be a lot clearer in about a month and less inflamed, well its not any less."
"I had rotator cuff surgery and I was prescribed percocet after telling the doctor that I have a sensitive stomach to most medications.  The medicine took the pain away, but I only take half a pill of the 5mg and my stomach gets so upset and try not to vomit. I can&#039;t get in a car without getting car sick. The doctor has now prescribed me Darvocet, lets hope this works better."
"I am on my 5th week of Seasonique. I will repost as I am further along. The first 3 1/2 weeks I had that normal &quot;somewhat odd&quot; (bloating, irritability) that comes with starting any new birth control (My personal experience). At 3 1/2 weeks I had to take pain killers every couple of days. Random cramping. However, the week that my period was expected, week 4, I had only light spotting. No blood ..just a few smears of super light brown discharge. I often have PMS..so I think the irritability I had was just around PMS time. So the irritability/slight moodiness was ok with. Now I am on week 5. Irritability gone. Still light spotting...but I&#039;m optimistic so far. Looks like this may work. Will repost to share."
"I started this pill at 18 because I didn&#039;t have my period for 6 months. My period came back after the first month. My acne got worse for the first 6 months but eventually got a bit better, no more cystic acne. My appetite skyrocketed but my weight has stayed constant. It&#039;s also given me hot flashes. Lots of moodiness and anxiety but that might be unrelated to the pill, and it has improved somewhat. After 15 months I&#039;ve decided to switch pills. That being said, the pill affects everyone differently so take my experience with a grain of salt."
"Ultram was helpful for my muscle pain associated with the fibromyalgia. It did not make me feel &#039;dopey&#039; or &#039;high&#039; or more tired, etc. However, I would have to eat a substantial meal before taking it and then eat an apple or something after I took it or I feel on the verge on vomiting. 
It made me so nauseated if my stomach was not completely full."
"I&#039;ve had severe anxiety my whole life paired with depression and bipolar disorder. Ever since I was a child, I&#039;ve had chronic migraines and headaches, especially at ages where I just shouldn&#039;t be having them. My doctor prescribed me this to calm me down and help stabilize my brain activity, so as to halt the anxiety and depression he thought was causing my headaches and migraines.
The pill worked fine after the first few doses, but I guess my body developed a tolerance. Now, when I don&#039;t take it, I&#039;m extremely nervous and my depressive tendencies skyrocket. My headaches and migraines never went away. I feel that this pull had a negative effect on me rather than actually helping, and I will be consulting my doctor for something else."
"I was on Paxil 40mg for years and my anxiety was very minimal. I switched to Prozac couple of months ago because I thought the weight gain and side effects from Paxil was too much. Now after about 8 weeks on Prozac 20mg my anxiety isn&#039;t getting better and I&#039;m often dealing with anxiety/panic again.
My Np tried to switch me from 20 mg daily to 40mg 3 days a week but I thought that was making anxiety worse.
"
"I have ADHD and this medication works!"
"I am on my 7th day of treatment and have not experienced any of the side effects, except for the skin irritation where the AK&#039;s are prevalent."
"Had unprotected sex on Dec 6 , took Ella with in 36 hours. Had slight dizziness the day I took it. Took it on a full stomach and made sure I ate a little something every two hours. Stayed hydrated. I also took dramine for the dizziness. Today day two I only have a slight belly ache. MUCH BETTER THEN PLAN B.  Which tricks your body into thinking it is pregnant and got all pregnancy symptoms. I would say Ella worked for me !"
"It is fantastic that it wears off so quickly - no residual tiredness in the morning like other sleep-aids.  I do wish it lasted longer.  It really only keeps you asleep for ~4 hours.  I guess that&#039;s what Ambien CR is for."
"I&#039;ve had Botox injections 3 times. The 1st time I developed symptoms after a week which made me go to the ER. My bladder was on fire! The Botox only lasted 4 months. The second time, I had zero symptoms and it kicked in right away. The Botox lasted 8 months. The third time, which was yesterday, hasn&#039;t kicked in yet but I&#039;ve been having bladder pains which is relieved after emptying. But I wrote this to say that everyone is different so you can&#039;t really go by our reviews - try it out &amp; if you don&#039;t like it, don&#039;t get it anymore, simple as that. Also, I&#039;ve found it to last longer while also taking Ditrapan 10mg once a day.

Ps. Someone said it&#039;s more expensive for males which isn&#039;t true, it all depends on your insurance."
"No more pain."
"This is my second month on Nuvaring and so far I have absolutely no complaints. I love the ease of just inserting it once a month and just removing it 3 weeks later. I have had no mood swings, weight gain nor depression. As a matter of fact I think I have even lost weight because it seems to have subsided my constant cravings. I would definitely recommend Nuvaring to anyone."
"Currently in the middle of my first week of taking Tri-Sprintec. I started taking it on the first day of my period and it is now the 4th day and my period is basically done. I have had no bad side effects whatsoever; the only is a very mild nausea that is manageable. I also had NO cramps during my period. Definitely Recommend!"
"I tried EVERY over the counter gastric acid reliever on the planet and nothing worked. Then I got my doctor to prescribe Protonix and never had any problems after that. I was very pleased."
"I have been using this gel for the past 4 months it is doing great ,its amazing"
"I started taking Buspar about a year ago for anxiety/panic attacks. I&#039;ve taken benzodiazepines in the past but having an addictive personality, I had to stop those. Buspar saved my life. I have no fear, paranoia, or low self esteem anymore. I used to feel like the world was out to get me and that I was being judged by everyone no matter where I went. I used to have the most crippling social anxiety too, I&#039;d avoid social situations because the anxiety was so bad. Luckily Buspar erased all of that for me. Anxiety still creeps up here and then but it is absolutely nowhere close to being as bad as it was before. No side effects. I love it and will take it for a long time. At first I did get headaches but they went away a couple days later. Love it."
"switched from Ditropan to Detrol LA recently... I am a 44 yr old female.... Ditropan made me so sleepy I could not function and did not help my symptoms at all.  Anyway but this Detrol has made every symptom I have a thousand times worse... I am waking up to urinate at least every hour at night and having to change my clothing constantly from increased incontinence and the urge to go is a lot stronger.  Not to mention the fact that I am miserable from the dehydration it also has caused.  I give up now on trying to find a medicine to help me lead a normal life.  Ijust live with my issue like I was before seeking help."
"I have cystic acne around jaw line and chin, doctor prescribed Aczone, have been using for 4 weeks and as of now I&#039;m not happy nor satisfied. Within first week my skin appeared smoother and smaller pores. During the second week I broke out in cheekbones (possible result of new blush) but after use of Aczone every day none of my acne has gone away. Going to give 2 more weeks before going back to dermatologist."
"I&#039;ve been taking Cymbalta for 3 years, after 7 years of taking Prozac. Even though Prozac worked great for all that time, I guess I started to tolerate it and didn&#039;t work anymore) and has been working great so far, no side effects and is amazing how it brought me out of that abyss I was at. Thank you Cymbalta. "
"This medication did help with dry skin and hair associated with Hashimotos and perhaps did lessen my anxiety &quot;somewhat&quot;,  can&#039;t be sure since I also am in menopause and use Vivelle dot patches and Prometrium.  I gained 30lbs in about one month of starting it.  My TSH is low now and Free T4 almost optimal but Free T3 still too low.  
CONS: packed on the fat which I cannot get off, raised blood pressure, does not help with constant fatigue."
"I was on the Ortho-tri-cyclen-lo for 4 years but my insurance won&#039;t cover it anymore so my doctor switched me to Trinessa.  It&#039;s been almost a month I&#039;ve been taking it and my husband and I loves it.  I was scared at first because of the bad reviews sucha s weight gain and depression.  But with me it&#039;s been good so far.  NO headaches, I&#039;ve lost weight because  with Ortho I was bloated a lot.  I&#039;m more interested in sexual activities so my husband is happy with that.  The only thing I don&#039;t really like is I&#039;m a little bit more emotional but not moody or crabby."
"I was on halcion for almost 5 years until I built a tolerance and it stopped working.  Since then I have tried numerous medications of various types and none have worked as well as halcion.  Most have not even been close or didn&#039;t work at all.  With halcion, I fell asleep quickly and naturally, and stayed asleep at least 6 hours.  It was a restful sleep with no side effects like dreams or strange behavior.  I had no problems waking up or functioning the following day.  It&#039;s only now that I can&#039;t find a substitute that I really appreciate the benefits of halcion."
"I was put on Sronyx in January, first time being on birth control, and I just started my forth month pack. I was nervous about being put on this birth control because of all the negative reviews I read about it. So I can say that I was a little timid. DON&#039;T LET THE BAD REVIEWS SCARE YOU. After 4 months, I haven&#039;t had not one bad side affects with this birth control. I haven&#039;t gained weight. My acne hasn&#039;t gotten worse. My periods went from heavy 6 days to very like 3 days. I was a cramp sufferer during my period since I started for the first time at the age of 13 (I am now 28), to the point where there was a few times I was almost rushed to the ER for them and I haven&#039;t had any cramps whatsoever ever since being on this. Give it a chance!"
"I recently wrote when I was 2 weeks in, now I&#039;m going on week 4.  I&#039;m still feeling pretty well.  I seem to be able to get a lot accomplished now, I did before but was always overwhelmed with it.  I&#039;m no longer overwhelmed.  The worst side effect of this medicine, in my opinion, is being sleepy.  It knocks me out within a few minutes of taking it.  Other that that no other issues."
"500 mg/1x a day for 10 days was prescribed for an acute sinus infection. I take Wellbutrin and bupropion for depression and anxiety--they manage my symptoms very well. Two days of the Levaquin had be in an agitated state such as I&#039;ve not experienced in years   I experienced insomnia--four hours sleep--and I am always blissfully able to sleep 8-9 hrs, falling asleep within minutes of laying down. This drug was poison to my brain. I also have a headache, muscle aches, and redness/rash. I called the Dr for a new drug after 2 doses and asked why in the world would she prescribe me something that has a known history of causing nervous problems?! I may change doctors over this."
"been on this pill for almost a month, however I started my period two weeks early but I&#039;ll chalk that up to always being irregular and my hormones trying to balance. Don&#039;t really have a complaint except night nausea. Literally as soon as the sun goes down I&#039;m sick to my stomach like no other. Gunna just tough it out since my insurance doesn&#039;t want to cover anything else. Anyone have ideas about what to do to help with the nausea?"
"Worked well for migraines but had to stop due to double vision, dizziness and 16 pound weight gain in three weeks."
"Was treated with this drug due to chlamydia symptoms being present.  Tests came back negative for chlamydia, however treatment did cure symptoms of cervicitis.  This non sexually transmitted infection has almost identical symptoms to chlamydia.  I was glad I took the medication when it was offered, as the symptoms where quite uncomfortable.
Since taking the medication have felt 100% better, however side effects of terrible diarrhea and feeling sick started around 1 hour after taking the medicine.  I recommend taking the medication and staying at home for the rest of the day."
"SIde affects are to severe long term."
"I had been taking Microgestin Fe 1.5/30 for 2 years until it started giving me bad cramping and breakthrough bleeding on the active pills. I think my body was starting to reject it or the dosage just wasn&#039;t high enough anymore. Then my doctor suggested to try Safyral and gave me 2 free samples. I just finished my first month and it wasn&#039;t too bad. The worst side effect I had was nausea. My breasts felt fuller, but they went back to their normal size after my period. My period was lighter and the cramping wasn&#039;t that bad. I didn&#039;t gain any weight or feel bloated. I will have to see how this next month is...I plan on staying on this pill!"
"This is my second time being prescribed this for BV, no symptoms. Went in for abnormal bleeding that subsided with Hormone cream (weird I know). They tested for everything and ended up with BV and Myo/Ureaplasma. I was taking this in conjunction with Doxycycline. 
The taste of this medicine is horrible. I was prescribed 2 pills a day (500mg) tablets for 5 days. Pretty sure this will clear it. It does give you fatigue, sensitivity to light and slight nausea but better than an infection. I would eat a heavy meal before taking this and take it same time each day.  Good luck Ladies."
"I&#039;ve struggled with depression since I was a teenager (and attempted suicide then). In college I started having panic attacks. A few years later I was put on this new medicine called Effexor (after getting no relief from Paxil nor Zoloft) and for the first time in my life I felt relatively normal!  I&#039;ve been on Effexor - 150 mg/day for 20 years now and it has REALLY helped me to function at a high level.  I have gone off it several times - VERY slowly, but each time, a few months after being completely off, BANG - unbelievable depression, and I&#039;d go back on. I&#039;m at peace knowing I&#039;ll most likely be on it form the rest of my life.  Helps with depression AND anxiety.  No problems drinking while taking it, had three healthy kids while on it."
"This medication was/is a God send for me.  Before taking it I would wake up 6 to 9 times a night to empty my bladder (and there was hardly anything there).  During the day I would have an urge to go &amp; did not quite make it to the toilet at least 1 time a day if not more.  With the medication I might get up once during the night and that awful &quot;you have to go NOW&quot; urgency is gone during the day!!  It has made a vast improvement in my life - physically as well as emotionally (not worring where the bathroom is no matter where you are).  
I would agree that this is an expensive medication.  I decided to go on-line, found Tovias &amp; the manufacturer &amp; then filled out the forms for a significant discount!!  They now pick up almost 100% of the cost!"
"I got pretty bad mood swings/anxiety with this but worst of all, I got cramps. I had cramps all month long for about 3 months before I switched. It would feel like someone punched me in the uterus and I&#039;d bend over in pain at random times in the day. However, I did experience this with other barr/teva pharmeceutical birth controls. I didn&#039;t get pregnant so I suppose it was effective in that sense."
"Unfortunately my ex-boyfriend intentionally &amp; knowingly gave me Herpes. The first breakout was horrible, I had to go to the Emergency room. They prescribed me Acyclovir 400 mg 4x daily. It definitely works and it works fast. I had no side effects at all. I always keep it on me and I am to take 200mg 5x daily if I start to have another breakout."
"I&#039;ve been on Suboxone for 5 days now and I have been taking 40 to 50 pills a day of 15 to 30 mg of oxycodone that&#039;s 800 mg a day addiction. Suboxone has helped so much. Very few side effects for me, some chills and a little diarrhea. I use Benadryl to be able to sleep, but that&#039;s it. Tomorrow will be day 6 without anything, will keep you posted. Past 2 days I took only 1/2 a pill so maybe that&#039;s why I felt a little withdrawal symptoms but that&#039;s better than increasing Suboxone dose. Good luck to everyone and use it only to detox."
"Type II diabetic since 2003. Been on Metformin, Avandia, glyburide, Lantus, and Novalog either as monotherapy or in combinations. Been on pump since 2007 and got through 2 pregnancies with pump. Endocrinologist recommended this so I can reduce my insulin uptake and hopefully, get off the pump (weight gain and complacent with diet on pump). So far I&#039;ve only been on Invokana 4 days. Lost 8 pounds, reduced appetite, more water intake. Noticed you need to watch carbs or sugar will spike. I&#039;m still on Metformin 2000mg/day and pump but barely any insulin. Will stay on this for a while to see if I can get off the pump (my goal) and lose more weight."
"I LOVE MY SKYLA!!! Got Skyla Feb. 2017 (no kids) and had one period and then no periods since. The insertion was crampy pain (bearable but uncomfortable) but quick and I had no side effects immediately after and got up and left normally. I had some light spotting the next week and now when my period is supposed to come I may have a little extra discharge but nothing else. I am a person who has struggled with horrible mood swings, cystic acne, heavy crampy periods, and no luck with any other BC and I have tried nearly all of them in the 11 years I have been on BC. Skyla is the first time in my 27 years that I am acne free, without mood swings, and the happiest and healthiest I have ever been using any form of hormonal birth control!"
"I was diagnosed with major depression 6 years ago when I was 18 years old. I was started on 100mg of Zoloft. You hear the commercials about side effects of SSRIs about how they can &quot;increase suicidal thoughts in children and young adults&quot;. Well Zoloft did that to me and made my depression even worse until I eventually was suicidal and was hospitalized.  Then they switched me to 60mg Celexa and I have never had any problems with it! I&#039;ve been on it for 5 1/2 years and the only side effect I have is low libido.  The FDA lowered the max recommended dose to 40mg so my doctor lowered my dose too. I have been okay on 40mg but I wish I was still allowed to have the 60mg. I wonder why the max dose got lowered?"
"A sleeping pill. Terrible."
"Was prescribed 120mg (a low dose I understand) 2 weeks ago for constant arrhythmia. I estimate I now have arrhythmia 30% of the time and the feeling is much less intense. 
Greatly relieved, although still wonder what triggered this condition. No noticeable side effects yet."
"Second time on Aldra.  The first time I used it on my right temple, nose, and my face.  I was covered in red blotches, like scalds, but I don&#039;t remember any severe reactions. I can&#039;t seem to remember it hurting,  and it was worth it. It cleared the persistent and sore bcc on my nose and temple.  I now have another bcc on my forehead which has been persistent and shown no sign of healing, and has bleed at times.  My GP/doctor has prescribed a course of Aldara and  this time I have a much worse reaction, one side of my face has come with very red like swollen spots, blistering, and I have flu like symptoms.  But I am sure it will be worth it."
"I havent been on bc since I was 18 I&#039;m on it now and I&#039;m 29. I have stomach pain a lot I&#039;ve been on it for 3 months so I&#039;m hoping my body is still adjusting. Other than that cheap price and no other problems."
"This has been my first time on birth control. I never really experienced many symptoms the worst would be the really bad headaches towards the end of my active pills and during the placebo pills. After 7-8 months are when things started to chance I spotted for 11 days; and that had never happened to me. I didn&#039;t miss a pill or anything but I still got my period as usual. The following month I did not miss any pills, did all I was suppose to but I missed my period completely. And not on the 9/10th  month I have been spotting for the past 3 days (I think due to missing on pill but taking it first thing in the morning and the other at my usual time) but the cramps are horrible. This BC has given me more or a headache than anything"
"I have been on Requip for over a year now and it is a God-send. Requip has saved my life. I don&#039;t have any of the side effects (sleepiness, etc.) associated with Requip, thank goodness, but it does let me sleep at night.  I asked my doctor to prescribe it for me and she had never heard of Requip until I told her about it.  Surprise!  I will be on Requip forever until science figures out what causes RLS.  I highly recommend Requip to anybody who has RLS.  Side effects for me - none whatsoever, just a good night&#039;s sleep for a change."
"Everything was fine at first, in the last 2 months I&#039;ve had serious mood swings which is atypical for me but the worst of it all is I have had SERIOUS HAIR LOSS!! Thought it was because I gave birth 7 months ago but the more I research it, the more connections I&#039;m finding to the birth control. Hair was once so thick I broke hair ties on a regular basis now I have a receding hair line and bald spots."
"I suffer from RA 34 Years, Chronic head pain 48 years, Nerve pain 10 years, and diabetes 23 years. I have been taking pain meds since I was six years old. The 1000mg metformin I took twice a day almost killed my kidneys, leaving me with only 50% kidney function. This caused me not to eliminate a large dose of morphine I take and almost killed me. Now I cannot take any pain meds metabolized in the kidneys at all, scary I know. So last week my PMD put me on the 10&micro;g Butrans patch. It doesn&#039;t seem to work for me at all. I can feel the drug in my body because of a constant stomach ache since the day after putting on the patch. Now, actually, my state is worse than before the patch."
"Miracle drug for me! I seem to have a bad reaction to every drug that is specifically for Bi-Polar! No, I&#039;m not as creative as I was, but it&#039;s between being so high and then crashing so far down or a good steady me! I&#039;ll take this compared to a hospital any day."
"Chantix worked for me. I smoked a pack a day for 35 yrs. Neither patches nor gum was affective. They made me feel ill really. Less than month on Chantix made me a non smoker. That was 7 yes 7 grateful years ago. It is amazing how much I missed out on with family and friends because I was out smoking. Not any more!  I am now there to hear the  joke or the wonderful story and amazingly I am also there  to share my life. And I have moved into the present because I am present."
"I love apri!:I lost 5 pounds and my skin is clearer than ever and I am NOT pregnant and my libido is still intact way better than ortho tri cyclen"
"I use this med for lower back pain."
"It is the only medication that will control my vertigo, dizziness and sickness, ringing in ears, etc......."
"Most of the time Brintellix has worked fairly well, I take it along with Wellbutrin XL."
"I was on Lutera for almost 4 years prior to it being discontinued. It worked great from the get-go. However, once discontinued, I was given orsythia in replacement. It was horrible, I had awful acne (after never really having acne problems other than an occasion pimple), it made me irritable, I had very heavy bleeding, and I was contstantly tired. Then I got a 3 month supply through express scripts for convenience. I was given the literal generic, no name. It has been the worst. Dark stringy discharge for a week, dizzy, anxiety is through the roof, stabbing pain in my lower abdomen. Called my doctor and waiting to hear back.... awful experience..."
"I&#039;ve only been on it for a week now and I have some side effects such as moodiness, breast soreness, hair loss, bloating, diarrhea. It&#039;s not too bad though and I hope it subsides. I like that it is more convenient than the pill. You don&#039;t have to remember to take it everyday. But don&#039;t listen to people saying they hate it because some birth controls work for certain people and people complain about them all. Just experiment. Also my boyfriend said he couldn&#039;t feel it so that&#039;s a plus."
"I am always hungry since starting Buspar and getting fat! But it does help with anxiety. Doctor denies it can cause weight gain. How can I stop gaining weight and lose??"
"I just started Belviq on 3/8/14 and today, just 5 days later, I&#039;ve lost 5 lbs! I&#039;m very excited and looking forward to where I am on day 30."
"I was only on this medicine for one month. It was too strong for me. My anxiety and depression went away completely, but I also didn&#039;t care about anything. I completely lacked motivation and would sometimes just lay around doing absolutely nothing. I didn&#039;t even have much interest in eating. I also became antisocial and didn&#039;t want to leave the house, even to walk the dog, because I didn&#039;t want my neighbors to see me or talk to me. It was the weirdest experience. It&#039;s like I barely existed that whole month."
"Love this medication, after 2-3 years of severe long lasting manic episodes finally decided to take meds full time. Hardly any side effects, very hungry, simply eat normally and you wont put weight on, the medication doesn&#039;t make you fat, eating does. Occasionally very tired and my stomach from time to time gets a little funny, just take with lots of water and food. Very calm, can concentrate, no racing thoughts, level, basically gave me my life back, works well at 750 even though I&#039;m 80kgs, Dr upped me to 1000mg but felt too sedated so dropped back down. I move to 1000mg if I feel like I&#039;m starting to drift a little for a few weeks then move back. However, this is the 7th med I have tried, all others have failed, never write one med off"
"Today I went to the doctors for some common flu symptoms. They prescribed me Zofran for my nausea and upset stomach. About 10-15 minutes after taking it there was a tremendous relief of everything. It works rapidly and does wonders. I have not experienced any side effects like headaches or nothing yet so everything&#039;s good so far."
"Tysabri is the first medication I was put on after being diagnosed with MS. So far it has been very effective, I started taking it after recovering from my first attack. I don&#039;t know if it is the Tysabri or just my body healing, but over the last 6 months I have continued to feel fewer and fewer MS symptoms. I was even able to run a marathon recently. 
I do treat positive for the JC virus antibodies, but my doctor had assured me that I can take Tysabri for up to two years with minimum risk of PML.
The injection typically takes 1 hour, with another hour of waiting (something the government had mandated for some reason or another), but I have not felt any side effects."
"I give this a 10 because it has been very effective in preventing pregnancy. I got mine in June 2017 so I&#039;ve had this for 1 year. During insertion I felt a pinch that lasted a few seconds. I did not bleed at all. I was told it was common to bleed 3 to 6 weeks after. I did not bleed until my next scheduled period. It was a day or so off. It was a light flow so it lasted a few days longer. Spotting for a few day then a light flow in the middle and finished spotting. I never needed a tampon or a regular pad. I only wore thick liners. I did however experience side effects. For the first few months I had headaches every other day. Then right before my period I would get sharp cramps that lasted a day then normal cramps and pain. So far I love it."
"I was prescribed trazodone 50 milligrams of a week ago and I have to say that this works wonders! I never wake up groggy and always sleep completely well. I used to be on xanax one milligram, but I definitely like trazodone better"
"This medicine did not work well for me.  I was on it for a total of three months and it did not make me feel any better.  The side effects were not fun.  I had trouble sleeping and almost no energy."
"This is not the drug for everyone. I was absolutely miserable on Concerta. I was restless, anxious, needy, fidgety, irritable, and depressed. My psychiatric practitioner attempted to cure these symptoms by prescribing higher doses. I eventually had a meltdown. As soon as I stopped, it was like I was instantly better. I know this drug works wonders for some people, but please be careful."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and I have had eczema since I was a baby. I&#039;ve been on many medications and when I heard about dupexant I had really high hopes for it. I have been on this medicine for 4 months now and my dermatitis has gotten worse. My face and neck are constantly burning and my eyes are swollen and red. I haven&#039;t had a good experience with this medication but it was worth a try."
"Cataflam is the best OTC for period pain. I can function properly now. I use to take 2 panadol tablets which are pretty useless. I end up feeling nausea and tired. Do take this at the first sign of period for best results. It will be too late to take it when the pain starts."
"I&#039;ve been on it for 1.2 weeks. started at 20 and now up to 40 mg. I was so scared to try this medicine because unfortunately I have a side effect to just about every anti-psychotic except Seroquel. They tend to make my eyes roll back I can bring them down to look at you but then they stay stuck up. Not even Cogentin helps. I am so excited because this has not happened with the Latuda yet. I am down 6.4 pounds. And I feel great. My appetite is very curb. Unfortunately my first week I had a lot of anxiety. And one very bad day. But all of that has seemed to subside. My stomach has been upset... But I&#039;m willing to take the bad... Because I&#039;m getting so much good"
"I have been on acetazolamide 500mg 3xper day. On the first day I experienced tingling on my feet that lasted at most 5 minutes and I woke up disorientated on whether it was 9 the same night, the next night, or the next morning. I have a ridiculously busy schedule and I&#039;m always tired so I am still unsure if I have experienced fatigue due to the medicine. Get the capsules instead of the tablets if possible. Tablets release all 500 mg at once. The capsules release little by little so you don&#039;t get all the side effects just dumped on you. With the capsules side effects seem to be lighter in intensity. Soda tastes like crap. I already urinate frequently due to my water intake. My psuedotumor symptoms have disappeared though."
"I had a bad reaction.  I started feeling worse and worse during the week, achy and flu-like. Then on the Saturday following the first dose on Monday, I started feeling feverish and by midnight my fever was 104.3.  I was unable to drive myself to an emergency room or critical care facility so I toughed it out and the fever finally broke about 4 AM and then the rashes started.  I broke out all over and it itched terribly.  By Monday I was able to drive the three blocks to see my Nurse Practitioner.  The worst part of the whole thing was that it didn&#039;t do anything for the bladder infection."
"These do not have a stool softner, which I did not want. They are huge which made me nervous at first but I dont have any trouble swallowing them. They taste great."
"I had been watching my Bp for a while and knew it was a bit on the marginal side of high. When I finally decided to go see my Dr about it, was when it was 212/110. Couldn&#039;t get it below 186/94 no matter what I did. So, he put me on 20mg with 25mg hctz. Within the week (yesterday was one week) of being on it, my Bp at highest point is 151/86 and generally runs in the 130s over 67 to 76 at the highest. The only problem I&#039;m having is I&#039;m tired!"
"It works really well."
"This medication is labeled a wonder drug in my household. It is the last line of defense and treatment for migraine. However and very sadly I might add recently the copay my insurance company imposed is going to make it hard to take. Limited to 4 tablets per week (while they state all medicines are calculated at a monthly dose level) NOW a copay of $60 per script makes it $240 for each myself and my wife. We just can&#039;t afford this after paying $2400.00 monthly for the insurance coverage. We are being choked to death! If the medicine was covered properly under the contract we could handle the $60 copay per month but because they limit the medication to 3-4 tablets per week. "
"I have post essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis.  Jakafi  has my platelet count and white cell count normal again.  However, it caused my red cell count to go way too low and so am on Procrit shots to avoid transfusions.  I am very fatigued after the slightest physical activity.  I gained about 10 pounds and get pimples from it.  Jakafi instantly got rid of my joint aches and pains."
"Don&#039;t get hung up on bad reviews, this stuff is awesome, I was expecting it to be like drinking motor oil thick foul tasting liquid.

In reality it&#039;s like really cheap and nasty diluting juice you drank as a kid, but that&#039;s it, I ended up having a fourth litre as got sent two packs for good measure.

No abdominal pain or anything, it basically just makes you pee out your bum.

Come 5 o&#039;clock I did get a little dizzy as I had nothing at all to eat or drink, or low blood sugar, drank some lucizade and was fine in fifteen minutes ie make sure you get your calorie intake via fizzy juice through the day and you will have no issue!

Thought it would be hard not to eat too, but wasn&#039;t even an issue!
As usual avoid focusing to much on internet!"
"I&#039;m rating 7 for now. I&#039;ll post again when I&#039;ve been on Belviq for 2 weeks. The first 3 days I had headaches almost all day long. After the third day the headaches stopped. I&#039;ve noticed that I have more body aches than usual and my energy is a lot less. I think these will level out. My weight when I started was 183.4. After 5 days I am at !83.2. I was on vacation 3 of those days, so I cheated a bit. I believe I would have lost more if I would have been at home. It&#039;s hard to diet when you are on vacation. I&#039;m just happy that I lost at all. Belviq does curb my appetite some. Mostly I don&#039;t eat as much when I eat and I feel full longer. Yesterday I forgot to eat lunch. I have low sugar and not supposed to skip meals. I am on 2 a daily."
"I was on this for a little over a year, as a birth control it worked, however I would get 2-3 week long periods that were awful! Or I would be on my period for about a week it would stop 4 days then start again. My acne didn&#039;t get any worse but I did randomly get depressed, especially for about the first 3 months mood swings like crazy. I&#039;m sure it works great for some people I was just not on of them."
"This pill drove me nuts. After starting the first pack, within a few days I started to feel run down, but I persevered, allowing my body to adjust to it. I finished the first pack, took the break and then started the second pack. Hell. I was so nauseous, I really thought I was pregnant. My boobs were sore, I was tired... I was starting to get really scared. Additionally, I am a happy, upbeat person, but on yasmin, I felt sad; like I have never felt before. I could cry at the drop of a hat, I just felt like I was worthless (having never felt that before), and I could see no hope. It was so weird. My boyfriend, who I love dearly, became the most annoying person in the world. I came off it mid pack and within days I was back to myself."
"Czech/norwegian male 51 yo first symptoms 10y ago undiagnosed until Mar 2017.  Prescribed soolantra.  I had an overnight improvement.  Second  day clear skin.  If I use it before bedtime, it will remove all symptoms with 1 or 2 applications/ day for months.  Not a cure, but maybe my mites aren&#039;t as aggressive?"
"hi, I got the nexplanon April 2016, it was great, I bled about 3 weeks straight, then some spotting, then nothing for almost a whole year when I bled for a week. my breast size increased by a whole cup size. Then the weight gain started, I was always a size one, and over the course of a year I jumped to size 5. Now I did go thru a really traumatic experience with abuse so it thought I could have been from that. Well I got my nexplanon removed a week ago and have already lost 5 pounds! my doctor told me when I got it that I probably wouldn&#039;t gain weight, well wrong."
"Weight Gain as soon as I started taking Lyrica."
"I started Loestrin 24 about a year and a half ago. I initially gained about 10 pounds and have consistently continued to gain weight. I look bloated most of the time and have also gotten cellulite, even though I am only in my twenties. I constantly have an appetite and even though I exercise regularly, I cannot seem to lose the weight. However, the bright side is that my periods are non-existent and I don&#039;t have cramping."
"The medication is a very good antibiotic &amp; it really did help my situation."
"I&#039;m 31 &amp; have used many birth control options, beginning with the patch @ 19 then going to the pill within the year. My MD RX&#039;d me the loestrin 1/20 a year ago. This past year proved the best for me as far as overall health: fewer skin breakouts, MUCH lighter &amp; shorter periods (i frequently donate blood and am not iron-defficient anemic), better sex drive (husband loves), and moodiness not as bad. I have gained 7lb of weight but cannot pinpoint it directly to this pill as I have chosen a less healthy lifestyle the past year. The only negative about this pill for me was I did not stay on a 28 day cycle and had breakthrough bleeding. Today, MD changed me to loestrin 1.5/30 for this reason."
"I am 48 hours clean of any opiates. I was on about 40 to 80mg of oxcodone a day which I know isn&#039;t much, but enough to have failed getting off them multiple times in the past two months. I started to take .1 clonidine twice a day after about 24 hours and since then I have had not even a little feeling of withdrawal. I am so happy I did not try going on suboxone which I had done in my past."
"When I first went on the pill, it was to help with my pmdd, which I will say, helped significantly. However, I have NOO SEX DRIVE. I used to masturbate at least once or twice every day but now I&#039;m lucky if I can even make myself orgasm in a month. Orgasms don&#039;t feel very good anymore and nothing turns me on. Sex is painful and boring. Other than that, it did make my periods a bit shorter which is one positive of this pill. The first week I was on the pill I was super queasy ugh! Some other side effects have been weight gain (only about 3-5 pounds but still), and horrible acne in the first 3 months. I&#039;m seeing my obgyn soon because my low sex drive is hurting my relationship and makes life miserable."
"I have suffered from low back pain for the past two years. I became extremely depressed when I could find no relief from my pain-nothing mattered to me. I have now been taking Tramadol regularly for the past three months and feel I have control of my life/pain. I am able to perform most activities again and am even back at work. This drug saved me."
"I have been on this for the past 9 months, my doctor visit (9 months ago) A1C was at 9.0. I asked if he thought I could try this medicine and he agreed. My most recent visit my A1C had dropped to 6.5. I was afraid that it was still going to be high since I had not changed they way I ate or started exercising. I have always and still do take Janumet twice daily. Also I have experienced absolutely none of the side effects, except frequent urination early on but that has calmed down."
"So first time using it and on fire is the mildest way to describe it. I&#039;m working and in extreme discomfort, therefore I&#039;m very irritable!
Not using the next two doses!!!!"
"By far, the best birth control I&#039;ve ever used. No weight gain, no side effects [although my breasts have been somewhat sensitive] and lighter periods. I was very hesitant about several birth control pills prior due to horror stories from others. However, I&#039;m very pleased with the results thus far and highly recommend this pill to anyone searching for a new pill."
"Requip has given me 4 years of regained fine motor skills, word retrieval and executive functioning. It has been the only medicine I have taken for my parkinson &#039;s disease. The disease marches on, but I can drive, work with young children and take care of myself. I have been blessed, even though each day I can feel the loss of automaticity and coordination. Requip has caused narcolepsy and visual hallucinations that have been quite unique, not scary!"
"I am 19 years old and I have been using Aviane for two weeks now and right away I noticed increased libido but major mood swings. I gain and lose weight pretty quickly so I would have known by now if it causes weight gain, and it doesn&#039;t. The only down-side for me is the mood swings, but I noticed that it&#039;s manageable with a small cup of coffee; I feel better instantly. All in all, this is a pretty good pill. The reason I changed pills was because of decreased libido with Loestrin 24."
"Other than mood swings and headaches, this BC experience is bliss. Little to no period or pains."
"I would have to say this medicine really saved my life . I couldn&#039;t even go through life at first , I started to believe that I would deal with anxiety forever . I highly recommend This medication to anyone suffering from anxiety . At first my anxiety got worse and I was nauseous and couldn&#039;t sleep , but after about two and a half weeks my anxiety completely vanished! I feel better than ever now and I&#039;m only on the 20 mg . Anyone wanting to take Prozac I encourage you to"
"I was diagnosed in April 2013 after getting really sick with fungal meningitis. My CD4 was 41 and the viral load was 260.000. After one month, the CD4 went to 71 (which wasn&#039;t supposed to increase as much), and the viral load was undetectable. Many people recommend to take the pill with an empty stomach, but I haven&#039;t done this, and it hasn&#039;t been a problem. I never had crazy dreams, though the first weeks were kind of hard because I used to get nauseous. Now it&#039;s all good. This pill rocks!"
"Good for the first 3 years but starting to loose its effectiveness. Very expensive most insurance company refuses to cover the cost. So it&#039;s great if you are wealthy or have great insurance."
"I was on Loestrin 24 for about 3 years. I switched because I could no longer get the coupon and it was too expensive. Initially, I noticed some stomach pain, but I have endometriosis which could have caused that. My periods were non-existent after the first year. I went the entire year without a period. I did not have mood swings until I switched to Loestrin 10. Over the past few years, I have had consistent weight gain, without changing my diet or exercise routine. I am not sure if that is due to the medication or an underlying problem. I did not notice any breast tenderness/swelling until I switched to Loestrin 10 either. I have now switched to Generess and am on my 4th day. Extreme nausea. I may just pay the $50 for Loestrin 24 every month."
"I initially used Inderal to assist with &quot;stage fright&quot; for large work presentations (it lowers heart rhythm and so reduces the signs of nervousness). I noticed while taking it that I had fewer headaches and migraines, so my doctor recommended I continue with it. I have now been using a low dose of Inderal for around 4-5 years. It has reduced the frequency of migraines from around a 8-10 a year to 3-4 a year. Headaches have been reduced from several a week, to one every couple of weeks. I have experimented with reducing the dose and frequency however that has resulted in a return of migraines. The main side effect I have noticed is colder extremities (hands and feet). I assume this is due to the poorer circulation caused by Inderal."
"I had to take a one time dose of 4 500mg capsules. About two hours after taking the dose I had noticed I was feeling extremely tired. I was driving and decided to make my way home. So I wouldn&#039;t recommend driving. About 4 hours after, I felt a lot of nausea and general flu like symptoms. I felt like I needed to sleep but was unable to fall asleep. These symptoms were not unbearable.

Its been 3 days since I&#039;ve taken this medication and I still have minor side effects lingering. I have been having great sleeps, random nausea, vivid dreams and random bouts of fatigue. ALL of my symptoms from trichomoniasis have disappeared so I would recommend this medication."
"Very good medication.  Eliminated panic attacks.  Was on Valium. Xanax works a little better for me."
"This drug seems to work for me and get rid of the symptoms of bv, the smell and the itch however the bv itself seems to come back so I think it clears the symptom but doesn&#039;t cure the problem in my body."
"Only been taking Remeron for anxiety, for a week at 15mg. I forgot to take it at night, so my days were a type of groggy I&#039;ve never experienced before. Strange but not unpleasant. It gives me tremors and cravings, but my anxiety just vanished. I lowered the dose to 7.5mg due to it being strong on the sedative side. I also have depression so I look forward to combating that, now that my anxiety is under control."
"I used Claravis for my first course and everything went well. The side effects that I remember were extremely chapped/dry lips, dry skin, dry hair (which I didn&#039;t have to wash for a week), joint pain, headaches.  I repeated the treatment because some acne was reappearing but nothing compared to the begining so I took a much lower dose. The second course was with Amnesteem (because it was the one available at Walgreens in that moment) and everything was going well until my liver enzymes were elevating each month and I had to stop the medicine.  When I recovered, I went back to Claravis and liver enzymes got normalized.  My doctor said that he experienced the same side effect with other patients."
"No side effects at all."
"I take AcipHex every morning to control my heartburn symptoms.  After I eat breakfast, I get heartburn from the coffee and juice.  I take AcipHex after breakfast and I always find it works really fast to make my heartburn go away.  Even when I go to bed at night, I don&#039;t have heartburn.  The other best thing is that it&#039;s a tiny pill, and it&#039;s so easy to swallow.  Half the time I don&#039;t even have to have something to drink."
"I had been on the depo since a young age due to my periods landing me in the ER each month because of vomiting. My body &amp; depo worked well together, so I was disappointed when my gyno recommended me switch to something lighter. Skyla it was. Insertion was painful but over quickly. The after effects are what took me down. Fainting, vomiting, unreal cramping by the time I got to the car &amp; whole first day. Nausea &amp; cramps the next week. Now I just cramp terribly all the time. Every day. For 2 months. That being said, I am thrilled to have mine removed tomorrow. My experience will not be yours, but I do recommend hearing other stories so you can be prepared but do not fear IUDs or your insertion process! Each woman will have her own experience"
"He had his tonsils removed. Dr. did report that while in Surgery my son&#039;s body was jumping on the table. 7 days later he started bleeding from his throat was taken to the operating room for Surgery. Once again he was given Propofol, then had to have a trec and was on Propofol for 3 days while on a breathing machine. His father and I watch his body flopping like a fish out of water is the only way I can describe it. We have never seen anything like this before. They had to put padding all over his bed, it was that bad. He was moving so much he kept pulling out his IV&#039;S. When they took him off of the Propofol 3 days later the jumping of his body didn&#039;t stop, he was in the Hospital over a month. He can&#039;t walk."
"I have had SI on and off since I could remember. This changed my life. I&#039;ve only had a suicidal thought once or twice in the last 8 months of treatment. I&#039;ve had a lot of stressful situations pop up during this time and I am thrilled with how well I was able to manage. Only on 100mg once daily was with 60mg duloxetine and 150 bupropion. I wish I didn&#039;t waste all these years struggling. Why wasn&#039;t this in my life 15 years ago?"
"I am now Hep C cured After being on Dakinza and Solvadi For 12 weeks July 2016 finished September 2016 Only side effects was not sleeping well some nights but my experience using these drugs was positive.  My last blood test was in December 2016 my doctor said no hep c detected and my liver enzymes are all normal. He advised me to be vaccinated for hep A and B Hopefully soon there will be a vaccine for hep c. I&#039;m thankful to be cured and thankful my insurance covered the drug costs."
"I took this pill in September of 2017 it broke my skin out soooo bad! I went to the doctor and they stated you have to let it go away on its own. Well that takes about 2 months and then it leaves you with dark spots all over your body. I tried every skin cream to get it to go away but Bathe with Ambi soap ($1.58) and get the  Ambi Skin Cream for about $4 at walmart. My spots are disappearing fast and do not use this again."
"Brilliant. Day 3 of taking microbid and UTI cleared up. Still 4 more days to go.

Very happy."
"Nothing yet, not helping, on 3rd day i took 3 shots, but still, not worked...i am on my 8th shot today...going back to docs in morning...i hurt, i feel tight, bloated...it feels it could rupture at any time...god, the constipation feels like death.&quot;i am so full, i dont feel i can eat or drink"
"I have used this medicine for 7 years and it works great. I was using 30 mg but now I am using 15 mg. I sleep well but I heard I talk in my sleep alot. I haved stopped sugar and caffine and all sweets 4 hours prior to bed. I feel it helps alot better that way. Relaxing shower before bed as well."
"Drank the first liter of stuff , tasted like alka seltzler, waited 2 hours and it started, the cleansing begun . Sat on toilet for 10 minutes for first round ,scared to rise up because I&#039;ll be coming back , going start second liter , tasted worse , minor bloat and cramp. Done with second liter , slow flushing system , don&#039;t know how many More trips to loo, hope all goes well tomorrow."
"My Dr. Prescribed Sprintec for hormonal imbalance, PMDD. (I&#039;m 42) I take active pills for 3 Mos. Before I have a period. The first 3-4 days during the first week I get very 
nauseous a hour after taking. I started taking my pills at night and crackers help too. My breasts have doubled in cup size (not a bad thing) and are swollen and sensitive. I&#039;m hoping this subsides after my breast stop growing. I have also gained 8-10#. My Dr. Prescribed a water pill to help reduce swelling. I think I may need a stronger RX. (I have gone off Sprintec in the past and the 8-10 #&#039;s drop off in a month or less) Sprintec helps a great deal with my 
symptoms which include: Mood swings, headache, backache, painful cramps, depression."
"I haven&#039;t been on Lamictal for very long yet. But I want to thank all the people who shared how it has helped them. I am having a very hard time hanging on right now. I am getting married to the love of my life in 2 1/2 months and could care less. I am actually thinking about canceling the wedding altogehter. Depression is impacting my work and my relationships with my family. I don&#039;t see much point in hanging on at all.   Reading about how others have benefitted gives me a ray of hope that it will help me too at some point in the future if I can just hold on long enough. Thanks."
"I have been so blessed to start using Levaquin.  I have been sick for 1 months so far.  I thought it was a cold, but I couldn&#039;t recover. After 2 weeks I took a Z-Pak for 5 days, and my symptoms got better, and then it came back.  So, after 4 weeks of sickness, I started the Levaquin and after the first dose my ear infection that I also had at the same time was healing quickly. The second dose had me feeling so much better, that I believe this sinus infection will be gone soon. Yeah!"
"After only 1 week applying the gel on my nose and cheeks I have an upper respiratory problem, runny nose and feel horrible.  One week.  My cheeks burned and itched.  I am a nurse and will NEVER use this gel again.  My doctor&#039;s response was nil..so much for medical professionals understanding side affects of meds they prescribe.  Runny nose, watery eyes, upper respiratory discomfort.  This product is HORRIBLE.

And, why must I accept the Drugs.com Terms and Conditions??"
"Really not a bad experience. The key I think is eating light for the two &quot;low-fibre&quot; days - I ate very little on day 2 - before embarking on day 3 liquid diet and bowel prep. The sour cherry-ish tates is unpleasant but chilled is perfectly drinkable. Effects were immediate and done within one hour - no nuasea or cramping."
"I take 200mg of trazodone with 10mg of Ambien at night to sleep. "
"No way did this drug help me!!!!!! What it Did do was give me MS symptoms! Yes ! I went totally blind off and on during the day and had debilitating headaches to where all I did was lay n cry!!!!!! Warning the dr tells me I had MS I say no it&#039;s the drug! He says no and proceeds to send me to a nuerologist! He exams me and says no it&#039;s probably neuropathy! So here I go again being sent to yet another specialist! I was sent to a optomolgist and he says no your eyes are fine it has to be MS! I then go back to the rhuemotologist for him to say yes it&#039;s MS don&#039;t stop the drug! I went out on my own gut and Stopped the Arava and WHAT DO YOU KNOW--- MS SYMPTOMS DISSPPEARED ALMOST INSTANTLY! So please be aware these drugs will do more harm than good"
"I was given 20 mg of Vyvanse for Binge Eating Disorder 4 days ago. I have suffered with BED for over 40 years. Been to therapy for 30 of those years and never really helped. I am 59 yy and exercise regularly, eat right don&#039;t smoke or drink or drug. But I binge and have always been 15-20 lbs overweight.
Well the first day I took it, I DID NOT OBSESS OVER FOOD which I have all my life. Weekends have been hell especially when dieting, which I am constantly doing. And when not dieting I&#039;m bingeing-classic BED. So I eat a regular meal then A piece of candy or sweet not he whole bag! And then I don&#039;t obsess over the next bag. I think that&#039;s how &quot;normal eaters&quot; do it. Truly amazing! I hope it lasts. Weight loss is bound to happen, but more importantly, no obsession"
"I am 20 yrs old and I have been taking Vyvanse for about 2 years now ...I take 60mg about the same time each morning and it really does wonders in helpig me concentrate and getting everything done both at home and school. I&#039;ve noticed a BIG difference in myself on the days I do take it and on the days I don&#039;t. Only side effects are the loss of appetite, headaches from not eating (from the loss of appetite), dry mouth, irritability and now I have depression.. Don&#039;t know if I should lower my dosage now or maybe it&#039;s from another cause."
"No problems except for nervousness, but could be Pristiq med as well. No sex drive but optimistic things will clear up soon."
"I&#039;m a 33 year old man who has felt like an elderly man for the past 10 years.  I have had every test under the sun and no one ever diagnosed me with fibromyalgia because my pain was all on the left side (Ipsilateral).  The pain started 10 years ago with a car accident and has severely impacted my life.  I have used diet, exercise and massage to manage the pain but a recent flare up made me reach out to my doctor once again.  She wanted me to try Lyrica because I have every classic tender point on my left side only and after the first pill I knew something was better.  I am 3 days in and feel like wonderful.  I still have some aches but feel like this is a miracle. "
"I&#039;m 18 years old. My acne started very severe when I was 16 and I was given medication by a dermatologist when it was at its worst. After a year, the pills stopped working and my face broke out with giant, dark red cysts. I was then prescribed Epiduo. Not gonna lie, it was painful at first; my face was the darkest shade of red, super flaky, and burned something awful. Applying lotion to try and stop the peeling stung and I was so embarrassed to go to school looking like I&#039;d gotten the worst sunburn ever. After a little over a month of this I became discouraged BUT I continued using it and I&#039;m glad I did. My face is no longer red and my acne is almost completely cleared up. STICK WITH IT! I&#039;ve been using it for over a year now. It works!"
"I&#039;ve had this IUD for over 5 yrs . It never crossed my mind that the IUD could be causing all my problems until I came across copper toxicity while finally looking up if anyone else had problems. This IUD has ruined my life my marriage and my ability to be the mom I used to be. It has caused extreme fatigue I am 28 yrs old and have felt my body slowly breaking down first it started with heavy bleeding and cramps then I started cramping everyday I have period cramp ands constant bloating. Then I was diagnosed with gastritis 3 yrs ago and polycystic ovary syndrome 2 yrs ago and it was recommended that I get a hysterectomy by my ob/gyn again I am only 28 so I didn&#039;t get it. Also  I have heart palpitations dizziness hot flashes and hairloss."
"This medicine works really well as a mood stabilizer for me. The only MAJOR drawback is weight gain. I just can&#039;t control myself when the carb cravings happen. I am usually very much in control of my dietary habits, but on Zyprexa that just isn&#039;t possible. I also suffer from schizoaffective disorder and hear voices. Although Zyprexa suppresses them, it does not completely get rid of them in my case; they are quiet enough to tolerate though. I have gained 35 pounds in less than about a month and a half. I am going to wean off of these and ask the psych-doc for something else."
"At first I thought this medication was great. I did feel better in just a few days but then the jerking started and sometimes what felt like anxiety attacks. I have never had anxiety attacks before. I quit the medicine after about 4 months simply because of the side effects. It did make me more alert and active."
"This medication did not work for me at all. It could possibly be because I don&#039;t metabolize SSRI&#039;s very well but I could not feel any sort of change when on this. It helped a little with my minor OCD which I why I stayed on it for so long but after awhile it just triggered what my doctor said was an underlying mood disorder because I started flip flopping between being content or even emotionless, and being severely depressed. This medication did not help me but I&#039;m not going to say it wouldn&#039;t work for other people. I just couldn&#039;t take the side effects."
"Have taken for Benign Prostate Hyperplasia...this medicine works great!  Also noticed an increase in erections and sexual functions. Blood pressure is also lower to 118/68."
"having had pain meds in the hospital were awful following Hip replacement. I was given hydrocodone and they think it was the cause of my BP dropping to 60/40. To avoid those opiots they gave me flexeril and it relieved the most excruciating spasms of my entire operative leg. Not quite sure but that it also is a source of giving me hypotension. If you are going to be comfortable laying down. My recommendation is this."
"I&#039;m a recovering drug addict.  I have horrible anxiety.  Atarax works great and is not addicting. I think more rehab doctors should know this about this medication."
"I&#039;ve been on Exalgo for about 3 weeks now and the difference is amazing. I have chronic pancreatitis and the pain from that is just unbearable...the worst I&#039;ve ever experienced. I had been taking 15 mg oxycodone on an every-8-hour regimen with 2 mg Dilaudid as needed for breakthrough pain. The oxycodone had lost it&#039;s effectiveness and I was having more and more pain that was becoming more and more difficult to control. When my doctor suggested Exalgo, I agreed to try it. Once my insurance authorized it, I got the prescription filled. I had to take 2 mg Dilaudid every 4-8 hours for a few days while the Exalgo build up but once it did, my pain went from a 7 to a 3 on the pain scale. Wow."
"I have suffered from major depression since Junior High School.  In the last 4 or so years all anti-depressants stopped working for me.  I am in my 40&#039;s. Abilify has helped me tremendously.  The only side effect I seem to have is bad headaches but I guess the price is worth it as I am starting to have a life again."
"I was in a lot of pain in my lower back and shooting pain down my leg for months, and had increasing difficulty in walking and sleeping. I had been forced to use a cane, and a scooter to get around and I could no longer walk any distance.  I had to stop physical therapy because the pain was too bad and epidural injections seemed to offer little relief. The MRI indicated that I had tissue from a herniated disc and protruding disc was pressing on the nerves so I was scheduled for surgery. I was given a prescription for  Celebrex ( 250 mg/ 2 times/day) 8 weeks before surgery to help relieve the pain. One week before surgery, I was told to stop taking Celebrex.  The pain has not returned and the surgery was cancelled. I am now essentially pain"
"I have had fatigue problems with Celexa. I have been on Celexa for about 2-3 years and only recently (2-3 months ago) my doctor recommended I try Wellbutrin. I rated this drug 8 out of 10 because I was having lots of problems with motivation and energy. I can proudly say I am &quot;Stable&quot; because of this medicine. I even started an online course. Thanks!"
"I have severe acne so my doctor recommend this product. I have been using it for more than a year now and have had no positive results. For the first month it really burned and I would go to bed wanting to cry, but after my skin adjusted to it. I saw no improvements what so ever. When I told my doctor he said it takes time, but like I said, it&#039;s been more than a year now. I am really disappointed I went through all that suffering for nothing."
"I started on Xanax after the birth of my second child for post partum anxiety. I used Ativan after my first baby but my new doctor wanted me to try Xanax. I thought it worked great at first. .25 my 4 x a day. Most days I only took 2 or 3. My baby developed colic issues and my husband was working 60 -70 hours a week so I had no help and was going crazy from no sleep and endless hours of non-stop crying so they upped my dose to .5 mg 3 x a day. Things calmed down around 3 months so I tried to cut back down but ended up with severe panic attacks and shaking, etc. Even when I take my regular dose on time I am still struggling with increased heart rate, shakiness, irritability, etc. Hoping to switch meds or something at my next appointment."
"I am 32 and had my daughter in Dec 2015. I had the IUD places in April of 2016. This has been one of the worst experiences I&#039;ve had. I have never been one to have any health issues and have been a very active person. I started having high blood pressure out of nowhere. I had to be put on meds.I noticed that my period was longer than I was used to and heavier (8 days or so). Later down the line I noticed my hair and scalp was extremely dry, my hair started coming out like I left some type of chemical left in it. I also started having anxiety (which I never have had a problem with) and then These contraction like pains that came around my period and then after. While it did keep me from getting pregnant the issues are not worth it. removed 5/10"
"Don&#039;t use this if you have an addictive personality...almost killed me"
"Smoking @ 16 for 41 years, had in that time 2 dvt&#039;s. Stopped after first day on Zyban, never touched tobacco since.
Fabulous product."
"I had struggled with Benign Essential Tremor for about 7 years (post-trauma), with shaky hands, stuttered speech, etc.  For years I was given Valium or Xanax to treat it.  In an effort to make a career change, I asked my doctor to find a non-narcotic solution.  In short, after seeing a neurologist I was prescribed propranolol and I&#039;m free of almost all symptoms with less side effects and the negative stigma of being prescribed a benzo."
"Military Combat veteran with previous history of trauma. After ten years of talk therapy, Zoloft cut panic attacks almost to nothing, also brought about a lot of memories, and real therapy finally began.

Erectile dysfunction curbed with Buruprion daily and Viagra for intercourse.

It took 4 days for side effects to wear off, it took about three months for therapeutic benefits - went back to school, made friends, found a girlfriend etc."
"I took this pill for a year and 9 months as I was about to get married. do NOT take this drug. I have never had so many health problems in my life until this drug was brought into my life I gained 30lbs. I am very health conscious. I&#039;ve always been no heavier than 147LBS. I&#039;m a 5&#039;5 dense athletic build.. I lift weights, run, eat very little to no meat. I eat a gluten free diary free pretty much vegan diet. I have NEVER been over weight I don&#039;t have any pre-existing conditions or anything like that. It gave me acne, HORRIFIC mood swings. Bottom line, I&#039;ve been off of it, since 9/16. I had my period the month after, it skipped 3 months and now I have a period that I&#039;ve been bleeding w/ huge blood clots for 3 weeks. You have been warned."
"I had a hysterectomy in 1980 and have been on Premerin 1.25 mg for 33 yrs and have no problems at all. I love my Premarin. I hope I can keep getting Premarin because there have been times Drs. give you hard time and I need to keep taking it. I have terrible withdrawals. So I need it. I get awful headaches and pain. "
"Good long-term analgesia with the extended release formula, which seems to work for over 8 hours, though I don&#039;t think it has the full 12-hour benefit as advertised. Less &#039;fuzziness&#039; than oxycodone (or even hydrocodone), which is a positive for me. I suppose it&#039;s not so good for &quot;recreational&quot; users - the new ER formula is supposed to be highly abuse-proof - but for those is REAL chronic pain, Opana-ER works well, similar to Oxycontin, and is very easy to use - one dose in the morning, another in the evening."
"I&#039;m 65, have suffered from Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation my entire adult life.  Have taken 145 mcg dose of Linzess off and on since the middle of August 2013.  The longest stretch I have taken it for is 12 days.  I was also taking Align, but discontinued it during the 12-day Linzess experiment so I could evaluate the Linzess objectively, and got horrible trapped gas and splenic flexure syndrome for my troubles.  I resumed the Align, which has been a blessing, and now do Linzess every second or third day.  The Linzess is a very effective laxative, although it will give you at least one or two bouts of diarrhea every time.  But without the Align it seems to aggravate the abdominal pain and bloating, NOT alleviate it.  Align is more effective for gut pain."
"Can&#039;t say I love it but I kind of like it. First the BAD: my first month taking this was the absolute worst. I was beyond exhausted everyday and felt like I could fall asleep at any given moment (thankfully this has subsided). Also I noticed that I have blemishes that show up on my neck and jawline randomly once in a while ever since taking this. They&#039;re not terrible but I&#039;ve never had this before. Finally, taking the pill at the same time everyday can be torture.    
Now the GOOD: I have not had a period or any PMS symptoms since taking this. I also have read that certain birth controls can alter hair and weight for some women but mine stayed the same while on this."
"This is the third medicine I&#039;ve tried.  You rub it into your thigh or arm area (I couldn&#039;t do arms because I have tattoos and was told not to because of that.).  It takes awhile to dry and is sticky.  I was paranoid one of my dogs would get it on their skin, as they are always on my lap.  One a scale of 1 to 10 if 10 is perfect, I would give this a 4. It worked a little, enough to notice, but not enough to be happy.  I did not like applying it at all.
I am now on Santura and love it.  See my review of that medicine.  Good luck!"
"To early to tell."
"On week 6 of Trintellix 10 mg and it is finally starting to work. My depression was severe and it is finally starting to subside. This medication for me was very slow acting but had little to no side effects. It also hasn&#039;t done much for my anxiety issues but I&#039;m not sure its suppose too. Will probably give it 2 more weeks and then request an increase to 20 mg. With a coupon of course. Super expensive without one."
"Ok, I&#039;m giving a 10 for the experience and not the effectiveness because I just had it put in this morning, first time user. You MUST relax! Yes you will feel a cramp and a pinch, but it&#039;s not too much worse than getting scraped when you get a Pap smear or a body piercing. It&#039;s literally over in seconds. Keep repeating &quot;it&#039;s only temporary&quot; like I did, breathe, do not tense or clench anything, you will be fine! Once the lidocaine is applied, you don&#039;t feel the IUD going in. Take a Dramamine if you don&#039;t have xanax to help ease your nerves and Motrin. If you can, time your appointment on first or second day of period. You got this! It&#039;ll be over before you know it."
"I am 21 years old and have 1 baby boy. I have had my Mirena for about a year now. Insertion did hurt, like someone was pinching me. Since I have had the Mirena I have not had a single spot of blood. That is what I love about the Mirena. Unfortunately, it has made me feel nauseous practically everyday, my anxiety has gotten terrible. I have anxiety attacks over pretty much anything. My hair falls out worse then it ever has before. My acne has started up. I feel bloated a lot of the time. I am depressed. I got stabbing pains where it&#039;s out quite often. It hurts very bad. I get constant headaches everyday. I plan on getting it removed in the near future. "
"Pros: insert once a month &amp; forget about it
Cons: little to no sex drive, anxiety, mood swings, anger, depression, dryness, burning during and after sex, bloating, slight weight gain near stomach.. 
I&#039;ve been on and off of Nuvaring since 2011. And it wasn&#039;t till this last time that I realized that it is what&#039;s causing or atleast helping all of these negative things. I&#039;ve now been on it for 10 months straight and I am taking it out tonight and saying good riddance. I love the idea of Nuvaring but the side effects made my life/ my boyfriend :/ just a little bit more miserable than it needs to be. But I also know it really does work for some people, just not for me!"
"This is my 4th month taking levora, as far as my period goes it has done WONDERS. My period used to come and go as it pleased sometimes staying with me 2 full weeks out of every month, alone with raging mood swings, and severe cramps.  The first two months were horrible my body hasnt taken BC in 5 years so my stomach always felt light cramping and I did have spotting and my emotions were everywhere the third month my cramps only came the first day of my period but the best was I only bleed for 4 days and the light for 2 and I can count on my period not coming 2 weeks! but I still want to find another brand because I now suffer from extreme depression at night, which was never a problem before I took this medication."
"Taken the pill for 4 months now, after having no period for 6 months. Since I started the pill I have had two periods each pack, despite taking the pills like clockwork. I&#039;ve also developed sore breasts and super painful cyst - like acne all the time. No weight gain, nausea, or blood pressure issues though. Not going to take this anymore!"
"I have had toenail fungus for over 10 yrs. I have tried every over the counter medication and expensive drops. I had used Vinegar and Listerine, Vicks vapor rub and even two doses of the pin point laser, without any dramatic changes. I was getting so fed up. The laser doc, decided to give me a 3 month dosage of terbinafine. I am on my last week, and my toe nails have DRAMATICALLY gotten better. I just stare at them all of the time because I can&#039;t believe it.  In another two or three weeks they will be perfect. I have not had any side effects from the medication, although I will be having a liver check in a couple of weeks."
"I used this cream for the first time and within minutes started feeling multiple side effects listed on the sheet--throat tightening, short of breath, confusion, thirst.
I quickly washed it off and took an allergy pill.
Have tried 3 medications for my breast rash that the doctor provided and I&#039;ve had reactions to all."
"I&#039;ve had severe GAD and social phobia with light panic attacks on a daily basis for several years so much so that I could not function at work (I work in the mortgage industry - sales related) and the anxiety would KILL the deal because client&#039;s would interpret the anxiety as not being confident in the product.  

Generally also had trouble looking people in the eye, not being able to think straight, stuttering, difficulty making decisions. 

Psych put me on Xanax, but too sedating and a bit harsh &amp; didn&#039;t last very long, was put on Celexa (but this just made me not care about anything and had no emotions, caused mania etc.  Clonazepam didn&#039;t quite do it.. Started Valium 3 weeks ago a and wow all previous symptoms gone and feel normal!"
"I tried xulane, pros helps with acne &amp; you only have to worry about it once a week.

Cons, extreme breast pain, rash and/ or bruising where i removed the patch."
"I got nexplanon at planned parenthood for free a little over 2 years ago. It really didn&#039;t hurt very much to get it inserted, although my arm was a little sore the rest of the day and maybe the next. Insertion was overall no big deal. I honestly can&#039;t remember what my periods were like when I first got it, but after 2-4 months I didn&#039;t have a period at all. I loved not having a period, but it may not be for everyone. I didn&#039;t have a period up until 3 months or so ago and they&#039;ve been awful. I will have my period for 10-15 days, then get it again a week later. I&#039;m switching to something else tomorrow when I see my doctor. I have noticed more acne than usual for me, but nothing extreme.  Weight gain has been minimal if at all."
"I&#039;m taking Pristiq for the second time, I have experienced episodes of depression since 14 or 15 but always managed to come out eventually by my own means. When I was 28 I took Pristiq for the first time because I had a lot of anxiety and was depressed. My side effects were some mild headaches, feeling sleepy during the day, waking up during night. Now I&#039;m 31 and was feeling very angry, anxious and depressed because a &quot;professional failure&quot;. I&#039;m on day 3 taking 50mg in the morning and my mood and anxiety are better already but feel sleepy during the day and wake up in the middle of the night feeling ready to go for a full day. "
"So, I have been taking Ortho-Tri-Cyclen for 3 years. I gave it a 5 beacuse I&#039;m not pregnant but other than that I have noting good to say about it. After taking it for about 6 months I had severe chest pain, a headache almost everyday, almost zero sex drive and the worst acne I have ever had in my life. Oh and I gained 30 lbs in the first 4 months. After the first year of taking it all these symptoms became &quot;normal&quot;. But the thing that made my Doctor switch me to Apri was that I had spotting  everyday for 15 days before my period for the last 4 months of taking it. I am getting ready to start the new medication next month. I just hope I do not have the same side effects."
"I have been taking Venlafaxine for 4 months. It does the job, but its effects have diminished. I am now on 300mg. It sometimes gives me a mild headache. Also, its effects are so deep, that it tends to turn me into another person.

I cannot understand why my doctors want me to experiment with this type of relatively new medicines which have a list of secondary effects long like the Wall of China. 

"
"I had been on so many different types of pills and creams, from over the counter to prescription before my dermatologist recommended spironolactone. I have only been on it for about 3 months, but am already seeing results in my skin&#039;s appearance.  I definitely recommend this to anyone still looking for something that can cure their acne.  I have been suffering for about 15 years and just now I am starting to feel comfortable in my own skin. I can&#039;t wait to see it&#039;s full effects!"
"Works great when used in triple antibiotic ointment for wound care."
"I haven&#039;t had a single headache in the last three weeks on my current dose of topiramate (50mg in the morning, 25 at night). The only side effects I have experienced are a decreased appetite and a tingling sensation in my hands which is only mildly annoying at worst. 
Also found that I became extremely drowsy when drinking alcohol with this medicine. 
Previously tried pizotifen 1.5mg which had no effect on the headaches and caused 15kg weight gain."
"This medicine pushed me into psychosis and extreme mania. I would run upwards of 6 miles a night and still have energy. With all that running I still managed to gain 25lbs. I would barely sleep 3 hours a night. I eventually wrecked my car and was hospitalized, doctors told me I additionally had akathisia and medicine induced psychosis. Once I came off this drug I felt a total difference in my mood. I&#039;m now on Prozac and Buspar and while I still have depression I can manage most days. No more manic or psychotic episodes."
"Everyone&#039;s different and some folks won&#039;t need the 20 mg a day. This medicine makes you feel like you never had an issue with cravings. They are gone, 100%,. After a while you forget what it was to have cravings and you may think the medicine isn&#039;t really doing anything, but try skipping it for a day or two and it will all come back to you! I still want to eat, just not bad stuff or big portions. I get hungry, but never so much so that I can&#039;t make good choices. That&#039;s the beauty of it. I think it will have to be made available for maintenance, maybe a lower dose, not sure. I wish more doctors knew about it. So many people are missing out on something that could really help them."
"Augmentin helped my bronchitis, but quickly gave me diarrhea, then by the 5th day it gave me genital dermatitis! May work for some without such severe side-effects. "
"I have been on saxenda for 4 weeks now and have lost 8 pounds!"
"Wow. Pristiq is AMAZING. I&#039;ve had severe depression since I was 13/14 and have been on everything under the sun. Nothing has worked as well as Pristiq. The only side effects I have noticed are:

1) Increased happiness
2) Easier to organize thoughts
3) Increased motivation
4) Decreased appetite
5) Lows aren&#039;t as low 
6) Less irritable 

I&#039;m currently looking for something to pair with Pristiq to get my ADHD in check. Hopefully I can find something!"
"My 5 yr old woke up with fever and lethargic called doc had her in by 8am. She tested positive for flu so they gave her tamiflu, antibiotics. Poor baby would puke for 10 min twice a day. Imagine this twice a day for a week. I called the doc they say don&#039;t discontinue. Said nothing of nausea. I have 2 teenagers and been through flu several times and never seen anything like it. Never again. False sense of feeling better then you are on the floor puking till your eyes are blood shot glossed over. So sad. I won&#039;t do the next box."
"I love it!  It cured all of my stomach ulcers in 3 months!"
"I was getting shaky hands, shaky voice, etc before and during presentations/high stress events. Even when I had solid material and was well rehearsed, it was like this physical symptom just kicked in and I couldn&#039;t control it. And it happened EVERY TIME. It was getting bad, to the point my boss even said something to me about it. When I discussed these anxiety symptoms with Doctor, she prescribed me 20mg and said to take 1/2 tablet to 1 tablet about an hour before event, as needed. Worked very well for me, this is what I needed. I haven&#039;t experienced any anxiety symptoms so I can focus on my material."
"I was diagnosed with insomnia after I underwent extensive chemotherapy and was put on every other sleep aid known (Ambien, Lunesta, Edular, Intermezzo, etc.). After having a horrible side effect from Ambien which sent me to the hospital for numerous days, I was given Trazodone 25mg a night to take. I have the best results from it.  When I need it, it responds great with no problems the following morning."
"I am so devestated. I have two year old twins and don&#039;t want anymore kids. I took the morning after pill 21 hours after unprotected sex and now, 14 days later, have a positive pregnancy test. I know I wasn&#039;t already pregnant and didn&#039;t have sex within those proceeding two weeks so I could t have gotten pregnant a few days after either. Going to planned parenthood this week. I hate that this is my reality I want to wake up and this not be real"
"As a pregnant, working mom of a toddler, this medicine is my enemy.  I would rather feel the nausea than feel like I can&#039;t lift my head off of the pillow.  I have taken just one before bed a few nights in the last week and each time I do, I feel like I have the worst hangover the next day.  I can&#039;t function.  I don&#039;t recommend to anyone unless they have their entire pregnancy to hibernate."
"I started taking this medication a month ago. My doctor had been prescribing me Xanax for 10 years and felt this was the cure for my anxiety. I experienced worsening anxiety and panic attacks. I felt really irritable and still do. By the 5th week I was beginning to feel hopeless and not wanting to get out of bed. I&#039;m always tired, and I have gained 10 lbs in 5 weeks. I&#039;m supposed to take it for another month and if it still doesn&#039;t help then I get to taper off. I accidentally missed a dose and felt miserable. I had no energy, and felt like electric shocks were popping my brain cells. I still have anxiety and feel like this medication gave me depression."
"I was on GildessFE 24 (my first BC) and it was amazing! Sadly like all good things it didn&#039;t last, and pharmacy switched me to a BlisoviFE 1/20. This pill had 7 inactive while GlidessFE only had 4 inactive, I called my doc right away because I was concerned of the pill difference and she stated usually the 7 inactive pills means you&#039;ll have a longer period which was a big red flag to me. The 1st Monday of this pill during my cycle I felt weak + tingling senstation in my legs &amp; before I knew it I PASSED out at my job. My doc stated it couldn&#039;t be the BC but I know FOR SURE it was because I was bleeding a lot more than normal. I&#039;m switching to a diff BC after 5 months of nausea+long period. BC are always hits and misses, and this definitely was a miss."
"After a course of antibiotics, I had some slight discharge for a week, no itching or burning, but I thought I should go ahead and use a Monistat. I popped it in at 9:30 and went to bed. At 1:30am I was RIPPED from my sleep by the most horrible itching. There is no way I&#039;m going back to sleep tonight. Thank goodness I don&#039;t have to work tomorrow, there is no way I could function normally. I will just lay here till I deem it a reasonable hour to take a shower and hopefully get some relief."
"Lexapro pretty much saved my life at one point. I&rsquo;ve had anxiety/depression all my life but a few years ago I was at a low point. I wasn&rsquo;t getting out of bed and felt like I had no reason to even get up in the morning. One day I decided it was time to live again and I saw a psychiatrist. He prescribed me 10mg of lexapro which I was advised to take half of for the 1st two weeks. As most people have mentioned, the 1st few weeks are for SURE not a good time. If you were already dealing with bad depression, I would advise that you stay close to good people for the 1st couple of weeks. I promise you though, it gets better if you wait it out. MAJOR sexual side effects (as in NO sex drive whatsoever) but if you have bad anxiety, it&rsquo;s worth it."
"I took Latuda 20mg for 2 weeks. Was taking Abilify and had gained 8 pounds. Thought Latuda would help me lose weight but made me ravenous and gained 3 lbs in 4 days.  Went back on Abilify."
"I&#039;ve been on Beyaz for about a year now and I love it! I had some acne before (not much really) but it&#039;s completely gone, I never break out now. I never have cramps, my breasts got bigger, and when I went on it I was trying to lose weight and had no problems (lost 15 lbs immediately after and got bigger breasts). I would recommend Beyaz to anyone."
"I&#039;ve been on terbinafine for 3 months. I had toe nail fungus for about 5 years before it started to get worse and I finally realized what it was. After 3 months, the fungus is basically non-existent. I still have a little bit (my toenail was extremely thick and impossible to cut without scissors) I got another prescription for a month and I can see it gone completely by then. I have not experienced any of the side effects that were listed. I would recommend this!"
"Novolog pen does not glide well when giving yourself a shot. The medication worked well for me with minimal side affects. I have been on it for 2 yrs, but my coupon has expired &amp; I cannot afford it now."
"This medication  was used to help prevent  a stroke but it actually  caused me to have a stroke. I wouldn&#039;t  advise anyone to take this medication.  Someone else I knew  had several strokes before  the dr figured  out it was the aggrenox. I was on it 8 months before  having my stroke."
"Works! Tried zyban prior to this but didn&#039;t find it effective. I picked a quit date as the medication recommended and gradually reduced smoking over 10 days while on champix. On my quit date I stopped completely and haven&#039;t had one since! Cravings still come and go but certainly not compared to a cold turkey craving. Just have to fill that spare time with something to take your mind off. The one thing about this medication is that after ingesting it, I feel quite sick after. It lasts for 10 mins or so then I&#039;m fine. It&#039;s best to eat after food and with lots of water!"
"Been on the depo injection since January 2015, had bleeding but it stopped after a while. When I had another injection in June, I didn&#039;t bleed for about a month. Started spotting mid-July and since approx. August 1st, I have been bleeding constantly, heavy enough to use pads and now it&#039;s almost November! I&#039;m sick of bleeding and forking out money for sanitary pads when I shouldn&#039;t be bleeding-well not as long as I have been now! Currently awaiting an ultrasound to see what is happening. I would like to change my contraceptive but my doctor won&#039;t let me :("
"Do not take this! It made me very sick vomiting and now diarrhea for days."
"I was prescribed Skelaxin after being diagnosed with advanced DDD and stenosis.  It doesn&#039;t help with the pain and I get the same drowsy effects that I had with Flexerill."
"Aplenzin unfortunately did not work for me.  I have panic disorder which then sent me into a horrible state of depression.  My psychiatrist first prescribed me Wellbutrin SR which I was taking twice a day.  After about 3 months I started having moments where I was actually happy to be alive.  At my next appointment, my psychiatrist asked if I would be intereseted in trying Aplenzin because it only needs to be taken once a day.  I started off on 348 mg for three months.  This was not working so he switched me to 522 mg.  Two months later it is still not working.  I spoke to my pharmacist who told me that I have been patient enough and if it is going to work  it would have done so by now."
"Uloric been awesome for me since it came out in Feb, 2009. Started with 40 mg and had small attacks like every two months or so. Went to 80 mg and have had no attacks. I did run a gout fever cold/sweat/shakes which my Dr. Gave me a shot for. I might have a light rash on my lower leg from Uloric but it&#039;s well worth it, I can bowl in league and no worries of attack popping up next day."
"This was prescribed for my son who has Cerebral Palsy and is confined to a wheelchair. He became swollen in his legs ankles and feet. Took for 48 hours and discontinued as the swelling progressed. Rushed to MD, had to take a different medicine (Macrobid). Thankfully the swelling subsided in a few days. I have read many horror stories about the side effects of this medicine - some permanent! I do not recommend. 
Please keep in mind that a urine sample should always be cultured, not just tested with a dipstick as the treatment really depends on the type of bacteria that&#039;s causing the uti."
"I am finishing up my 4th pack of this pill and I am seriously considering switching pills. The first two months weren&#039;t too bad, I had mild side effects but they were manageable. It wasn&#039;t until the third month that I started getting constant nausea like all day everyday and even worse at night, headaches, sore boobs, frequent urination and absolutely no sex drive. The only good thing is my period is like clockwork and I&#039;m for sure not pregnant but the side effects make me feel like I am!!!"
"I&#039;m moving away from Nexium to Zantac to combat my GERD and acid reflux. So far, one month taking, I have not had any reflux or heartburn. I&#039;m in the process of modifying my diet to reduce stomach acids as well. I am apprehensive about Nexium side effects over long term use that&#039;s why I&#039;m using Zantac 300 at bedtime."
"I have anxiety and slight depression due to stress.  This is my first week on Lexapro and I was given 10mg which I  couldn&#039;t take as it made me very out of sorts, dizzy, stomach issues. So cut it down to 5mg symptoms are still there with the &quot;out of it&quot; feeling dazed and my body feels kinda tingly/numb and I have a headache which I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s Lexapro related or allergy related. Also makes me jittery. I&#039;m really sleepy too and I take it at night.  Not sure I&#039;m going to keep taking it. I don&#039;t like this out of it feeling.  But I am calmer and not so quick to yell at my kids."
"Took metformin and victoza for about 2 years I lost a lot of weight with it and sugar levels were low. But I only have one kidney. I now have chronic kidney disease because of these medications. I also have a bundle problem with my heart from using victoza.  I was dehydrated all the time with victoza no matter how much water I drank"
"With Treximet I found relief was within an hour and if I had a bad migraine and took a second one after one hour it was gone.  In the past, my severe Migraines could last on and off for 3-5 days at its worst.  Side effect is heartburn.  I want to thank my Pharmacist for telling me about the drug. I had to ask my doctor about it and then she gave me a sample.  I only wish the pill wasn&#039;t so big."
"I have used Prevacid before and it does work well"
"Did not work for me - no sedation or drowsiness. No side effects experienced.  Dosage 1000mg, Male, Weight 190 lbs (86 kg)."
"Worked for a month then now symptons returning.  I have also suffered from a lack of appetite and have put weight on although no-one else has mentioned this."
"I have a had the Implanon since July 2015 and although I LOVE not having periods, I have gained some weight. I&#039;m not sure if the implant has a huge impact on my weight, I started working out so if I see more gain then lost I plan to remove it. My eating habit is smaller which is good (I eat very small portions now) thanks to the implant. I also lost some of my sex drive and I hope working out helps bring it back. My boyfriend loves it but dislikes the lack of sex drive."
"Gives me more energy and less pain."
"I&#039;ve been on lexapro for five days now and I&#039;ve never felt more anxious in my life, I haven&#039;t been eating and when I do eat nothing stays in my stomach long, my sleeping has been a nightmare, maybe 5 hours a night if I&#039;m lucky, and I&#039;m shaky all through the night and partially through the day, I feel like I&#039;m going crazy but I keep reading reviews that side effects are awful then subside and the medication is great, I&#039;m just really feeling like I&#039;m losing it here"
"I have been taking birth control pills for many years and Orth Tri-Cyclen Lo has been very tolerable with no side-effects besides one: PREGNANCY. I thought it was better than all the others I&#039;ve tried since it didn&#039;t give me headaches or nausea, but I&#039;d take headaches and nausea any day over this. I took this pill exactly as directed, at the same time every morning, never missing a single pill. I avoided foods and medication that could possible interfere with the pill&#039;s effectiveness. After a year of being on Ortho Tri-Cylcen Lo and having periods you could set your watch to, I noticed I was a day late. Unfortunately, I have become part of that very small percentage of women that becomes pregnant while taking hormonal contraception."
"Day 2 of Lexapro. Only side effect is strong yawning. Used to be on Paxil 2 years ago and had extreme side effects (soft stools, night sweats, vivid dreams). Was doing okay controlling my anxiety for the last 2 years until I recently have been under excessive stress causing anxiety and fear of death.  I am hoping Lexapro will work well. My husband and I were planning on getting pregnant soon, so I&#039;m not sure if I will have to come off Lexapro or not."
"I am  on day 10 of Pristiq for severe anxiety from PTSD. I have been on Lexapro off and on for 10 years which works wonderful for anxiety but caused me to gain 30 pounds and made me feel so tired. After adding Wellbutrin to the Lexapro with no success we tried Effexor XR. It made my heart race.  After 3 days on Pristiq I felt wonderful but by day 9 was experiencing severe panic again which could be due to the switch from Lexapro to Pristiq without weaning off the Lexapro.  My doctor wants me to stick with it for a month so I&#039;m taking 1 mg of Klonipin 2x a day to try and keep from having panic.  My appetite has decreased but I love it.  Lexapro made me want to eat everything in sight. I just hope this works."
"Today I started my prep at 4pm as instructed. I then drank a container of broth 32 ounces, ginger ale, and water.  Way more than the &amp; cups I was prescribed. All this caused was nausea and stomach cramps.  Not one BM.  Second dose at 8pm.  Already up to 40 ounces of fluids. I feel bloated. Nothing else.  I haven&#039;t eaten in 24 hours.   Thankfully it was a sample."
"Do not used this.  I was switched over by CVS off of Mononessa and it has been the worst thing for me EVER. I have been on Estarylla for about 4 months and I have gained about 20 pounds (keep in mind I run at least 10 miles a week along with weight training 5-6 times a week) so this weight gain is absurd. Along with the weight gain I spot for a week before my period, then my period lasts me a week. With Mononessa I would only have my period with no side effects for 5 days. Now here I am on Estarylla and I have become an emotional wreck and cry without any reasoning. Two weeks before my period I become so nauseous I cannot get out of bed. The bloating is absurd as well. Basically if you want to feel like crap then go ahead and take this."
"I am in the 9th month of taking this medication, and I don&#039;t have anything bad to say about it at this point. It has definitely done its job as keeping me from getting pregnant. My acne was also bad around my nose and chin before I started Previfem, but my skin is very clear and my period cramps aren&#039;t nearly as bad as they were before. They are also lighter. The only bad thing about this pill was that it made me very moody in the beginning."
"For me, Contrave was my last chance before surgery. I started out a 300lbs, and yesterday I weighed in at 249! The first month the nausea was awful. I was almost ready to give up when I found someone that suggested Dramamine. I take one Dramamine every morning and the full 4 pill dosage of Contrave with no more nausea.  Other side effects for me have been almost constant constipation and very light sleep. One thing I want to make very clear is that Contrave doesn&#039;t make you lose weight by itself. It gets your mind in a place where you can do it yourself. It puts you in control, instead of the cravings. I have lost 50lbs, and I thank Contrave, but I still worked my ass off to get here! "
"I started taking Daytrana a few days ago. It is mostly good but my only problem is my loss in appetite. For the past two days I&#039;ve really only eaten breakfast and that&#039;s when I just put the patch on. I have barely eaten anything besides little spoonfuls of soup and Mac and cheese."
"I dislike Lutera. I got a new doctor so this is her go to so I said alrighty. I&#039;ve been on it for over 6 months. My period never regulated with it. Some months I have 2 periods within 3 weeks, and I spot whenever. I gained a lot of weight, about 15lbs and my boobs gained cup size- doesn&#039;t sound bad but it&#039;s weird. I also have been very sad and just in a low mood. I&#039;m trying a new birth control this month and I cannot wait.
I didn&#039;t get pregnant though?"
"My doctor put me on Keppra to see if it will help with my problems of completing sentences and being at a loss of words. I haven&#039;t been on the medicine long, but the side effects are very apparent. I feel almost drunk sometimes I am nauseous and dizzy and have not noticed any change in my condition. I have to be very aware and on top of my game to do my job."
"My fear of public speaking has affected my professional life. I consciously and unconsciously avoid jobs that will put me in the spotlight.   When I do get trapped into public speaking it&#039;s been devastating. Underlying panic for weeks, months ahead of time. Ruins your life. Severe panic leading up to the events. And the actual events have not gone well and have been humiliating. As a professional it makes you feel very small. I want to hide under a rock and just cry. I still get a bit nervous leading up to the event. Practice sessions are still very bad and I&#039;m sure I&#039;ll bomb. But with the medicIne I&#039;m nervous but calm when the time comes. And I can speak like a human. And THINK while I&#039;m speaking if I need to. So glad I found this."
"It&#039;s great for preventing pregnancy, but the side effects were terrible. It made me very moody, gave me insomnia and mild depression. Those were the worst two months out of taking birth control."
"GREAT. Feel better than ever using this medicine and only side effect was some weight gain."
"My pharmacy switched me from Yaz to Gianvi a few months ago. I have since gained 18 lbs in that short amount of time. I&#039;m off of Gianvi now and noticed that my appetite decreased by half when I quit taking Gianvi. I also became more depressed with the medicine. I would just want to lay around all day. "
"I have been on beyaz for about 4 years and had been very happy with it--it controlled my mild acne which is one of the main reasons for taking this birth control. About 5 months ago, my insurance started to send me rajani instead, and although I was upset about the change initially, I did not have a single pimple during the 3 months I was on it. My insurance somehow started covering beyaz again and started mailing it out to me. I&#039;m starting my second month on it again and I am noticing more occasional pimples (that I remember getting prior to rajani). I&#039;m considering asking my doctor to switching me to rajani for good."
"The first set of injections caused my cervical dystonia substantially worse and very painful for approximately a week. Then it seemed to help for about 3 weeks. The second set of injections (forehead, side of head, back of head, side of neck, back of neck, shoulders, spine) caused WAY worse symptoms for about 3 weeks &amp; relief off and on for a week. It&#039;s hard to tell whether it&#039;s the xeomin or the invasive injections. I&#039;m struggling with whether to attempt more injections. On a side note I was on high dose of zanaflex which did help the most..but, my liver enzymes shot through the roof and I was taken off completely after being on it for years. I was prescribed Baclofen. So far no relief."
"Last year I broke out in hives all over my body from an allergic reaction.  Had panic attacks and suffered from anxiety - tingling in head, crazy numbness and so on, all anxiety symptoms, made me feel like I was going crazy. Lexapro has been a miracle medicine for me. I&#039;ve been taking it for about 6 months.  I feel so much more calm and no more anxiety symptoms or panic attacks."
"wonderful product! doesn&#039;t dry my skin out and works fast. my skin looks great."
"After 7.5 years, this past Jan. I thought I would try viibryd. Went up on it, down on cymbalta. Had a moderate adjustment with ups and downs. It was not as effacacious so titrated down viibryd and up on cymbalta. Got deeply depressed in between and on one moderate day; tried wellbutrin. I  titrated slowly up and this was death warmed over! Titrated back from hell to 60 cymbalta. I am just back to normal. Long story short: if it&#039;s not broken don&#039;t fix it. Cymbalta still is the best. Some weight gain but some exercise can help it a bit.."
"Took first dosage at 6:15pm - NOTHING happened but cramps!!! It&#039;s 2:54am and I finished my second dosage and STILL nothing is happening.  I&#039;m beyond bloated!   Procedure is at 7am.  !!!"
"Walgreens switched the brand and the ones from Actavis Inc are worthless. They don&#039;t work because they don&#039;t stay on long enough to work. Don&#039;t waste your money"
"Hi everyone!!

I am a 33 y/o wife and mother of 4 beautiful children ages 11, 9, 7, and 3.  My last baby was born via c-section.  After my first 2 children, I was able to bounce back quickly.  After my 3rd child, it was difficult to get the weight off and after my 4th, it seems impossible!  I&#039;m a stress eater most definitely.  I scheduled a visit with my doctor and expressed to her how awful I felt by not being able to lose weight.  She informed me that my BMI is 36 and it&#039;s supposed to be 25!  I weighed in at 219lbs and I&#039;m 5&#039;5 and 1/2!  I started taking the generic form of Adipex at 37.5mg on 07/19/2016.  I weighed in this morning 07/22/2016 and I&#039;m 216lbs!  I&#039;ve already lost 3lbs in 4 days!  More updates to come!"
"The first time I took this..it worked within 5 minutes. I continued to take as directed for the next month. Absolutely nothing. Other than severe cramps, sweating, flushed, sick. I have been on and off of this for over 6 months. It has only worked 1 more time in 6 months."
"Hello all. I just want to say I am so grateful for this page! I am up at 330am with my 4th 4plus days long panic and anxiety attack in as many months. I tried the zoloft bc I had great success with it when I had post partum.  I am extremely leary of medications because of a bad drug reaction that I had to some meds. So when I started the zoloft again and got a headache which triggered a panic attack. I stopped. I went too much too fast. And now after seeing so many great reviews.  I&#039;m gonna give it a try again. And hope I can come back and give this a 10!! You guys know my pain. So thank you so much!!!!!"
"Horrible mood swings since starting the pill. Emotionally numb, headaches, constant anxiety, nonexistent sex drive. I was switched to this pill by my doc because I had breakthrough bleeding on my other pill."
"It&#039;s been working wonderful for me the past 2 years."
"Have been taking kadian for two months and it has taken my lower back pain from an 8 on pain scale to a 2. Wonderful not having to take four to six vicodin but one capsule of kadian a day."
"I got Nexplanon put in a month &amp; a half ago. I have really mixed feelings towards if. My skin cleared up, my leg hair grew in slower, my boobs grew in size. I was thrilled. But then my period came, I was on it for 3 weeks. After that my hair became oily. Since then nothing has changed so I&#039;m loving it. More positives then negatives for me."
"Felt only side effects. Extremely tired, erectile dysfunction, dry mouth, headache, dizziness, cold sweats."
"I am 45 yrs old and started Contrave in November 2016.  I have lost 25lbs, which has been a wonderful and slow weight loss, but in the past month I have been experiencing severe heart flutters and dizzy spells.  I had an EKG during one of these spells and it came back abnormal, so now I am seeing a cardiologist.  Nothing else has changed in my life, and my PCP and Cardiologist are aware that I am on Contrave and have not suggested I stop the drug.  I have been to the ER once for an episode, and all labs came back great, I had another large episode last night, so I am going to stop the Contrave for two weeks, until I have to follow up with my cardiologist again to see if this makes a difference."
"I don&#039;t usually post reviews but thought I would share my basically good experience. Taking 300mg every 6 hrs for maxillary tooth (molar) and sinus pain - doctor and dentist were not sure if sinus infection or periapical (an acute or chronic inflammatory lesion around the apex of a tooth root which is caused by bacterial invasion of the pulp of the tooth) abscess. (Clogged sinus, pain in face and upper jaw, fatigue, squinty eyes, foul tasting drainage)  In two days pain was virtually gone. Very few side effects - BUT - be absolutely sure to drink lots of water (at least 8oz) and don&#039;t lie down for 15 minutes. Now on Day 7 or 8. My stomach is a little bloated more than usual, but bearable. Fairly normal bowel movements once a day. I should also mention: 1) Wake up with bitter taste in mouth - but it goes a way - not a lingering taste. 2) Pharmacist warned of sun sensitivity - I have not experienced that yet, but being cautious. Now started taking Sacchromyces boulardi 5-10 billion units - recommended as a probiotic for Clindamycin in particular against C Diff."
"I take Mentanx for diabetic neuropathy and it has been wonderful for the pain and the feeling like my feet are in fire. It didn&#039;t help with the deep itching in my foot. My Doctor ended up giving me Lyrica for that."
"I have been on tri-sprintec for 3  years now. It has been amazing for me. I have tried a lot of different ones to find which kind was best for me. It&#039;s good to talk to your doctor and try different ones because not every type of birth control will work. Not every woman will have the same experience. I took this to make my periods lighter and shorter. I lost weight compared to other ones like nuva ring. It has prevented pregnancy. I already deal with depression but for me this hasn&#039;t made it worse or better. I take my pill exactly the same time everyday. This pill has worked really well for me."
"I love My lo loestrin fe  1 year  i use is 100 % plus A"
"After several years of diverticulitis and some very severe attacks including bleeding, I gave in and medicated with Flagyl. I only took 200mg twice a day and my symptoms disappeared, relatively no side effects other than dry mouth. I was vigilant with diet and NO ALCOHOL!  Feel great but worry about re-occurrence."
"Not much happened the first few weeks of taking this drug, but the last few have been terrible.  I experienced severe apathy.  Too extreme to live with.  Is just increasingly got worse.  I stopped taking it and have started feeling better within 24 hours.  Very little weight loss."
"I have been taking generic Prozac 20 mg for 17 days now, 10mg for 10 days before that. I have been reading all of the comments and am starting to have hope! My anxiety has increased a lot since I started this, I take ativan when needed, which is every day! Other than the daily panic attacks I don&#039;t seem to have any side affects which is great! I&#039;ve been thinking that maybe this drug is not for me but after reading other people experiences I will ride it out and hope that everything works out after I&#039;m on it for 6-8 weeks. Hoping and praying it does cause I need my life back!"
"I got nexplanon inserted I&#039;m September 2015. Had no period until December, bleed for a month and a half. Spotted or bled lightly most of the time. Other than that haven&#039;t had any noticeable or complain worthy symptoms."
"I was put on Vicidin first for my chronic back pain, didn&#039;t work then the doctor said to try injections they worked for about a month. Then I got pain so bad I couldn&#039;t get out of bed 1/2 the time and my family doctor said he didn&#039;t want to give me anything stronger because of seizure medicines I was on. I tried everything for pain, then someone suggested pain management finally a doctor listened. He put me on the Fentanyl patch. I feel like I&#039;m 20 again. I can work, do things I couldn&#039;t do before with me kids and grandkids. This patch is a God send. I did experience heavy sweating and vomiting and dozing off till my body became adjusted. Now I still get the nodding off effect occasionally,  and itching where the patch is."
"I fell two stories off a roof last year and had a traumatic brain injury which left me with migraine headaches all the time. Topamax did not help at all &amp; I felt  more depressed. Use  with caution."
"I have had implanon exactly 2 yrs. I loved this birth control for the 1st yr and a half. I had absolutely no period or weight gain. It was an easy and effective birth control. However last August I started having my cycle again. The bleeding was the heaviest it&#039;s ever been, very clotty, and unexpected. Often I would have bleeding every other week.  The length of the period is long, and extremely heavy with cramping! My mood has drastically changed since restarted my cycle. I have depressed feelings and often don&#039;t feel like getting out of bed. After starting my cycle back, I experienced weight gain. Went to the Gyno yesterday and since starting back in August I&#039;ve gained 30 lbs. No change in my diet and I&#039;m only 21. I&#039;m getting this Birth Control out!"
"I took this for the first time tonight and I am supposed to take it again at 5 AM. This is horrible.
I threw up a small portion, and the box instructions were different from my prep instructions. I made the mistake of taking it by the instructions on the box.  Within minutes it worked but I had really cut back on anything but soft foods for a few days to make it easier. The problem besides the horrible taste is that I spiked in blood pressure and have terrible muscle cramping in my upper body.  I called the Dr. and he wasn&#039;t concerned, nothing was out of the range in his opinion. It is four hours later and my soreness hasn&#039;t left and I don&#039;t see sleep in the near future. I will never do this again."
"I was diagnosed in September 2016 with prostate cancer, and I have been on lupron ever since, in between I had 37 radiotherapy sessions.
I have to be on lupron 2 years, but I would love to end it now.  It has done o/k at lowering PSA but my QOL has suffered greatly, along with that of my dear wife. My mental health has taken a big hit with extreme depression and anxiety and bodily I have no strength and no ED.
It works great for some men without any side effects but for others like me they can be overwhelming.
Best wishes to all on this journey. kluff."
"Had a yeast infection for about 4 days when I decided to try Monistat one last time. I had used it in the past with the burning and itching but it was mild. Holy on fire vagina!!! It feels like I used a fire brand as a tampon! They have had to change the formula. I had level 3 endometriosis and a child through natural childbirth and this stuff is right up next to those pains. After 30 min I was on fire and in so much pain! Put the box down ladies call a clinic or go to your Dr and just get the yeast infection medicine - this stuff is not with it! If your like me and googling &quot;is this normal&quot; or &quot;will I die&quot; and you&#039;ve already inserted the little bead from hell, grab an ice pack and breath through it."
"This shot is horrible! I got 3 rounds of it and each time I would not bleed for a month, then be bleeding the rest of the two months until it was time to get the shot again. Well after my 3rd and final time getting it I&#039;m still bleeding going on 4 months later!!!! I don&#039;t recommend this shot for anyone!!!"
"So I wanna know if anybody else have symptoms of body aches and feeling loss of appetite after taking this antibiotic. I was diagnosed with trichomoniasis and was given four pills at the doctor. After a day I started having joint pain couldn&#039;t eat and I feel very fatigue my body hurts. I just want my normal self back the infection I think it&#039;s gone I don&#039;t see any abnormal discharge any more but this whole experience makes me not want to have sex ever again. I am traumatized. Please everybody out there reading this let&#039;s protect ourselves from getting infections like this it&#039;s not worth our health. I just hope this pain I&#039;m having go away it hurts so bad."
"Mirena was recommended to me to calm down increasingly &#039;flooding&#039; periods (more than a year of them) and ease me into menopause.  It was inserted early July 2015 - a bit crampy but bearable.  I bled almost every day (varying amounts, but more than a panty liner would take most days) until the end of September.  Even when flow was very light, I didn&#039;t trust it.  Sex life suffered due to the mess (but no issues with strings!) I was thrilled to finally have a bleeding free three weeks - but then a period - as heavy and flooding and long (or longer!) as the ones I was trying to get rid of!!  First visit post insertion is scheduled for Nov 10 and at this point I&#039;m very disappointed."
"I&#039;ve suffered severe depression for the last 20 years. I&#039;ve been on Zoloft, Paxil, Prozac, Wellbutrin, Effexor, Celexa, Cymbalta and Lexapro. My neurologist prescribed Pristiq 2 months ago. I recently told her at my follow-up visit, &quot;For the first time in 20 years, life doesn&#039;t suck.&quot; I wake up in the morning well-rested. My mind is clear. When I go to bed at night, I&#039;m actually tired (no more insomnia!) and I sleep really well. I used to be a stress eater; now I only eat when it&#039;s meal time and have less of an appetite. The only negative side effect for me has been constipation, but it&#039;s manageable. I had pretty much given up any kind of hope that feeling better was possible. I&#039;m glad I was wrong!"
"-I vomiting after alcoholic drinks.
-Overall  fatigue.
-My joints are more sensitive"
"Much better for my Rosacea than the Metrogels."
"This medication gave me pancreatitis!!! As an alternative I was prescribed  Tinidazole. After being hosptalize for a week I&#039;m afraid to take anything. Doctors claim they don&#039;t know what else to give me to treat Trichomoniasis.. This is the worst experience of my life and I don&#039;t know what&#039;s next."
"So I first got the nexplanon in July of 2014, for the first 5 months I was fine, I didn&#039;t get my period and if I did it was random spotting (very light) but around January I noticed I was very emotional EVERYTHING made me cry. Then my period started coming twice a month with horrific cramps. Or I would spot for 2-3 weeks have a week where I thought It was over and started spotting again. I&#039;ve now had it for 13 months and it does the job because I havent gotten pregnant. But that&#039;s only because I haven&#039;t been able to have sex cause I don&#039;t know when my period is going to come"
"I have had many years with pain. A combination of 3 drugs is a God send. I take 50 mg Oxycontin twice a day, 500 mg of Ketoprofen twice a day and 100 mg Tramadol twice a day. This rather strange combination has worked for me for 10 years without any problems or without having to increase the medication."
"I have only had one infusion of entyvio.
12 hours after the infusion the pain started. 
Severe colic like pain. Shaking and trembling.
Huge swollen legs and feet which diuretics won&#039;t help.
Very unsteady on my feet loss of balance and joint pain.
They told me there was practically no side effects of this drug.
I have been deceived."
"When I first became sexually active, I started a one month at a time pack, (I don&#039;t remember which one) but after a few months, I couldn&#039;t take the nausea anymore. I went to the doctor and was prescribed Jolessa. I&#039;ve now been on Jolessa for about a year now and I absolutely love it. I have no side effects, except for the first week after the &quot;sugar pills.&quot; I get nausea shortly during this time, but it&#039;s nothing compared to before. My period is easy and comes and goes on the same two days every three months! "
"I was prescribed Accutane when I was 17 years old for the first time. In the beginning of the treatment it got worse but after that it just got better and better and better. I am on another 4 month course. I am currently on my 6th week and my skin has just gotten bad breakouts but I know it will all clear up. Accutane is the best thing anyone can ever do for themselves. It does have its side effects but so does everything in life. For the dryness I use Blistex medicated lip ointment and Clinique moisturizer. Stick it out. It is all worth it at the end of the day. I love Accutane."
"I have Ankylosing Spondylitis and have been on 3 or 4 pain relievers since 2008. I am now on 10mg IR x 3 daily and 30mg ER x 3 daily. I am getting very little relief; however, I have read many reviews where people taking Opana praise the medication. On the pain scale level, I am generally at 7-8 w/o the medicine and 5 or 6 with the Opana. I guess I need to talk to my provider and see if there are some different options..."
"I am a 43 yo mom of 2 (3 if you count my husband). I can&#039;t stress enough how much Vyvanse has completely changed my life. I was diagnosed with ADD after my oldest received her diagnosis about 10 yrs ago. I&#039;ve tried Adderall, Concerta, &amp; the like and even on high doses, NEVER experienced the clarity &amp; energy I&#039;ve gotten on just 20mg of Vyvanse. I&#039;ve just started taking it 2 weeks ago &amp; wish I had discovered this medicine years ago! The only issue is that this week I titrated up to 30mg and have noticed some irritability, so I think I&#039;ll go back to the lower dose.  Love, love, LOVE my new lease on life thanks to Vyvanse!"
"I am 53 years old.  I have had serious problems with the constipation due to irritable bowel syndrome, for years.  I was only able to take Zelnorm for two months before it was removed from the market, but they were the best two months of my later adult years.  No pain, easy bowel movements, loss of doughy feeling in my abdomen, less tired, and more symptoms were gone with Zelnorm.  If you can&#039;t bring it back, please find an alternative that works as well.  PLEASE!"
"Kybella has effectively eliminated the appearance of my double chin. "
"Very Effective if taken approx. 1 hour before sex."
"This is one of 2  antihistamines that works for me. This is the one that does not make me sleepy."
"I took this medicine for about 9 months for perimenopausal symptoms and birth control since I am still fertile in late 40s.  This took about 3 months to acclimate to.... Had the mood swings and nausea and headaches in the first couple of months. Then it worked quite well and actually improved my sleep which wasn&#039;t doing so well pre birth control.  However the biggest factor making me discontinue use of this drug was a big raise in my blood pressure!  I am a non smoker and a bit overweight but have always had very low blood pressure.  After 8-9 months on this my blood pressure was high. I&#039;ve been off this a few weeks and top reading on my blood pressure has dropped into 140s from the 160s I was peaking at. Still, I&#039;ve always had 110 or so before taking Loestrin 24."
"I&#039;m a 47 year old mother of 4.  I&#039;ve been on Qsymia 3.75 for 3 weeks then 7.5 for one week now.  I&#039;ve lost 10 pounds. I also have mitral valve heart disorder.  The only side effects I&#039;ve had is dry mouth, heartburn from time-to-time, and that funny feeling I get when I take an antihistamine.  It gives me a ton of energy to get things done.  I&#039;m a Coke addict and can&#039;t stand to drink it now (love that!).  I don&#039;t feel the need to eat near as much as I used to.  I&#039;m looking to lose 50 total pounds.  I want to get from a size 12 to a size 4 again."
"This medication in combination with other medicines gave me my life back. I had unsuccessful or allergic reactions to other meds that I had tried. I thank my doctor and this medicine every day for giving me my life back."
"After I stopped taking my birth control pill I had experienced full blown severe acne. My body was used to taking it for 7 years so my hormones have been all out of whack. I wanted to cry everyday in the mirror looking at myself being 21 years old with a pizza face. Tried EVERYTHING and as soon as I was about to give up I was prescribed Aczone. After ONE DAY I began to see a difference. I&#039;ve been using it for a couple of weeks now and am almost completely acne free. I SWEAR by this stuff it is the best thing that&#039;s ever happened to me regarding skin."
"I was on this  medication for 1 year at 201lbs 5&#039;3 age 23. I was down to 158 without going to the gym ever. The first three months were awful. Dizziness blurry vision but the first month had constant headaches. After that, I ate very little and got full fast. I even quit drinking. It also helped with my depression and energy. I been off of it for 6 months and have gained 10lbs. Food cravings and depression are back. Have to wait 6 months for an appointment to get a refill. I am dependent on it."
"I am a young adult. My face had been peppered with pimples- many of which were so inflamed that they caused me pain- before I used this product. 

This medicine fought the active pimples and prevented more from forming. I was still scarred from my previous acne, so I had to wait until my skin healed. The scarring is the worst part since the skin has to do its own work for that. So eventually, when the scarring faded, I found myself ogling at my amazing complexion. I am so happy to no longer have to worry about dabbing concealer all over my face!

I still get the occasional pimple here and there (though they are far less inflamed), but that&#039;s because faces have so many pores that it&#039;s inevitable. That&#039;s why I&#039;m giving this a 10!"
"After taking the first dose I felt relieved,  but the side effects are just wooziness, stomach discomfort and some restlessness, but all these stopped after about 30mins. It sure stopped the UTI, but since my own reaction to it was not excessive, I&#039;m OK with it."
"So far so good using Dr samples"
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 for about a month and one week, and I went from 112 to 117 and my breats went from a C cup to a D cup! The breats I suppose I don&#039;t mind too much but I absolutley cannot stand the weight gain. I&#039;m a cheerleader and I&#039;m a flyer (the one who goes in the air) so I&#039;m unhappy with that. I&#039;ve also had some random spotting."
"I have been taking Activella for 4 months now.  It immediately alleviated hot flashing and anxiety/nervousness/irritability.  However, I think it is beginning to cause headaches. I&#039;ve also had scalp acne which started when I was taking a generic form of Activella, but seems to be clearing now that I&#039;m taking the actual brand name of the drug.  Also, have noticed I am more emotional (tear up in a second) on this medicine.  In the last month or so, I have become increasingly clumsy, dropping things I&#039;m holding. Will update on this in 2 months."
"I take adavan for panic attacks caused by load noises or medical test and the dentist it is very effective within 30 minutes it makes me sleepy and relaxed. I get off balance and dizzy so I usually need help walking it is a great medication for panic attacks"
"Only side effect I had was fatigue. 1st viral load test was clear! I have sever liver fibrosis which I hope begins to get better now that I am free of HCV."
"I am 37 years old and have had Petit Mal Seizures since I was 2 Years old. My seizures were always controlled on Epival. However, this drug isn&#039;t safe during pregnancy so my Dr prescribed me Keppra (500mg) before we staring to try for a baby. 

Keppra works well for me to control the Petit Mal Seizures. However, it has really bad side effects. It made me extremely tired and quite moody. The worse part about this medication it caused me to have 2 Grand Mal Seizures (10w and 18 w). Before these 2 seizures I have never had a Grand Mal before.  I am now off of Keppra and on Lamotrigine and feel great. I have energy and feel like myself again. Best of all no Grand Mal seizures!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for three and a half weeks and I lost 8 lbs. My goal is to lose 50 lbs and I hope the medication works. I will keep you updated."
"I&#039;ve had this prescribed for surgical procedures, with migraine medications and when I take opioids because they cause swelling and intense itching.

THIS IS GREAT. It ends vomiting, suppresses nausea, eliminates swelling and itching. The generic is very inexpensive and works quickly. The drowsiness side effect is unlike most drugs with this caution; I can wake quickly and think clearly, no &quot;drugged&quot; or heavy, fogged thinking."
"I tried so many antibiotics for a sinus infection that lasted over 3 months. My doctor finally decided to prescribe Avelox because it is one of the stronger antibiotics (at least that is what she told me). Within 3 days I honestly could feel relief. I was so happy to have finally found something that worked. About 1 1/2 years later I had another sinus infection and my doctor put me on Avelox right way. Again, within 2-3 days there was so much relief. I never had any side effects that I knew of."
"I had serious acne that was causing scars on my face and after 6 or 7 months on Accutane (my doctor kept me on for an extra month). I must admit that my skin is SO MUCH BETTER! Although now that the acne is gone I see all the horrible scars left behind, I know that at least I am not getting anymore. I had minimal side effects (some chapped lips and dry skin) and I believe that a lot of the REALLY bad side-effects you read about might not even be caused by the medicine. 

Now that I am off the medicine it continues to work! My chest, back and face all look 100% clearer then before. If you have bad acne GO ON ACCUTANE now. It&#039;s not worth the pain and suffering especially when there is a cure!"
"I have panic attacks and I stress myself to no end about everything, just can&#039;t seem to be calm down or assured about anything. Sometimes I don&#039;t even want to be around people or have conversations. This medicine is the best, its quick, calming and I feel warm cozy and happy again. Sleep really awesome too. No bad side effects. I take 2mg."
"I have been on this tablet for 6 months for my polycystic ovarian syndrome and I am now getting period every 28 days on the spot! But 6 months into it I am starting to feel something like a blockage and feeling nausea and vomiting, this normally happens after my dose after dinner time. I am on 1500mg a day and doctor tells me no way it could be the tablet so now have to go for a scope. "
"Literally did nothing for my anxiety. Made me really sleepy but not sleepy enough to pass out. It just made me super sluggish."
"The taste is sweet and salty, like cough medicine. I highly suggest using juice or Gatorade as a chaser after drinking the prep. I felt nauseous and like throwing up, but drank water after Gatorade. 10 mins Later I felt the effects. Do not leave your house, use babywipes or water to cleanse after every bowel motion, stay near a bathroom, use Depends if you are concerned you can&#039;t make it to the bathroom, and eat chicken broth to soothe stomach. Stay away from acidic juices because your bottom will hate you for the next 4-8 hours."
"I started this treatment July 2012, and used champix as directed for about 8 weeks, by the end I was at one cigerette per day, then I picked up one of the electronic cigarettes because I needed some thing to have bettered my fingers, I used that for one month and that was it, I have not had or wanted a puff almost 4 years, when I used champix, I had no side effects, I feel so much better..... Thanks champix"
"Took this pill at first just because I had cysts that I had to remove surgically. I&#039;m talkin like 12cm cysts. This pill not only helps with my cysts, but I have no mood swings, my periods are controlled, my skin has never been better, and my sex life is great. No cramping anymore at all! Perfect for me!"
"I got the Implanon in April 2010. I wasn&#039;t numb enough so it really hurt. The first 2 months or so were okay. No negative changes, very light spotting for a couple of days a month. Around month 3, I started gaining weight, became very moody, and stopped being interested in sex. It got worse and worse, and after gaining 30 pounds and becoming completely frigid, I had it removed at month 7. This was 2 months ago, and I still have not lost any weight, and my sex drive hasn&#039;t increased much. The ONLY good thing about this method is that once it&#039;s in, you don&#039;t have to remember anything for 3 years."
"Have been taking Savella for 3.5 months - started because of chemo induced neuropathy.  The only side effect that I did not know was a side effect until I read this board, was sweating in head area.  I was having severe pain in both hands and arms and it is virtually gone.  Also, I have lost 13 lbs. and could not figure out what why - guess this could be the miracle for weight loss.  Very pleased with Savella, wish I had known about it two years ago."
"I can tell it&#039;s working! When ever I take the medication my pain reduces from like a 6 to a 4 which is awesome!!"
"Day 10. No side effects at all. No weight loss at all. 5&#039;4&quot; female, 160 pounds, 33.7% body fat. In the past I have taken phentermine with no results, Wellbutrin with no results. Will keep increasing the dose as per the rx and see if it eventually works. Doc gave me a discount card but it still cost me $70 for a month. No insurance coverage."
"I was told I had BV three days ago...took the first dose of meds and symptoms seem to lesson. Three days later all symptoms are back! :( BV is the worst! Praying it&#039;s not something more serious as it won&#039;t let up!"
"Very good drug for my pain management. Causes slight drowsiness. Highly reccomended if your doctor will prescribe."
"OK ladies (and gentleman) 
I cannot believe this I LOST 13LBS  IN 5 days. I started When 6-29-15 weighing 269.. I went to the doctor 7-3-15 and weighed 256 (no way).. Im still in shock.. My husband is so scared because he never seen anything like it. I completely changed the way I eat.. I only eat grilled or baked foods, fruits and lots of water with lemon (my skin is now amazing). I eliminated everything that&#039;s not clean. I removed fast food, soda, salts, sweets basically everything that was killing me slowly. The appetite suppression is amazing and allows me to make better and healthier decisions.. I have had side effects but they are starting to subside. I do not own the a scale but my clothes are getting very lose."
"While I do believe it has lengthened by life, the side effects are difficult to deal with.  I am extremely sun sensitive, also have a rash on my wrists that doesn&#039;t go away. "
"took it after chemo stopped working.after 2 years...first 2 infusions went ok...3 days after 3rd infusion..my legs/feet stopped working..stayed in hospital 4 days legs/ feet slowly coming back..ran every test known to man,,,all normal..conclusion is a side effect of OPDIVO  now off all treatment trying to resolve...better but still some weakness and balance issues"
"I was taking this bc pill for a couple of years. This last month I have bled heavily for 3 weeks straight. It worked great for a long time so I&#039;m not sure what happened but now I will be changing to a different birth control."
"I got ParaGard yesterday. I&#039;m a 20 y/o with no kids who&#039;s never had a Smear done and I was super nervous about getting my ParaGard in after reading a lot of reviews. I chose ParaGard because it is hormone free as I was having not great experiences with other pill forms of birth control including hair loss, as well as my thyroid acting up. I went to PP to get the IUD. I&#039;m not going to say it was painless but not at all as bad as I had read. It felt like a huge cramp and the pain went away the second she was done which took about 2 minutes. It&#039;s extremely quick and worth it. I cramped all that day but then when I woke up I felt fine with a light discharge that is very normal. 10 years is worth the cramps."
"I had a bad kidney infection and was prescribed this in the ER to take 3 times a day for 7 days, I hardly had any side effects at all. The only ones I had were vaginal itching which felt like a yeast infection, really bad nightmares, and some sneezing. Other than that I love this and would definitely take it again, kidney pain was gone within 2 days."
"I had Nexplanon inserted in December 2014 after giving birth to my first child in October 2014.  The first couple of months were rocky.  Off and on periods.  One day I was fine, the next I would bleed.  Mostly light bleeding but some heavy.  Now, October 2015, I have not have any spotting or bleeding a since April (AT LEAST) and all of the sudden I start bleeding today.  I have had bad weight gain with this method.  And call me crazy (but I know a couple others  that have experienced this as well)....I feel pregnancy symptoms sometimes.  I have actually felt what feels like movement as if I am pregnant and the baby is kicking.  Weird.  Nausea.  Horrible headaches.  I am considering switching to another method.  I have tried pill and Depo."
"I had really bad dark marks from acne scarring . My dermatologist perscribed me this and not only did it clear up my acne it cleared up my dark marks as well. My face is so clear and I can actually leave the house without make up and feel confident. :)"
"It&#039;s been pretty good so far. My face has almost completely cleared in one month. I have had no stomach problems."
"I have been suffering for years with my lower back and degeneration disease in lower back. I have been on everything imaginable from Lortabs to Roxicodone. Today I was given 100mg Demerol along with Lortab 10&#039;s. I feel like I&#039;m living now instead of just existing!"
"No seizures"
"I&#039;ve been suffering from various back and nerve issues for almost a year now; 2 bulging discs and sciatica. Over the holidays I was unable to get in to see my primary care and ran out of my medications, resulting in a trip to the ER. The ER doc gave me an injection of Norflex and an rx until I was able to get in and see my doc. 

It has worked amazingly well. I&#039;ve had minimal side effects taking it twice daily and within a half hour of taking it, my back spasms completely stop. It&#039;s been quite a relief."
"After suffering from bulimia for many years and not being able to control my binge eating I started taking Fastin. I only take 1 1/2 pills a day (I&#039;m only 115 lbs and not looking for significant weight loss) and that is enough to help me fight my urge to stress eat. In fact when I was taking 2 pills a day I found myself forgetting to eat. I still feel a little jittery after taking them. "
"I was put on Linzess a few weeks ago. I have struggled with chronic constipation for many years. I have tried every OTC laxative with no luck. I didn&#039;t think this would work. For the first week, it didn&#039;t do anything for me. I was losing hope. Then by the 2nd week, it was creating softer stools to be passed. I had a colonoscopy a couple weeks ago, and I had to take bowel prep, which cleaned me completely out. I have also switched to a gluten-free diet, which has helped greatly (and I honestly didn&#039;t think it would). I take Linzess every other day now instead of every day. It still works for me. However, it works a lot quicker than it did prior to the colonoscopy. I don&#039;t have to run to the bathroom, but I can feel it when it kicks in."
"I got the Liletta March 2016 after I had my daughter. The procedure wasn&#039;t too painful for me and was quick. When I first got it my periods was light and had spotting here and there. Since November of 2016 my periods have actually stopped. Personally I love this birth control and glad I got it."
"I was on this pill for two months and was not impressed. I had random spotting a couple times a week, so it was like I was constantly on my period. Also during the second month, my hair started falling out. It was so scary, because my hair never really fell out a lot when I would shower, but on this pill I would be finding clumps of hair. Needless to say, I&#039;m switching to a different pill."
"Initially, this medicine was a godsend. Burning pain finally fizzled away. Muscle pains, didn&#039;t help as much. Still got numb and weak as well. The real problem came months later when I realized I was having memory problems. Had to wean off it. Memory loss was permanent. Chunks of time just gone. I still think because of the state of pain I was in I would do it over. Maybe the pain made me block out the time. I wish I would have just risked stopping it sooner to see if the nerve had healed. I still take them when I am desparate for relief. But just one maybe two until the zingers stop. Oh ya, nerves were damaged from electricity. Hand to my neck and face."
"I was diagnosed with RA in October 2010 and have been on Plaquenil (200mg 2x/day) and Celebrex (200mg/day) for 3 months now.  I&#039;ve noticed a slight improvement in my hands and fingers as far as morning/evening swelling goes but the stiffness and pain still persist.  I go back to see the RA doc next week and am hoping he can either increase the dose or add something else to the mix because I&#039;m still not feeling all that great."
"Taking this medicine in conjunction with Lamictal. Doctor gave it to me because I wasn&#039;t eating/had no desire to eat for a week and I wasn&#039;t sleeping at all, and also for depression.

This drug gives me crazy hunger cravings I have been on it for about  2 1/2 weeks now. When I first started it I was eating everything. Butter toast is still my favorite. I notice I crave salty and sweet foods. I am sleeping all of the time and I am on 15MG at bedtime. I have to drink coffee so I can get up and function if I have nothing particularly important I sleep until 3 or 4 o&#039;clock. So it definitely has helped with the insomnia and the not eating, but it makes me feel high."
"I have been taking Advair 250/50 for going on 3 years and I love it! My breathing oxygen level stays in the high 90&#039;s and I haven&#039;t make a trip to the ER for not being able to breath after I started it. Highly recommend it even tho it is pricy"
"I have had acne for quite some time so I decided to start ortho. It&#039;s only been 3 days in and I have so many extra pimples on my face all over, and huge pimples at that. I&#039;m hoping it will clear as its starting to get into my system but so far I&#039;m dreading starting this pill and am thinking I need to just stop as it is not helping my self esteem or my skin what so ever....I have more scars which take so much time to heal/ lighten. Unhappy"
"This pill is great for preventing pregnancy, that&#039;s it. The side effects that come with it are terrible. This pill made me turn into a different person. I would cry for no reason, I became overly sensitive, get mad for no reason, and had a constant bad, depressed, helpless feeling. If someone said something mean, even in a joking manner it felt like the end of the world, when it should be something to be shrugged off. I took this pill for 4 years and the thing that made me realize the pill was the cause of the problem was that I missed 3 in a row and I felt amazing, like a normal person again. I am now switching methods and feel way better."
"I was prescribed atenolol for an irregular heartbeat and it worked like a charm. I have not had an episode since I started it. I also noticed a pronounced calming effect as well, which I wasn&#039;t expecting but has been welcome. The only side effect I notice is an increase in urinary urgency."
"Zoloft was very effective for about 2 years then I became immune to it and my bipolar depression returned."
"The medication indicates to see a doctor before taking this medication. I thought I had a YI and used monistat 1 and had a very bad reaction. Well, that&#039;s because I had bacterial vaginosis. I am now paying for the consequences to not seek medical information before taking monistat 1 that is the blisters and sores that ooze. Always talk to your doctor before taking meds, says right on the box. To clear my BV or rule out BV and YI, take a test or see the Doctor"
"I had a parathyroid removed the end of May. One of the complications I was having was shortness of breath. A month after surgery a pulmonologist followed up with tests and said I have beginning COPD. She recommended Spiriva. The first two weeks I started feeling better. Then I started feeling tired all the time, my eyes seemed puffy, my weight was going up, peeing frequently with urgency, dry mouth, cuts healed slow, developed heartburn, my joints all felt achy, sleep was poor, and I was retaining fluid and needing lasix at least twice a week, and having tearful moodiness. Labs showed high glucose. I have never been a diabetic. Now regular testing the last 4 days show I am prediabetic. Apparently 1 in 10,000 can become prediabetic "
"I gained 60 pounds and had to go off of it because of that, it also made me tired and have panic attacks"
"It&#039;s the best medication I ever taking for anxiety and an instant antidepressant. I have taken it since I was about 21, and it still works great.  "
"I&#039;m quite depressed and bad at schoolwork. When I take Concerta especially high doses, I do much better at school and my depression goes away. It feels like I&#039;m completely stoned and I have no emotions. I also lost 10 pounds in a month going from 105 to 95 it&#039;s kinda cool being this skinny, my friends think I&#039;m anorexic but I&#039;m just not hungry."
"The side effects of this medication far outweighed any benefits.  I honestly didn&#039;t notice any decrease in migraines or other types of headaches.  Besides that, I couldn&#039;t eat a thing (lost tons of weight), my face felt numb, my hands and feet tingled, and I was so tired during the day that I found it impossible to be productive at work.  Plus it makes you forget words!  I know another girl at work who went on this and she&#039;s fine!  I guess I just couldn&#039;t tolerate it.  My doctor ended up putting me on Cymbalta and it prevented migraines for me.  Cymbalta is a great antidepressant because it has given me no side effects whatsoever!  And normally I get the sexual side effects from them (I&#039;ve tried a lot)."
"Knocks me out!  Which allows me to sleep, at least for a few hours until it wears off.  I could not take this during times I need to remain awake, but when I want to be able to fall asleep, it is wonderful!"
"Doxycycline worked great at first, my skin cleared up super fast, but then after a while I still continued to get a few zits here and there. One of my greatest complaints is how sensitive it made my skin to the sun. I am outside a lot and I used to never get burned, but since on the medication I get severely burned on random places like my nose, hands, ears and feet? I get burned so bad that 2 hours in the sun (with some sunscreen) would result in scanning of my nose and ears. I have recently switched medicine because of this side effect, but if you don&#039;t go in the sun you should love the product!"
"Before being put on movantik, I was only having a bowel movement some times 3 days, some time 5 or even hit 10 days once. Then I finally was put on movantik and now I&#039;m going every 2 days and at least I&#039;m not in pain when I go to the restroom."
"I love this product. I have been using it for the past 2 years it works like a bomb. no forgetting to take it, no weight gain like many of my friends have had who are on the pill. Just wish there was a cheaper version of it."
"I have been on qsymia since 7/20/16 &amp; I have lost 48 lbs!!!! I have had little to no side effects."
"Suppresses all stress on my nerves I sleep all night without any interruptions.  If you have to wake up early in the morning, take it early night hours. I&#039;ve been seizure free for 8 years since I&#039;ve been taking clobazepam"
"I have been using Saxenda for a month now as started Nov 4, 2017. My starting weight was 242 pounds and I&#039;m 5&#039;10 male. Today as of Dec 4, 2017 I weigh 230 so a -12 weight loss in a month. Definite reduction in appetite as feel full with about half or less than of what would normally eat before. Exercising lightly, mostly walking but getting a treadmill and free weights to soon to start to increase intensity of exercise as now at full 3mg dosage. No real side effects only at start was feeling tired but went away after first week. Will update every month as goal is to get to 170 pounds."
"I am taking 25mg in morning. Working up to 100mg over few weeks going up 25mg every 2weeks, iv only been taking it 4days and tbh only thing I&#039;ve noticed was first day felt rough but since I&#039;ve felt the odd nausea no other side effects, maybe because I&#039;ve been so busy haven&#039;t noticed them, I&#039;m actually lookin  forward to upping dosage, I want to prevent migraines I dunno why I didn&#039;t go get help sooner I&#039;ve suffered for years, but to me being overweight I&#039;m also hoping itl help with the weightloss I&#039;ve been struggling to lose for over 4yrs I&#039;m fit and healthy and regular exercise and healthy eater yet can&#039;t shift so hoping this helps"
"UPDATE: Today marks 90 days I&#039;ve been smoke free!!!  and around a month now I&#039;ve been off Chantix completely. No desire to smoke. Food taste amazing! I can BREATHE. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, but I&#039;ve joined the gym and started lifting. I feel GREAT. Wouldn&#039;t have been possible without Chantix. I weaned myself off of Chantix the last few weeks..made me apprehensive just stopping it cold turkey. Chantix gave me some weird dreams, nausea...nothing too serious. Much better than COPD, emphysema, lung cancer, DEATH from continuing to smoke.

If I can quit, YOU can quit. Chantix saved my life. (31 y/o..been a smoker since age 13! Pack-pack and half a day when I decided to quit.)"
"I&#039;ve had it for about a month now and it is the worst birth control I have every experienced. I&#039;ve had my period for about 3 weeks now and it&#039;s honestly the better side effect out of all I&#039;ve had so far. It started with anxiety me and my boyfriend have been together for about 8 months now and ever since I&#039;ve been on it it&#039;s totally screwed everything up. I could control the anxiety until the depression came it got worse from there. I now have bipolar mixed with all of those other side effect and it has caused me to not trust my boyfriend and I feared he was going to break up with me. He did because I was being completely untrustful. We are now back together but I plan on removing the implant TOMORROW"
"My main problem with this medicine was it made me have ZERO interest in sex, and a ZERO ability to have an orgasm.  So instead of taking this medicine, I recently went to see my doc and informed her that I wanted to get off it.  She really tried to convenience me to stay on them, but I insisted that with my new eating habits, exercise program (and lack of holidays), I was doing much better, mentally.  She insisted that it was due to taking the medicines that I felt better; but to be honest, I&#039;ve always had a positive attitude about life and the atrophies that occur.  But during the holidays when she prescribed the Zoloft to me, I was depressed. "
"I found this medicine, along with therapy,  to have helped me a great deal. I was originally given Prozac, and it made me more anxious than I was to begin with. A friend of mine told me about Effexor, and I asked my Psychiatrist to switch medications. Thank God. Effexor was a God send for me."
"I got this about 6 or 7 months ago &amp; they did not tell me about any mental side effects . I was aware of the bleeding situation but I never stop, it&#039;ll go from light to heavy out of nowhere. I am always having mood swings , and angry over the littlest things in the world with my , now ex. I feel like I&#039;m going crazy with this thing and I realized it&#039;s from it because of all the other reviews . I have become highly depressed as well , more suicidal thoughts have been coming through my mind. I finally decided this is what is causing my wreck of a behavior and I am getting it taken out. I do not wish for anyone to go what I am going through because of this stupid implant. I&#039;m horrified I ruined my shape and my loving self."
"I love this medication. I&#039;ve always used abreva but decided to get a prescription because abreva took forever to kick in. I recently had an outbreak because of stress at work. It started with one blister. I put the ointment and it went away in 24 hours with a minimal scab. I then had another outbreak 2 days after. This one also went away immediately with a minimal scab. The same weekend I got a bad outbreak where my lip swole up as well. I applied the ointment at night. The next day by 6pm the swelling was gone and the blisters became a tiny scab. I LOVE this ointment."
"My first baby was born at 31 weeks due to placental abruption.   My doctor recommended Makena injections with my second pregnancy.   I took the injections until 36 weeks.  My only side effect was pain and itching at the injection site for several days after the shot.   I had contractions at 34 weeks but did not dilate.  Started having signs of labor a week after my last shot and delivered at 37 1/2 weeks."
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for 3 months. It&#039;s effective but major Negative side effects. I&#039;ve been bleeding pretty bad between periods (seems to be worse when I drink coffee for the record). Along with the spotting I&#039;ve been getting cramps that feel worse than my usual period cramps. I&#039;ve also been getting headaches MUCH worse than I&#039;m used to that seem to last forever. Periods have been lighter which is a plus but obviously all the blood that should be draining isn&#039;t because of all the spotting. It isn&#039;t all bad but I&#039;m switching for sure."
"I was on clonazepam about 3/4 years ago for about 6-1 year.... Best moments in my life I was very socially active had many friends, went to school graduated from school. I was able to sleep very well. The reason I had to get on the medications in the first place is because my anxiety was acting up, I couldn&#039;t sleep, I would behave very wildly at times. I took 3 mg a day . 1 mg in the morning and 2 mg at night. I became a Christian and I tapered of the meds, I believe meds should be taken short term less than 6 months . I wanna get back on klonopin 2mgs at night 3 if they say so but just 2 is fine with me. I&#039;ve been through much trauma I&#039;m currently on gabapentin and it&#039;s not helpin as klonopin gabap is similar to klonopin."
"The patch causes itchiness but after a while it goes away. I noticed my breast are more full and perkier which is nice but I did notice I am more emotional on the patch and a headache here and there. This patch works great other than that. I recommend this to someone who doesn&#039;t like using pills and to someone who prefers a much easier and simple method."
"I have now had my Skyla for over a month. I was on the pill before and had to switch due to migraines caused by too much estrogen. Insertion wasn&#039;t bad-if anything just a little cramp added to your normal pelvic exam. After insertion I was very dizzy and super nauseous. I laid there for about 25 mins feeling sick and having terrible cramping. Soon after I was fine! Mild cramping for the first few days and then for the next week (lessened over time). I bled for about three weeks after insertion- different everyday. Sometimes more than others. Just had my first cycle while on Skyla. Very light, but lasting about 7 days. had a few breakouts but may be stress related too. Feeling great so far!"
"I&#039;m happy with this drug. I&#039;ve tried many epileptic drugs over an 18 month period which did not work for me. My doctor prescribed me Toprimate for my seizures. I&#039;ve been taking 25mg per day for 2 weeks then increased to twice per day for 2 weeks and now I&#039;m on 50mg, twice a day. I&#039;ve not had a seizure in over a month which I&#039;m very happy about! The negative side effects I get are blurred vision, clumsiness, headaches and tingling in my hands and feet. I was hoping to lose some weight as I read some reviews on the Internet on how Toprimate helps with weight loss- but I haven&#039;t experienced any Weightloss yet. Maybe it&#039;s because I&#039;m on a very low dosage. I&#039;ll have to wait and see."
"Been using Patanol for years and it worked great until it seemed like my eyes were getting worse. I thought I had extremely dry eye and tried an eye lubricant. After using it for little more than a day, my eyes were bad. Itchy, burned, constantly watering, blurred vision, headaches and I realized That the Patanol recently had been doing the same things. I haven&#039;t used any eye drops for about 24 hours and although I still have symptoms, I&#039;m just carefully wiping my eyes, and cold compresses help and trying to avoid anything that strains my eyes. Like typing this. I&#039;m really happy with the Patanol, no problems at all until recently.  seeing all the symptoms of pinkeye.  Patanol is the best thing to treat. I just don&#039;t want to get worse again."
"I have been on Implanon for 9 months now.  I feel very confident in its ability to prevent pregnancy.  I have had no weight gain, very little acne, no cramps or bloating, and no mood swings.  However, I have been on my period for 9 months.  In addition to the bleeding, I also have a very low sex drive, vaginal dryness, and it also drys out my eyes irritating my contact lenses.  I will be getting my Implanon removed next month due to the abnormal bleeding I&#039;ve had.  I feel very protected against pregnancy on Implanon, there is no &quot;missing a pill&quot; or &quot;taking a pill late&quot; that used to worry me.  Having the Implanon inserted didn&#039;t hurt at all, the doctor will numb your arm before.  I did have some bruising for about a week after wards."
"Began 800mg in May 2014; 10 months into treatment. No new mets at this  time. High blood pressure began three weeks into treatment, a good sign in that it demonstrates the drug is working well. Hand foot syndrome, initially intense pain , but now under control. Weight loss due to loss of taste  and appetite, a nutritionist can help. White hair. This is considered the least toxic targeted therapy drug for mRCC, do all you can to stay with it. If it is working for the first year you may continue to get excellent results for years to come. This is currently considered the first line therapy for mRCC. Take at night to reduce the stomach discomfort."
"I have been on it for a little over 1 year.My crohns is better but I now have Severe Liver disease.I had a ct scan 10 months ago with mild fatty liver.A recent ct scan revealed Severe Liver disease.I am so annoyed! Be sure to ask questions and do your research.I would have rather lived with crohns than with a ruined liver!"
"I&#039;m 36, have 1 daughter, 14 years old. I am recently divorced and my ex husband had a vasectomy.  I have not had to worry about birth control up until recently.  I am in a new relationship and I needed birth control.  I have several friends who have the Mirena and absolutely love it!  I got the Mirena early June, 2011. I was not on my period at the time, but I did start a week later as scheduled.  It was short, not too heavy, but I have been lightly bleeding ever since (almost a month straight)     It is more annoying than anything.  Everyone keeps telling me to give it another few weeks or so and it should stop altogether. If I keep bleeding, I don&#039;t have to worry about pregnancy anyway. "
"For me Implanon has been the best thing I ever got in never had any problems with it or many side effects. stopped my periods totally but I don&#039;t mind that at all. After getting my second one in today and happy out. Definitely would recommend it as I was put on different pills before I got Implanon in and they didn&#039;t agree with me at all I felt very sick and bloated and stabbing pains I was delighted when found out about Implanon :)"
"I couldn&#039;t poo for days.. Then I took these pills at 8pm and went to bed at 11pm I then woke up at 1:30am with the worst tummy pain ever I got out of bed and had a little spew. Then I sat on the toilet it began coming out then  until 7pm that night. I have to say the pain was very bad but it was much better then being blocked up and my bowel motions not coming out. I would definitely take these again I feel much better now"
"Before you read everyone&#039;s comments, understand that mental illness is not all the same and isn&#039;t fully understood. (With your doctor) you have to experiment which out works best for you. All medications take a few months to work for their full potential. Take them exactly how your doctor recommends them and take them exactly on time. I know it&#039;s hard but be patient, you&#039;ll get their and it&#039;ll change your life.

I&#039;ve been taking Lexapro ( escitalopram ) for a few years now. Before taking it, I tried everything in the book. I went from sweaty palms, forgetful thoughts, sweaty armpits, loss of sleep, overwhelmed with anxiety, stomach issues...etc to feeling sharp, happy and not depressed. I take it exactly within 24 hours everyday."
"This stuff cures my depression. I take 1 mg a day (I cut a 2 in half). I have been a pill abuser since the 1970s and I am bipolar (I did not want to accept this diagnosis so I got 4 second opinions). I feel NO desire to abuse Suboxone and I take LESS than prescribed. I used to run through 5 Norco scripts with some additional purchases on the side. My father and sister both committed suicide so I have an extensive family history of bipolar disorder.

I have no plans to discontinue this medicine, my doctor agrees. SUBOXONE SAVED MY LIFE! IT IS HIGHLY ADDICTIVE but for me, it is worth it."
"Started taking in 2007, weaned down to approximately 60 mg. per day (average).  Has been the best antidepressant thus far, way better than Paxil, Zoloft and Prozac.  Fewer side effects, and manages my mood disorder."
"I promised I would write a review if it worked and it did!! My boyfriend and I had sex and the condom slipped off and neither of us realized until after, so he came completely inside me. I took the pill an hour and a half later. I was on no birth control (dumb I know) and I was in the middle of my cycle so odds are I was ovulating. About a week later I had my period, it came a week early. We are both freshman in college and are no where near ready for a baby so I am beyond thankful for plan b. I&#039;ve never been so stressed and scared in my life, but it worked so relax!!"
"I am allergic to penicillin (break out in a rash) and amoxicillin (go into anaphylactic shock) so my doctor prescribed me this for a bad bout of tonsillitis. Within the first two pills (500mg twice a day) the swelling has gone down, and although the pain is still there I feel these pills are really working well for me. As for side effects I have had exactly zero. I take them with food and so far everything seems to be working well. 

It might be worth noting that during this bout of tonsillitis I have suffered severe insomnia, fever and hallucinations so even if the antibiotics did cause side effects I would not know! Brilliant drug."
"Vimpat has some effectiveness for my partial seizures, but it is accompanied by other difficulties:

1. It gave me double vision early on. We had to balance my dosages of Vimpat and Lamictal to straighten out the problem.
2. I struggle with memory problems as a result of taking it. Sometimes I need to ponder extra long to even be able to recount what I did or learned just a few days before. And I&#039;m not always successful.
3.Vimpat has intensified my emotions, especially in causing me to weep. I used to go a whole year without shedding a tear. Now I often can&#039;t even go a whole day without crying a bit. I don&#039;t think it&#039;s depression. I usually am moved to tears over something I deem wonderfully moving. Just totally out of character for me."
"This medication has done wonders for my anxiety and associated anxiety side-effects such as sweating, etc. I&#039;ve tried everything in the book and this old-timer finally has done the trick."
"Voltaren gel is very helpful and good for any type of pain. 
ALWAYS ask your Doctor to prescribe. It works well on my pains. I have a spine injury, had 4 back surgeries, also in my shoulders I have bursitis pain and a rotator cuff tear. 
Voltaren also comes in a 12 hour patch, it works well too."
"I go to the gym late at night after work. I take a high stimulant pre workout powder prior to my workout which doesn&#039;t allow me to sleep till hours after my late night workout. Took 2 unisom pills and knocked out within 20 min. Good solid sleep"
"First, let me say that i am so thankful for biologics to treat psoriasis and make possible to live and enjoy life without scales covering 100 percent of my body.  Enbrel worked great for years.  It stopped being effective.  I tried stelara and humira but didnt work for me.
Thank God for Cosentyx.
 After the loading doses and first month there after, I am about 98 percent clear. This is the clearest I&#039;ve been in a long time.
So easy to administer, zero pay with assistance copay  and clear skin... with no side effects yet "
"I have degenerative disc disease and recently blew a disc in my neck which was excruciating.  I&#039;ve dealt with lower back disc related issues for 30 years, but this pain in my neck left shoulder and arm was beyond anything I could cope with. I wasn&#039;t sleeping and functioning was near impossible.  The doctors tried me on Lyrica which was bad for me, then Cymbalta which made me lose a lot of hair and extreme muscle cramps (not to mention the really bad withdrawals), but just a week into taking 200mg of gabapentin before bed I am virtually pain free!  I&#039;ve gained a little weight, but that&#039;s about it.  My fingers and hands are still tingling but the pain associated is almost gone and most definitely tolerable.

I LOVE this stuff so far."
"Great help on stopping pain medicines. This works wonders if taken right."
"Ladies, let me just first say that the mind is a very powerful thing, and just like you I read all these reviews and was terrified.  I told my doctor I was nervous of how awful it was going to feel and he assured me that it was all in my head.  He was right, it was nothing like the reviews I have read. I counted how long it took, it was less than 2 minutes.  AND I counted how long the severe cramping lasted during, and that was less than 20 seconds.  Yes the cramps felt like a very powerful menstrual cramp and it was not comfortable, but it was so so so short.  I left the office feeling completely fine, just feeling like I had menstrual cramps.  Very little spotting the next few days.  Don&#039;t let the reviews scare you!"
"I take them for back pain,and for a acdf surgery. I take them 4 times a day and they are great. But your body will build up a tolerance over time. But until then they work so good! Takes some time to kick in though. And will make you constipated. But for pain the side effects are worth it!"
"I have severe obsessive compulsive disorder.  I had been on Lexapro, AND I was doing well after 2 years I went off it.  I was doing well for a few months, and then my OCD spiraled out of control.  I started taking Lexapro again 3 weeks ago.  Last week I was still doing horribly.  My Psychiatrist put me on 2 MG of Abilify and it seemed to kick in for me the next day.  I&#039;m not perfect, but my OCD thoughts are much less. I&#039;m not ruminating.  I don&#039;t have rituals, just obsessive thoughts.  They&#039;re practically gone in one week.  This medicine seems to have done the trick for me thus far.  I have just started CBT therapy too.  My appetite has increased.  I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s actually from the Abilify."
"Like many other Topical creams for skin cancer, It has a burning effect. Dryness then flaking on the area&#039;s applied. It helps when the flaking has stopped and your skin has had time to repair the dead drying and sometimes a bit of bleeding in my cases. but seems to get rid of the skin cancer. So for about a week you will look a little scally best used before or after any family photo&#039;s."
"Best med in the world for sick kids "
"I was diagnosed with 4 baseball sarcoma tumers in my liver July 15 2014. Did 6 weeks of GEMS/Taxol and after the scan showed two more tumors in the liver and four now in my lungs. My doctor put me on Votrent and scanned me once again after six weeks. All the tumors in my lungs have shrunk half their size and one tumer in the liver shrunk half it&#039;s size as well and all the others in the liver are dying from the inside out. Praise The LORD !"
"I got Implanon inserted in January of 2009 after I had my son. I weighed roughly 200 lbs then. I breastfed for 7 full months and lost about 20 lbs in doing so, and I had NO periods at all during that time. I am closing in on the halfway point of having this in and I do get quite a bit of dark spotting and irregular periods now with cramping like I used to get when I was on no birth control. I have PMDD, so my psych doctor always has me on some antidepressant. I am on Wellbutrin now and have been since October of 2009. I am now down to 148 lbs. I haven&#039;t been this thin since I was in my early 20&#039;s (I&#039;m 33). I do walk and watch what I eat, but nothing extreme, and nothing unusual. I&#039;m now getting sore breasts and hoping that the next 18 months go okay."
"I have been given Vicodin for severe migraines, back pain, wisdom tooth removal and kidney infection with kidney stones. It never fails to make me feel nauseous, give me headaches, and make it incredibly difficult to function at times  BUT it did take away my pain. After my last ER visit I asked for something other than Vicodin, they gave me Percocet and it works well with minimal side effects."
"I was prescribed Cipro ...the whole time I was sick in my stomach and couldn&#039;t keep anything down. I couldn&#039;t sleep but it seemed to be working for my urinary tract infection."
"I&#039;ve suffered from chronic insomnia and severe panic attacks since early childhood and was given many medications but they didn&#039;t help me. I eventually was put on Seconal sodium (secobarbitol) by a new physician and I sleep well and don&#039;t experience panic attacks anymore. I was taught to take my Seconal under my tongue with Nutra-sweet and on a four hour empty stomach. Also, I never experienced withdrawals when I was without this medication for two months. Seconal has made my life much better now that I can get restful sleep and no longer have panic attacks."
"Caused terrible itching and pain."
"I have been on Alpha-nine SD for 31 years .
It&#039;s been good for preventing bleeds and excellent for stopping initial or on going bleeds."
"I got the Implant in March 2015 right after I decided to stop using the shot as my birth control method.  for the first 8 months, I LOVED it. No side effects that bothered me, I did not get any periods (which was what I was used to from the shot). And then for some reason in December 2015, I got a period that lasted for 42 days. YES 42 DAYS straight! Some days were heavy spotting, or light bleeding and the rest of the days were HEAVY &amp; PAINFUL. I also have been breaking out NONSTOP since Christmas, my acne has never been this AWFUL. I am ready to take this implant out of my arm and go back on the shot. :( Sad because I was hoping to stay on this for 3 years. Not worth all the breakouts and never ending periods."
"Valium has saved my life. I suffered from &quot;neck tightness&quot; that almost drove me to the point of insanity, which no doctor could diagnosis or understand. I thought there was no solution and had lost all hope. It turned out to be a psychological thing (anxiety disorder) but the Valium immediately alleviated my symptoms. I take the Valium when I feel my anxiety symptoms flare up. These days I don&#039;t need to take it that often, knowing its just anxiety"
"I&#039;ve had my implant since 4/28/16. It&#039;s now June 28th. Honestly I wanted to try something that have the benefits of birth control without the hassle of remembering to take pills because I constantly forget. But I&#039;ve been miserable. I&#039;ve only had a two week period without bleeding or spotting. To me the spotting is substantial enough where I&#039;m uncomfortable to have sex with my fianc&eacute; and mind you our second baby is 4 months old so we can count how many times we have had sex. We are getting married in just over a month and I&#039;m stressed that I would still be bleeding by then smh. I honestly wouldn&#039;t recommend this product to anyone, however your experience might be different."
"It takes about 45 days for it to start working and probably 60 days for it to fully work.  However, it does help prevent pain associated with Interstitial Cystitis (IC). I didn&#039;t fully appreciate it until I couldn&#039;t afford the medicine anymore.  If you call the manufacturer, they can help you get a discount card to save on the cost."
"I guess I am the black sheep amongst the flock. I took Daklinza and Sovaldi which made my HepC undetectable, but since taking those I have  a hand and lower forearm problem. Started on the hepC meds around May of 2016. Hand issue started May of 2016. I would get scabs on different places on my hands. Sometimes the spots would bleed...looked like severe dry skin. Went to 3 dermatoligists, a top notch liver doctor, my family Dr, and the Gastro Dr that got me on the HepC meds. None of the above can figure out what is going on. It is now Sept 2017 and basically the same symptoms are going on. Now I have a severe rash on the lower part of my forearms, so severe you could strike a kitchen match on them. No one seems to be able to help."
"I take two tablets before I go to bed and drink plenty of water during the day."
"Helps me to focus and organize thoughts. This drug works very well with moderate exercise."
"A few weeks ago my physician gave me a sample of this to try since the Syymicort I had been using for more than 2 years was no longer as effective as it had been. I&#039;ve been using this once a day now for about 3 weeks and have had considerable relief. It did take me a couple of days to get the hang of using this new style delivery system. It&#039;s really easy to push the delivery button before you get your mouth over the respimat properly ."
"I took plan b 2 months ago, 5 days before ovulation, and 5 hours after the incident. A week later, I bled for 5 days like you should after plan b, then had another period a week after that. I didn&#039;t have any side effects until just this past week, and my period has been 11 days late, I just got it a few hours ago. This past week I&#039;ve had extremely sore breasts, dizziness, and many other early pregnancy symptoms along with the late period, so I was really freaking out. Overall, yes plan b works, but it can be scary that I didn&#039;t feel anything until 2 months, which lead me to believe that I was pregnant. So only take this pill if you really need to, and don&#039;t take it frequently because it really can mess your body up and scare you."
"After taking 3 pills, I experienced chills, tremors, nausea, vomiting..had to go urgent care. They changed to Clindamycin. Now I am taking Levoquin and Clindamycin. Just have mild diarrhea."
"Adderall XR 20mg, doesn&#039;t help me at all.  I can&#039;t tell I took it.  The manufacturer is Activas Pharm"
"I contracted herpes 3 years ago at age 38 and was absolutely devastated after having a fun and fancy free sex life my whole adult life. I felt like my life was over. I took a natural antiviral which helped block outbreaks from eating foods high in arginine . But as my job got very stressful, the natural antiviral couldn&#039;t block that, and I was getting a breakout every few weeks. I suddenly felt like I had no control. And I was fine until I&#039;d get an outbreak, and then it was an ugly reminder of the person who gave it to me. I went to my doctor and got 500mg per day and it really was a lifesaver! It&#039;s great for suppression and I recommend. It gives self esteem back!"
"I&#039;m recommending this to all my family and friends I love this product."
"I got Implanon 3 months ago. Even with an above average amount of bruising after insertion, it only hurt when I put weight on my arm and it only lasted for a few days. I got my period a few days after insertion.  It lasted 7 days and was fairly heavy for 5 of those days.  This made me nervous that I was gonna be one of the unlucky people who never stopped bleeding, but it&#039;s been over 60 days since I&#039;ve had any bleeding.  So if you do have some heavy bleeding at first, that doesn&#039;t mean you will bleed the entire time you have it. That was my biggest concern before getting it. I have no negative side effects and it&#039;s so much more convenient than pills.  My experience so far has been fantastic!"
"71 y/o male, been on Apriso for 17 months.  Was on Asacol, PRN,  since 1st dx of &quot;Crohn&#039;s colititis&quot;  in &#039;03, refined to Crohn&#039;s, with stricture @ splenic flexure (caecum) in 2013.  In June drove 4000+ miles without butt cushion and have exacerbated hemorrhoids with minor bleeding X3 mos.  Saw anesthesia yesterday and ECG looked better than 40 years ago, but worried about H&amp;H (rectal bleeding), liver and kidney enzymes (long terms NSAIDS) and C-reactive protein (indicative of autoimmune antecedents).  If labs are OK, will go next week for UGI endo (1st time), and bottom peek, with possible repair of hemis.  My Apriso co pay went from $47 to $169/mo.(donut hole) and I wonder if we might switch back to Asacol?"
"It worked okay, but the half-life for me wasn&#039;t enough.  It seemed as soon as the Ativan wore off, the anxiety came back swinging.  "
"I have been taking this same dosage 50 mg for 3 weeks and I take Xanax 3 times a day for anxiety/panic.  Its been so far so good. I&#039;m really trying to be optimistic about this one."
"I have had lots of energy and felt good until recently. My PSA initially went from 66 to 0.1, after 20 months it has started to rise, now it is 0.8 The medicine was easy to take.  I did have a decrease in bone thickness. My bones have now 
shown and increase in mets."
"I started taking Contrave on July 26.  I have tried many diets.  I have a very hard time sticking to any program very long, only to gain the weight back plus more!  I felt effects with Contrave the first day.  The side effects I have had has been some nausea and lack of appetite, which I consider a good thing.  It has helped me not to over eat, snack, or eat from being bored.  I love to cook, and I have been able to do that for my family without over eating.  Lost 5 pounds in 7 days.  I am excited and hoping I have found something that will finally work for me.  Will see my doctor in 4 weeks."
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvigil for 4 years and it&#039;s stopped being as effective.  I&#039;m currently on 125 mg twice a day, and 37.5 mg Adipex twice a day. The Adipex has absolutely helped my weight (down 14 lbs in 15 days, 40lbs to go) but not much help with the wakefulness.  I&#039;m falling asleep in the afternoon and driving is a nightmare.

It takes A LOT for insurance to cover.  Without all the hoops my doctor has agreed to jump through, it would be $685 per month."
"Prezista is the best I have ever had. It has some side effects but is good. I feel a lot healthier than I did before I start taking them."
"I have been on the pill for about 3 weeks now and I recently started getting some side effects. My breasts are really sore (hurting) and they feel really tender. I feel bloated and I even look bloated. I also noticed I get really nauseated at night. Also my contact lenses just recently started bothering me. They are getting dry and they feel like I have something in my eyes but I don&#039;t. My face has cleared up though! I just really hope these bad side effects don&#039;t last too long cause it really sucks and my body doesn&#039;t feel the same! :("
"I have the rarest form of Gastrointestinal Disease that causes me to have constant nausea and this medicine works! I highly recommend it for anyone who is suffering from nausea and vomiting."
"About two weeks ago I was completely drunk with one of my good friends and things escalated quickly. I woke up the next morning and panicked and had my friend rush to the store to get the pill. I took it with in 7 hours of unprotected sex. For the first two days I was so dizzy I had to lay down for a while and I felt nauseous. Then for about a week I had almost a kind of ovulation pain and I thought I was for sure pregnant. The whole time I had severe breast pain it was very very annoying, but then about two weeks after taking the pill I started a day early and I am very relieved. This pill works wonders don&#039;t worry, relax, it will do its job!"
"The patch causes itchiness but after a while it goes away. I noticed my breast are more full and perkier which is nice but I did notice I am more emotional on the patch and a headache here and there. This patch works great other than that. I recommend this to someone who doesn&#039;t like using pills and to someone who prefers a much easier and simple method."
"Was on Levothyroxine and I noticed some improvement, but still felt symptoms.  We increased the dosage and noticed improvement, but still not quite right.  Over time my symptoms returned and I was continually complaining that my dosage was not right, even though my numbers were within normal limits.  My doctor recommended the switch to armour.  The first week I wanted to die, I couldn&#039;t stay awake, I had constant headaches, I was irritable. After 5 days, I was ready to call the doctor and get taken off...and then MAGIC happened happened. Week 2 I had energy, I started to sleep better, no headaches.  So far so good.  I am hopeful!"
"Ive never have a YI before tried monastat 7 day for the 1st time n my vag is on fire as well. Im actually fine thru out the day but i use the meds n bam fire. Unfortunately im gonna use meds til the end hopefully it does the job."
"I&#039;ve been on Brisdelle about 5 weeks and I absolutely LOVE it!! I noticed the difference after about 4 days. I was a complete mess before starting Brisdelle (moody, depression, major hot flashes, crying, etc) I now feel like a brand new woman. I am so appreciative that my doctor prescribed this for me."
"It took me a bit to find a birth control that worked for me, but out of them all, tri-cyclen lo was the worst experience. I noticed weight gain in my stomach in the first 2 weeks to the point where my jeans wouldn&#039;t fit. I thought to myself that if this is the only problem, I will work with it. I was wrong -over the first 2months I became frustrated over the smallest things, lost motivation to be active, and became depressed that I wouldn&#039;t want to see anyone. I would cry myself to sleep not understanding why.. this pill took over my body (emotionally)-I became a different person and everyone in my life noticed it too. Getting off this pill was the best decision I made."
"I had such high hopes for this med to work out but it simply does not do it for me. I have suffered with ADD my entire life and after being over medicated on anti-depressants, bi-polar meds and anxiety meds my neurologist put me on this. I did not want to take another drug that could possibly become addictive however now that I have been on it for 8 months and get almost no relief I do plan on switching to something different. It may work for some but did not do well for me personally."
"I was being treated in the ER for a bad gallbladder, and Pancreatitis. First they tried Morphine. It made me drunk but didn&#039;t touch the pain. Next she shot a big load of Demerol into my I.V. In ten seconds all my pain was gone! I only gave the Demerol an 8 because within 24 hours it stopped working for me. My Doctor then put me on Dilaudid. That fixed me good! I was on it for three days with some other I.V. Medicines to kick it in. He then took the gallbladder out and sent me home with two weeks worth of Dilaudid for pain. All these drugs are great but be careful."
"I&#039;m 37 with no children and have had mine for 5 years.  I was having really bad abdominal cramps/diarrhea while taking oral contraceptives which went away when I stopped taking it, wanting an effective contraceptive I figured I would try mirena. The insertion was rather painful - I got all hot and watery mouthed, thought I was going to throw up, the cramping and spotting lasted about a week. My periods got lighter each month until they stopped completely - so wonderful. I am due for replacement this month, I started spotting about 4 months ago which seems to time with a monthly cycle, I am assuming this is as the medication is wearing off."
"Been taking Lexapro 10mg for 4 weeks now. It started to help a little after just 2 days. Now I have very few guilt feelings, nearly no depression, no suicidal thoughts, no obsessing over negative things. Not too much help with social anxiety, but does help anxiety around angry people.  Unfortunately, during PMS, it barely helps me, but once that is passed, I&#039;m okay again. Makes sleep WONDERFUL and easy.
Side effects-sleepy off and on during the day, mild, treatable, headaches the first few days."
"I am 22 year old female and taking Zoloft for social anxiety. About a day after starting this medication I began clenching my jaw really tight. My jaw starting aching after a couple of days because of the clenching. I had a panic attack on the train 3 days after starting this. I had nausea and a loss of appetite. The medicine did not really ease my symptoms in fact I would get random occurrences where I would feel extremely nervous and find it difficult to breath. My breathing became very shallow. I am weaning myself off it after 40 days on it."
"I&#039;m posting after reading all the negative side effects of Implanon. I had Implanon inserted over a month ago and have not had any terrible side effects. I had light spotting the second week. I noticed food cravings but it is nothing unbearable. Before starting Implanon I had begun weight watchers and an exercise routine, I&#039;ve been sticking with it and have continued to lose weight while on Implanon. The insertion process was not a big deal either, the lidocaine pinched but after that the only feeling was pressure during insertion. Slight bruising and tenderness after but only for a a few days. I hope this post reaches out to someone because I almost backed out last minute due to all of the negative posts on this product."
"I have been on Kariva for three months now. It has been the first birth control I have tried and it seems to work in the area of birth control as I have not become pregnant. However, I have had my period for eight days every two weeks and finally figured out that my depression systems may have been caused by it; I&#039;ve been terribly moody, depressed, and cry way more often than normal once I started taking Kariva. Sleep disruptions, loss of appetite, and lower sex drive have also been symptoms I&#039;ve experienced."
"What a nightmare this has been for me. After 3 months of using rogaine, my desire to have sex has gradually dissappeared. It has been 2 months since I stopped it and nothing has changed. This side effect is not even listed as a possible reaction. And how long has this been on the market? I simply cannot believe that this poison has not been removed from the market or asexuality mentioned as a possible outcome of this. I have no idea when I will recover and if I will recover. I&#039;m seeing a dermatologist soon. I hope he doesn&#039;t simply tell me that this is all in my head or not related to rogaine because he will not like my reaction. I am terrified...I don&#039;t know what to do about this. I plan on contacting lawyer about this"
"very helpful pain reliever
"
"Took plan B, no side effects. This is my second time taking it in the course of two years. The first time I took it although I felt Nauseous and dizzy."
"Does not help dry eye - which is severe. Restasis did not either - but did not hurt as much on application.  Vial very hard for old hands to  squeeze so have to hold it with opening facing down and give quick jerk to get a drop out and often a drop gets wasted. You are way too stingy with amount of medicine inside vial and should use better quality plastic.
I hoped so much that this xidra would help, have given it many chances when eyes extra bad, no improvement noticed.  Probably will not  try  again - was given first month free.
Thankyou. Delivery needs to be made user friendly."
"Took for lower back pain. Definitely made me drowsy, dry mouth and throat. It did not relax me. I found myself tightening the muscles all over my body to compensate for feeling so tired and weak to be able to move, stand and walk with the pain. Did nothing for the pain and was so drowsy I had difficulty focusing through it to function. I did lay down to try to relax and breath through and ended up passing out for over 4 hours. I guess it was good to get some rest but not having a choice about it...very uncomfortable with that idea."
"After using Paxil and clonidine and experiencing insomnia and lack of appetite my Dr prescribed zyprexa. After reading the reviews I did not take it for months and just kept it in my bathroom. When nothing else would control my anxiety I finally broke down and took it. Within twenty minutes I felt so much better. My obsessive and racing thoughts stopped and I could actually sleep and eat. I take 5mg at night. It does not make me sleep all day. Day two I noticed cravings for carbs but I find drinking a full glass of water takes care of that. You won&#039;t gain weight unless you don&#039;t control your eating which you absolutely can do. Don&#039;t give up and don&#039;t keep suffering. olanzapine can help you but maybe start with a low dose and see how you feel."
"I have been taking amitriptyline for about 9 years now. I always take 10 mg. I read there are people who take a very high dosage.
In a high dosage it does not work for insomnia but for depression. It is better to start with 10 mg.  When you start taking them you can have side effects, but these will disappear in time.
When you are very busy in your head, it is possible that it won&#039;t work that night. But don&#039;t give up. I take it about 2.5 hours before going to bed.
But don&#039;t use a high dosage, it won&#039;t work for your insomnia. It is an excellent pain killer as well, in a lower dosage. 
And with 10 mg it is very easy to stop taking it, I did that a couple of times  without any problems."
"I have an enlarged prostate and it was suggested I try Cialis for some of the symptoms, frequent urination, problems starting and finishing, urgency. I was given a 10mg tab and I decided to take half. I wasn&#039;t in any hurry for results but discovered that even though I wasn&#039;t complaining of erectile dysfunction I definitely had some symptoms, sex with my wife has been very rare during menopause but hadn&#039;t been all that satisfying when it happened. I figured if Cialis worked a little on both fronts I was ahead of the game. I couldn&#039;t believe the erections I started to have, I thought I was still able to get a good erection but this medication is amazing. It has helped both the prostate symptoms and the erectile dysfunction I didn&#039;t know I had."
"For as long as I can remember, I have had issues with falling asleep and remaining asleep. This occurred in childhood also. It seems to be a family trait. However, my doctor prescribed Silenor and what a difference this pill makes! To have always had problems sleeping and then suddenly, a pill changes the problem. Over the years I have taken, Lunesta, Ambien, Tylenol PM, Melatonin, Benadryl...all stopped working within a period of 3-5 months. Not so with Silenor. I read some posts stating that Silenor has caused weight gain. I have not noticed such, but I do not keep a weight scale in my house. For the present, I will only say that for a chronic lifetime insomniac, I wish that I had this pill 44 years ago. Age now 49."
"I have only been on this medicine for about two weeks at 20mg but it has completely changed me! It&#039;s awesome! I suffer from Depression, Anxiety, and ADD and was prescribed Lexapro to help with me depression and anxiety, it bumped up my mood a little but I still had depression and anxiety symptoms. The first day I took Vyvanse it kicked in after an hour and automatically I was more awake, happy, confident, talkative, and focused! It helped me so much with college when before I was failing almost all my classes I am in such a better mood now LIFE IS GREAT! The only down side so far is it makes me really hungry at times and I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep through out the night but it&#039;s worth it!!"
"I actually thought this was the birth control for me since I forget the pill. So after having my second child I put it in for 7 months. I have my period its not heavy its light with lots of discharge! Stops when I shower and overnight, wake up and it starts again. In 7 months it stopped for one week! Abdominal pain, a pinching feeling, my anxiety is worse to the point my right side some parts have numbness, headaches, sore neck,  nausea and vomiting. I&#039;m sick of just having my period I can&#039;t wear tampons because my body pushes it out! Can&#039;t wait to take this device out and gain my normal body functions back."
"I was prescribed Epiduo in July 2014, two summers ago. I had never had bad skin in my life, and that year (19 y/o) my forehead began breaking out with horrible bumpy texture, blackheads, and whiteheads. I caved and went to a Dr... After a month of using Epiduo my skin literally transformed. I remember looking in the mirror one day after 4-5 weeks of use, and I started crying due to my joy and boosted confidence in my skin which was finally clear again. However, starting in November of last year 2015, my skin started breaking out again like it did in July 2014 so I started using epiduo again. I noticed that for a week or so I ran out of it and my breakouts started coming back IMMEDIATELY. For this reason, only 7/10. No permanent results."
"Helps stop the pain of feeling constipated, and my stool isn&#039;t runny."
"I was a little skeptical at first, given the fact that I went in for a regular Pap Smear and walked out with an IUD. Overall, the insertion was painful, but tolerable. It was really fast. I never cramped before Skyla, so the cramps are my only complaint; but nothing Tylenol can&#039;t fix. After the insertion I cramped for a good 12 hours. I got it a week before my period, so I got my period a week later, everything was normal except the bad cramps  for about 10 mins the day I started my period. After that, everything was normal. No spotting, no emotional moods, no weight gain. It is as if I am not on anything. No babies! Which is the ultimate goal. So far I am happy. Periods are lighter and sex drive is through the roof."
"Absolutely LOVE this birth control!!  I had mirena previously for 2 years and had the most awful experiences with it.  As soon as I got nexplanon all of my symptoms from mirena disappeared.  I have been more energetic, have had no headaches or pain whatsoever!  Absolutely recommend it."
"Horrible stuff. Horrendous burning and itching. Worse than the infection was without treatment. I will get something else from the doctor. No over the counter yeast infection treatment for me anymore!"
"I&#039;m nearing my 3rd weeks and I feel my cravings have increased. I take one in the AM and one in the PM. I am always hungry which wasn&#039;t the case before staring this medication. The first week I had a severe headache that awakened me at 4 AM for 5 days in a row. Week 2 I am very sleepy which actually helps because I&#039;m in bed by 10:30 PM where as before I&#039;d be up until after midnight. 
I&#039;ll report back after week 3 to advise if there&#039;s been any improvements."
"My doctor prescribed levocetirizine for reoccurring hives about 3 months ago.  The first night I took a full dose  (5 mg) I slept like a rock; didn&#039;t get up until the late morning.  I now cut the pill in half which has eliminated any drowsiness.  It has helped the hives and I haven&#039;t experienced any unusual side effects other than when I forgot to take it for a couple of days and starting feeling nauseous.  So if/when I no longer need it I will stop using gradually instead of suddenly."
"Great for what it is meant for but a huge risk factor for dependency. If you can your better off taking Lexapro."
"I started off at .50 mg then to 1mg before bed.  I had many issues going on in life and I was having trouble falling asleep.  This helped in the beginning, but my dose is going up and up. I admit, I take this more than I should, so I understand there&#039;s an addictive nature to this.  Just be careful, and talk to your doctor if you notice that.  The best part of this drug; I get a good night sleep and I&#039;m not waking up 3x a night."
"I have been bleeding for 42 days. When I was at 31 days bleeding I went to my doc and he gave me 10mg provera for 10 days, I started the pill on a Thursday and Saturday and Sunday no bleeding so I was super excited! Monday I started bleeding again and have been ever since which is now 42 days. Had bloodwork and ultrasound just to be told all is normal. Anyone else experience this??"
"Had my second of three Euflexxa injections yesterday afternoon and am finding that my knee feels better with each shot.  The injections result in a bit of a pinch followed by brief pressure, but are not painful.  Seven years ago, the same doctor who is administering the shots, scoped my knee to shave off bone spurs, vacuum bone chips, perform a lateral release and micro-fracture.  Ultimately, the knee is going to have to be replaced, but I&#039;m hanging my hopes on Euflexxa for several years of additional relief before taking the jump to surgery.  The downside is that my insurance company, Regence, will no longer cover Euflexxa beginning July 1, 2015.  I intend to write a letter recounting my success to appeal for continuing coverage."
"I was on cyclessa no problems, until my Dr. Switched me saying that they no longer carry it. April is awful I&#039;m breaking out like a middle school boy and I&#039;m itchy all the time. Just want to know how many people had the same symptoms because my doctor is telling me in order to switch b.c. I have to completely buy a new prescription because breaking out and being itchy &quot;are not side effects&quot;."
"Started taking Adderall about 3.5 years ago while in my early twenties for ADD. After already been diagnosed at around 7 my parents refused to put me on medicines. I was never able to sit still, go a day without being extremely restless in class, and many times was sent to the office for being loud. After extreme fatigue and no motivation to finish anything including zero motivation to work, depression, etc. I started Adderall. Has helped so much (at first) things got done, class/work was way smoother. And had interest in things I always struggled to absorb. Cons... tolerance builds fast. Sleep is a must or you feel like a corpse. (After the first few weeks sleep comes easier though.) Nervous.  Jittery. "
"I have been taking the prescription for more that 4 years now and feel great. I take it every morning when I get up first thing. No side effects other than some mid tummy weight gain. My blood pressure has stayed normal, no problems to speak of at all. Sex life is great, (male) my Hypertension has dropped, and I am not tired from the medicine nor am I having any problems with my stomach."
"I&#039;ve had this implant for exactly a year and one month. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant but that&#039;s because since I&#039;ve got the implant I&#039;ve been on my period, it never stops, ever...it should be called no sex control "
"I was pack a day smoker who had quit for 16 years. Bummed a cigarette and was hooked again. Smoked for 6 years after that. I bought 2 packs the day the prescription was filled.  It took me 6 days to smoke them.  I have been smoke free since Feb 5. I still have to fight the urge to smoke, but it is getting easier.  I made it one month on Chantix, taking 1mg instead of 2, which made me feel slow. I had some nausea after taking it, but had to stop because of the constipation. It was terrible. I feel better now. I have more energy, my lungs feel cleaner and I smell better and I think my eyesight has improved. I substituted a toothpick when the urge hit, no calories. As long as I don&#039;t light up, I&#039;ll stay smoke free."
"So I&#039;ve seen quite a few negative comments on here which is a shame so many people are having negative experiences. Mine however has been great! I&#039;ve had mine for almost three years and am planning on getting another updated when my three years come. The first year/year and a half I would have a period which was mostly only spotting once every three months just for a couple of days which was really nice and then I just stopped getting a period at all I haven&#039;t had one in months which is amazing. And it has been working very effectively for me. I do get mood swings periodically but nothing bad and it is well worth it. I highly recommend this method!"
"Dentist prescribed 3 for my last visit. He said to take two (1mg tablets) an hour before coming in. Did so, and I have to say they worked well. Wasn&#039;t bothered by the dentist at all this time!"
"The drug almost killed me.  User BEWARE.  Gave me pulmonary edema!!!
The doctor never even came to see me when I returned to the hospital not breathing.    Don&#039;t take it."
"Got switched to this one from Microgestin when I switched from my online pharmacy to Publix. Yikes! It wreaked havoc on my health: IBS, hair loss, loss of metabolic flexibility, low energy, weight gain (2 lbs, but it still makes a different on my 5&#039;3&quot; frame)... instead of enjoying my workouts (I&#039;m a gym rat), I was merely going through the motions. My workout intensity decreased dramatically because it was too uncomfortable to push to my usual intensity. I was reluctant to attribute my symptoms to my new pill because the symptoms appeared 1 month after the switch from Microgestin. Still tried switching back and am so glad that I did. I am back to normal within a week. YAY!"
"I always thought I had &quot;severe&quot; acne at varying points in my life, with seemingly no remedy in sight. I just decided to go to a dermatologist. I was informed (which I already knew from seeing others in my life with much worse conditions) that my acne was &quot;less severe&quot; or &quot;mild&quot; in comparison from a doctor&#039;s perspective. All of you out there know this doesn&#039;t matter because if it&#039;s bad to you, then it&#039;s bad enough! I go on to explain how I&#039;ve &quot;tried it all&quot; or listen to recommendations of others that have great skin, and I still find that nothing works. The dermatologist recommended Solodyn. I was weary of getting any potential &quot;side effects&quot; as anyone would, but I must say, it worked! Everyone responds diff, but you won&#039;t know until you try"
"My acne was moderate, I went to the doctor and tried birth control to help &amp; the first 3 months on birth control made it 100 times worse, I stuck with it though &amp; then got on a prescription topical which I had an allergic reaction to. I tried so many different face washes, then finally a family friend recommended differin. I found it  for $20-25 I think? My skin cleared up in a week. I still have some small under the skin spots around my chin / mouth but easily covered up by make up. No more cystic acne! I recommend everyone to try this. I have before and after pictures that I wish I could attached because the difference is insane."
"Great product ....literally can&#039;t remove safety cap.  It should be replaced asap or I&#039;m sure customers will switch to a new brand. Great product....can&#039;t get it out of bottle."
"I am a 76 year old female and have been taking Celebrex on and off for many years.  When my arthritis gives me pain I take it for about 2 or 3 weeks and the pain is gone.  Right now I have been taking it everyday for the last 3 months because I need a knee replacement and I am practically free of pain.  I highly recommend Celebrex for any kind of pain.  I have had no side effects."
"I have used Asendin-amoxapine for at least 20 years off and on. After my last hospitalization for 7 months, I had been on Mirtazapine which I and many others gained 30 lbs from and unable to get it off.  So I am again on amoxapine and doing well and starting to lose weight finally.  It helps a great deal with anxiety, social ability and the feeling of being overwhelmed.  Great medicine.  I sometimes fear I wont be able to get it."
"Gave me horrendous headaches, insomnia and depression. Lack of energy. Also gained weight. Had to come off it after just 8 weeks."
"Since I&#039;ve been on this pill I&#039;ve had terrible mood swings around my period, the first week of every pack I feel nauseous and throw up usually once or twice. I have never gotten pregnant but my boyfriend and I take extra precautions and lately I have horrible acne and back pain"
"I took 37.5 at 7:00am 
First five minutes I felt a warm sensation all over; about 20 minutes later I felt as if my body was drunk and heavy. Then a burst of energy came I could not stop moving for the next 4 hours. I detailed cleaed my whole house. I could not eat  (eat before the pill) food was a turn off for me. I felt full and satisfied with 2 cracker&#039;s. I only gave it a 7 because I was very nauseous. I vomited without warning on my floor. Stayed pretty sick to my stomach all day. I lost 2 lbs the first day."
"So I JUST had skyla inserted and the experience was not bad AT ALL. I DIDN&#039;T EVEN FEEL IT GO IN! I had to ask my ob if it was inserted yet. I do have a child, and I took 2 aleve 45 mins before the time, and maybe that helped. Everyone is different, and just because someone else had a bad experience doesn&#039;t mean yours will be bad. Just give it a try and if you don&#039;t like it then just get it removed."
"After a day of hard work I was so tired I could hardly walk. My Doctor told me to start using Iron. I did and now my energy level is great."
"I was prescribed Lortabs and Soma for a year after a wreck, I couldn&#039;t function without them. I was given Suboxone and after day 2 I had no urge for the drugs. I guess it varies from person to person but it really worked for me."
"I was attracted to the four periods a year setup. I had really bad cramps and spotting for the first 8 to 9 months on Seasonique. I continued to have intermittent cramps and spotting after. One strange side effect is that after an orgasm I would have a terrible cramping and blood a little later. Not pleasant. 

I also gained about 10 lbs in one year, which is not normal for me. I go to a gym and avoid junk food. I was generally puffy and no matter how much weight training and cardio I did, could NOT GET IN SHAPE. I&#039;m switching back to Loestrin after I get my weight back to normal. This is an effective birth control but the side effects were a bit unpleasant in my experience."
"30 year smoker.  Began Chantix the last week of March as prescribed and continued smoking until my quit date, April 1.  No cigarettes since, very few instances of nicotine cravings.

Side effects include lots and lots of dreaming, but nothing weird or scary for me.  "
"I have started on celexa 10mg for severe anxiety I was having ( to the point where I couldn&#039;t function and thought I was going to lose my job) I&#039;m only a week in the 10 mg and I already feel a lot better, the anxiety is still there but is manageable. I will be upping to 20 mg this weekend in case it makes me sick. Which brings me to my next advice, if you have a sensitive stomach or was not on any other medication start in a low dose and start on a Friday or Saturday because you will have bad symptoms. I was extremely nauseous, I couldn&#039;t sleep and it made me feel really weird for a while. I had to take petbo bismol tablets to make sure I did not throw up the medication and be back to square one. But that has passed and I feel better now!"
"I love Levaquin.  No other antibiotic even touches my sinus infections.  My head starts to drain within hours of the first pill.  Sinus pressure that I didn&#039;t even realize I had starts to go away the first day.  The dose is generally only 1 pill a day, which makes things easy to remember.  Often I will have sinus problems after dental work.  I take Levaquin and my sinuses aren&#039;t irritated, don&#039;t swell and my teeth hurt less.  I highly recommend this antibiotic.  The only problems I ever experienced were occasional dry mouth and mild diarrhea on the first day."
"Works wonders with no more than 800 calories a day a lot of water and mild exercise."
"I&#039;ve been on Boniva for 5 years, and my bone density has not improved at all.  I don&#039;t know if it would have been worse without it, but my scores have not improved.  And now I&#039;m beginning to read that you shouldn&#039;t be on Boniva for more than 5 years."
"Took for a bladder infection. Felt better after a day or so, but got extremely nauseated, even taking it with a snack. It also makes me so tired, all I want to do is sleep. I have stopped taking it and it feels like I am getting the same symptoms back. I am allergic to sulfa drugs, and this is what Doctor gave me. "
"Taking Yaz was great. However, I did not know this until I stopped taking it only a month after being on it. My doctor recommended Yaz to help regulate my periods and premenstrual tension syndrome (PMS). It worked with the PMS, but my periods continued to be very light for an entire week and heavy for several days following. This is the reason I stopped taking them. Now I wonder If I made a mistake. The irritability and stress is back, I&#039;m tired, eating uncontrollably and overall I don&#039;t feel well."
"Topamax saved my life! I&#039;m currently on 25 mg and will go up if needed. I woke up every single day from a headache. It literally got to the point where I didn&#039;t want to wake up. The only side effect I had was nausea for about 3 days but it was gone after that. It took about a week to it to start working for me. I haven&#039;t been so happy in my entire life! Headaches controlled my life but not anymore!"
"So I have medical conditions (back and head) that caused me to have hydrocodone, oxycodone, Dilaudid and so on increasing from the accident until now. Wasn&#039;t so bad at first, then I realized I became mega nasty cow without them, and I wasn&#039;t even in pain. I would count my day around when I needed my meds. Finally one day we took the kids to the beach and I forgot my purse (with meds in it) I drove 12 miles home to get it and realized it was ruling my life. Talked to my DR and he prescribed clonidine. I am not going to lie, I was scared, like I&#039;m going to die scared. But I took 2 mg every 4 hours the 1st 2 days and then 1mg the next 4. And I am free!  Granted I had ambien and klonipin for sleep (only for detox). I hope the best for all of you!"
"After 2 days on a low fibre diet, on the 3rd day I mixed this with a small amount of orange squash in the afternoon and kept it in the fridge to chill. I began to drink it a 5pm through a straw, the taste is okay around 7.20pm after drinking water it began to work and boy what a result It felt like a flush of water coming out the other end this lasted until 10.30pm and I went to bed at 11pm no problems slept all night. I had the colonoscopy with gas and air at times it did hurt but keep puffing the gas and air and in no time it was over.  Bowel normal thankfully. You will not be allowed to eat after 9am the day before the morning procedure but drink lucozade it fills you up so you don&#039;t feel hungry. Moviprep fills you up to it was quite a struggle to keep drinking it all."
"Neupro has been a lifesaver, in combination with Mirapex. I just couldn&#039;t get the restless legs syndrome under control with medication, but Neupro immediately took care of all trace of restless legs syndrome.  I am a 60 year old female who has suffered since my teen years."
"I chose liletta because I wanted something that I wouldn&#039;t have to worry about for a long time and don&#039;t trust myself to take the pill at the same time everyday. The insertion was painful but was very quick and the cramping subsided with ibuprofen, I have now been on it for about a year and a half and had some issues. When I got it in initially I bled for about 3 months straight and sometimes still experience random prolonged spotting. I also went to the ER with severe pain in my uterus and had tests done to find absolutely nothing wrong. Have had testing done since then to make sure and still everything looks fine. Other than that it has been pretty good but I don&#039;t feel that it is worth all the worry it has caused me and will be switching"
"Marginally slowed chronic bowel dysfunction.  Bowel movements remain watery and loose."
"Very good!  I was given samples to try instead of the usual generic flexerill I usually take for muscle pain/spasm from severe degeneration in c-spine. This medicine works better and for me had no noticable drowsiness. I can actually feel the release of spasm and loosening of joint pain, unlike the other which leaves me half conscious. Great stuff."
"Taking isotretinoin is the best decision I made to treat my acne. It was only 7 months ago I was helplessly looking through these forums for advice and experiences from ex users of the medicine. Acne was dominating my thoughts, and you become very self conscious. The first 4 months are slow improvements, however in others, by 4 months their acne has cleared. Taking the medicine makes your lips dry, but I advice you cleanse and moisturize everyday, and use a lip balm or pawpaw cream. If you play sports this medicine is perfectly fine. THE BEST ADVICE I have however is not too have caffeine in your diet, this is essential, a good diet is also good, and exercise everyday. I highly, highly recommend taking this medicine, it changed my life."
"My childs grades have suffered more after beginning evekeo and his behavior is so much worse than before. I honestly cannot wait to to see the Dr. again."
"Most notable change is my appetite.  I&#039;ve been athletic my whole life, but gained 40 pounds in one year of from compulsive binge eating.  I thought I was just being a pig, which perpetuated the horrible cycle of depression and anxiety.  Turns out I was just really, really low on seratonin.  The cravings / irrational food addiction went completely away at around 75mgs.  Now I have to make an effort to eat enough to fuel an active lifestyle.  Stress and anxiety and depression subsided gradually.  They&#039;re not completely gone, but they&#039;re manageable now.  Combined with a healthy life style and some intense therapy, I&#039;m able to overcome bouts of anxiety and depression, and those bouts are shorter and less severe.  A tool, not a magic pill."
"This has been a miracle for me. I&#039;ve been on it for two weeks and its already helping. The only thing is I have terr"
"This drug is wonderful. Broke my neck and just had a fusion and this totally killed my spasms. Doesn&#039;t keep me up. I get a lil drowsy which I like as it eases with the tension but i totally reccomend this.  Almost like a soma kinda effect for me"
"Easy method reliable.
Increased back pain, mood swings, no sex drive at all, weight gain and hard to shift even with controlled eating and 5 days gym training. Good for 6 months then constant bleeding. Always tired, early removal and most things have changed for the better but the withdrawal on it (only 1 week) causing depression for no reason even with no history of it before considering 90% of my life is perfect"
"Wanted to share my experience - I did not take this drug Trulicity - my mum did. My mum took this drug for approx. about 6 months and she lost a lot of weight - however, she seemed to get quite a lot of abdominal pain. 1 night she had to home from work - she was in severe pain in her stomach, vomiting and sweating and ended up in A&amp;E. Turns out she had severe acute pancreatitis - she spent nearly 4 months in hospital. She had necrosis of the pancreas and had most of her pancreas removed. She was extremely ill. She died from clots and a stroke in the end. I am convinced this was started from trucility. DO NOT TAKE THE RISK, READ THE INSTRUCTIONS, STOP WHEN YOU GET SIDE EFFECTS! I lost my mum. I don&#039;t want anyone else to go through the same."
"Well it has now been about 18 days since insertion and the spotting comes and goes as it pleases and I&#039;m cranky some days. Some days I don&#039;t bleed at all other days its bright red spotting other days its like a Brown color spotting. Getting frustrated with the a spotting, but my Dr. says its normal and in having more acne than normal. So thats the not so great. Heres the great my sex drive has went up ALOT lol and I have lost about 5 lbs. And my migraines have cut down over half of what I normally get I don&#039;t know if its the liletta or not but its nice not to have migraines every day (been dealing with them for 10 years) So there&#039;s an update on my liletta experiance. Ill post another update in a month or so hopefully with better news lol..."
"Remember the tune from childhood? Stranded, stranded, stranded on the toilet bowl! What do you do when you&#039;re stranded, and got no paper roll?
EFFECTIVE! 
Humour aside, food poisoning is way worse. Make sure you have TP (giggle), a couple of magazines, and fanny wipes."
"I was on Depo for six yrs and recently switched. So far I love this birth control. My skin is so clear and glowing. I have short periods but mild headaches and mood swings. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone because of the minimal side effects. I love that my weight is under control."
"I have never written a review in my life but usually read other reviews for insight. I promised myself that if I&#039;ll find a single product to help my cystic acne - I would post my very first review. I just turned 27, never had acne as a teenager, started getting horrible,huge, cystic acne lumps about three years ago and it kept getting worse, really a nightmare. I was afraid to go to the doctor as they would constantly try to prescribe birth control, which I am very much against. Finally, in May I went to see a dermatologist and she suggested aczone. and warned me that it may not even help my terrible acne and if it does it would only start working after 3 months. She was right about three months, it took exactly 3 months until I started se"
"Took for 2 years. Seemed to help with GAD after a month or so, and was taking in conjunction with alprazolam. VERY expensive med, so I strongly suggest finding a prescription discount card or coupon ($41 was the cheapest I ever paid-WITH my insurance it was $75)!  Do NOT miss a dose or you will get what I call &quot;zilches&quot; (feels like a painless yet bothersome &amp; annoying electrical shock feeling from your shoulders to your fingertips). After I stopped taking it because I just couldn&#039;t afford it, and it didn&#039;t seem to be helping anymore, it took about a month for the &quot;zilches&quot; to go away. Again, they&#039;re not painful, just a very weird feeling. also caused some weight gain. Starting Effexor ER tomorrow, so we&#039;ll see how that goes."
"I had the implant put in about four months ago.  While it&#039;s been nice not having a period and not having to take a pill every day,  I wouldn&#039;t recommend it. My arm never stops itching, which is incredibly annoying after the first few days. I have gained about thirty pounds and a bunch of stretch marks. ... and I developed severe acne- I&#039;ve never had acne before the implant.  The worst side effect is the random pain at the insertion site and the random bruising. While I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, the side effects suck!"
"I have been using this medicine for 5 weeks. I started on 20mg at night. Physical side effects included excessive sleeping, dizziness on waking (lasting about 2 hours), substantially reduced libido, teeth-grinding and no appetite.  Other side-effects were a feeling of &quot;disconnection&quot; from my emotions, forgetfulness and repeating tasks.  So, whilst the medicine alleviated the depression symptoms, it was impacting substantially on other aspects of my life.  HOWEVER, I revisited my GP and requested a reduction.  I am now on 10mg per day.  The difference is phenomenal - I feel hopeful and able to cope, still don&#039;t have an appetite or &quot;normal&quot; libido but can work round those issues! I guess it&#039;s all about finding the CORRECT dosage for YOU."
"I took three doses in a row and started getting migraine vision then the horrible headaches, but that wasn&#039;t all.  I kept getting the vision coming and going for days until every trace of that medicine was out of my system.  My daughter later told me that was the same medicine that she was given and it gave her terrible headaches too.  That will be on my list of allergies from now on."
"I have Breast Cancer that metastasized to both lungs and some lymphnodes, along with lesions on my spine, scapula, and pelvis. With stage 4 status, I&#039;ve been on 4 different chemo drugs in the past, along with an herbal regiment that had me swallowing literally 30 PILLS every day with little to no improvement. I have to admit I wasn&#039;t very hopeful when my oncologist suggested Halaven. It has been hard finding drug therapy that works but I&#039;m happy to report that after being on Halaven for 3 months I&#039;m feeling GREAT! I&#039;m breathing much better and I&#039;m able to do so much more on a day to day basis... My next PET is scheduled for a few weeks from now and for the 1st time in my 3 year battle I&#039;m hopeful for a remission."
"I started toprol back in spring of 2004. I was switched from generic metoprolol, I was on that for borderline hbp. After 4 years on that I developed racing and very irregular heart beats the toprolxl did nothing. they got even worse. My doc took me off saying it was side effects of both drugs. I immediately improved. I still have them but not as bad. No cardiologist has told me what was wrong. I have a really bad back. In 2011 I got an epidural at T4-5 and that completely cured my rapid and irregular heartbeat for 3 years. There are 8 nerves besides the vagas nerve that go to the heart, they are part of the autonomic nervous system. They all come off the spine at C4-5 to T4-5 I have severe stenosis at all those levels."
"I have been very happy with Mirena. It was inserted at my 6 week post-partum appointment. I was nervous but felt nothing. It felt like a pap smear.  I did have spotting for about 6 weeks after. I started a diet program two weeks after insertion, and I have lost 21 lbs in the last 6 weeks, so don&#039;t believe it when people tell you that they gained a whole bunch of weight after insertion. 

I have no complaints, and I would recommend Mirena to anyone."
"I have GAD and mild depression.  I initially had side effects such as insomnia, no appetite, and nausea but they went away after a few days.  This has helped my anxiety tremendously! It is not without side effects though.  If I forget to take it I will get nausea, headaches and dizziness. I did gain weight and some diarrhea but it has had no bad sexual side effects.  I have been taking this for a year now.  I am finding that the depression is now increasing so maybe time for a dosage change. Just keep in mind everyone is different and sometimes the benefits outweigh the effects."
"I had situational depression and was started on 50mg of Zoloft. It helped within a few weeks, but I had some major diarrhea when I started which seemed to start resolving itself, then I was upped to 75 mg and the diarrhea started again. It&#039;s been 10 months in total, and I still have episodes of diarrhea a few times a day for a few days. Then for a day or two I will be fine. I&#039;ve lost about 19 pounds due to the appetite suppression effects and the diarrhea. I&#039;ve also noticed a loss of libido but these are side effects I&#039;m willing to live with as opposed to the depression. I am having my recommended at age 50 for screening purposes colonoscopy soon and am sure the diarrhea is not a cause for concern. We will find out."
"I have been taking Belviq for 39 days and I am down 18 pounds. I am just plain not hungry and when I eat my meals, I am full much faster. I have forced myself not to eat cookies or pastries and after the first week, I have no desire for them at all. I eat kind bars and a banana for lunch (sometimes a low fat cheese stick). if I am hungry,   I may eat my banana midday.  I eat a regular dinner, just smaller amounts and absolutely no fast food.  If I work a long day and I am tired, we will have Subway for dinner.  I hope this continues on the right path for me...fingers crossed."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft since I was 21 and I&#039;m now 31. One day I woke up with intense crying, depression, anxiety , fear of family and friends dying and self harm . My personality is one of a very happy go lucky girl and I refused to live with this nightmare. So my doctor put me on 50mg Zoloft. It took about a month for it to work and I had the tiredness, yawning , feeling completely out of it , to waking up and feeling amazing . I have tried to come off Zoloft throughout the years and man the side affects suck ! Intense anxiety, feels like your brain is exploding and vertigo. If you do decide to come off make sure you&#039;re under the supervision of your doctor. To this day zoloft has helped me and I will be on this for the rest of my life."
"I am a 6 ft guy, weighed in at 241lbs, with hypertension. If I didn&#039;t lose weight I was in need of a new blood pressure medicine and possibly cholesterol medicines. I have taken Belviq 5 days and lost 12 lb with no side effects. Thumbs up to Belviq!"
"I have been on Actiq for over 2 years. I&#039;ve been on the same dose the whole time and I must admit, without it, I would be bed ridden and contorted.
Actiq is a very serious medication that each prescriber/user needs to be educated, responsible and accountable for. 
I truly thank the good Lord for it because my quality of life has improved tremendously, without it my life would be full of pain and agony and I would be just a shell of who I am now. So, Actiq is great, just use with care!"
"Aleve really worked for me with my toe swelling for the gout and  the relief was  very fast for me.  It is Awesome"
"I am almost done with the first pack (I am on the brown pills) and can honestly say I am not sure if I am even going to wait to see if it helps my cramps, which is the whole reason I got on birth control in the first place. I gained 5 pounds in 3 weeks by doing nothing differently. My waist has completely changed. I gained fat on my love handles and I have not been eating or exercising any differently. I went from 116lbs to 121lbs. I have never hit over 120lbs in my life. I was 121lbs waking up so it&#039;s not like I was full from food or something. Also, my breasts are really sensitive. The upside to this birth control is that the pills are chewable. Also, I tried Aviane in the past and all I could do was vomit the first day I took it. No nausea with this."
"Use it for knee pain with gout, arthritis,etc diagnosis with 6 to 12 months flair ups with excellent results"
"I love that Nuvaring is just as effective as the Pill without having to remember it daily. I just put it in and forget about it for three weeks. I have a little more discharge than usual, but it doesn&#039;t really bother me and my doc said it&#039;s normal. My only complaint is that the second day after putting it in I feel nauseated and when I take it out, I get really moody by the third day. Hopefully, my body will adjust and stop doing this."
"I took plan b within 24 hours after unprotected sex. A few weeks later I got side effects that I figured were from the pill, but they were similar to pregnancy symptoms as well. I didn&rsquo;t stress about it much, then when my period was late I figured it was another side effect. 10 days of my period being Iate and  finally took a test, positive. I got pregnant even though I took plan b within the 24 hour span. Maybe I was ovulating too closely. I think this medication does NOT work if you&rsquo;re ovulating or about to ovulate. Keep that in mind."
"23 years old, petite body size. i&#039;ve been using the nuva ring for a little over a month now and so far i really like it. prior to using the nuva ring i was taking birth control pills. not having to remember to take a pill everyday is such a relief! the first time i got my period using the nuva ring it normal. slight cramping but nothing out of the ordinary. my boob size has increased probably a half cup so far. the only down side is that my partner can feel the nuva ring when we have intercourse. intercourse can be uncomfortable for him if the ring is in, so we have to take it out. removing and inserting the nuva ring is very simple. i would recommend this birth control."
"I started Simponi on November last year. I started noticing a rash on my face but I never relate it to the use of the med. Two weeks ago my dermatologist told me I have this weird reaction called mucinosis , which when not treated properly can lead to a lymphoma. I was feeling awesome with simponi so far cause the pain of my RA was gone but now I just don&#039;t want to use it anymore."
"Since I&#039;ve been on the pill, my periods have become extremely regular, HOWEVER, I get worse cramps and bloating than I ever had before.  I&#039;m also extremely moody for about a week before my period.  Otherwise, my experience has been good."
"New packaging sucks!! Have carpal tunnel. 4 surgeries. Always relied on your product for relief.
Now, have to find pair of scissors to open package. No more purchases from this fellow.
Shame, love the stuff. Beats Tylenol and others. Called &quot;disgruntled&quot; because I worked for Feds for 30+ years. &quot;disgruntled federal employee...&quot;
Retired... but still in pain."
"Girls, it really depends on your body type and how you process the hormones intake
I am using yaz, and its my first time of ever using birth controll pills, and when i read the reviews here it made me scared and unsecure . why? Because of all the *NEVER TAKE THIS PILL * * IT DOESNT WORK * * IT IS HORRIBLE*  comments. You never know how it is going to work for someone else ..
in my experience yaz has been great since the beginning :
no cramps , no pms , no headache , no nausea ( use it before you sleep or in a full stomach ) , nothing except for a little bloating in the first week and breast tenderness.
hope it works for you too"
"I fell like kill myself after a week of taking this drug, very depressed, can&#039;t do anything. Stopped yesterday. Wast of money!"
"I&#039;m 30. Never done birth control til this year. I have 3 kids. My last born in April 2015. I like not having to take the pill. Mine was placed quickly. I did kind of hurt. Felt like a stinging pinch that lasted a few seconds. I had it put in in May. I have bled a lot. It&#039;s annoying. I will have a normal period and then have bleeding off and on in between. I&#039;m thinking about getting it removed because of it. It&#039;s hard to have a sex life when you&#039;re always bleeding. That&#039;s really my only complaint about it. They said it would stop 4 months into it. If it persists I&#039;m going to try other options."
"I was dreading this, but I have to say it was not as bad as I was expecting. Your doc will probably give you a tip list...read it! Use COLD water, crystal light (I used the lemonade flavor), a straw, and hold your nose. Then suck on a lemon or lime. I am a pretty healthy eater and followed directions regarding foods to watch/eliminate in rather days prior to this. I think this helped tremendously! I ate a light dinner the night before prep started as well. The Suprep started to work in about an hour, and lasted about 2 hours. I was able to get some sleep, but had to get up at 3AM for round 2 as I had a 730 arrival.  I had no issues/side effects."
"Trouble sleeping,stomach pain,headache,constipation,fever,"
"The first relief in twelve years...truly a wonder drug."
"51 years old. This last week marked my 1st year in 36 years as a smoke free year. Still taking Chantix. Scared to stop but no side effects. Ok I felt  nauseous for a min or 2 once or twice a week but I did used to stick an ash tray in my mouth so I will pay that price. Anyways if it works for you and you still think you need to take it that&#039;s ok.   This is what works for me. Just putting it out there."
"This is a real good medicine. It controls my blood pressure and I like the way it works."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon now, for almost 5 years. I have gotten it changed out at my 3 year mark. 
The insertion process is similar to an IV getting put in. The second time, piece of cake; a pinch. After the insertion, the first time, it was swollen and sore for 2 weeks, but thats normal, your body needs to get used to it.  Second time, it healed in a week. It was inserted in the exact same spot one was taken out from.
Since being on this, the first year, periods were sporadic but normal, then they waned off; the last few months before I changed my implant, I had light spotting for a few days and then after I changed it no periods at all. I have had no pregnancies, mood swings or weight gain. No hormonal changes via sex drive or breakouts. I love it."
"I have been on Mirena for 3 months now and it is amazing. I am 23 years old and have not had a child so the insertion was pretty painful. I had a lot of cramping after but nothing that some Aleve couldn&#039;t handle. Since then my periods have gotten significantly lighter. I have not experienced any difference with my weight (but I am hoping it will make me lose some). I have been on the pill and then the ring. Mirena is the best birth control I have experienced yet."
"This medicine is not any good for Fibromyalga, I take 750mg 6 pills a day. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this medicine for fibromyalga....."
"My six year old son has been on Intuniv for 6 months. He has had an improvement in mood, attention and hyperactivity. However, he is tired in the afternoons and it is hard for him not to fall asleep due to how drowsy he is. "
"This medication is the best. I have lost 12lbs in a week and a half. I have to make myself eat at times and as a working mother of five I have no time to hit the gym. I would recommend this to anyone who needs that extra help to loss weight. I hope to loss 20 more lbs and I am very hopeful."
"I have been on Portia off and on for the past few years. My pharmacy kept telling me that Levora was the same which seemed pretty true. I have NO PERIOD. I thought something was wrong with me but nope, I got all checked out by a OB and the pill just causes me to not bleed which is fine by me, I do however get sore breast every month when it should be my period and I have slight mood swings. Overall I think it&#039;s a good pill."
"I have taken this medication before for UTI, with no symptoms. This time around I did notice some fatigue and nausea, as well as my urine being very dark in color . The benefit outweighs the side effects, after the second pill I could finally pee without biting down on a towel! I would take this medication again."
"I have been on Belviq six months and was 229 pounds. Now I am 192 pounds, lower blood pressure and bad cholesterol. Side effects early I was a little tired and headache. My will power and confidence are up 100% and my cigarette consumption is down 65% from two packs. My cravings for food and cigs are pretty mellow and I believe I will quit sooner then later. This way to easy and yes I do ride my bike daily."
"I&#039;m not actually bipolar-I take it as an add-on to and SSRI for OCD, General Anxiety Disorder, and depression, but that wasn&#039;t in the categories offered. It works wonderful for this for me. My OCD is very much under control taking this in conjunction with Prozac-there are so many things I just could not do and was so afraid of because of the OCD before getting on Prozac and I could do even more after adding Risperdal to it. I take 2 mgs, but I usually take it a few hours before bedtime because it does make me drowsy. I haven&#039;t gained weight from it and really haven&#039;t had any side effects."
"The Medrol injection cleared up my sinus problem, but I had extreme headache, heart racing, flushed skin, bruises, sweating; all the side-effects.  And now my heal hurts so bad it is hard to walk. "
"I take 25 to 50 mg at night to help me sleep. It knocks me out and keeps me sleeping. I switched to this after other sleeping pills didn&#039;t help, I&#039;d always wake up 3 hours later wide awake which annoyed me. 

I do feel groggy in the morning but I&#039;d rather be groggy than not sleeping at all."
"I felt like I was going to die and kept passing out.
Lost my job, my activities ended and I was a complete mess Dec 2014 my first time suffering from this after being hospitalized because I didnt know what was wrong after numerous Drs and medications. Lexapro was prescribed and after 2 weeks I felt a difference after 3 months, I was back on my feet after 6 months, I was driving and caring, again after 1 year I can work again."
"I have struggled with birth control since I was 15. I get severe migraines with birth control, and I also would suffer from acne, as well as mood swings. I was really nervous about getting skyla but it has been the best birth control experience I have ever had! NO MIGRAINES! the insertion pain lasted a couple hours and I bled for about a week after really lightly. In the first two weeks I also had some minor mood swings but nothing compared to how I felt on the pill. My periods are so light I just need a panty liner for about three days and then its over. I have noticed a decrease in my sex drive for about a two weeks after but not anything that I couldn&#039;t deal with. The only flaw is that I get random painful cramps that last about 20 mins."
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for a month started my second month, and almost finished with week one. So far my cramps have still been horrible, and my acne has worsen since I&#039;ve been on the pill. Hoping for changes the third month!"
"Truly a God send.  You don&#039;t feel like you&#039;ve run a marathon all night. Other comments are true about running out of a prescription, or not taking it for a few days.  You can tell!  I just have one question --- if it feels like you&#039;ve run a marathon all night, how come you don&#039;t wake up skinnier?"
"I&#039;ve been on entresto for two months and my heart has become extremely worse.  My kidney has also deteriorated rapidly. I&#039;ve lost a lot of weight,  decreased appetite and decreased energy . I&#039;m not going to say this medication is garbage because I&#039;m sure for others it may have helped them but for me it has not.  My doctor has taken me off of entresto today and I have to go back on my old medication in 36 hours. I&#039;m hoping life goes back to normal before I started the use of this medication."
"It works amazingly for my skin. Saved my life. While Pro-active dried the crap out of my face, a few months down the line Benzaclin saved the day! I had absolutely no breakouts. Wonderful medication, cannot say enough about it."
"Finally I found a depression/anxiety medicine that has the least amount of side effects. Tried Elavil, Prozac, Desyrel, Paxil and citalopram (Celaxa) which is very similar to Lexapro but the Celaxa made me sweat when I was not hot, jaw tension, insomnia and hypertension. I think Escitalopram (Lexapro) is the best SSRI out there. I give it a 9 on the scale."
"The Seroquel makes me feel like I&#039;m dreaming. I kind of feel like I&#039;m losing my sense of reality. The dreams/nightmares I have seem lucid like I can&#039;t tell the difference between  what I dreamt and what really happened. It is just completely changing my personality. I don&#039;t feel like myself anymore."
"I was prescribed Bydureon about 4 months ago when my insurance stopped paying for Byetta. I had been on Byetta for 13 years and it was working well for me. I finally stopped taking Bydureon 3 weeks ago. I was sick the entire time. I did not relate it to Bydureon at first. I was aware my blood sugar was 300-400 while taking Bydureon. I then realized it was because I was originally taking Byetta and Bydureon reacts to the Byetta that is left in the system. My blood sugar never came down much while taking Bydureon. I had a headache constantly, stomach ache, diarrhea, upper respiratory infection, sinus drainage, joint pain, leg pain, feet hurt, my stomach felt full or stuffed all the time. And, my blood sugar remained high."
"It worked extremely well for me. It lowers my blood sugar level fast. My doctor changed me to Janumet and Starlix and they are not doing the job. I am going to request that I return to Glucotrol."
"It&#039;s helped my blood pressure greatly (at times I went to the ER with it above 180) and I am under 35 years. 

The only problem is that it caused a lot of mid-section weight gain. The doctor said this was normal. But, with a history of an eating disorder, the rapid gain in this section can be emotionally trying (I now eat a healthy diet and exercise yet the weight still came on). I am also very fatigued throughout the day. Doctor says sometimes that may lesson with taking them (on them for 6 months). But, with a child and work and all else this kind of fatigue is hard to deal with.
GREAT for it&#039;s purpose, but side effects could be to much for some."
"I&#039;m 25 years old and have been depressed for the past few years. The first medication I tried was fluoxetine, which did absolutely nothing for me. When the dosage was increased from 20 to 40mg I had extreme itchiness of the skin all over my body at night and didn&#039;t sleep for a week. About 6 months ago I was put on venlafaxine at 150mg a day after a suicide attempt. It really helped a lot and I felt a lot more balanced. The effects were fairly slow to come on and it did suppress the libido and make it almost impossible to have an orgasm. After a few months the medicine seemed to wear off and I don&#039;t really feel much different now I&#039;m not on any medication. Having said that, I would definitely recommend it as it got me out of a very dark place."
"Listen this may put some minds at ease but if there is anything I have learned.. It&#039;s use condoms and get on the goddam pill as backup. Anyway I had to share my experience with &quot;Aftera&quot; which I guess is basically the same as plan B one step. I had sex June 12 with my partner. He pulled out but I started freaking out when I looked at my period tracker and realized that day was my most fertile day. Within 2 hours I went to the store... All the had was Aftera so I bought that. The next 2 weeks I had pregnancy symptoms. Nausea , head/back aches.. Fatigue, weight gain, cramps, and very TEnder boo sand nipples. I was nervous it wouldn&#039;t work since I am 340lbs. Severely over the weight limit.. But I finally got my period 3 days late. good luck all"
"My doctor gave me a trial pack of Belsomra 15 mg about 2 months ago. It worked wonderfully. I am now in my second 30 pack of Belsomra 15 mg. It has given me my life back. Now, I sleep like a regular person and wake up feeling refreshed. I track my sleep using the Microsoft Band and have found that I get enough &quot;restful&quot; (I&#039;m assuming this means REM), sleep every night. I want to note that Merck did not want to offer the very low doses of Belsomra as the medication does not work well if you take under 10 mg. My current dosage of 15 mg works great and I don&#039;t wake up groggy. I consider Belsomra a true revolution in sleep medicines. By the way, Merck subsidizes the cost of Belsomra for the first year. Look for the coupon."
"After regularly seeing a cognitive-behavior psychologist, who helped me so much, I decided that although my anxiety was significantly reduced, and I was beginning to feel and act like a normal human being, I felt I would benefit even more if I took medication in addition to therapy. Although I was getting far fewer panic attacks than when I had started therapy, I still got them occasionally. I wanted to prevent them permanently, and take the edge off generally. My psychiatrist, and my dad who is also a psychiatrist, recommended Lexapro. Lexapro is the first and only anti-depressant I&#039;ve ever taken, and I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll ever switch! I am the happiest I&#039;ve ever been. Lexapro and therapy have helped me begin to love and respect myself. 10/10"
"I have Juvenile Rheumatoid arthritis in my back, wrists, and knee. I take Meloxicam 15 mg and it works great... For my back and knees only. When my arthritis flares up in my wrists it&#039;s unbearable. Almost like the medicine does nothing."
"My husband was given this medicine for  opiate addiction after back surgery. He took opioids for years, and went into rehab to get off pain meds. They gave him suboxone. He was only supposed to take it for about a month, but the Dr kept giving it to him for overs year and a half. He became just as easily addicted to Suboxone as he did the opiates, and then went through terrible withdrawal.  He should have been admitted for rehab , but with the help of a psychiatrist, his willpower, and myself, his wife, we managed. DO NOT EVER let your loved one take this medicine. It will keep the addiction in process. It won&#039;t make it better, it will give them something else to be addicted to."
"My 17 month old was put on this antibiotic for a double ear infection. Infection was clear by day 5 but my son was allergic and broke out into a horrible rash all over his body."
"I was prescribed Bactrim and felt worse right away. After reading the side effects, I told myself that what I was feeling was normal. I took the prescribed dosage (2 per day) for 5 days, feeling even worst on the 5th day - shaky, diarrhea, headache, nervousness, unable to sleep. Then after some research, I discovered that there also were interaction side effects with my blood pressure medications. "
"I was suffering with nausea caused by panic disorder, anxiety, and depression, my physician prescribed me zofran at first, but I did not like the side effect of major constipation. Thus I told my doctor &quot;is there any other MEDs for nausea&quot;, he prescribed me phenergan and it&#039;s a miracle drug. My nausea is now barely present."
"I have taken Lutera for about a year now. Maybe more. I do like this pill because my periods are lighter than what would be natural for me. Also it doesn&#039;t seem to affect my moods at all. In fact I think I am more mentally sound on this pill than any other I have tried or even not taking birth control at all. HOWEVER, I have next to no sex drive. Maybe that&#039;s why it has worked so well. I gain a little water weight as well throughout the duration of my pill pack but lose it while on my period. My skin is pretty good too. I have tried Yaz and Microgestin (caused me to have heart palpitations daily and depression), and I HATED them. So I would recommend this pill. "
"Taking 150mg three times a day for herniated lumbar disc."
"Used Testim for 30 days worked well.  Total testosterone increased from 298 to 631, with 5G.  My family could not stand the smell of Testim.  The smell was so poor I wouldn&#039;t apply if I was going out in public. Testim would remain very sticky for an extended time.  Would have to keep pulling my shirt off my stuck skin throughout the day.  "
"I took one starter dose of Contrave a few days ago. I had researched and read hundreds of reviews before taking it and none of them prepared me for how horrible I have felt for the past few days. I made sure to eat before I took it as advised by my doctor and pharmacist. About 30 minutes after taking it, I started feeling the dizziness and nausea. The side effects worsened throughout the day and I thought I was going to throw up several times. The nausea was worse than my worst hangover. The migraine and dizziness were also worse than any flu or anything I&#039;d ever had before. I will never take that again. True, I hardly have eaten anything for the last 3 days, but not worth the side effects, or the $90 I paid to take one pill."
"I tried a sample of Linzess 154mg for chronic constipation/ tortuous colon/ IBS-C
I was told it might take 4 days to work. I took it 1 hour before breakfast and 2-3 hours later I was cleaned out. It was gentle (not urgent) no cramps. However the thirst and head ache from dehydration lasted ALL day. Toward the end of the day I couldn&#039;t get enough water and I couldn&#039;t physically drink anymore water. Living in hot humid weather did not help. I wish the dose was smaller. 
I can deal with a little bit of thirst but I could not stay hydrated on this medication and it did not improve my quality of life. I may try taking in the early evening so I can sleep through the 8 hours of dehydration and see if that is tolerable but can&#039;t take this daily."
"I&#039;ve had it in for 8 months now and only get my light spotting when stressed. I love the convince of no pill and one hormone. I have gain 5 pounds (I&#039;m less active) and have a lower sex drive but its not that bad. I just find myself to tired to do anything."
"As a 16 year old junior in highschool, I never seemed to really notice how much I didn&#039;t pay attention to things that didn&#039;t interest me. As my family and friends have been saying how important getting good grades in junior year is, I thought deeply about it and found out that maybe I just don&#039;t care. Although it wasn&#039;t that, I really do care, but I just never wanted to sit down and do the homework. Because it&#039;s not interesting, even though I know how important it is. I eventually brought this to my mothers attention and she even noticed it for awhile, that maybe I have ADD. Eventually we went to a special Dr, he concluded I have mild/moderate ADD, started me on 15mg last month, didn&#039;t last all school day, and today i just picked up my 25mg"
"This is an excellent place for Chantix questions, comments and to talk about smoke cessation.  Please join!"
"Ive been on nexplanon for about 7 months now after being on the depo shot for 4 years. The application of the nexplanon was easy and fairly painless. The biggest issue I have with nexplanon is the bleeding I&#039;ve been having for 6 out of the 7 months on this. And I&#039;m not talking spotting, I mean bleeding moderately heavy everyday for 6 months. Finally after I couldn&#039;t take it anymore I went to my doctor and she gave me a second birth control, the patch in hopes of stopping the bleeding from the extra estrogen and it worked!!! Ive been using the patch for a month now and I havent bled at all. I will probably stay on this for a while and eventually go back to the shot."
"I am reading other users comments because today is the day I have my first Mirena taken out and intending to have a replacement put in immediately. (Hoping it won&#039;t be as painful as the first time in Aug 2004 - although this time I might take painkillers before, as some others have reported doing). Of interest to me was the report by some that symptoms started to creep in as the end of the 5 years approached.  I have had significant weight gain over the last year or so but put it down to a more sedentary job, eating out and more regularly drinking wine. I also suffer with clinical depression. Now wondering if both are related to the looming expiry date?"
"Inderal brought my heart rate down from 180 to 65 within 24 hours. I&#039;ve been on it for 2 weeks, had no side effects, and feel much improved."
"I need to mention this....
DO NOT TAKE WITH MINERAL WATER!"
"This is an ungodly expensive worthless medicine ( $2,000 a month) which gave me head splitting headaches (never had any before using this terrible drug)- As soon as I stopped it, the head pain went away-- I suspect my podiatrist is getting kickbacks.  He couldn&#039;t wait to get me on this junk &amp; they even immediately mailed it to my house with no co pay... It has a dismally low l cure rate &amp; I cannot understand why this nasty ineffective drug got FDA approval--"
"I have been taking Zoloft (100mg) per day for a couple of years now. I have tried to come off them once with a complete relapse into depression. Nearly a year later and on doctors advice I am to try Allegron, but first I have to stay off Zoloft for 4 days before I start the Allegron. Apparently it can take up to two weeks for the Allegron to kick in. I am only 3 days into my detox from Zoloft and I feel terrible. I&#039;m not sure I can make it another two weeks!
Does anyone else on this site go down hill so quickly from Zoloft? "
"Have used it off and on for 2 years now. It works wonderfully, and improvement is usually shown immediately. However, it affects my blood sugar immensely and I usually have to quit taking it. If I don&#039;t eat constantly I get very sick and shaky because of low blood sugar and because I have to eat constantly I gain weight. The medicine itself works great, it would just be nice to not have to sacrifice feeling well physically for mentally."
"I have not been able to stop drinking for more then three days at most in the last three years, but since taking Campral two months ago I have not had a drop."
"I&#039;m on day 10  taking the pylera capsules. I&#039;m counting down till tonight when I finish all the meds. My experience was having mood swings and not liking to take the capsules didn&#039;t like how I was feeling. I&#039;m hoping this nightmare is almost over with."
"#2 .... It cut me off....I have been in recovery for 2 years. So it has been 2 years since I have felt this but I would never forget this feeling and this DRUG is not worth taking for me. I would never recommend this to anyone.   This is highly addictive and they should be working on finding something more effective without all the side effects. But I&#039;m sure the government like getting their money from the people after they get addicted to this.    Do yourself a favor do not take this medicine"
"Had severe sweating in my armpits beginning when I started to go through puberty, my parents and doctor both told me that as I got older, this problem would go away. It didn&#039;t, and as a result I started using Drysol. I know you probably have seen these two words a lot on this website but the product really is &#039;life changing&#039;.
Great product."
"My cough was worse after taking these, dry continuous cough after taking them.OTC was much better. Waste of time and money."
"I have the worst headache I have ever had. The taste in my mouth is awful and I&#039;m dizzy. Overall the medicine works wonders, but the taste of the pill is terrible."
"I was first prescribed Adderall XR 15mg in 2009. I was so fatigued that I was falling asleep driving to work. This medication helped immediately; I took it first thing in the morning, and it would give me a burst of energy. All of a sudden I was able to focus, and I stayed calm and rational amidst the craziest chaos at work. I absolutely loved the way I was when I took Adderall. I always took a break from it on weekends to prevent my body from building a tolerance too soon. That it would happen I had no doubt about; but I wanted to enjoy it as long as possible. (If you know the movie &quot;Limitless&quot;, then you know what I&#039;m talking about).  I was still me, just better. Alas, I had to up my dosage to get the same effect. Now at 60mg."
"Been on it four weeks. Like the option to skip a menstrual cycle. My experience so,far is good. I decided to skip my cycle last week just to see how it would feel. Didn&#039;t miss it one bit. Love that option. Didn&#039;t miss the maxi pads or the mess a cycle can leave in my underwear.  I have an increased sex drive too.  Think, I might even skip my cycle during the summer unless my GYN decides things need to come out after my ordeal three weeks ago."
"I have been on celexa for 10 years now.  It was no longer working for me.  My doctor cut my celexa dose in half and had me take 5mg of Brintellix.  I read all the reviews on here and was hopeful.  Many talked about nausea, so when I experienced nausea after 20mins of taking the meds, I thought it was normal.  A half hour later, I was on my way to work with my kids, I threw up all over myself in the car.  I highly recommend trying this drug for the first time on a weekend. Didn&#039;t work for me :("
"I have been taking this BC for over 3 years now. When I first took it, I didn&#039;t have my period for 2 months, and then I had it for 2 months straight. Since then, I have had my period every two weeks for the last 3 years. On the plus side my periods have been light. I just got the new one installed in my arm 3 weeks ago, and I am not as pleasant as I normally am. I haven&#039;t gotten my period yet. Just a little light light spotting. I actually didn&#039;t want to take it again, but I was rushed to get on a new birth control."
"Within 3 days acne pustules and swollen skin had reduced and not painful in my entire chin/jaw area.
Its a bit drying and skin feels &#039;tight&#039; but that&#039;s easy to handle with applying extra moisturizer.
  I&#039;ve been an esthetician for 20 years so when adult acne showed up I tried everything spa treatment wise but after 2 years of the pain, discolouration, constant break outs this is what my GP prescribed - I&#039;m so thankful!"
"I got diagnosed with Narcolepsy about a month ago. I got prescribed Nuvigil and took it for two weeks straight. The medicine had some side effects like headaches, but soon my body got use to the medicine. I&#039;m a college student so it&#039;s crucial that I stay awake when I&#039;m in class, and Nuvigil helps me do that. Its effects slowly begin to work so I have to take it early in the morning."
"I was given levaquin for a sinus infection and bronchitis.  After first dose the sinus pressure was gone and after the third dose the chest congestion was breaking up.  I am on the fourth day now and feel much better than I did five days ago.  I was also told to take Musenex.  Next time I wont wait two weeks before going to the doctor.  The only side effect I have is the itching all over, but that is much better than not being able to breath."
"I&#039;m 20 and have a combination of anxiety, mild depression, and TMJ pain. For anxiety I tried Zoloft, Xanax, Klonopin, etc. Zoloft did nothing, and while the others worked, I couldn&#039;t use them long term. Tramadol is the miracle, road-runner medication. It covers all of my conditions and covers them great. It eases my jaw pain for 4-5 hrs and my mood/anxiety is pretty much nonexistant. I also have 0 side effects and don&#039;t find it addictive. Tramadol gave me my life back and will continue to! 10 star medication!"
"It makes my eyes twitch"
"I have taken this medication tons of times and every time without side effects. It is the only thing I can take to take care of my UTIs.
I took it off and on in the past for UTIs due to having 4 urether instead of two. Then I had to take it for 9 months while I was pregnant (one a day for prevention), never had a problem. 
Now years later, Just had a hysterectomy and had a UTI again. Asked for macrobid and within two days the pain is gone and I am getting better. Couldn&#039;t live without this medicine. I don&#039;t know what these people are talking about."
"Using this med as a last resort.  With all the other blood thinners I had the reaction of extrame muscle and joint pain.  The med doesn&#039;t do that, but it does make me quite fatigued. I am now using Mondofinial to relieve the fatigue and it works fairly well.  Overall my life is fairly balanced, but wish there wasn&#039;t;t quite so much fatigue"
"I have been undetectable for a long time."
"I&#039;m a 21 year-old guy from Australia, have been addicted to codeine since I was 18. Six-months ago I was taking nearly a gram of codeine a day, my health was deteriorating rapidly, and I was very sick. My life was falling apart. Methadone has given me my life back, made me a normal person and able to contribute to society."
"I have dealt with chronic constipation and IBS for years and nothing has worked. I have been prescribed Miralax and used laxatives that leave me nauseated and major stomach cramps. I usually go 2-3 weeks without a bowel movement and my Dr. didn&#039;t seem concerned. When I was finally able to have a bowel movement I had to miss work because I became extremely nauseated and had major stomach cramps. I finally talked my Dr. into prescribing Linzess and I took it for the first time yesterday morning 30 minutes before eating. It took about 2 hours to work and I had warning with my stomach cramping a little but nothing major. I went to the bathroom 3 times and although it was loose stools it was a nice relief. No nausea and no horrible side effects."
"I have taken Flexeril for over 6 years on and off. Using Flexeril for chronic pain due to a fall and a spinal birth abnormality. I cannot take most pain pills. I&#039;m allergic to aspirin. I find that when the pain is so bad that I cannot sleep, Flexeril allows me a good night sleep, in turn I am less agitated. Making me better able to cope with the pain on my own. It has been a life saver for me."
"I have been on Nexplanon since June 2013. I bleed two to three weeks every month and have became extremely emotional and hormonal. My boyfriend wants me to get it removed and I am honestly thinking about it."
"My mother has been treated with the Exelon (patch) for two years now. Last month she was changed to Namenda. She has become irritable, aggressive/depressed and more confused than before. We are asking the doctor to switch back to Exelon."
"I just started these pills last month I had a period for 5 days and then 2 days later I experienced heavy bleeding. This pill has been causing me to feel nauseated and having severe stomach pains. I do not recommended this prescription to anyone."
"I got bitten by a tick while training for a 100 miler endurance race. I developed the bulls eye textbook version of the rash within a week of the bite. I was placed on Doxy immediately. The first week was tough. It was hard getting out of bed since I felt very exhausted; I gained a whole lot of weight. After a month of taking Doxy, I started &#039;feeling better&#039;. I have energy and although running is harder than ever, I am doing a lot more than when I first begin this medication. One thing I have battled is yeast infections throughout this month. I have one more month to go and I will update this thread."
"Where to begin...I have had cold sores for life. All year round, at least a few each month. Parents told me I have suffered from them when I was only 10 days old. They took me multiple times to emerge due the overwhelming appearance that you can imagine on an infant face. Growing up it never got easier. I had multiple blistering cold sores all around my mouth and also all around my nose even in my nose. There are many things that would trigger it such as stress, fever, dehydration. My skin was very sensitive to the point that when the dentist used to stretch my mouth to clean it I would get it. I have tried everything possible and only Valtrex worked for me. Now when I get it, it&#039;s once in a blue moon (when I&#039;m dehydrated)."
"I&#039;m 30 and from the UK. I&#039;m pretty fit and healthy but I have had episodes of anxiety related erectile dysfunction for most of my adult life. I could get hard easily enough, but I would lose my erection either before sex or during.
I&#039;ve been seeing this new girl for a couple of months now - who I am really starting to fall for - and it had been getting worse so I decided to take some action and went to see my GP. 
All the blood tests came back normal, so the doctor diagnosed anxiety as the cause.
She prescribed me 10mg of Cialis. Last night was the first night I used it and I am so happy I went and saw someone about it. My erection felt so much fuller and harder, and I had the confidence to know it wasn&#039;t going away any time soon. Plus an added bonus was how it made me last longer too! I was side effect free during the sex, however I started to get a headache through the night and the following day. A small price to pay for a rejuvenated sex life. Fingers crossed things can continue in this direction."
"I am 20 years old. A few months ago I was diagnosed with PCOS, before I knew I had it I noticed that I couldn&#039;t loose any weight no matter how hard I tried. My doctor prescribed me Metformin and Spironolactone. When I first started the meds, I was vomiting a lot and diarrhea but I did see changes in my body, I started feeling lighter and I was loosing weight within a month. I&#039;m in college so it was hard for me getting those side effects at school so I stopped it for a time. Now I started using it again because I want to loose weight hopefully it keeps working. Btw besides helping with weight metformin helps make you fertile. So if your not planning on having kids now, you should be on birth control too."
"Totally took away all my pain after surgery, and all my other pain such as back pain. Also have fibromyalgia. On a scale of 1 - 10 I was almost at a 10, after taking medication, my pain level went down to a 2!"
"I have been taking this (10mg) for just over a week and the results are amazing......I take it a couple of hours before bed (8ish) and wake up no problem at 7am the next day. It has really helped with my sleep (I use a tracker) and my fibro pain is now pretty much non existent. I was worried about becoming addicted to co-codamol I&#039;d been prescribed......I haven&#039;t needed any co-codamol since I started taking amitriptyline! I still get brain fog and all my other symptoms and where I used pain as an alarm to stop, I now don&#039;t have that reminder, so have to make sure I continue with my previous rest periods, which for me includes a sleep between 11am and 1pm."
"This is the worst birth control I&#039;ve ever taken. I have been on it for a few months now and it&#039;s making me miserable. Depression, constant aches and pains, bloating, decrease in sex drive, and yeast infections are most of my symptoms. Do not take this. I am going to quit taking birth control all together if I cannot replace this one because I would rather have awful periods than deal with all of these side effects."
"Scalp psoriasis spread uncontrolled for over 2 years, it was unbearable!  Less than a week on this medication, and it&#039;s almost completely cleared up.  The price is high, but the results are worth it.

No negative side effects."
"I tried Nucynta but had too many side effects on it.  First of all, I had terrible nightmares on it and secondly it made me terribly constipated.  I could not poop at all on Nucynta and didn&#039;t poop until 3 days after stopping taking the medication."
"I am a 46-year-old woman that suffers from severe allergies and severe asthma since I was 12. I have been take the generic singular forever. It does nothing for me. I only take because both my pcp and pulmonologist insist I take it.  
            I am miserable everyday. I still have to take a generic form on actives to get any relief. None of the others help either . Zyrtec, Allegera, and Claritan are worthless for me too.
I am happy for anyone this drug helps. It is worthless to me.:-("
"An emergency room doctor prescribed Lomotil for some severe diarrhea that I had been experiencing for days.  Was very dehydrated.  They gave me one orally while I was in the E.R., and my diarrhea stopped so quickly that I was unable to provide them with a stool sample. Lomotil is unreal. It works so incredibly quickly to calm the spasming intestines -- I&#039;m talking a matter of a couple of minutes! "
"55 year old male. I&#039;ve always led a vigorous lifestyle of skiing, biking, kayaking. In the last several years I have had 4 broken ribs, and then earlier this year I broke my right clavicle and then left femur from a fall from a latter. I don&#039;t know if its working or not ( No follow up screening yet). My initial T score was -3.9 in the lower lumbar region with various values to -2.9. I have experienced bruising at the injection site, skeletal pain, various stomach issues including constipation, diarrhea, but the latest and worse side affect is a ridged pain in my stomach wall."
"I was diagnosed to chronic hypertension and POTS at age 15, after trying a few different beta blockers I was put on 10 mg and generally maintain a 110/70 BP. I&#039;ve been on Bystolic for 7 years and would highly recommend it."
"Got diagnosed 2005. I was  20. Started Complera 2014. CD 4 was 540, VL 75,000. Never Got sick or had OI&#039;s. Complera works fine, CD 4 now 942, VL undectatable ! Side effects# Gas , Foul smelling, constant and insomnia ! No rapid weight Gain"
"1/3/16.  Was told had cancer bottom of kidney and it got large Dr. Said and is pressing into spine.  Was on voltrient about 2 1/2 months and scan showed tumor size had not changed. After taking voltrient about 5 months I got very sick and could not eat or drink about 10 days. Did lot of vomiting.  Stomach hurt for many days.  Need to ask Dr if I should get back on it (mass must shrink a lot Dr says before they would consider surgery). This has been very scary as mass pressing and causing tightness twisting of left leg but I&#039;m doing lot of praying for self and all cancer patients. We desperately need cures. I get scans Jan 16. "
"I had been having bad breakouts for about a year but after 2 months on doxycycline my skin was completely clear! i took it for 6 months. although the side effects were not good. i had been having bad headaches for about 5 moths (same timeframe as i had been taking doxycycline for) and finally went to the doctor to find out if doxycycline had affected the fluid in my brain causing swelling of the optic nerve. I was told this was a very very rare side effect of the doxycycline. did wonders for my skin tho!"
"Celexa was working for me the first month or 2. Now I am back crying and hating myself again everyday. I&#039;m currently on 40 mg which is no longer working for me. I guess I need something better and stronger."
"The main issue I had with this is the side effects. It caused my hands and feet to tingle and feel numb for hours on end. It made me drowsy and extremely moody due to it. I&#039;m not sure if it really worked because after two weeks I stopped taking Topamax because the side effects were so intense."
"I went to the Dr. on Wednesday for severe asthma and he put me on Symbicort along with a 10 day dose of Prednisone. I can tell you that Thursday I used my Ventolin inhaler only once where I had been using the Ventolin 10-12 times a day. I woke up Friday morning not wheezing. This is the first time I can ever remember not wheezing and short of breath in the morning. After 2 puffs of Symbicort Friday morning, I am clear as a bell this afternoon. This stuff is amazing and I feel read to start running again."
"I am 22 years old and have never had a problem with asthma until here in the past year. I was very active, ran, and played multiple sports, but that all came to a halt when my asthma symptoms began. My doctor put me on Advair. It has been a blessing. I can now run for miles and not have any problems breathing. I can enjoy life again. The only downfall to this medicine is dry mouth, but rinsing after each dose will reduce the dry mouth significantly."
"awful leg pain, vaginal burning like on fire, back pain, pounding heart, dry cough, stomach pain and diarrhea"
"I regret taking this. They will tell you that more progesterone isn&#039;t a bad thing, and then you&#039;ll get all the info on side effects from Makena. It increases the risk of every pregnancy complication except preterm labor. I&#039;ve dealt with no complications except preterm birth in my first two pregnancies. On Makena, it&#039;s been a ride with painful injections, site reactions, fetal arrhythmia, gestational diabetes, low fluid, and I have felt like a crazy person. I was not informed, and I&#039;d take my perfectly healthy 36 week pregnancy over this one any day."
"I am entering my 6th month with Forteo will be taking a bone density test next week 11/7/16 and then I can gauge any bone improvement.  I am to have two surgeries Cervical #6 is too close to my spine and could cause nerve damage when they do a ten hour surgery on my lumbar with screws and a rod.  I AM SCARED TO DEATH but I know it has to be repaired or I will be walking around like my cat &quot;on all fours&quot;  I was horrified to discover I have scoliosis and my spine is leaning to the right.  

5+ months on Forteo voice is now choppy and harder breathing. BoneDensity -1.5 I have now discovered that my left hand has extreme osteo issues, calluses growing in my bone marrow can cause fractures.
ANY ADVICE IS WELCOME"
"HORRIBLE!   Caused numbness and tingling in feet, then below knees. 2 years later numbness started going to up higher. Now I can no longer stand or walk. Many, many test done and no diagnosis.  I was on 7mg. at one point in my life. I have tapered slowly down to 2mg. but still can not walk. Has this happened to anyone else?"
"I have been on Ocella for about 2 months now. I originally was on Zarrah and had the BEST skin - my light acne cleared up within the first 2 weeks &amp; remained absolutely flawless for almost 2 years. I ended up having a 2 week period - nightmare, I know. I went to my Gyno who had then switched me to Ocella. I explained to her that I loved the way Zarrah effected my skin &amp; didn&#039;t want to breakout on a new form of Birth Control. I&#039;m almost finished with month 2 and have been breaking out with white heads all over my forehead, along with a few painful zits around my face. I use Clarisonic every morning/night and eat healthy/workout. My moods are great and I lost a few pounds, but I may not continue Ocella for this reason...remaining optimistic!!"
"I have been using Sronyx for just about 3 months now and I am definitely not too fond of it. It makes me extremely moody. I get mad easily and at times I feel like I just want to cry for just about anything. Because of this, it messed up my relationship quite a bit and I have absolutely no desire to keep taking it. I&#039;m going to keep at it for a little while longer to see if I get any better and to see if the side effects go away."
"I just started Gilenya through a research study (or I couldn&#039;t afford it) a week ago. I had minor flu like symptoms the first 72 hours and then increased energy the past several days. I have experienced hot flashes at night sometimes. I have never been on any meds since being tested for Multiple Sclerosis in 2005. I am thankful I don&#039;t have to take the injections. Tired and oddly depressed today. Hoping that goes away soon and isn&#039;t a lasting side effect."
"Not effective for severe arthritis pain in lower lumbar and hips. Only takes edge off."
"Like one of the previous reviewers mentioned, OCD is the underlying cause of many other conditions.  I went through several doctors, medicines, and diagnoses before finally discovering my OCD and treating that, versus the other problems and symptoms caused by the OCD.  

Luvox has been a wonderful help for me.  It has virtually eliminated all of my symptoms of OCD.  Also, what I like the best about Luvox is that it has completely eliminated my racing and intrusive thoughts.  Though people laugh, when asked, I tell people the best effect of Luvox is that it quietens the voices in my head, and I honestly feel like me again. 

The only drawbacks of Luvox that I have seen are: some trouble sleeping, loss of appetite, and excessive bruising."
"Update:  Went to the doctor on 08/02/2014, down 32 pound.  I really love these pills.  Really no side effects.  A little numbness in the fingers but go away quickly.  Will continue to take until I reach my weight lost goal of 50 pounds."
"Some useful advice .-. TIMELINE Started 5mgs felt slightly high just a little more positive took 5 mgs for 9 days then had major crash lasted about 5 days + 2 days to level out Valium is very handy just hang in there it will pass &amp; get better Day 13/14  started feeling much better now on 10 mgs @day 16 really good now. Initial day 9 crash as autoreceptors sense too much serotonin and move to regulate levels so they drop making you feel like the world is coming to an end once they desensitize things improve.  Tips stay calm relax talk to people take Valium sleep eat carbs distract your thoughts walk if up to it. Do not read reviews will do your head in- too many depressed people+reviews= many negative useless reviews :-)"
"I thought I was finally going to find the medication for me. At first it was O.K., I was on a low dose, a few days later when I was on a 5mg twice a day for only 4 days, I had been experiencing trouble concentrating, and woke up to my arm muscle twitching uncontrollably, which continued all night and onto the next day. So I quit the medication and called my MD."
"I have been on and off of phendimetrizine 35 mg for three years. The first 2 months I ever took them I lost 50 pounds. Until the past year I had a great experience with it... although I would yo-yo if I came off the pills and diet, they were extremely effective while doing it correctly. I would STRONGLY recommend never combining the pills with alcohol, too much caffeine, or cigarettes. The last year has actually driven me to be very hesitant to use the medicine. I am truly nervous of having a heart attack. I became very nervous, anxious, experienced high blood pressure, and heart palpitations. It&#039;s scary. Just be very careful because you will eventually think you need these pills to lose weight, and that is terrible. Be careful!"
"honestly at first i couldnt even tell anything was happening, i went in and out of stages and it almost seemed my acne got worse. that was just the epiduo pulling the dirt and junk and acne out. now 4 months in, my acne is completely gone. i had horrible acne as well. this has changed my life."
"I have been taking Complera for about a month now and I got to get my labs in one more month. So far I have not had any side effects and it has been great. My viral load was 4000 and my CD4 was 782 when I started and I can&#039;t wait to see what Complera has really done for me when I get my labs."
"For symptoms of ADHD (impulsivity, inability to sit still/restlessness, and inability to focus on a task at hand), I give this medication a 10/10. That said, I have Tourette Syndrome, and would caution ANYONE with Tourette Syndrome to stay away from stimulant medications, because they seem to exacerbate existing tics quite aggressively (I have tried 10-40 mg methylphenidate [RITALIN] and 20mg ADDERALL XR). I gave it a 10 based on it&#039;s effectiveness for ADHD, but factoring in the aggravation this medicine causes to tics, I would give a 5/10. 

I have a &quot;good&quot; United Health Care plan, and they would ONLY cover the brand name; even with insurance, the co-pay for a 30-day supply was $35.00."
"Well, lets just say that I had a wonderful cruise. When me and my partner were done with all 3 times we&#039;ve done it, the condom would always go missing. Stressed out, and having to wait until I got off the boat, I ran to the nearest pharmacy to buy the one step pill. Mind you, I did take it within the 72 hours as intended. After two weeks of patiently waiting for my period, it came, all but a few days late. I&#039;m writing this review because i was stressing out whether the pill worked or not. Just letting you know that it does. And I was pretty close to the 72 hour deadline."
"I am 47 year old female and depressed.  4/19/2012 I started taking the generic Bupropion.  Experiencing horrific side effects switched to the brand name, Wellbutrin, and am much much better.  It is worth the extra money to not have the horrible headaches and other side effects. Weight loss is a huge bonus! Good luck."
"After my 2nd pregnancy I used natural birth control method, but about a year later I got my first period and surprise! I got pregnant. After my third child was born I got on the Depo-Provera shot. Other than slight pain on the injection sight for a few days I also noticed both times after getting the shot I get moody and angry easily. (I feel bad for my family) but after a short while I usually go back to normal. I&#039;m guessing its just the change in my hormone levels."
"I&#039;ve been on the nuvaring for almost 6 months now. But ever since I started using it, when I take it out I never know when my period is going to start. Sometimes it starts after 3 days. but now I&#039;m on my 6th day and I still haven&#039;t started. It&#039;s like every month I&#039;m worried whether I&#039;m pregnant or not. My fiancee and I both like the ring. It seems effective and definitely helps with my symptoms. But it is very worrisome. and I&#039;m not one to worry a lot..."
"I have HSV 2 since about 22 and at about age 26 Valtrex became available. I have taking 1 gram daily (somewhat consistent) until about about 2.5years ago. It was great, and I didn&#039;t have one single outbreak in almost 14 years, nor did my two long term ex&#039;s get the virus. Unfortunately, I developed an allergic reaction from long term use, and can no longer tolerate it without major skin rash, major itching, hypersensitivity and also had some hair thinning. I&#039;m trying Famvir, but so far I&#039;m back to having outbreaks. I have gone on and off the medicine 6-7 times and within weeks have had negative symptoms, which subside within days of discontinuing. "
"Got Skyla inserted Mar 2015 (had it in 7 months now). Insertion sucked while it was happening but I was shockingly fine the rest of the day. Horrible cramps came the next day and on and off for the next 2 months. Bled at least a little bit every single day for the first 35 days after insertion, but after that haven&#039;t had a real period since. Like not even a drop of blood in the past few months. My boobs were very sore for the entire month of Aug. I started growing hair where I&#039;d never had hair before, like my nipples. Oh yeah, and I&#039;ve noticed over the past 2 months that my sex drive has absolutely plummeted, and that I&#039;m dry as a bone down there. Never had any problems with libido before this. If it continues I&#039;m going to get it removed :("
"I was prescribed 20 mg of Cymbalta three days ago.  The agonizing pain in my knees is virtually gone. Not kidding! All the negative posts almost made me quit. Don&#039;t give up. I was offended that my doctor prescribed this medication as it is an antidepressant. I convinced myself I wasn&#039;t suffering depression I was suffering from chronic pain. Come on people! Who, if you are in chronic pain isn&#039;t depressed? I couldn&#039;t do anything anymore. I couldn&#039;t get out in the garden, couldn&#039;t cook for my family, couldn&#039;t walk up or down stairs without leaning on the rails. I know it&#039;s too soon to tell but I know it is doing what ever it&#039;s suppose to do in my brain to cut out the pain."
"Made me feel so ill from day 1 on just 200mg. Dr wanted me to increase to 400mg after 2 weeks (did tell me I might feel unwell, but to try &amp; stick it out for at least 2 weeks). Was left for 5 weeks on 400mg feeling very unwell. Headache, pain in my neck &amp; shoulders, dizzy, pain in my kidneys,(maybe just pain in my lower back muscles). Couldn&#039;t get up out of bed...
Dr (without seeing me) told me through my care coordinater to reduce to 200mg for 3 days then stop all together. 6 days after stopping I still feel really unwell, especially when I just wake up or am tired. Hope this damage to me isn&#039;t permanent. Seems not getting any better after 6 days being of it..."
"For acute anxiety this is AMAZING. Rapid racing heartbeat. Excessive sweating. Constant worrying. Over-analyzing. This medicine basically at 15MG gives you a feeling like you just drank a six pack and ate an amazing meal.  I take it with xanax and cymbalta. Buspar is the best non habit forming short term medicine to get your life back on track when life gets overwhelming."
"I&#039;ve used it two or three times, it is (evidently) very effective, and accessable which is great. It will mess up your menstruation cycle a bit, however."
"My daughter started weekly Enbrel injections, in combination with Methotrexate injections, about 6 months after she was diagnosed with Juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. She continued them for about 3 years. During that time she barely had any side effects from the medication. Pain and redness at the injection site and occasional nausea after the injections for about 24 hours. It did seem to control her flare ups for most of the time. After about 2 1/2 years her arthritis became more aggressive and the medication was not as effective. Her doctor decided to change her medications. But over all, Enbrel was an effective medication for the first years of her arthritis."
"I was officially diagnosed with ADHD around age 28 but it wasn&#039;t until 30 that I decided to try medication. I started with Vyvanse. Holy crap! It was amazing. I hadn&#039;t realized how much noise went on in my head until it was quiet. Then I could have linear thought patterns. For the first time ever my life started to come together. I could see tasks in processes, I could think clearly, I could manage my emotions. It was amazing. Then the side effects kicked in. My dr and I went through every other adhd medication there was and nothing helped. I did more research and found that my problem was that all of the medications use dyes which gave me flu like symptoms. Vyvanse uses the most dyes so made me the sickest. I now take it out of capsule."
"I was hesitant to take an anti-depresssant because I thought I should be able to handle my emotions without help.  Now I wonder why on earth I waited so long!  I&#039;ve been taking citalopram for a little over a month now and it has changed my life for the better.  No more suicidal thoughts.  No more bone-crushing fatigue.  I&#039;ve reconnected with friends.  I am out doing things and having fun.  It feels like a miracle to wake up every morning and feel good about life instead of opening my eyes first thing and thinking, &quot;My life is over.  I have nothing left to live for.&quot;  I had some mild side effects for the first week but I also had immediate relief from my depression and negativity the first week.  All of the side effects are gone now."
"I didn&#039;t think this was going to work for me. It took 6 weeks and finally it kicked in. I have been on it now for 3 months and I feel like a different person. So hang on in there and it will eventually work. Trust me."
"My husband has been taking 3600mg of gabapentin for about 4 or 5 months now. He has been on a lower dose (1800mg) in the past. It has helped lessen his nerve damage pain but still in pain.
I have noticed severe behavior and mood changes. He has become very irritable, aggressive, moody, depressed (confused, numb, lost), lower back pain (as if his back doesn&#039;t decompress when he lays down), trouble sleeping, suspicious and distrust. This medication may help nerve pain but is a huge relationship killer."
"Started on this medication during its study phase.  Just makes me real tired and in a &quot;fog&quot; in the morning.  If still up an hour after taking it I sometime feel &quot;drunk&quot;, balance is altered."
"I&#039;m 51 and my partner is 47. He has had some difficulty with full erections on and off his whole life. For awhile now, its has been more marshmallow than wood. Things have declined. I encouraged him to see his doctor. As a result, we have just tried the very first 10 mg tab. Result? Incredible erection, great sex for us both, and most important - he feels like himself. He doesn&#039;t feel like something strange has taken over his experience. Nothing artificial about it. More like being restored. And no side effects so far. We are both very pleased."
"I have been on Ativan since January 2011, started out with 0.5mg then went to 1mg and have felt better. I used them not only for my anxiety but also to sleep because I have a hard time sleeping at night. I now feel that I can stop taking the medicines for the anxiety, have not had an attack for months but take the medicines to sleep at night. I tried to stop taking Ativan and the withdrawals were so bad I had to start taking them again and now going to see my doctor to help me come off them. "
"I&#039;m 26, first birth control pills I&#039;ve ever used. I&#039;m on my fourth month, getting close to starting the fifth pack. Pros thus far: no breast tenderness (they did increase in size), no acne (skin actually cleared up), no weight gain (I&#039;m very active to begin with), no nausea or headaches, much lighter periods (prior to the pill, my periods were heavy enough where both a pad and a tampon were needed... Now a tampon alone is good enough!)
Cons: ever since starting it, I&#039;ve been having two periods a month.. 15 day cycle and it&#039;s about two days longer than period prior to taking this pill. The pros definitely outweigh the con, but I can&#039;t stand having two periods a month!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for about 7 months and this is my first time taking birth control, but it has lighten my periods but I&#039;ve gain some weight. My boyfriend has notice I get moody really easy and I get very emotional out of no where. it made me break out a little more but it went away and is clearing a lot more now. One thing I&#039;ve notice is since taking this pill I&#039;ve had some memory loss. I do like this brand because it&#039;s lighten my period and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and I&#039;m 18 and my periods only last from 4 maybe 5 days but before they lasted from 7-10 days."
"I have been taking diazepam three times a day for seizure prevention and myoclonic spasms. 
I have been taking this combination of diazepam with Keppra and have had no seizures for five years.
Before that I suffered partial seizures and Grand Mal seizures while on only one anti-seizure medications.
Sincerely
bestpup"
"I started Zoloft because I was struggling with obsessive, repetitive thoughts about bad things happening to my children which made me anxious all the time. 

The first 3 weeks were hell. Even the Klonopin the doctor gave me to get through it didn&#039;t help. It felt like my anxiety levels tripled. I could barely function. Between weeks 4-5 I transitioned to just feeling as anxious as I had been before. Then it felt like a balloon was inflating inside my head (in a good way), and the anxious thoughts were bouncing off the balloon instead of being allowed to collect and swirl around torturing me. 

Then I started having moments of feeling GOOD. And those moments grew into my new reality. My anxiety is 90% better. Zoloft gave me a new life."
"After a whipple procedure I need to take these.  Now about the finance.... I take 8 of the blue pills daily, 2 at meals ,1 at snacks. cost about $80.00 every day.
I&#039;m
 on medicare w/ part D.coverage.  is there a cheaper genetic?"
"Just started this medication, I am 26/M/in fairly good shape, work out 4 to 5 times a week so I don&#039;t really know why my blood pressure is high but anyway. Took my 2nd dose yesterday, jogged this morning at the gym and hit &quot;the wall&quot; HARD. Felt short of breath and chest pain. Maybe this will go away once I get used to the medication. PS. taking 20mg."
"Within weeks my plaque psoriasis disappeared. Chronic diarhea caused me to stop taking it. P came back within weeks. 

Several months ago I was in a motorcycle accident and sprained my wrist. Never got better, got worse. Diagnosis of psoriatic arthritis. Thinking of trying it again. Don&#039;t know if I can take living on the toilet. Hoping my body will get used to it but not opptomistic."
"Double seronegative MG with only ocular symptoms for going on three years -- slight ptosis and (typically torsional) diplopia during flare ups.    Edrophonium test was very positive;  EMG negative.  Mestinon induces absolutely no detectable change for me -- which seems odd if the edrophonium test was positive.   Stress levels and possibly pollen levels tend to exacerbate symptoms.  Symptoms can be held at bay with 5mg prednisone every third to fourth day   heavy exercise regimen (35-45 miles running per week)   diet low in wheat but high veggies and protein.   Asymptomatic periods have stretched up to 9 months."
"This drug was given to me as I&#039;m allergic to eggs and the other anesthesia was egg-based. I asked what was in this drug and was told, &quot;I don&#039;t know.&quot; Waking up to bits and pieces of reality, trying to grab on to them, but not being successful repeatedly. Going home was double vision when I got there  I immediately threw up. I didn&#039;t want to move. My husband got a chair on wheels to wheel me directly to the bathroom and brought me bedding and a pillow and lay on the bathroom floor. I slept all day and all night. That is one drug I will NEVER take again."
"I&#039;ve had moderate acne until I was about 15 then it started breaking out severely on my cheeks since I moved to Texas with the weather and hormones started kicking in. Also I was always oily and still am sadly And going to the dermatologist to figure out how to deal with it. I&#039;m now 17 and I never wear makeup and religiously wash my face and use a toner. I went to the dermatologist Recently and they gave me a prescription of Aczone and it cleared my face up in about 1 and a half to 2 months. My face burned, purged, and dried (don&#039;t pick!!!!!!!)but it helped. You just have to stick with it and give yourself a Pep talk that it&#039;s worth it at the end. I&#039;m am left with a few pimples. it&#039;s better than the cystic outbreaks and clogged pores I had."
"I was diagnosed with epilepsy when I was 23.  I am now 35 I was put on Tegretol 500mg twice a day.  For 2 years my life was a nightmare I still got seizures and double vision everyday.  I was then prescribed 500mg of Keppra twice daily along with the Tegretol.  The double vision went completely and I found that I only have 1 or 2 seizures max a year, this is usually because of lack of sleep or forgetting to take my medicines.  Yes I find my attention span is not great sometimes along with tiredness and mood swings.  The positives for me outweigh the negatives.  Good luck in finding what suits you best."
"I&#039;m an on this medication for the second time. 
The first time I didn&#039;t wait long enough before I had sexual intercourse and that caused the bacterial infection to come right back. 
But I am on my first day for the 7 day treatment and I am really nauseous and I&#039;m really tired. The first time I took this medicine the side effects didn&#039;t start until day 3. As I&#039;m typing this, I feel lost I&#039;m going to vomit any second while barely keeping my eyes open. 
Nonetheless it works really well."
"This drug is the best. I&#039;ve taken it twice stubborn acne keeps on coming back.. That&#039;s the only thing, but to others it never comes back. I want to go on it again to get cleared up again.. I just started this birth control called the implanon and I think that it makes my acne worse.. I don&#039;t have big pimples, small looking ones that are annoying..I also have a lot of whiteheads because my skin is so oily.. I&#039;m going to make an appointment soon.. Accutane works really well.. It clears ur skin like no other.."
"A life saver."
"I have been taking Lortab and Percocet for about a year now due to my endometriosis and ovarian cysts. It definitely helps to relieve the pain and anxiety. The down fall to it is the horrible feeling of withdrawal."
"I have been on this birth control for about 3 months no pregnancy scares and helps with my period a little bit but it usually makes me feel nauseous after I take it and I have been breaking out more"
"Before taking this medication, I was progressively getting worse with bouts of diarrhea 3 or 4 times at least per day. The abdominal cramping was so severe I was bending over in pain. There was urgency and accidents which led me to not want to leave the house. It was getting difficult to work because sometimes I had an accident before getting to work and the embarrassment was beyond belief .After taking this medication 1 day, there was no more diarrhea, no more cramping, things were normal! I love the relief this has given me!"
"I have been using this for 6 months and the change in my skin has been amazing. I had been using doxy which was going okay, but once I stopped responding, the doctor prescribed me this. I wish I would have started with this product. I have moderate rosacea coupled with some cheek acne. This stuff started making s difference about 4 days in. I had people asking me what I had done different and why I looked so good. I only use it in the morning, and I can do this, because it dries SO fast. It doesn&#039;t leave a weird film or feeling like lots of prescription creams do. Even so, it helps tighten the skin and has smoothed the appearance of fine lines. 

The only reason I gave this 9 stars is because it gives you peach fuzz all over your cheeks."
"Celexa has given me my life back! I suffered from severe anxiety and depression to the point where I would just lay in bed for days.  I didn&#039;t want to go anywhere, and cancelled plans with friends all the time just to stay home and sleep. It took about a month to work and now I feel great! I am back to my old self - I love going out, seeing friends, exercising, reading, everything I used to do and I&#039;m happier than ever! My only side effects were the first 2 weeks - anxiety was worse, insomnia, no appetite. That&#039;s gone now and I have no complaints. If I take it in the morning, I sleep well. If I take it at night, I can&#039;t sleep. You just have to learn what&#039;s best for you!"
"I have been taking Nucynta for about 2 years now. This medicine seems to be helping with my back pain. I started at the low dose of 50mg then went to 75mg and am now taking 100mg every 4-5 hrs as well as taking the 100mg Extended Release tablets every 12 hrs. They work great although my only complaint would be that they make me sweat profusely when doing any activity that includes work. I even start to pour sweat when just sitting after 1 hour of taking it. As well it makes me very tired. I find myself trying hard to keep my eyes open when I&#039;m sedentary. "
"49 YO Male. Starting weight 280 lbs on Jan 6 2015. Current weight 244 on April 6 2015. Goal weight = 170. Weight loss = 36 lbs in 3 months. Experience - entirely positive and successful. Have not been under 250 in 9 years, despite diet and exercise with many periods of not trying.  First two weeks on half dose were most intense for side effects - dry mouth, light-headedness, unusual thoughts and dreams. All passed quickly when I normalized on standard 7.5 mg doze after 2 weeks. What has remained is a decreased appetite, no more unconscious or binge eating, and ability to just eat the foods I want to eat - healthy green veg and protein. Exercise 6 days/week. Friends will notice the difference at 30 lbs so hang in there."
"I have dealt with acne off and on my entire adult life.  Finally became fed up with the constant bumps and dark spots, I visit a dermatologist. I was asked to try the Aczone (Dapsone) along with Doryx and at first it seemed to work, but now it does nothing for me. I would rather try something less expensive that will be effective versus something that cost a lot without insurance. Sorry but Aczone is not for me."
"I started with start pack. I was doing the lightbox 2-3"
"Been on it only 2 days. I&#039;ve noticed no appetite and no hunger. But I also feel confused. When I drive I forget where I&#039;m going and when I realize where I&#039;m going I forget where I am. I hope this feeling dissipates soon. It&#039;s unsettling."
"Good but created impotence."
"One of the best mood stabilizers I&#039;ve ever been on and I&#039;ve been on a lot! Only the XR seems to work for me. I take 100 mg twice a day. No side effects."
"I tried a few &quot;triptans&quot;, Relpax is not the strongest one: it may take an hour before it starts to work, especially if I wait too long hoping for migraine to go away by itself (sometimes miracles do happen). For comparison, Imitrex works much faster with me, but almost immediately sends me in deep sleep. Relpax has minimum side effects:
maybe some drowsiness and heaviness in legs, but I can still work if necessary. For a long time I was on Maxalt, it was less effective in relieving the pain but caused more side effects like drowsiness and severe cramps."
"Darvocet is a good pain reliever with just enough narcotic to make it effective. But trust me, it can become addictive like anything else. I just went through withdrawal symptoms yesterday and part of today and didn&#039;t know what was going on until I looked this up on the computer and then took some to relieve the symptoms. But I believe all in all it&#039;s a safer alternative than other narcotics."
"Stelara has been amazing. After 3 years still 100%. Changed my life dramatically. No side effects whatsoever, blood work perfect, no colds, flus, etc. Healthy and happy !"
"I am 8 weeks in now. Hands and scalp are pretty clear. I am noticing improvement on my legs and elbows. Feet are clearing nicely too. Still have occasional nausea in the morning. I feel better if I eat a good breakfast and hydrate. I am very optimistic I will be clear for summer. No headaches so far. No weight loss unfortunately."
"Very few side effects.  A little fatigue now and then, but you get that with Fibromyalgia anyway.  It has greatly improved my quality of life and attitude towards life in general.  I&#039;m a much happier person having limited pain now."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lasix for about 10 years for swelling in my feet/ankles. I only have one kidney and have hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.  I take 80 mg in the morning.  It does not always take all the swelling out, but if I miss just one dose, I can tell it by the afternoon.  Of course, if I take it in the afternoon, I&#039;m up all night.  NOTE: There IS a difference in taking the Lasix as opposed to the generic furosemide.  For me, the generic is absolutely useless.  My mother had the same problem, so maybe it&#039;s genetic.  I&#039;ve taken as much as 200 mg of generic at one time with no effect whatsoever.  I&#039;ve noticed no side effects from the Lasix."
"With only 4 doses of 500 mg in 3 days instead of 3 a day, my symptoms got progressively worse. Blurred vision, dizziness, rash, leg pain and swelling, heat sensations in legs, muscle pain, back pain, swelling and pain in stomach, and extreme fatigue. Stopped taking and reported adverse reaction to pharmacy and will tell doctor. Very glad I did not take full dose. Use with caution if you are sensitive to meds."
"I have been using this drug to help with withdrawals from Vicodin. It seems to be working really well and is taking away the craving to take Vicodin as well. I just worry about when they take me off of it how I will feel then."
"This medicine is horrible. My doctor switched me to this from zofran because of constipation. I took this 1 time and it is causing severe anxiety, blurred vision, irritability and an overall weird and bad feeling all over. I needed a medication for severe pregnancy nausea and this did absolutely nothing but make me feel horrible. It also made my headaches worse. I am throwing the remainder of the pills in the trash bc that it what they are."
"I have just started on this medication, it is hard to say if it is working for me yet. I do notice the dry mouth and yucky aftertaste. I have been dealing with an unknown condition for many years nobody can figure out what is wrong. I have been sleeping a bit better since I have been on Lyrica. I am also on about 14 other medications so not sure which one is doing what haha. It does help to see so many people. Have heard such great reviews of this treatment. It is hopeful for me to look for in the future."
"I&#039;m on my second Implanon,  and I love it.  The first one I got I didn&#039;t have a period for the whole 3 years I had it,  some weight gain but nothing extreme. No mood swings or anything like that. I got it put in because my cramps were excruciating and my periods were irregular as ever.  As soon as I got the first one out I got another put in. This one has been different then my first. I have my period every other month almost sometimes longer then that and they last about a week but not heavy. Still no babies tho! I would absolutely recommend the Implanon! Don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill every day or going in to get a shot. You can&#039;t even tell its in your arm and it doesn&#039;t hurt to get put in. "
"This thing worked wonders! I&#039;m so glad I asked my doctor about it! I would like to remind some people that at first, you apply it for 3 nights in a row, then after that, only once a week."
"I have been using the cream for many years. I have found that it has been wonderful for keeping my feet, knees, elbows and face soft and smooth."
"Asthma all my life (40 yrs old) but wanted to cut down / get off the steroid inhaler (Symbicourt) as it does lead to weight gain / hunger pangs and bloating of face. 

Offered Singulair - Took one tablet in the daytime - Wrong thing to do !! Completely sedated feeling. 

Made a call to continue taking the following treatment : 

1. Symbicourt in the morning (Symbicourt users will concede it&#039;s like drinking 10 Cups of Coffee)

2. Take a half of Singulair before bed (I have the best nights sleep every night due to its mildly sedative effect).

Best of both worlds.. I have never had broken sleep for 40 years.. once I started with Singular I sleep like a baby and wake up completely refreshed."
"This medication will make you gain weight easily it may make you easily agitated as well. In my expirence this should not be offered to treat anxiety."
"You have to give this medicine time to work. At first it made me very anxious and nauseated. Started with 20 mg. after a month the anxiety came back so my doctor upped it to 40 mg.. More nausea and anxiety (Xanax helped this transition), but now, after about 13 weeks, I feel great. I just had a very challenging 10 hours at work and feel like a million bucks. It helped me get my gratitude back. No longer grumpy and ill willed. It made me realize how deep my depression was and how long it had been since I&#039;d been normal-feeling: 30 years. Sleep and exercise are key. If you think you have sleep apnea, get a doctors diagnosis. If you don&#039;t exercise, get walking. These are key things that make antidepressants more effective."
"I have been on Depo Provera since Dec. 6, 2015. Started bleeding January 6 2015 and it hasn&#039;t stopped since then! I had my second injection last Saturday and I&#039;m hoping that the bleeding will stop. Its effective in preventing pregnancy but Its greatly affecting my sex life."
"I used Nuvaring in 2008 for 6 months, with no discernible side effects. I needed to remove it during intercourse since my partner could feel it, but my dog chewed it up and I could not get a timely replacement, and went off birth control. I began using it again in 2015 specifically to help with mood swings and sore breasts - PMS symptoms, for only 2 months. I experienced clear skin, no weight gain, and it controlled my moodiness. However it gave me tender breasts, low libido, migraines and neck pain, for which I would take ibuprofen daily to treat. I removed it since I don&#039;t require birth control at this time and didn&#039;t want to risk major side effects."
"This is an excellent place for Chantix questions, comments and to talk about smoke cessation.  Please join!"
"I got Liletta at the beginning of January. The insertion hurt pretty bad and the day after was pretty bad too. After that I didn&#039;t have periods and I loved it at first. No acne, my moods even seemed to improve. By February I noticed I gained 10 lbs and I had been eating very healthy and working out. Previously to getting liletta, I been losing weight and was continuing exactly what I had done before. By the end of February, I was having bad cramps and acne. My skin was awful. Every day there were new spots on my face. &amp; My cramps hurt so bad I had to call into work one day. The final straw was the depression that hit me. All of a sudden I didn&#039;t care about anything and had no motivation. My thoughts were so dark. I got it removed in April."
"Cymbalta seems to me like a &quot;miracle&quot; in ridding me of fibromyalgia pain. I have had fibro symptoms of varying severity for over 30 years (I am 58), and I have never found lasting relief, except for one year when I did not work, studied massage therapy, and got massages several times a week. Recently, severe pain returned in my hips which prevented me from sleeping. My doctor subscribed the generic version of Cymbalta (duloxetine), and within a few days the pain was greatly reduced. When increased to 60mg a week later, the pain went completely away."
"I got this implant November 20 of 2016. At first my periods were irregular and had spotting in between, had lower back pain and mood swings/depression. My periods went away which is amazing but the depression has gotten worse and I now have cystic acne all along my chin, cheeks forehead, and all over my hairline. I&#039;ve dealt with acne all my life and I finally had it under control so this implant causing my skin to break out in painful cysts is a deal breaker. I am sad to get it removed because it is a convenience that I don&#039;t have to take a pill everyday, did not gain weight off of it and it took my periods away. But my skin is more important to me."
"This medicine has the side effects listed exactly as they are."
"I have been on Zarah, a generic of Yasmin, for more than half a year now. I started taking it for birth control as well as some ovarian cysts. For the first month I have to admit the side effects of the pill was a bit stressful. Always tired, and my mood swings were really ridiculous. But I gave it a month, and lo and behold, I started having more energy, my initial mood swings before the pill stopped, my abnormally painful and heavy period is ridiculously easy, my face and back acne have disappeared completely, and my bust even plumped up half a cup size. Just beware of some forever lasting water weight. Oh and no babies."
"Ativan helps when I start feeling panicky and to rest easier when I find it hard to relax."
"I had an incident where the condom broke and he came inside me, we were both freaking out and about an hour and a half later we went out and got Plan B. I was very nervous/anxious waiting for my period to start. The whole week I was extremely emotional and had period symptoms. 5 days after taking it I started my period. You WILL be worried, theres no way around it, but this pill works! I am currently on my period and I have had worse cramps than usual, but I am so happy to not be pregnant. I am only 18 and I am not ready to have a child yet. This was definitely a wake up call that accidents do happen and you have to be very safe and take precautions."
"My wife has suffered from late onset schizophrenia with severe positive symptoms for over 10 years. She started Invega Sustena treatment (monthly injection) a year ago and has made dramatic improvements. All of her positive symptoms have gone away. Residual negative symptoms remain but is now manageable with talk therapy. The injection method helps with compliance as daily pills are difficult to maintain and easy to discontinue. This is a wonder drug..."
"Smoked 20 a day for 30 years now onto week 7 of the program and still off the cigarettes. A few cravings but do not last long. Problem is possible side effects, get nausea which I can live with, feel as if I have a constant cold but worst are the aches in the joints anyone getting these? On the upside I am sleeping better than ever. Am cutting down the dose to see if this helps."
"The good thing about this pill was that it basically reduced my period to a once-a-month light period that lasted a day and I didn&#039;t experience any cramping for the 10 months that I was on it. This was great because I have heavy, painful, irregular periods, and it was nice to not have to call in to work while on my period. 
I had to stop taking the pill because it was affecting my moods severely. I felt like I was always panicking about something, like my mind was constantly on overdrive and obsessing about any little issue that came up. I had to fight feeling sad and hopeless on a daily basis, and this was odd because it the events happening in my life were very good. I&#039;ve been off the the for a about a month and I feel much better."
"I took this for a tooth infection and it did the job"
"I love this medication! It has completely changed my life. I give it a 9 out of 10 because I get the side effects, and almost always have to nap before the side effects disappear. They are also very expensive."
"Well, I recently started my second pack and the least I can say is I&#039;ve grow a cup size bigger (boob wise), and I&#039;m maintaining my average weight. I have slight acne, I never get bad pimples but now my T- zone is bad! No nausua, no headaches. My first pack I had bad, even suicidal depression, but I&#039;ve noticed all of it is toning down. I have a little acne between my breasts(which NEVER happens). My periods are light and stay for 4 days at the most, no cramps. Everything is great except for the acne...."
"I&#039;m a 25 year old male who has suffered from anxiety in the past. When I was prescribed anti-anxiety medication it really affected the erections I was getting, even now that I&#039;ve stopped taking it it&#039;s almost like I forgot how to get and maintain an erection. I would only ever really get half hard erections, even in the morning. I was pretty disheartened and afraid to try anything else with any another girls for fear of more embarrassment. I tried Cialis and WOW... All the performance anxiety was gone and as soon as I was stimulated I was able to achieve and maintain an erection until climax. I was able to switch positions with ease and even switch rooms without my erection going anywhere!"
"I have lost 10Kg my first month and I still have 20Kg to go. I know that I wouldn&#039;t be able to loose the weight without Saxenda.  My only concern is that I feel something in my stomach and I don&#039;t know what it is.  I think it is hunger but try to avoid it and drink fluids.  I know eating or drinking to much will make me sick. I have vomited a couple of times now so I take it really easy.  Just wish the constant stomach feeling would go away. I recommend this to anyone who needs a jump-start or nothing seems to work for them."
"I am 23 now and I was diagnosed at the age of 8 with ADHD. I was put on Ritalin until I was 17. Ritalin made me stay up all night, it made me depressed. It was a terrible experience. Adderall really helped me, it keeps me focused and on task and just overall it has changed my life."
"Humira was my first medicine to try for recently diagnosed rheumatoid arthritis. Had to stop after the 2nd injection due to nausea, lethargy, my teeth hurt and had 3/4 migraines a week. Trying a new medicine now and hope to see results. Humira has a discount program that you only pay $5 for. Ask your doc about it!"
"I&#039;ve tried this medicine and it is quite good..I don&#039;t have to suffer from insomnia anymore. Thanks to ambien"
"I got this inserted this past January (2017) and overall I love it. The insertion was very painful despite taking 800MG of iBProfin like my OBGYN said but the procedure was only a couple of minutes. I had some residual pain for the rest of the night but nothing a little more ibuprofen and a heating pad didn&#039;t fix. I woke up feeling fine. No other pain. My sex drive returned (had issues with taking estrogen with drive) in just two weeks and my periods have gotten shorter and lighter each month and currently I am only spotting. I have had no other issues with it so far but maybe next time I&#039;ll ask for a prescription strength pain med for the procedure."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon rod inserted the day after I gave birth to my son. This was August 21st of this year. When I first got it I was bleeding for about two weeks but thought nothing of it cause I just gave birth but it came back on about a week later and has been on every since. Also I&#039;ve been feeling really depressed for the past month and my finance&#039; says its like I&#039;m a whole new person. I&#039;m considering getting it removed."
"I started taking this BC last year 11/2014 when I got the Mirena taken out due to bad acne. A few weeks after starting Tri-Previfem I started having hypoglycemic episodes after I run (~4miles ). Which continued after every run so I started taking supplements before and during my run to keep my blood sugar stable. Which helps partly and very annoying. But the last 2 months I had 2 hypoglycemic episodes in the morning without any physical activity. It&#039;s now 8/2014 and I&#039;ve decided to stop taking them. 

Cons: hypoglycemia, stomach bloat during period

Pros: no acne, regulated periods (precise day and round about time of day), minimal/no cramps."
"I also have Crohn&#039;s and ulcerative colitis. I was started on Librax upon getting my initial diagnosis, took it for several weeks and kept telling everyone how &quot;I&#039;ve never felt better in my life&quot; and then one day on the way to work I nearly fell asleep behind the wheel of my car on the drive into work. There is a chemical in chlordiazepoxide that has a half-life of over 400 hours, so the &#039;benzo&#039; part of this medicine can build up pretty quickly. I stopped the medication for awhile and have since gone back on it without any of the previously mentioned problems, but I did cut my dose down from 1 pill every 8 hours to 1 pill every 10-12.....so only 2 pills a day instead of 3. I still get the relief I need, but do not get drowsy at all."
"I&#039;m 81yr old female was put on Eliquis 5 wks for Af and I&#039;ve had Severe stomach pain. Which I&#039;ve had a bad pancreas before this but my pain has increased by at least 50% and lots of short term memory loss. I&#039;m looking at getting off this medicine because I just can&#039;t handle the stomach pain. Good luck to everyone ."
"The Only thing that relieves the pain from this cream 100% is prescription lidocaine ointment usp 5% it only takes a small amount and works within seconds! I can finially sit and walk without cringing. It last about 5 hrs. I don&#039;t see why drs don&#039;t automatically give you this when the aldara is filled !"
"I have been on this med for my panic/anxiety disorder for a few years now and I must say it is a saviour for me.  I had very bad depression and anxiety/panic problems for years along with a medical problem about my thyroid.  This medicine has helped me very much.  I take .5 mg at bedtime.  helps me sleep all thru the night.  I get my 7-8 hours that I need.   everyone can be affected differently with medications but I think in my opinion, if you take a benzo and/or a antidepressant and it freaks you out, then you are not taking the right medication for what ails you.  That I know from my own experiences from other meds in the past.  I take this with lexapro.  This combo  works wonders for me.  Thank you."
"This pill saved my life! I am 18 and had sex with my boyfriend on Oct. 1 It was his first time and he didn&#039;t know that he needed to pull out. (Crazy right) not to mention I&#039;m not on birth control. It was 8 days exactly after ovulation for me. Freaking out I went to sleep and woke up the next morning to get the pill. I took it and only had a couple of side affects. I was VERY tired after taking the pill. After that I had slight back pain for a while and short cramps. My period was due to start on the 7th of October. I slightly spotted the day before but now it is October 7th and I have a full blown period!! Thanks to this pill I won&#039;t be a mom at 18 and I won&#039;t have my  boyfriend having a kid,Thanks B!!"
"In just 3 weeks my skin is clear."
"I first started taking contrave last year I lost over 35 pounds and I never had any problems with taking them but this time I just started 2 weeks ago after my one pill for a week I started feeling anxiety I just started caving in and I can as a breath and when I got on the two pills in the morning and one at night I did it for two days and then I had to stop I&#039;ve been off of them for a week now but I really want to lose weight I&#039;m 38 pounds overweight so I started them back 2 days ago and I started back on just one pill a day and I&#039;ve noticed the heaviness in my chest is coming back should I continue taking these pills"
"I suffer from depression, anxiety and a bit of obsessive compulsive disorder. I just started taking this medication and in less than two weeks I feel a huge difference. Before the medication it seems I was crying about any and everything and at times for no reasons. Then the simplest things would irritate the heck out of me. Things as simple as popping gum. Now on the medication, I finally feel at ease and more calm. I even feel very upbeat and happy. Its a wonderful thing for me to even be able to say I even feel this way. I will come back after a while longer on the meds and give another update."
"If I miss a dose I usually feel low energy return within 24 hours.  But feel fine once the right dose for me is reestablished.   I feel perfectly normal with 400 mg per day.  I don&#039;t feel well with less than that.  My wife needs 450 to control her SAD.  I feel sorry for people who give up before reaching an effective dosage of buproprion.  It takes a few weeks at the right dosage and after that you will feel like a new person."
"The drops worked okay but I started to notice joint pain in my hands and legs. My legs have an almost a restless legs feeling.  I stopped the drops for a few days and everything went away.  Started the drops again yesterday and woke up right back with the pains and tingling.  I&#039;m supposed to use the drops 4x a day. I have no clue why the drops would cause these affects but wanted to share in case someone else might have the same problem."
"I have currently been on Ortho-Cyclen for a few months now and am going back to my doctor soon to see if I can be prescribed something else. The good for me: very effective when taken correctly, and light periods with bearable cramping. The bad for me: terrible mood swings, bloating, very low libido, and nausea. If I didn&#039;t take this pill before bed and after a meal, I&#039;d be sick to my stomach. I have experienced bloating, but haven&#039;t gained any weight. The low sex drive I have experienced on this has been very bad. Overall, it&#039;s free through my insurance and didn&#039;t get me pregnant, but the negative side effects are not worth it anymore!!"
"I started taking this medication to replace Xanax in the early 90&#039;s.  I am now 44 and have been on .5mg-2mg/day of this drug for almost 25 years.  I also take sertraline (Zoloft) and buspirone (Buspar) for my depression, anxiety, panic, and OCD- all of which I&#039;ve suffered with since childhood.  The Clonazepam has been a wonderful drug which has allowed me time free from the agony of anxiety.  It has also caused me problems with drowsiness and memory.  Withdrawal has been manageable on a couple of occasions.  I am currently on .25mg/day/prn and am trying to get off of it completely per my MD.  The couple of time I came off of it precipitously to avoid drug screenings at work were some of the worst times of my life."
"This medication in combination with Zyprexa has really improved my life.  I have been on this for 5 months and am almost over the side effects.  I notice that I stutter when I have an alcoholic beverage, and tend to shake quite a bit in my hands and lower limbs. Still would recommend this to anyone."
"I&#039;ve been constipated for some time and I couldn&#039;t have a normal bowel movement, and then a friend reccomended I try Miralax because they were hospitalized and having problems, but I tried it the first day and I loved it so much that I do it once a day every day to once every couple of days. I highly reccomend this to anyone who suffers with constipation. And it also mixes in well with anything you want to drink, so it&#039;s tasteless and easy to drink."
"Have been taking this medicine now for 3 months. I take 5 mg in the morning and works ok, generally lasting approximately 3-4 hours before I need the toilet of which I can easily deal with. However at night is a different story. I doesn&#039;t work at all. I have taken the medicine at various times prior to going to bed but it has no effect. I am still getting up 2-3 times a night. So it&#039;s a trip back to the Doctors."
"I was taking it with pauses for 4 years. It eradicated my anxiety but gradually it eradicated also my libido. No visual stimulation, spontaneous erections, lust and passion. I am 36 in good shape and don&#039;t have other health problems."
"I had unprotected sex and we weren&#039;t sure if he had finished or not inside of me. So I started freaking out. I&#039;m still young and I defiantly don&#039;t want a kid. I&#039;m not on birth control either! (Bad I know!) anyways I took plan b 14 hours after sex and I was so stressed out for days. My period is irregular so I never know when it&#039;s suppose to come! And I was reading a bunch of reviews and a lot of girls said they got their period on the 5th day after taking Plan B. I had back pains and mood swings BUT NO PERIOD. On the 5th day after plan B I expected to wake up and see my period... But I didn&#039;t. I was so sad/stressed. Later on that day I was at the park and BAM I got my period! It saved my life and I&#039;m so happy I took it."
"Have trouble tolerating cholesterol meds so my doctor gave me a sample of Livalo.  The first day I took this drug I felt like I had consumed vast quantities of caffeine.  I slept poorly, felt depressed, and even had the shakes.  I really wanted to find a medication to reduce my cholesterol but the side effects of Livalo were just too prohibitive.  It is also very expensive.  Even with insurance, a 3-month supply was $125 and my insurance would not accept the drug manufacturer&#039;s coupon."
"I was given this in the 1980&#039;s for panic attacks and was not taking any benzodiazepines at all with it. I&#039;m glad it has worked so well for others, but for me it was like a very bad trip. I was literally bouncing from wall to wall, couldn&#039;t walk or see clearly, even hallucinating. I had a severe reaction to it, but I am extremely sensitive to tricyclics and all SSRI&#039;s except Remeron. If you&#039;re taking it for the first time, might be good to have another person around just in case."
"Love this medicine. Changed my life."
"Lexapro has changed my life. I am now able to participate in so many activities that my anxiety wouldn&#039;t allow me to do prior. There is side effects. I don&#039;t sleep great and have crazy dreams. Dry mouth, skin and eyes is noticeably worse. Sexual feelings came back after a few months. Plus have more gas and stomach upset. But even with the side effects, my life has greatly improved."
"12 year old son been using Qvar 80 for 2 years. Been very good with no side effects."
"It definitely kills my appetite. However, I&#039;m dizzy, constipated and have headaches.  I also feel a bit anxious.  I&#039;m having trouble remembering things as well. That&#039;s the worst part.  I&#039;ve been on the medication for 2 months.I&#039;m only eating about 1000 calories a day and have only lost 3 pounds. Granted, I&#039;ve had bronchitis twice during this time and haven&#039;t exercised.  I will give this another month because I have about that much of it left. But if I don&#039;t lose something during that time, I&#039;m done."
"Buspar 5 mg twice daily for possible anxiety induced difficulty failing asleep. First week good, second week less helpful for sleep, then onset of extreme hip, bilateral leg weakness with feeling of extreme leg muscle fatigue, start mid afternoon, worse by bedtime every night, required pain med to allow sleep. Discontinued."
"I&#039;ve had explanan for 3 months now at first I was scared to get it because I read all the bad reviews about it and especially of gaining weight which I already struggle with however I decided that I didn&#039;t want to risk getting pregnant so I got the nexplanon I had no side effects till I got my period which usually last 2-3 days however nexplanon changed it to 2 weeks and some spotting a few days after intercourse other than that no other horrible side effects I don&#039;t regret my decision and no more worrys of getting pregnant I love it !"
"The medication worked well. It does burn after application."
"Pros: effective, worry free birth control that I didn&#039;t have to think about from month to month. Having non-hormonal birth control is very important to me. 

Cons: Everyone&#039;s body is different, some people love this birth control. My experience, for the entire year I had it was miserable. Horrible, consistent cramps for the first three months. I had to call out of work a few times because I could barely stand. Once that subsided, my monthly cramps were miserable. My cycle(which was never too much trouble in the past) was a week of crazy hormones, followed by a week of bleeding and cramps that would keep me up at night, and then a week of cramps post bleeding. I literally had a week of feeling normal.
Also, extreme fatigue. I was miserable."
"I was switched from celexa to fetzima.  I started on 20mg for a few days then increased to 40mg.  It did not helped my depression at all.  I was crying and repetitive thoughts. Side effects were awful:  constipation, dizziness, retrograde ejaculation, anxiety, irritability etc...I switched to viibyrd.  So far its a lot better."
"Been on 200 mg day for 3 of 4 weeks. Restarted after first 2. Have my doubts I am winning the battle on this one. Test does not show resistance built up but when it comes toward time for the next pill the soreness and all start kicking in. Of course I think there is a stone a hiding some where - we will see"
"I suffer from what I believe to be Morgellons Disease (Unidentified Dermopathy) in which I break out with lesions that last for many months to well over a year.  I pull little particles out of these lesions that stretch and are extremely painful.  I was placed on Navane 4mg at bedtime approximately 3 years ago.  About 4 months into taking Navane my lesions healed up and HAVE NOT RETURNED in 2 1/2 yrs.  I cannot praise this medication enough to be lesion free for this long as I usually had 8 or more lesions that lasted for a year.  I no longer pick at my skin or ruin my clothes from the bleeding.  It was obsessive skin picking because it was necessary to remove the hard scab and the white particles in the lesions."
"So, after having the implant for 8 years. Yes that&#039;s right, I&#039;ve been crazy enough to have this 3 times. was fine at first. Then I started getting depressed, gained 7 stone throughout the years I have had it (on and off by dieting), depressed, unmotivated, tearful, low sex drive, acne, I&#039;ve got severe acne scarring on my back, face and chest and even feeling suicidal at times and constant, heavy painful periods. The only reason I have had it as long as I have is because I heard horror stories about other forms, and I am forgetful so pill is not suitable. I&#039;ve decided to pluck up the courage to get the IUD and finally say goodbye. THANK GOD! Can finally get my life back hopefully!"
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor XR for about 9 years now (150mg once a day). I originally started taking it for A.D.D. and mild depression. It has worked incredibly for me. I went from no attention span to extremely focused. I also went through some events that increased my depression, and by upping the dosage, I was fine. The only side effects I&#039;ve had are extreme withdrawal symptoms if I miss a dose (severe headaches and jitters), and a decreased sex drive. I would strongly recommend this drug."
"I&#039;ve been taking Rytary since Feb 2016, I settled in on taking   3 capsules of Rytary 48.75mg/195mg 4 times a day &amp; 1 capsule of Rytary 61.25 mg / 245 mg at bedtime initially this dosing combination allowed me to achieve virtually no down time until, I experienced some serious stress which eventually led to 4 to 6 hours of off time a day as well as significant dyskinesia between doses, especially as the day wore on. Next I was favorably evaluated and underwent DBS surgery in Feb 2017 with stimulation I&#039;m still on the same day dose, but have stopped taking 2 capsules Rytary 48.75mg/195mg at bedtime with virtually no down time and no noticeable dyskinesia. Rytary has work very well for me during this time. With DBS hope to reduce daily Rytary"
"I suffered from severe anxiety for years particularly social anxiety. Been on 100mg a day for about six months now. I feel like a new person now ,feel normal and calm and doing things I hadn&#039;t thought possible. For me this is a wonder medicine. Took weeks before I felt an improvement but well worth sticking with it. Don&#039;t want to stay on it long term but worried about stopping as I never want to go back to chronic anxiety again. I&#039;m sure it&#039;s different for some people but I never felt better since taking Zoloft. Hope this helps"
"Initial use info and review. Little dizzy and nausea the first day. So far, blood sugar readings are dropping. Was around 107-117. Now at 83. A1C is at 6.7. Looking forward to dropping THAT number. Next A1C read is in mid July. No other adverse affects so far.

(This &quot;Anti-Spam&quot; verification is ridiculous)"
"I&#039;m not sure if durezol did any good. I do know that the ophthalmologist, gallemore, kept me on it for 18 months, without monitoring my IOP, resulting in optic nerve damage in both eyes--blindness in one eye and extreme visual deficits in the other.  My IOP was 60/63."
"Watch for side effects: sore muscles, tiredness, fuzzy thinking. Wait a minute....Maybe that&#039;s from the sex. Seriously, it&#039;s like nuclear power in a pill.  It just plain works."
"Within 1 hour of first dose, I, like many others on this thread, had no ejaculate. None. It was pretty disconcerting to say the least. As far as the BPH goes, it worked. I just can&#039;t justify taking something that ruins sex, no matter what the reason."
"This medicine helped me lose 13 pounds in 3 weeks. Still I have to lose 47 pounds to be in perfect BMI range. No side effects so far, may be because I don&#039;t eat oily/fatty food much."
"My daughter is 11 years old and she has been on 10mg of strattera for 28 days and has just jumped to 18mg. My concerns are the side effects. Skin rash, headaches and severe stomach cramps since going onto the higher dosage. Do I persist or take her off? Doctor wants me to persist but I am worried I am doing more harm. She battles to fall asleep taking pill at 6pm and in bed at 8:15pm. She cried every morning because she is tired. Should I be taking it in the morning?"
"I have had chronic urticaria for six months and have experienced the same non results from Xyzal as with all other antihistamines."
"Holy moly. I am 4 weeks into this medication and I feel horrid! My doc told me to stick with it. First week I vomited and felt like I had the flu for 4 days. The second injection was just a little motion sickness. The third injection I had horrible diarrhea and non stop vomiting. I just don&#039;t know how much more I can take. My blood sugars have been perfect though. I just can&#039;t deal with all the vomiting."
"After making the mistake of reading reviews of this treatment on a few sites - I felt I had to share my experience. What I had read scared me and made me pretty anxious. 

First off - about me. Mid 50s - way overweight and the knee I was working with had torn cartilage removed in late 80s. Didn&#039;t work. Now bone on bone and it crunches when I bend or move it wrong way

I had the Synvisc 1 treatment 2 days ago and it started with a needle for the freezing. Then a needle for the steroid. Finally the S1. When it was done, I felt good - no pain or anything so I attributed that maybe to the freezing. Pain is now almost gone - very little bone crunching. GP said 2-3 wks for full potential. 
Cant wait. 
I recommend but every individual is different"
"I&#039;ve been taking 300 mg of Wellbutrin for two months now, and I am really impressed with how great it has been.  I am way more motivated, feel happier, and quit smoking too.  I find it much easier to go to work, and going to the gym is actually wonderful, instead of the incredibly difficult task it was before.  I think that Wellbutrin works particularly well when combined with exercise.  I have had a little bit of dry mouth and some trouble sleeping, but when compared to the benefits, the side effects are very minor."
"I am in my early 50s.  The &quot;docs&quot; gave me this med initially for &quot;stress&quot;.  I was referred to a &quot;psychiatrist&quot; right after &amp; I complied.  The &quot;Psychiatrist&quot; announced I had &quot;full blown clinic depression&quot; even though all I felt was stress.  I took the medication as prescribed (25mg), &amp; had to endure 1 week of agony, but figured it was part of &quot;the drug&quot;.  I had muscle twitches, sweating, hot/cold sensation was thrown off, Blood pressure would shoot up &amp; drop low, NO SLEEP at all for 1 week, before the &quot;medication&quot; took hold.  Getting off the crap was just as bad if not worse.  As a result of this med, I have become well acquainted with the local Sheriffs Dept, who showed up twice to &quot;Baker Act&quot; me For the side-affect - suicidal thoughts."
"I have used Humira for about 1 year and 4 months.  This has been great.  I still use the Clobex spray on the tough spots that seem to never clear up.  But, they are very small.  If you are suffering from psoriasis then I would recommend trying Humira for sure.  The warnings they give make me a little nervous however.  I had moderate Psoriasis that seemed to be getting worse with time.  I had large places on my shins and was getting places on my scalp and my back and chest.  I thank my Doctor every time I see him for offering Humira to me.  I hope it keeps working with no side effects.  I am 46 years old and this Psoriasis hit me about three years ago from nowhere, no family history of it."
"Worst pill ever. So I was just like you looking, searching, reading reviews for my next birth control and my doctor put me on this in August 2015. The first 3 months were fine (assuming my body was adapting) my skin cleared up n stuff. But then in December I started getting spotting and a period almost every other week. And oooooo I was mean! That&#039;s the reason I&#039;m writing this! I&#039;ve become some moody, mean, irritated that is starting to affect my relationship with my boyfriend and not to mention sex... I want nothing todo with it   HORRIBLE vaginal dryness. I am still on this pill and hate it! Searching for a new one but writing this review because it&#039;s changed my life :("
"I drank the prep down in 4 gulps followed immediately by 2 16oz glasses of water.  The water helped clear the taste away.  The taste is sickly sweet with a strong bitter after taste - but not even close to making me gag or anything.  It took 1.5 hours before my first trip to the bathroom.  After that I went about 4-5 more times.  Next morning I took the second dose.  This time it kicked in quicker - about 45 mins.  Colonoscopy itself was no big deal because you&#039;re anethestized and don&#039;t remember or feel anything when it&#039;s done.  My colon was clean.   I had the colonoscopy because I turned 50 and last year a good friend was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer - he&#039;s in remission but took a real beating with the surgery &amp; chemo."
"I was on Cipralex for 8 months and many other meds. Zoloft is the first one that has given me a positive effect. It&#039;s less than 2 weeks but I have been so much better. I started at 25mg for 7 days than 50mg for 5 days. I will go to 75mg this week and hopefully that will give me all I need to be 100%."
"I take a small dosage as needed and it&#039;s very helpful in keeping my anxiety under control."
"After years of Social Anxiety/Panic attacks I had to sort myself out. I did some research into SNRIs/SSRIs and like many, was fearful of the side effects described by others and how bad it made people feel.

I went to the GP who prescribed Venlafaxine/Effexor.

The first few weeks I felt a little nausea, increased anxiety/panic attacks, delay in ejaculation. It never felt unmanageable. After 6 weeks all had gone.

I feel 80% less anxious in social/all situations, I feel calm and very much unphased by most things. I feel more confident, my mind is clearer and it is physically impossible to dwell on negative thoughts. Haven&#039;t had a panic attack!

Everyone reacts differently. I believed it a risk worth taking and I feel it has paid off!"
"I been on these medicine for a little over a month and I fell different.. a good different.  After dealing with PPD I was put on antidepressant medicines. I now know it was doing nothing for me and I didn&#039;t feel depressed. I felt off... not right. So fast forward new Doctor, new diagnosis, and these new medicines. I feel so much better. I feel life again.  I am enjoying feeling happy and different.  I make sure I take them everyday. "
"I loved almost everything about Yaz. My heavy, 7-day periods turned into light 3-4 day ones. Skin cleared up, and the reason I took it was to get rid of my horrible cramps - which it did a fantastic job of. Unfortunately, it affected my sex drive and I  felt my personality clouded over. I decided I&#039;d rather feel like myself and try my best to deal with cramps and heavy days without medicines."
"Ok so this gets an 8 because it was effective. HOWEVER, it&#039;s an AWFUL experience that I don&#039;t recommend to anyone!! The pain is unbelievable. You will sit on the toilet for hours wondering what went wrong in life to bring you to this point. If your doctor tells you to take it, you better make sure they&#039;ve prescribed some zofran for you because you&#039;re going to need it."
"I started to notice thinning in the front of my hair in my late 30&#039;s. Recently it was more than I wanted. So I went to a major pharmacy and retail chain and purchased the generic Rogain extra strength. For the first month there was no change. But I heard that it really doesn&#039;t start working until the second month of applying it to your scalp. 

Next week is officially month two. I applied Rogaine twice a day, once in the morning, and once before I went to bed. 

This last week I noticed more hair growth. It works. Granted it wasn&#039;t like I suddenly had the hair of a 15 year old boy. Where my hair was thinning it has grown in and the folicles appear thicker.  I gave it a 7 out of ten, because the growth is not a huge amount, but there is some"
"On day 1 of this Cymbalta and it&#039;s awful.  I didn&#039;t sleep last night, have felt tired all day, and struggled to &quot;zone&quot; into conversations or my own thoughts.  I&#039;ve felt worried all day and have had tremors, a sick tummy, a dry mouth and no sex drive.  My doctor prescribed me this so I could deal with stress at work and help reduce my blood pressure.  I don&#039;t think it&#039;s worth the side effects and I won&#039;t be taking anymore.  I will look for other options."
"I started taking Vesicare for my Overactive Bladder but it&#039;s has stopped being as effective as it was for the past several years. My doctor gave me a sample of Detrol LA 5 days ago and I&#039;ve had side effects. I have had a terrible head-ache, fatigue, and just felt awful. Finally figured out that it correlated to when I started on the Detrol LA. I&#039;ve called and asked to switch to another medicine. I can&#039;t function this way."
"I&#039;ve had the implanon for a year and 1 month, it is very effective because I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and im sexually active, but the side effects suck!!!!!! I spot all the time my period is normal and lasts for 4-6 days but it is followed by spotting a lot of spotting and I dont get a break and when i do its like 2-4 weeks and I start spotting for a full 2 months!
I hate the side effects, but its comfortable in the arm."
"I am a 41 year old female, as a child and teenager I was always high strung, but managed to get good grades in school. I had my first child at 18 after my child was born my energy was cut in half and did have quite a bit of depression. Four children later my youngest started noticing short term memory loss even for easy tasks, along with severe lack of energy. I have been taking Adderall  for 2 years now, my family noticed a great improvement in my ability to organize, take care of the house and my attitude was more positive. If you take your medicines as prescribed the medicine is wonderful. It changed my life for the better. "
"Synthroid makes my eyes have a burning sensation."
"I felt a YI coming on so went and picked up a 3 day store brand kit. Inserted last night, went to sleep no issues. It wasn&#039;t until today that the horrific burning, itching and swelling make me feel like my girly bits are roasting on a fiery pit. Worse than the actual YI. I&#039;ve never in my life has this kind of reaction. Perhaps I should have stuck with the 7 day. To make matters worse, there&#039;s a major snowstorm and so no way I&#039;m getting to the doctor to get a diflucan. I sincerely hate having a vagina. And someone should make the makers of this horrible product endure the same horrors"
"I have been on Bydureon for 3 months now, I have lost 10lbs. Without trying my blood sugars stay around a 100-120, I also take 2000mg metformin. The mixing is a pain, but its only once a week bumps at injection site and heartburn are my only reactions to the medication, I think its working great!"
"This is my second time on phentermine 37.5 mg
Last March I took the meds and  my was weight 198 and by July My weight was 173 I was extremely happy, but ran out of pills and money so I had to stop taking them. But I only gained 5 of those pounds back while off the meds. Now here I am again determined to reach my goal of 160.0 pounds I just recently started back on the medicine on Jan 2,2016 weighing at 178.8 and now a week and day later I&#039;m down to 174.4 I encourage any body that wants to make a change in there life to give this a try."
"In College I had a bad reaction to a medication and spent the entire day in bed and throwing up until my roommate gave me Dramamine and it completely took away the vomiting and helped me go to sleep. "
"I love love my Implanon. I have had it for 2 1/2 years now and it puts me at ease.  I never have to worry about forgetting a pill or taking pills late, also, it&#039;s not affected by antibiotics! I have very light periods every couple of months for a day or two that are easily managed with panty liners. I have noticed a decrease in sex drive, however not having a little one right now is definitely more important to me.  I will be getting it removed soon and will without a doubt get a new one."
"I have had my implant for about 10 months now, and I&#039;ve had a pretty good experiment with it. The changes I have seen are a slight raise in my moodiness, but nothing totally extraordinary. There was a big change in my period though, I went from getting it for a week every month to getting it for 3 weeks every 2 months. It&#039;s a pretty light period, but it&#039;s a little annoying having to wear pads for 3 weeks straight. I think it&#039;s worth it though, it does a great job of not getting me pregnant. When my 3 years is over I think I&#039;ll get it inserted again."
"I have tried many many other medications for my bipolar depression, none of which were effective. Wellbutrin improved my mood significantly and within the first two weeks. (they tell you it takes 4-6 for most meds to begin working) Don&#039;t suffer any longer, try this one. Ps. NO Weight changes!"
"I had nexplanon for a year and 6 months. I bled the entire time- at least 15 days a month. It wasn&#039;t a full flow, but it was always there and there was no rhyme or reason to the bleeding so I couldn&#039;t even plan for it. It worked as in I&#039;m not pregnant, but I couldn&#039;t take the bleeding. I kept hoping it would adjust to my body, but never did. My doctor said many women have the same result and that&#039;s why they get it removed. It&#039;s been gone a month and I have not bled since aside from my actual scheduled monthly period. It&#039;s great to be able to know when I&#039;ll be bleeding. My acne is completely gone as well (it wasn&#039;t severe, but my face is spotless now and nothing changed aside from removal). Insertion and removal was easy and painless."
"I took this medicine for about 5 years in addition to Lithium for bipolar 2. It was good for depression and anxiety, but I found I was tired a lot, and if I got a bad nights sleep (which was often) my mood could drop or I could become slightly hypomanic."
"I was on NuvaRing for 3 months. I have no complaints. The reason I went on it was because I have ovarian cysts. It actually helped the cysts. It was my first method of birth control (other than condoms). I had zero side effects besides sore breasts. "
"Got Skyla around 4 months ago (pills made me really emotional). Didn&#039;t read the horror stories but knew in general what I&#039;m getting myself into. As everyone else, I was told there will be spotting and cramps but they will stop. Well, for some they do and for me.. They didn&#039;t. I was able to walk home after insertion but my husband took me back to my provider after 3 hours of screaming in pain. They sent me back to drink a glass of wine. Spent the month after either taking painkillers or drinking wine in bed because the cramps made me unable to stand or walk. After 4 months I&#039;m still randomly getting severe cramps that force me to lie down. 

Could be that I have a small cervix but I&#039;m considering having my Skyla removed."
"I hated this. I had it put in 6 weeks after I had my son and I bled non stop for 2 years. Even had to have a blood transfusion. I got it removed in February 2017 and immediately went back to normal periods. I m now 26 weeks pregnant with my second child. Will not ever get this again. It was very effective in not getting pregnant but other than that it sucked"
"After taking Chantix for smoking cessation I fell into a spiral of severe d&egrave;pression. I didn&#039;t feel like leaving my home other than going to work  I gained 25 pounds and felt my life was hopeless   I had always felt like an extrovert trapped in an intraverts body. I stumbled upon  Valium when my husband gave me one for muscle cramps. The effects were amazing!  I no longer felt trapped in I my prison of isolation and misery. A word of caution though: this drug is addictive and should be taken in small amounts and withdrawal should be done slowly and under medical supervision. It is a shame Valium has such a bad rap"
"I decided to get the Paragard Iud because my body is very sensitive to hormones from birth control. I am currently 18 years old, I have had my IUD for 10 months ( I got last April) when I was 17. I have never had children, so my doctor was concerned about how I would do with the IUD and recommended I try something similar to the iud  called Skyla but it had hormones. Against my doctors concerns, we decided that the paragurd was the best option for me. When my paragard got inserted, it felt like bad period cramps. it really didn&#039;t hurt just uncomfortable for a few seconds. The iud has been great, periods can be painful/heavy occasionally but not bad, I have no other side effects. my fianc"
"I&#039;ve been on Bydureon for 18 months, and used Byetta for 8 months before that.  I switched from the Byetta because I couldn&#039;t handle the digestive upset any more, but the results were amazing.  My a1c has come down to the 5.7-5.9 level consistently.  Fasting BG is in the 80s normally.  I haven&#039;t had any of the stomach upset with Bydureon.  The shots are a pain and I don&#039;t think I like the pen very much since I can&#039;t control the shot as well.  I tend to have leakage with the pen and sometimes hit a sensitive spot and it hurts.  But since I started taking this class of drug my health is so much better!  I&#039;ve lost 95 lbs. and the health problems from diabetes have disappeared.  This could be a lifesaver for me!"
"I&#039;m 56 yr old male, active and I was dignosed with afib about 20 months ago. When it first started I thought it was anxiety and didn&#039;t go to doctor until I had an episode that lasted 9 hours.
After 2 months of tests doctor put me on 150 mg twice a day. After 7/8 months it was 3 times a day because episodes were almost everyday and getting worse. After 12 months it was 225 twice an 150 one time a day and I was still having episodes everyday. Told him that and was told to learn to live with it.
New doctor put me on 325ER 2 times per day an after 1 week called and said worst week I have had in a year. I&#039;m now on 425 twice a day for last 8 weeks. I have episodes every day still, some days worse than others. Have more tests  scheduled for next week"
"If you&#039;re here reading these comments, that means you&#039;re a boy or girl in the same position I was:  A mistake was made somewhere and you&#039;re concerned about pregnancy.  The waiting is gruesome, but I&#039;m here to assure you; this pill works.  After ingesting the pill 16 hours after sex, a period of terrible waiting began.  My girlfriend and I were both antsy and scared, and the time of her expected period came and went.  She was 8 days late, but alas, she had it.  This pill works in mysterious ways that can cause a later period, but I&#039;m here to tell you there is nothing to worry about.  It&#039;s scary, it&#039;s unsettling, but I&#039;m here to tell you to calm down and relax because this pill will take care of everything."
"I have been on the lowest dose of Trulicity for 1.5 weeks and I am IMPRESSED. I have had ZERO side effects, and my blood sugar started decreasing within 2 days! I went from from a fasting bs of 267 to 166 in 2 days. It has been 9 days since my first dose and today my fasting bs was 109. This is amazing. However, I am concerned about the fact that it caused thyroid cancer in mice! Therefore, I do not intend on taking this long term. I will be trying a natural alternative (berberine) once my Trulicity pens are used up to see if it works just as well."
"I&#039;ve had a lot of trouble getting the ring to stay in place! I&#039;ve had one baby so perhaps things are a little looser in there now, but it&#039;s still very annoying. It constantly slips down (not all the way out) and the bottom of it sits outside the opening. Also, it causes a huge amount of discharge to be released all the time. I&#039;m constantly wet and sticky. So, those are the negatives. I gave this a 5 out of 10 because I haven&#039;t noticed any weight changes or mood swings which is a huge plus. Also it&#039;s nice not to have to remember every day to take a pill. However, that also makes the chances of forgetting to take the ring out or change it much higher, because you&#039;re not thinking about it every day!"
"Started in Jan. At first I loved it. Short,  predictable period and my breasts got bigger. Developed severe nausea and started gaining weight. Took a pregnancy test because that was the only logical explanation right? I wasn&#039;t pregnant so I decreased my daily calories even more, increased my workouts, and still kept gaining weight. I also had trouble staying asleep through the night. And now really dry patches on my face. I hate that I have to stop because I loved the short periods and the $0 copay but the side effects are too much to handle."
"The breakthrough bleeding started a few days after I started taking it. Each day it gets worse.  It is now day 30, I think this will be my last pack.  I&#039;d rather have a heavy period for 3 days, and light bleeding for 5 more. At least I get at least a 10 day break before periods."
"We ladies have to remember that all our bodies compositions are different. I will have to rate this a 10  because it is doing its job. I got it placed no later than 2 months ago and I am no longer bleeding. I was spotting for the entire time from placement until up until a week ago. The draw backs are that my partner can feel the strings and he says they stick him and since I have stopped bleeding I have had symptoms of pregnancy. I guess its my body reacting to no period. I have been sleeping none stop, back pain, head aches from being tired all the time and hungry pains. I don&#039;t want to have any more children so I think I will get my tubes tied. "
"I got on it for cystic acne. It really did a great job for my skin with only a couple pimples around my period. It helped with periods. I rarely had any cramps and my period lasted about 3 days using only lite tampons.  It had a lot of down falls though that included hair loss, migraine headaches, spotting all month long, and terrible nausea a couple times a month."
"They took me off valium after taking it for anxieties from a severe Traumatic brain injury while in the military. Now with there new rules they put me on trazodone for anxiety and wow its the worst thing a person can take. Read about all the dangers about the side effects from ssri&#039;s they are killing american vets especially. Please if you read this don&#039;t ever take a SSRI. I have done a lot of reading and found that antidepressants are horrible for a person. Even the scientist have said they made a mistake and they are not able to test the serotonin in a persons brain. So basically you are a guinea pig. They don&#039;t work and your addiction means no more sex!!! How can the drug companies make such a pill to help people when there the worst drug a person can take."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for approximately 5 months.  It lifted me out of a severe depression.  Had been on Effexor x 5 years.  The side effects for me are extreme itching and sexual side effects."
"I highly reccomend the implant to anyone. I got mine inserted in early May 2015 now being October 2015 I haven&#039;t had any period since then which to me is a great side effect because who actually enjoys bleeding from their vagina every month, right? The only downsides for me are that I have absolutely no idea when my next period will be or if I&#039;ll ever get one (on the implant) and the other thing was at first I was a bit gross&#039;d out at the fact I could feel the implant inside my arm which you get used to as time passes. Positive side effects-No babies for 3 years unless I decide to have one or get it taken out which is unlikely "
"I&#039;ve been on solodyn (minocycline) for about a week now and it&#039;s definitely helped. I never had the bad initial breakout like some do but my cheek acne hasn&#039;t completely cleared up, still getting some cysts and whiteheads. Hopefully will get 100% better within the next few weeks. 
Ps I went on doxycycline for three months last year and cleared me up completely but broke out worse than ever after I got off of it so be careful and have a plan when you get off of these kinds of antibiotics."
"I took singulair for the 1st time last night and have been awake ever since. I also notice out of the blue I started crying. I know it was the medicine because before taking it I slept well for the most part. This morning I got up and reread the possible side affects and last night will be my 1st and last time taking singulair.  The sad part is I have to go to work n all I wanna do is sleep "
"It works better than Flexeril. I have a spinal cord injury."
"I like this pill because:

1. It doesn&#039;t cause migraines with aura, which the combined pill caused for me. 
2. I just got my first period after five months of taking it. This is wonderful for me because my periods are excruciating. 

However, there are some slight complaints. 

1. I don&#039;t like the frequent spotting. I take my pill extremely regularly, and the spotting seems unrelated to how well I take it, which is annoying. 
2. I hate how painfully sensitive my nipples have been. On a bad day, something just moving across my nipple feels like yanking!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about 6-9 months and its a wonderful drug. No more paranoid thoughts or delusions. I&#039;m on the max dose which is 20 mg. It made me sleep for 12-14 hours a night at first but not anymore."
"It was my life saver drug. I have PTSD as bad as a war veteran they diagnosed. I take 300 mg a day and the flight reflex is greatly reduced. I am not always on fight mode now. I have been taking it for 9 years and am not willing to try anything else at this time. I can function in the world today."
"I had a few yeast infections in my short lifetime; more UTIs than anything and I always took a pill I got from the doctor. This time I was like, &quot;let&#039;s just use something over the counter!&quot; My biscuit regrets this decision as well as my body trying to extinguish the flames. Heaven help any woman who uses the oval egg of death."
"After taking 20 mg of pravastatin for about 3 weeks, 1x day, my blood pressure started to go extremely high, in the range of 175/97. It remained about at this level for about 4 days until my doctor said to stop taking it. In about 3 days my pressure dropped back to normal which for me, is about 135/82. I am a 71 yr. female in otherwise good health. Quite a shocking experience. This is a new side effect for this drug."
"Been on the Depo for 3 1/2 years now. No periods. Terrible weight gain. Mood changes. I&#039;m looking to get off of it."
"I Have fibromyalgia and severe pain this works for a while but the pain does come back but for those hard core flare ups it sure took the edge off the pain and made me functional again also had herniated disc in my back a few years ago and it took that pain away almost instantly  I say yes to toradol"
"Works so well for me and my family. However it has been increasingly hard to find in pharmacies.  Keep being told it is no longer manufactured, or is behind in production.  Wish I could get it easier when we need it."
"I have had a very positive experience with this drug daily over the last 2 months.  Side effects nil.  If you are concerned about side effects you should talk to your physician, but my two cents would be not to be dissuaded by a few bad experiences reported on this board, as those are extreme outliers if you look at the label.  Anyway, best advice is always to talk to your doc.  Good luck if you are looking for help on OTC drugs, like I was!"
"I have been on ortho tri cyclen LO since I was 15 I am now 21 . I recently tried out the regular ortho tri cyclen the past month (I know they say it takes about 3 months to fully kick in) but WORST experience I can&#039;t even last more than a month on this . I&#039;m going back on the LO. The amount of water weight I am retaining is INSANE my feet look like sausages . I&#039;m a solid 125 and vigorous gym junkie and I am 132 pounds now and feel like I constantly have a pregnant belly. I go into full mood swings non stop and in general just feel disgusting about myself. my skin is usually clear and I keep getting bad breakouts on my face and shoulders . very nauseous at night as well all the time ."
"The reviews I read about Implanon seriously freaked me out at first. So much so, that I cancelled my initial consultation. After talking things over with a friend, I decide to just go for it. Long story short, I love this birth control. I don&#039;t have to take pills daily anymore and I&#039;m always protected. It&#039;s very effective AND I still have monthly periods. My first period was a little long, like 8-9 days, but now they&#039;re normal length (3-5 days) and easy. My only complaint would be that while on the pill my cramps virtually disappeared. Since being on Implanon, my cramps have returned however not as strong! I recommend this for all young women like myself-- do yourself the favor."
"Makes &quot;pinging&quot; pains in my legs especially around my knees by the 4th day.  Took Motrin, but will ask to change meds."
"After the removal of a tumour and bone graft surgery I suffered from debilitating pain that occurred at night which ultimately kept me from sleeping.  For years, me and the doctors searched for the source of the pain but they could not find a reason and I was told to live with it.  This year I was suggested Cymbalta because my doctor had said it was working as a pain reliever for other patients.  I was willing to try anything to rid the pain and After about 3 weeks I noticed a dramatic decrease in my pain.  After a few months I am practically pain free. For those who deal with chronic pain on a daily basis this is best thing that could happen.  I never thought anything would help, Cymbalta has given me my life back."
"Easy to use and once a week is great. Not many problems with it giving me too low blood sugar. The injector is easy to use and really not painful.


 I haven&#039;t been on it long, but I do think I eat less ( mild beneficial anorexia) and actually get a full feeling when eating ( I don&#039;t know about everyone else but I never feel full until I&#039;ve eaten so much that I hurt). I&#039;m looking forward to good A1c results ( my latest was 7.1) and maybe some weight loss too."
"Been on belviq for a week now. Appetite has seriously changed. I basically eat cause I know I have to eat. I have NOT suffered from headaches like I did the first 2-3 days. Have not yet weighed myself but my starting weight was 187 lbs!! Will weigh when I finish my first months med.
I only was prescribed one per day so I take it around noon and it lasts me the entire day. I haven&#039;t been going to the gym yet but will restart again next week. I definitely notice a change in how my clothes fit I strongly recommend belviq to EVERYBODY."
"What a complete waste of money! The first night I took it I slept for four hours, the second night I took it I did actually sleep for six hours..it&#039;s 2:30 in the morning and I&#039;m still wide awake the third night."
"It helps but unfortunately all Walmarts in Reno Nv are constantly out of stock.
I went to a pharmacy thinking surly they must stock the product but I had no luck. The pharmacist had no I deal what this product was. I felt like the pharmacist thought I was asking for OxyContin. I wish they would change the name and stock the store better with this product. What a shame now I will have to depend on a physician for a perscription. This product only helps for the first two days not for four days as advertised."
"I got this birth control in February (now it&#039;s April) and I have noticed this pill has had a few side effects. One being I&#039;m always tired and get tired out really easily which is annoying because I&#039;m always sleeping when I want to be with friends, another is  nausea I will feel sick occasionally and have headaches, and the last is being SUPER emotional, I will cry for no reason and I believe it has made me a little depressed. I&#039;m hoping this will all blow over if not I&#039;m getting a new pill."
"Have been on Anafranil for 5 weeks now. Prior to starting this medication I tried Lexapro (horrible panic attacks   no sleep), Zoloft (made me depressed, worsened anxiety), Cymbalta (dreamlike state, made me totally dysfunctional), dothiepin (slightly alleviated anxiety but not much). I have only taken Anafranil for 5 weeks and it has already cured me of chronic anxiety, panic attacks. Took 4 weeks to really start working but turned out to be a surprisingly effective medicine. I feel great for the first time in years and am starting to get my life back. It has also helped my agoraphobia a great deal, magical stuff."
"I have been on Seasonale for over a year now, and it is the only birth control that has actually worked for me, after going through 6 other brands. I went from having very heavy periods and cramping for 7 days, to having a very light (hardly there) period every 3 months. It also managed to clear up the cystic acne that came along with it. My only issue with it was that for the first month or two on the pill, I did have some spotting and bleeding, but it quickly went away, and haven&#039;t had any bleeding since then. Other than that I haven&#039;t experienced any other symptoms, and I highly recommend Seasonale!"
"Topamax worked pretty well for my daily headaches/migraines. I was down to using 6 of the 9 Imitrex pills that I usually suffered the rest of the month needing more of before. It also helped my cravings for alcohol (former binge drinker) and sugar, significantly. Topamax works for so many things- but there were 2 side effects that I couldn&#039;t deal with- irritability and hair loss. I recently had the same experience with Keppra- minus the benefits of Topamax. I have gone through all the seizure medicines with minimal benefit and all have caused hair loss for me except Zonegran, which didn&#039;t help my headaches at all."
"Works well for me but also gave me yeast infections."
"I been on this patch like 2 weeks and so far it has eliminated my hot flashes. Works very fast and I have felt no side effects."
"I&#039;m 4 years status post breast CA and doing well... no recurrence for my Stage IIIA.  I started taking tamoxifen, then my oncologist switched me to Femara.  I do have frequent hot flashes ((whew!) and joint and bone pain that worsens with being tired.  Overall, I am able to tolerate the medication, and my oncologist believes it is the treatment of choice for me.  The side effects of being without estrogen are worse than the Femara side effects.  I know the drug is working as having no estrogen produced results in atrophic vaginitis, decreased sex drive, and other female issues that are bothersome.  But, in the big picture of life, it&#039;s a small price to pay to be, and hopefully stay, cancer free.  I will continue to use Femara!"
"I&#039;ve been on Bystolic for a few weeks, and it&#039;s true that it controlled my rate very quickly. I have had a fast heart rate with apparently no cause they can discover. Like an average of 95, then 105 walking. Now, the rate is 68.  Amazing.  My pressure was also higher and now, it&#039;s better."
"I had been using Benicar with good results except an occasional headache and lightheadedness upon getting up quickly. Because of the high price, I asked my doctor to prescribe a cheaper product - Lisinopril. I have only been on it a short time but have experienced so many side effects that I&#039;m asking to go back on Benicar - high cost or not."
"I have been taking this BC for 4 months now because I was becoming sexually active again and this pills completely kills that. I have absolutely no sex drive, to the point where even thinking about sex stresses me out. I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds. I am always always tired. I am overly emotional and can cry over anything. Constant headaches and the nauseous is unbearable. I didn&#039;t really know why I was feeling all of these things, because it took about 2.5 months to notice, but these other reviews helped me connect the dots to the pills causing me so much trouble. Everyone reacts differently, but I don&#039;t recommend risking it."
"I am 49 and my right knee has been hurting for a year.  MRI showed no tears, just worn cartilage.  Steriod shot gave immediate 100% relief from pain but only for 2 1/2 months.  Dr. gave me the series of Euflexa shots and the shots were not painful...just a little uncomfortable.  But I have had very little relief from pain.  I am having to take anti-inflammatory and pain pills but still not much relief.  Scared Dr. Is going to have to scope it.  "
"I normally get UTI All the time, I also suffer from Interstitial cystitis (IC) of the bladder, so it&#039;s hard to tell when I have a UTI or just a flare from my IC. I saw my Dr. Last week, and I had some burning, So I figured might as well get my urine checked, came back I have a UTI, my Dr. Called in antibitic, I assumed it would be Levaquin that&#039;s the one I have always gotten, really the only one that I get no side effects, will only take that or cipro, so when hubby came back with macrobid, I emailed my Dr. Thinking he forgot, he said the kind of UTI I have Levaquin will not work on it, I am on 4th day 2xday no side effects but still burning &amp; pressure!so not sure if it is working."
"I took these for a couple weeks and my tummy has been hurting bad and my skin and very itchy and not sure if this is with it but i got a face yeast infection and my eyes kind of bother me."
"I had my mother taking this for her allergies.  It did nothing for her.  After taking for almost 3 weeks, she broke out in hives.  We stopped immediately.  Went back to Clariten"
"It&#039;s my first day and I have thrown up 3 times since I&#039;ve taken it. I don&#039;t know if this is normal but I&#039;m just giving it a month, then go back to my birth control shots which I love. I&#039;m 22 and have been on the shots since I was 18."
"So I think people should be aware that there are two products and two percentages. There is a cream and a gel. There are also a 0.1% and 0.3%. The one sold in the store is 0.1%. BenzaClin was leaving me with little bumps on my head (I&#039;m athletic and it started to create fungus on my head) while prescription retinol gel was just making me red and puffy. I tried the 0.1% gel from Walmart. I was aware it would take awhile so I gave it two months to work. My skin looks so much better now. I use Neutrogena anti-wrinkle moisturizing on top of it. I&#039;m guessing if it&#039;s like any retinol product you have to build into using higher percentage, at this point I could probably ask my doctor for 0.3% but I figure why mess with a good thing."
"Been on this anatibiotic for a little over a week and has made my face look worse than it has ever before. Really getting tired of acne and nothing works."
"I have been on this pill a little over a month now. This is the first birth control pill I&#039;ve ever been on. So far,  I think it&#039;s great! I have only mild symptoms from time to time such as nausea but nothing horrible. My periods are definitely lighter which is good cuz I used to have very heavy periods. I have noticed my sex drive go down, but not so far down that I have no desire. I just have significantly less desire. Since starting the pill, I haven&#039;t noticed any improvement in my skin nor have I noticed any worsening of my acne. Also, I haven&#039;t noticed any changes in my mood so that is also a plus! Overall, Mononessa is working for me due to the lighter pills, very mild side effects, and so far the effectiveness of preventing pregnancy!"
"My 11 yo has been on concerta for 2 months. The first few days he did experience some nausea although went away. After the first week I could tell a huge difference in his attitude.. He suddenly had a sense of humor, engaged in conversation without being distracted, and was bringing home/completing homework with no trouble! His grades have immensely improved!! I can tell a difference (not huge) on the weekend days he doesn&#039;t take it. Or if he didnt sleep well the night before and when it begins to wear off in the evening he tends to be a little grouchy. Only other down side I&#039;ve noticed so far is that he has lost approx 4lbs/mo which is concerning if it continues. So far, happy with the results!"
"I was on 50 mg for a month and it seemed to help a bit. My doctor and I agreed to up to 100mg last week. Since then my anxiety and intrusive thoughts have been awful. Is this just a side effect until it balances out?!"
"I was excited when I 1st heard about Uceris&#039; approval for ulcerative colitis. I started taking it and the 1st few days I felt pretty good with minimal bathroom trips/stomach upset, etc. After about 3 days things got worse and worse each day I took the medicine. It started as constant cramping and stomach pain, and slowly having very urgent bathroom needs. I had to stop taking Uceris because it made all my symptoms worse. So know that going in, that it can help you, but it also might make your situation worse. "
"This works! I&#039;m writing this because, for two weeks after taking this I stressed about it being effective. I&#039;m 21, in college, 5&#039;1 and 110 pounds. I don&#039;t take birth control because I am not usually sexually active. Long story short, I had a risky one night stand, unprotected. (stupid, irresponsible) I know. I took plan b one step at around 6:30 the next evening, around 15 hours later. I was especially worried because this was right around ovulation time. I had few side effects. Day 1 was at night, gave me a slight headache and made me depressed. Day 2 I felt fine all day but had a few instances of dizziness. About a week in I had mild cramps and slightly sore breasts. Now, two weeks later, my period came, right on time."
"I&#039;ve been taking Remeron for about five months.  I was prescribed this medicine to help me fall asleep and I&#039;ve found that it does work.  I haven&#039;t had any side effects from it. I also take Effexor XR for depression."
"Should have been on this 20 yrs ago, no more anxiety and suffocating panic attacks. I sleep like a log, am happy and incredibly patient with everyone around me. Every little noise doesn&#039;t bother me anymore, I see the humour more easily in all situations. Like I tell my brothers, you don&#039;t have to live feeling all wound up like an elastic band ready to snap."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 4 months. I do get nauseous taking it. My appetite seems to have decreased but I&#039;ve gained a lot of weight on it. I do get headaches more often and for some reason I get constipated as well"
"I am 5&#039; 8&quot;, 53.  Start weight 233.  Start date 6/27/16, as of today 8/19/16 I am down 30 pounds.  203! Yes, I have some side effects but I have learned to deal.  Constipated, have a serving of raw pumpkin seeds to get things moving.  Dry mouth, drink, drink, drink!  Water of course.  Feeling foggy.  I feel so much less loopy after I get my daily exercise in, don&#039;t know why but it changes.  Water also helps with the loopy foggy feeling.  The side effects are minimal as this drugs works along with a diet change and an exercise plan.  I take the 7.5.  Which takes my food craving away."
"I did several rounds of this birth control. At first I loved the idea of only having to worry about it every three months. My boobs grew so much! That was great and my period completely stopped all together. I was beaming the first month and a half. Then the spotting started (and lasted about three weeks) and I was steadily gaining weight despite eating healthier and working out five times a week. Eventually I lost my libido all together and was absolutely disgusted at the idea of sex. I couldn&#039;t even touch myself. I developed small zits in my forehead and horrible mood swings. Never. Again."
"It really helps my anxiety, but it makes me pretty drowsy"
"This drug was a miracle for me! I was very skeptical on taking these because of the horrible reviews that are out there. I went to my doctor and he prescribed me Azithromycin. It did nothing for me. My ear got really inflammed and I was half deaf in my ear. Fluid was blocked up. I went back to the doctor 2 days later (Wednesday) and he prescribed me steroids, to get rid of the inflammation, and he gave me Avelox. He told me to start Avelox Saturday, if needed. Saturday came and I seemed to be better. I didn&#039;t take it. Sunday came and the ear pain came back. I took Avelox and my ear infection feels like it&#039;s 80% healed! It&#039;s been about 29 hours since I took the first pill and my ear feels amazing! NO side effects!"
"Horrible! Will never buy this again. Only read these reviews after 2nd dose. I was bawling. Hubby had to keep wiping the medicine that leaked out as every time it touched my skin I would be on fire again. Someone on here suggested Vaseline before inserting the applicator to host the skin and it helped a lot. I will never buy this again and will go to the doctor to get a prescription for something oral. My vagina is red, and was swollen for the first 2 days of the 3 day insert treatment."
"So I had the mirena after my first daughter and had it again after my second but felt it was making me very moody and gained weight. So I just have been on aviane for 2 weeks and I have had painful heartburn and acid reflux to the point of no sleep for 3 nights straight this past week and extremely bloated feeling. I was really excited to be back on the pill since before my kids I was on the pill and never had any issues, but I&#039;m only two weeks in and my body is hating itself. 

Sad to say I would not recommend. But everyone is different"
"After reading many reviews, I fully expected to be nauseated. Checked my work schedule to see when best time was to call in sick so I&#039;d know when to start. Bought Gravel too. Took my first shot last week. Side effects: NONE. Good effects: sugars are rapidly falling. I&#039;m shocked. But very happy. Worth a try."
"46 year old male - count 238. I pump under each arm. 
I&#039;ve only been on this for 4 days now so I can&#039;t say how effective it is yet - I am having side effect after side effect however with each day being different. To sum it all up though: 
Nausea - day 1 and 2 
Rapid heartbeat - Day 1 only
Induced asthma attacks ( haven&#039;t had one in years) Days 1 and 2
Odd/sour taste in mouth - days 3 and 4 
RAGE - day 4 (I wanted to drive over everyone on the highway!)
and the worst: Day 4 - upper abdominal bloating. So bad it feels like someone added 50 pounds to my upper abs.  Now it wasn&#039;t all bad - Day 3 I felt GREAT with the exception of the odd taste in my mouth. I told my doctor yesterday of the symptoms up to that point and he said they should pass"
"The 4mg dosage works very well for seasonal allergic reactions."
"I was on Loestrin and I had gained 25 lbs over a 2 year period. I switched over to LoSeasonique because its the same hormone I took when I first started taking birth control pills 15 years ago. Over a 2 month period I was able to drop almost all the weight I had gained. I was on the Brand name LoSeasonique for 9 months with zero side effects and then I was switched to generic. Over 1 month I gained 7 lbs and became very moody (just as I was on the Loestrin) I have asked my DR to send over a new prescription with no generic marked. I will pay the extra not to be such a mess!"
"This was given, to me, intravenously in the E.R. for a severe migraine headache.  It didn&#039;t relieve it immediately, but the pain did subside after sleeping for several hours. The side effects are numerous and I would be cautious of taking this again, for those reasons."
"400mgs twice a day will stop an outbreak. The itching will usually stop within 12 hours after the first dose. I have not had to take it for more than two days. I have not experienced side effects from this medication."
"I started taking clonidine for hot flushes and anxiety, its definitely not helped at all and made me feel ten times worse, I&#039;ve suffered with hot flushes, dizzyness to the extent I nearly fainted, shaky hands 3 to 4 times a day, shortness of breath and feeling totally disorientated every single day, its been absolutely awful and have not been able to go about my daily life. I&#039;m now trying to wean myself off them."
"Started almost a month ago, I just got over my period when I recieved the injection, I started my menses about week and half after injection, they said this is normal, overall pain is a tad worse, the drs also said that would happen, I&#039;m not giving a full rating on it yet, I haven&#039;t been on it long enough, they are trying to shrink a 3 inch abdominal wall endometriosis, I will have to stay on the drug for a year, also been prescribed norethindrone, haven&#039;t really had the side effects listed with this drug, not sure I will later on or not."
"I&#039;m on my second pack of this pill and its been not so good for me I&#039;ve been constantly getting yeast infections."
"I took the advice of another poster and bought a large volume enema and did a clean out first. My Dr. is OK with it, though says I don&#039;t need to. It sure makes hold it in much, much easier. I still sleep with a towel under me, but I don&#039;t leak if I do the enema first. I would say that if you have a hard time keeping it in (as I did) try the enema bag trick....You can get one at any drugstore. It sounds not fun, but its not that bad and it works!"
"These tiny little pills are amazing I was suffering with migraines every 2 days I&#039;ve been taking them 2 weeks nearly 3 weeks and only had one migraine and that was in the very beginning I could cry with relief it&#039;s taken 2 years of migraines to be finally given some sort of relief and I couldn&#039;t be happier I&#039;m noise reactive so loud noises can trigger a migraine I put these tiny pills to the test and went to a friends birthday party loud music people shouting and nothing no migraine when normally the first 5 minutes of loud anything I&#039;d be hunting down pain relief cold packs and a dark room and for the first time in what feels like forever I actually had a great time with friends they&#039;re great so happy"
"Southern cooking and big bones is what caused me to gain weight. 5&quot;7 204 lb female. Six months as a the test patient and my doc is sold on my 45.56 pound weight loss. I am happier and feel in control of what I eat and when I eat. I had a headache for two days and now just feel calm, no figeting sleep like a baby. Another 10 to 15 lbs and I will be at my goal."
"Cleared symptoms very quickly.  I had no side effects."
"I  have been using Drysol for 15 years.  I have figured out the perfect process for using the product. 

 If you aren&#039;t careful you can apply Drysol in such a way that it will cause extreme burning sensations and rashes.  Here&#039;s how to apply it properly:   Men, carefully shave the center portion of your armpits  to expose the bare skin.  If you look closely you&#039;ll be able to see the sweat gland areas of your armpits.   Apply the product only  to this area and not to the surrounding skin.  Do this right before bed and sleep all night long with it on your armpits - should keep you dry for 3 to 4 weeks.  Do this multiple nights in a row for a longer affect.  My dad totally cured his hyperhydrosis by doing this every Night for two weeks."
"I have been on Klonopin for over 6 yrs now.  Has been working great. I take it for Bipolar Disorder and Panic Disorder without agoraphobia.  I have had my times off of it, but also experiencing Epilepsy. I usually  have seizures within 48 hrs of being off Klonopin.  Needless to say I&#039;m still taking it (0.5mg tabs 4 times daily).  Works great, and it was the first benzodiazepine I&#039;ve been prescribed and only one that works for me.  I&#039;ve tried Ativan, Xanax, Valium and Restoril. They all work great, but I&#039;ll always prefer Klonopin."
"Month 4 of these pills... day 14 of bleeding... day 3 of a constant headache... increasing stomach issues. Experienced horrible nausea and increased appetite that subsided after 3 months, but now experiencing new side effects. "
"MY PCP prescribed pristiq for my depression, anxiety, mood issues etc. He told me that the drug takes a few weeks before you could see a difference but I feel like I experienced everything the first day I took the drug. Although my mood and energy improved and felt better overall the side effects were so severe I decided to discontinue after the first day. My side effects started with heart palpitations, sweating, dizziness and a faint feeling. This later subsided but turned into nausea and loss of appetite I couldn&#039;t eat anything that day and even water made me gag. That night I slept for a total of 3 hours I couldn&#039;t stay asleep and the time I did fall asleep it felt like I wasn&#039;t asleep at all. My body felt numb and my heart was racing."
"Works great already lost 20pounds in 2 weeks."
"I&#039;ve heard that this can be a good experience for some, but I unfortunately had a terrible time. It made me sick, have headaches, gain weight, nauseous, tired, a 4 month long period, and severe anxiety and depression (which was so overwhelming it was the #1 reason I got it out early). It was also very painful to extract---it took over an hour of a scalpel and tweezers in my arm before it finally came out. I understand that I may have had an especially bad experience with this, but be warned that it&#039;s possible. This implant is amazing if you want to be sick and suicidal. And also if you love the sight and sound of your own blood dripping into a metal pan because the nurse did not anticipate it to be so difficult to remove."
"I have been using this insulin for 2 years, my fasting reads are over 200. I feel tired, muscle and joint pain. 
I use it along with novorapid, and no effectiveness what so ever.  My doctor is certain that this is the right one for me."
"Several of my friends have had positive experiences with no side effects but unfortunately I can not say the same about myself. I have had Nexplanon for 10 months and I am going to try to get it out soon. I have never before been dizzy and now I have vertigo all the time (lately every day) which makes even walking hard sometimes. I&#039;ve gained 30 pounds, have insomnia, and am moody and depressed."
"I have only been on Falmina for about 2 months but I&#039;m switching soon due to the ridiculous amount of cystic acne it has caused. I&#039;m prone to acne anyway, but this put it through the roof. I never got chin or cheek acne until this product. The up side it besides that I have no other side effects. My mood is good, no nausea or headaches, and I think it&#039;s slowed my hair growth. Most of the problems I&#039;ve heard about this birth control have to do with skin so if you&#039;re not acne prone then I would recommend it."
"Tingling, burning in toes with swelling, Leg discomfort were major complaint , particularly on left side."
"Typically, only people with negative reviews leave comments...however I&rsquo;ve been taking Taytulla for about 3months now and it&rsquo;s been great. No breakouts, no headaches, no weight gain or food cravings. I have actually lost weight while on this pill. So far, so good."
"This is my first month on this name brand. Before I used Lessina, which I used for one year and my pharmacist said it&#039;s the same pill under a different name. 

I have much lighter periods with almost non-existent cramps. My periods are 1 day shorter. I do have a light PMS for about a week before hand, which doesn&#039;t thrill me, but it&#039;s worth the trade off. I have no emotional side effects, and my sex drive seems the same. I still have good vaginal lubrication, which was an issue for me with a different birth control, so I am happy about that. My weight has been up and down my whole life, so I can&#039;t blame the birth control.

I&#039;m a happy camper with Sronyx. I wish it was cheaper, though. "
"I&#039;ve been on 20mg for about 10 days now.  It does make me very tired so I take it before bedtime.  My only concern is that my shoulders and lower neck are in constant discomfort, almost painful.  I hope this stops soon or I will stop the med."
"My Doctor prescribed Flomax Min Dose, I was on for 10 years for a weak urine stream. Looking back,the condition for the weak stream was probably more psychological, Stress related. All medical examinations indicated normal to small prostate size and normal PSA level.  All blood work test showed normal.  When I started the medication,my urine stream strength improved with no noted side effects, I was Happy.  I was laid off, insurance ran out I couldn&#039;t afford the medication. I noticed after a few weeks that my Body was seriously depend on Tamsulosin. I could barely urinate &amp; It still very painful. After 2 mo. condition improved a bit but still there, No infections.I&#039;m fearful of taking meds long term.  Doc didn&#039;t tell me this could happen.  Don&#039;t know what 2 do!  "
"I had to stop taking this drug primarily because it just messed up my sinus&#039; and burnt where I have plugs in.  Made the situation worse not better.  I don&#039;t think this drop should be used with punctal plugs..."
"This stuff doesn&#039;t work for acne . It hasn&#039;t helped my skin at all and that was one of the reasons why I got birth control"
"This medicine helps me the most. I can get out of bed and actually feel no pain. "
"Oh eff this pill. First my Dr put me on Provera to do a medicinal D&amp;C vs. a surgical on. That was a mess. So we discussed BC pills instead because that should have a more standard response. Well my body gave me two giant middle fingers. I&#039;ve been bleeding for 19 days. I&#039;m not just talking  spotting. I use the Diva Cup, I&#039;m shedding 1/4 oz - 1/2 oz every day. Pretty sure I&#039;m anemic at this point.Oh and my acne is atrocious."
"My son started Vyvanse two weeks ago and the difference is incredible. He has never had behavioral issues and only suffers from ADD. He just couldn&#039;t concentrate or stay on task. Reading was a nightmare and he was barely managing to pass. We were scared of trying any medicines but are so glad that we did. He did experience a few side effects such as headaches and nausea the first few days, but those have passed. Most important, he is still my son, no zombies. Homework is easy and his teacher already reports better grades. I encourage any parent to at least try this medicine. It has improved our quality of life even. We have more time for fun stuff and I don&#039;t have to nag him constantly to do his normal chores. They get done the first time."
"Hi.Since using Evra patch I could not be happier. Firstly, I always had an irregular period and my flow was very bad to a point where I wore 9 pads per day, meaning 3 pads at a time. The menstrual pain was to a point I could not walk and I have a full 7 day cycle. I never knew when my next cycle would be. Sometimes I&#039;d skip 5 months or so. After going to my gynae she put me on my first ever contraceptive called Minese. It made me so sick I had migraine everyday and was nausea all the time. I then went to my GP and he recommended Evra patch which works through the skin. I have never been so happy to get my period. I now only use one pad everytime I change, No migraine, no nausea, no mood swings, no weight gain and my skin looks better than ever. I have very light cramps when its time for my period and my flow is 10 times less than it was. Call me crazy but its a pleasure to have my menstrual cycle and knowing when it will arrive. I could have not asked for a better contraceptive to regulate my period. Also, its such a pleasure even when it comes to being intimate with my partner. We have no worries seeing that we don&#039;t want kids yet, I trust evra. following the instructions are simple from when its safe to when we should wait to be intimate when first applying the patch. I am a Happy Evra user. Good-bye irregular cycle,cramps,pain, heavy flow and miserable period.. Hello to a happy me."
"It worked great in conjunction with Lotrel. It just REALLY makes me sleepy! Do not take it if you are going to be driving."
"I have had 2 mirenas in the past, one before my first child, one after, and have just had my 3rd inserted today, 6 weeks after my second child. It has worked very well for me, completely takes my period away after the first couple spotty months. I do not experience any significant side effects, and was happy to switch to this from being on the pill for 15 years. I have depression and it has not worsened my symptoms, and actually has improved my sex drive. The first one my husband couldn&#039;t feel at all, the second one poked him a few times depending on position but we both agreed the benefits far outweighed the negatives for both of us - no period, no moods swings, no cysts on my ovaries, better libido, all of which were a problem on the pill"
"I have been on Gleevec since 2/2006.  My white blood cell count went from 350,000 to 75,000 in less then three months.  I went into full moleculer remission by 2/2007.  Have the BCR-ABL blood test every 6 months and there is no more Philadelphia Chromosome since.  I still can get nauseated and once in a while vomit if I do not take my Reglan correctly or take Zofran with it, but that&#039;s a minor annoyance since this medicine saved my life.  I would have only had a 40% chance of survival if I would have had a bone marrow transplant.  This medicine is a 95% chance of survival and I&#039;m just about to that magical mark of 10 years on the medicine."
"Just checking in again. Switched my pill from minastrin to kariva. Lost all the weight I gained on minastrin. 10 lbs in 2 weeks. This pill is terrible. Terrible side effects. Terrible copay. Terrible behavior changes. Terrible everything."
"I have been taking this medication for about 6 weeks and have lost 12 pounds, including 5 inches off my hips and 2 inches off my waist.  I exercise 5 days a week.  It is an intense work out which includes cardio and weights.  I do not feel as hungry all of the time like I did before.  I drink a gallon of water a day if not more.  I have experienced a few side effects like dry mouth, rapid heart rate, some constipation, and headache.  I want to continue until I reach my goal and do not want to give up!  Seems like in the past I always give up, but not this time.  This works really well and highly recommend this.  I have 25-30 pounds more to go!"
"I developed an extreme anxiety disorder inside my own home. Every day, my anxiety was at a constant 8/10, and if an &#039;event&#039; occurred, it would become an anxiety attack (10 /10). I was prescribed Klonopin &amp; fluoxetine (which I&#039;d successfully taken before for depression).

This lasted NINE MONTHS. My therapist was giving me useful tools to use to conquer the anxiety, however my symptoms were too high for them to be effective.

My prescribing doctor switched me to Paxil/paroxetine and it changed my life. Within 2-3 weeks my constant anxiety leveled out to a 3 or lower and I was better able to use the tools to conquer any spike in anxiety. Paxil helped me to take back control of my life. Anxiety no longer owns me!"
"I got a Zero Co-pay coupon for this medication and have been using it for about 8 months now with little relief from psoriasis. It&#039;s greasy, takes a while to apply to all my areas, and doesn&#039;t work any better than regular lotion for me. "
"In use for 6 weeks with noticeable reduction in muscle soreness and overall general body stiffness. Suffered for years with stiffness, soreness, lack of flexibility, and difficulty getting down on a floor to work and very hard to get up. Weight doesn&#039;t help, but Mobic has relieved much of the apparent inflammation of muscles and joints. So far after 6 weeks I have no noticeable side effects."
"Suffer from anxiety depression, which I had no idea why everything in life irritated me. Started off w/5mg and noticed in the morning that I was completely calm and not yelling at my kids. I no longer have road rage so that is a good thing for all stupid drivers :)"
"I&#039;m 19 and I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was 15. I started out with the pill, then depo, now nexplanon! The pill made me feel horrible I wouldn&#039;t recommend that to my worst enemy. Depo was good because I didn&#039;t have a period but I gain soooo much weight. Nexplanon made me lose a few lbs but I didn&#039;t gain any which was good. I also do not have a cycle on nexplanon. I sort of miss it(don&#039;t ask why lol) I&#039;m in my 2 1/2 mark with nexplanon and I&#039;m only getting it taken out so I can have my cycle, I just feel clogged up without a period. I would most definitely recommend Nexplanon to anyone!"
"I have been on Temodar 315 mg for 5 days once a month maximum dose of Avastin every other week for 8 months and will continue 4 more months before going on just Avastin.  I had a cancerous brain tumor removed then radiation.  All of these treatments cause &quot;profound fatigue,&quot; yet no relief for this is covered by insurance. Physically I can function fine except for the fatigue.  My condition is not really curable at this point in time, but I want to at least be able to do something with the time I have left, even if it&#039;s nothing more than take a walk with my wife.  150 mg daily of Nuvigil has allowed me to do this.  Medicare nor supplement cover it.  Ritalin shot my blood pressure up to 200/100 and a trip to the ER."
"I have been on Enbrel for about 5-6 years roughly, I use to take methotrexate and Enbrel, then I stick to Enbrel and it has stabled my arthritis. I am doing it now every 3 weeks and I find my joints hurt after taking it.  The best place to do it in my opinion is the upper leg.  Sometimes the area I did my injection would itch but it would dissapear after a couple days. Overall I haven&#039;t had much complaints using this medicine, I used the sure click which makes things easier then the automatic one."
"Helped migraine and daily headache, however gave suicidal thoughts so discontinued."
"I had T levels below 200 and the Doc started me on Androgel 1.62.  I saw minor improvements at 2 and 3 pumps per day, but didn&#039;t see normal T numbers until he prescribed a max dose of 4 pumps daily.  I had libido and ED issues that have greatly improved.  The main side effect I have is that I have some body acne on the shoulders and upper chest, I&#039;ve also had a little more chest hair.  Without insurance and even with insurance the gel can be too pricey for many."
"I have suffered resistant depression/anxiety on and off for 30 years and now I have obsessive compulsive disorder and intrusive thoughts. I started on Anafranil 15 days ago and my OCD/ intrusive thoughts have almost gone  I&#039;m on only 100 mg per day and I&#039;m starting to get my life back and the medicines haven&#039;t reached their full effect yet, so at this early stage I&#039;m happy to recommend this medication and I hope this helps anyone that reads this, thank you."
"Horrible drug whose side effects are worse than the condition. Really messed me up for months on a six day course starting at 24mg, then reducing by 4mg daily for 5 days. Panic attacks, vision problems, ulcer or gastritis, hip pain, racing heartbeat, hip pain and didn&#039;t do anything for the allergic sinus condition. Getting out of polluted Bakersfield, California did cure the allergy but spent month on the side effects after ending use. Doctors and pharmacists never warned of possible side effects."
"I have been on Sronyx for 2 weeks now, and I absolutely love it! My skin is clear, I have NO mood swings, and I&#039;m actually losing weight. No complaints, I love this pill!"
"Started with Depakote upon being diagnosed with Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy in my teens.  I took it for years without issue.  I decided to switch to Keppra XR because of potential liver issues with Depakote and the somewhat tiresome redundancy of labwork related to Depakote use.  Keppra XR did not work for me as my memory began growing progressively worse and I could not think clearly.  I also began losing my train of thought mid sentence fairly often.  Switched back to Depakote ER, and am feeling much better mentally.  The quarterly labwork is not a big deal when compared to being in a mind fog for over a year.  That&#039;s my experience, hope everyone finds what&#039;s right for them.  P.S. I do not take generics, noticeably more side effects."
"On June 1, 2009 I began taking Chantix. The only side effect I had were the dreams, but they were&#039;t scary, just very vivid. In fact I liked th edreams so much I didn&#039;t want to wake up! I started smoking when I was 12 and in 2009 I was 54 years old. I was a smoker for 42 years and a two pack a day smoker for at least 20. Never-the-less, Chantix worked for me and I haven&#039;t had a single craving since I stopped taking it. I took it for the full 3 months even though I didn&#039;t feel I needed to, I just wanted to make sure I got the full benefit. If I can quite on Chantix, you can too! I wish I&#039;d replaced it right away with healthy habits like exercise, but it took me a while to that. I fell healthier at 61 than I did at 21 which says a lot.  Good l"
"I had been prescribed this medication, I was to take it every morning and night to prevent my symptoms of GERD. I had done that for about a month or less, and I was also to take it when the pain had come. It worked wonderfully. I had stopped taking the medication, and then when I did need the pain to stop, the medication was and is still ineffective."
"Since taking this medication (over a month ago) I have gained 10lbs (which I can&#039;t seem to be able to shake off), still have a metallic taste in my mouth and have frequent upset stomach. This has completely turned me off antibiotics altogether. It was given to me by a endodontist to &quot;ensure&quot; she wouldn&#039;t have any problems with the root canal (i.e. preventative). "
"I&#039;m finishing up my third month of Sprintec. I&#039;m 19 and had never taken birth control previously. The first few months I experienced the normal side effects - nausea in the morning, dizziness, feeling a bit out of it mentally. Sprintec has given me lighter periods but that is the only plus. Last month when I was halfway through my sugar pill week I began to feel extremely numb emotionally and unable to feel happy about anything, not even my long-term relationship. I couldn&#039;t shake the depression until I started my next pill pack. This month the depression is starting on my third row of active pills. If it continues I am going to the doctor to change meds. Never sacrifice your mental and emotional health for shorter periods and clearer skin."
"Clears up allergies like a charm but side effects are no joke. Jittery, trouble sleeping, massive anxiety, I couldn&#039;t sit still went on a cleaning binge for hours on end though lol. Woke up next day drained still feeling some side effects. Scary drug."
"Okay ! So I decided I should come here and write my review about the Plan-B pill just to ease some mind "
"I have smoked for 36 years and am a 49 year old man.
My first attempt with the patch worked well for the first 2 weeks, but then I went back to smoking.

This time, I have also joined the YMCA and feel the exercise (sweating it out) is helping much more. I have also noticed some blurred vision and waking with a terribly dry mouth in the middle of the night. So far, I really don&#039;t have any craving for a cigarette. When I do, I chew some gum or change my habitual patterns.

Great product I feel."
"I got the arm implant on March 2017 and it&#039;s been nothing but a nightmare. I have gained so much weight, I started to retain water and I have been spotting for the last month My  sex drive is usually insane but with the birth control I lost the my sex drive my skin took a tow. I don&#039;t recommend this birth control"
"I have been suffering from migraines for about 2 years now. I&#039;ve tried a few different prescription pills and I&#039;ve suffered from horrible side effects from each one. I was to the point where I felt almost hopeless because I couldn&#039;t do anything to relieve the pain when I would get migraines. My neurologist prescribed me Migrainal last month and I&#039;ve had 3 horrible migraines since then. Each time I have used Migrainal within 30 minutes they are gone and I feel great and not defeated by the horrible migraine. I definitely would recommend and consider this a miracle!"
"It has the desired effect of stopping the itching in the night, but I cannot stay awake the following day. The drowsiness is almost impossible for me to cope with during the working week. I&#039;m literally falling asleep at work (and I&#039;m only taking half the dose)."
"Solodyne is pretty quick and effective. No bad side effects!"
"I first got on Jolessa because the menstrual cramps I suffered each period were HORRIBLE. I haven&#039;t had any cramps or spotting since starting the pill, other than the obvious period related ones when that time finally does roll around. I&#039;m mostly happy with this brand! However, one thing I have noticed since meeting my boyfriend and becoming sexually active with him is that this pill kills sex drive dramatically. I gave it a good rating because I&#039;m pleased with it&#039;s performance, but I&#039;ll be switching for a more healthy sex life with someone that I care deeply for."
"This was the first bc I have used, for my crazy abnormal periods and as a birth control. The first month was crazy, headache, fetigue, nausea, extreme cramps, but I decided to stick with it and eventually that went away. My period started on a Tuesday and ended on a Saturday and were way lighter, and I hadn&#039;t experienced normal period symptoms besides bloating. The second month I had crazy mood swings, followed by the month after that. Periods still came on Tuesday-Saturday, but I started noticing on my new packs, I had headaches, fetigue, nausea, etc.. My fourth and fifth month, I have had my period for two weeks. It would start on my 3rd week pill Tuesday, all the way until I had to start my new pack. I am shortly switching."
"I was given this by the A&amp;E Dept for multiple knee ligament rupture. Within an hour of taking: extreme vertigo, nausea, sweats, vomiting, diarrhoea and disorientation. Symptoms last for days. Don&#039;t risk it.  Just take something else."
"Do not take this medication! There is NO other medication for depression/anxiety that has withdrawal symptoms that put you in excruciating pain!  You become a person without feelings, almost hard hearted on this medication! Please please have your Dr. try other meds first! I am so angry that I trusted my psychiatrist! I feel betrayed! Thank God I have my general Doctor who is spending more time with me to help me get off of this medication!"
"This has saved my life. I have always been a sneezing mess. I constantly had a blocked nose more or less everyday. I stupidly tried to use otrivine. Omg what a mistake as this infected my nose because i came reliant on it causing an inflamation. So i went to the doctors who prescribed me avamys nose spray. It saved my life. I can breathe again and it treated my nose from inflammation and also protects it from any further complications. All watery eyes and nose problems gone down the drain. I would sponser this medicine. Best nose spray I&#039;ve ever had. :)"
"Didn&#039;t help with inflamed situation it was prescribed for.  Nausea,  bloating,  abdominal pain,  insomnia,  restlessness,  headaches.  ITCHY!  So very itchy.  Make it stop.   I haven&#039;t slept in days."
"When first taking Wellbutrin, my mouth became really dry, I got a few weird headaches, and I felt some physical numbness when I touched my skin; However, after a month the symptoms were almost non-existent and my depression and anxiety improved drastically. Also, my doctor prescribed it to me to help with ADD/ADHD. I noticed that my focus was also better. This may be simply because anxiety can cause you to lack attention and it fixed the anxiety, but either way it worked great for me."
"If I could have afford it, I would still be on it!  Since I suffer from Sphincter of Oddi Dysfunction (Hepatic region) my Doctor felt that this medicine would really help since it is already broken down causing a major decrease in possible liver damage from daily, major pain relief.  It worked really well, but it would have been way over $200 a month."
"Been on Cymbalta now for approximately 1 year. My moods are stable, less pain, generally feel better. However, one side effect is unacceptable. On this medication, I feel like I am no longer male. Less desire, followed by greatly reduced sensitivity, as well as inability to maintain an erection longer than a minute make married life most difficult. I tried to come off the drug. It is extremely difficult. Dizziness, light sensitivity, horrible headaches, and extreme irritability."
"I started taking 5mg 2 months ago and by the 2nd night I had my first dry night in months and even on the first night it was significantly better.  It has completely changed my life.   Unfortunately in this last week I have had 2 episodes of incontinence and have become concerned that I might need to increase the dose.  Initially I had dry eyes, blurred vision, headache with some nausea but this settled.  I am left with blurred vision sometimes.  I willingly put up with the side effects as the alternative is untenable."
"I have been itching since I had this test on Monday ...over 40 hours ago....this med should not be given to patients who take asthma meds.  I guess no one cared enough to read my medical history. I am concerned about this med staying in my body."
"8 years ago I had my 3rd child, a healthy baby girl, and suffered from horrible postpartum depression.  My OBGYN put me on 10 mg Lexapro and after a few more terrible days and a trip to the ER I ended up in a psychiatrist office. He added mirtazapine to help me eat and sleep and in 2 weeks I was much better.  I was able to stop the mirtazapine and took the Lexapro for a full year. I am so grateful to those 2 Dr&#039;s who helped me crawl out off a very dark hole.  A month ago I fell back in and my anxiety kicked into high gear. I was barely functioning.  After 2 weeks my psychologist put me back on 10 Mg Escitalopram.  I am entering my 3rd week and feel much better.  This medicine has been wonderful.  Prayer   medicine   talk therapy."
"Helped with my mood really well.
But I had severe tremor which I had to endure for a month before it could be stopped. The tremor did not ease at all, it even made my feet shake when they were off the floor and my jaw. If you can put up with tremor it definitely helps with lifting your mood!"
"I have been on Vistaril for several weeks. I have a bad anxiety disorder that gave me panic attacks and makes me shake. My best experience was with this medicine."
"I decided to purchase the Monistat-3 with the anti-itch cream. I used the Monistat-1 before and it did not completely remove the yeast infection. When I used the Monistat-1 over a year ago, I did NOT experience anything that I experienced this time around. The first night of me using the Monistat-3 was terrible! After minutes of me inserting the cream, I felt an incredible burning! It was so uncomfortable that I could not go to sleep for HOURS! I started looking up reviews and seen that it was a common reaction, so I tried to hold out. From exhaustion I passed out and the next morning my itchiness was gone. I had some discharge but it was primarily the medication and the infection. The second night was better and am on the third night now."
"I have been on clonidine for a year. At first it made me sleepy, but after about 6 weeks, my only side effect was dry mouth, and I have to eat when I taken clonidine. 
It has helped lower my blood pressure and my anxiety.  Very happy with it."
"The taste was bad, but not awful. I had the dosage of a one time four 500mg tablets. The side effects were as bad as everyone says. I hadn&#039;t read anything about the drug before taking it. I took it with a meal and still felt nauseous all night. My side effects were vomiting, chills, major headache, dizziness, tingling in hands and feet, dryness of mouth, fatigue, and trouble sleeping. I wish I would have known about the side effects before taking the medicine, because I was afraid to be home alone.  They only lasted the night, after that I was back to normal."
"I have had a lifetime of bladder infections and ciprofloxacin (although a little annoying because of the dairy and iron) it works wonders! By the second dose the pain is 95% gone. My advice take it with a handful of Cheerios and first thing in the morning and about 11 hours later at night when you haven&#039;t had too much dairy (like a glass of milk or a steak). I had no side effects and I always get it for at least one week to 10 days. I&#039;ve taken just about every other one and I&#039;ve had the infections come back. Ciprofloxacin is always my first choice!"
"This helped me tremendously! I&#039;ve been using this for quite awhile for my rhinitis. Have had no side effects! I&#039;m 62 years old. Feeling much better!"
"I am having no problems with this birthcontrol. It cleared up my acne.(most of it) and it didn&#039;t hurt at all after, no bruising,nothing. The first week I cried easily, probably my body adjusting to the hormones. But now,I&#039;m absolutely perfect. I feel normal. And I didn&#039;t have any terrible side effects."
"I have been diagnosed with bipolar for 15 years and for the first time experienced a mania state beyond anything I imagined or experienced before.  I was suffering from severe paranoia and psychosomatic symptoms.  Zyprexa is a God-send and I am happy with it.  My major problem with it is the morning hangovers I feel. I have gained weight, but desperately needed to do so."
"I have suffered with right lower back pain for many years. I have taken Flexeril, Ibuprofen800, Percocet all of which dulled the pain or put me to sleep. My doctor put me on Naprelan and after two doses I am almost completely free of back pain."
"I also have analgesia for recurrent kidney stones. Diazepam is particularly useful at night - 5-10mg in aiding sleep and reducing the need for strong analgesia. It has also been great in helping reduce my alcohol intake."
"I am a 25 year old woman and started taking this 6 days ago along with clonazepam for anxiety. 300 mg of Bupropion once a day (mornings) and clonazepam twice a day (once in the morning and once in the evening). I have to say that...so far THIS ROCKS. I was suffering from depression, obsessive thoughts, anxiety and panic attacks for months. I stopped taking Zoloft after a year because I gained 60 lbs on it. Now with Wellbutrin, I have no side effects except loss of appetite and more energy. I feel more energetic, happy (almost &quot;giddy&quot;) and hopeful for the future. My anxiety and depression was debilitating and this saved my life. I can&#039;t wait till the full effects kick in. 6 days in and I feel the difference."
"I have been suffering from depression and anxiety for over a year, I finally decided to look for help because I was feeling really numb and hating my life, just feeling like a failure.  I am on my 5th week and I am still waiting for my mood to improve, I read some people say it might take 6-8 weeks to start kicking in and I cannot wait to feel better and have positive thoughts again.  Any words of encouragement would be greatly appreciated."
"I actually find the gels a lot more successful to falling asleep and waking up alert.  It sort of kicks you awake the next morning.  The sleep tabs however, make you groggy the next morning.  Try the gel caps!"
"I have had severe migraines since I was 8 years old and then a friend recommend Replax. She had begun to use it for her migraines.  So I asked me doctor to prescribe and it has literally changed my life.  I do usually have to take two, and they are expensive, but two pills that work, at any cost, are worth being migraine free! If you are a sufferer, try it!"
"I Was given zomig nasal spray as a test prescription from my doc. She said the nasal spray works really quickly and may be a good alternative to my max alt. I should have stuck with my instincts. After 10 years of migraines and numerous medications max alt always works. I tried the spray, it did act fast. I felt better within a half hour! But now four hours later and my migraine is back and worse than before:( I may try one more time but so far I am not impressed."
"I have been using restasis single use vials for years and they have definitely helped my post lasik dry eyes--eye doc confirms corneas healthier, no dry patches.  I was using the single use vials, using each one twice as everyone does, with no problems.  I decided I&#039;d try the multidose vials.  I&#039;d make the same comments as others--they are hard to dispense, dispense more than you need, and will not last a month, let alone 45 days, which makes them more than twice as expensive as the vials.  We will see if Allergan keeps its promise to keep making the vials, as they will obviously increase profits with the multi use bottles."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months and so has my sister. My sister loves it and has no problems with it. However for me, I have symptoms of PCOS so I don&#039;t get my period every month so I started taking this pill. I didn&#039;t get a single period while on this pill, just brown discharge for 2 weeks straight every month. It was annoying and my periods were more normal and better before I started taking this so that was pretty weird. Requested a new birth control and hopefully it works !"
"Amazing keep at them. 
We can all get thought this!"
"I&#039;m on the implanon so I can&#039;t manage to lose weight with anything I do but with xenical I have already lost 2 kgs in just 2 days, have not exercised as I am sick at the moment, have two a day with my two meals (lunch and dinner) only thing I stop myself from is snacking (which is tough), can&#039;t wait to continue with this product!"
"The only drug that has worked to help me get my Atrial fibrillation under control."
"I used to be at a mental state where everyday I would lie on my bed for about 3 hours because I didn&#039;t want to do anything. I had severe suicidal thoughts for 2 years and kept switching medications because they caused weight gain. After about a week of taking the medication my weight started dropping and my grades shot up to b&#039;s instead of c&#039;s. Now I&#039;m doing great. I&#039;ve never had higher grades and haven&#039;t felt this good for years. I&#039;d really recommend it. I haven&#039;t had side effects yet and probably won&#039;t."
"I&#039;m a 25 year old female and my doctor prescribed Celexa to help me manage my anxiety. I&#039;ve been on it just shy of 3 months. I started with 10 mg and increased to 20 mg after about 2 weeks. My initial side effects were dry mouth, decreased appetite, sleepiness and low libido. The first few nights I was on Celexa I also found myself suddenly waking up in the middle of the night in a panic. This also happened after my dose was increased. After almost 3 months on Celexa, all the side effects have disappeared, except my sex drive is completely non-existent. Overall I feel very relaxed and my anxiety symptoms have significantly decreased."
"Doesn&#039;t seem to be as strong as other Generics?"
"I have used Motofen for over 5 years for the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome. Have tried many other medications and none of them help. I am finding it very hard to get presciptions filled - nobody seems to carry Motofen because it is an &quot;old&quot; drug."
"Improved her ability to live."
"Helped in the beginning of the first few weeks,but later my mood became more paranoid. I&#039;m not saying this medicine will make you paranoid, but it doesn&#039;t work for me. Plus it does make you gain weight like 40lbs. in 8 weeks."
"I was previously on trazodone for sleep issues and it was ok but didn&#039;t always help.  My doctor put me on the much stronger Ambien CR. I took 12.5mg of this 5 hours ago and haven&#039;t slept at all. "
"The Nuva-ring caused a depression for me after just 1,5 months use. I became depressed a few weeks after beginning, and it only became worse."
"After two months  of suffering and trying over-the-counter ointments and creams, suppositories, witch hazel pads, doing sitz-baths and tub soaking, my condition was only getting worse, not to mention, the ointments and creams were setting me on fire. I finally sought medical attention at my doctor&#039;s office.  After only two doses, I was able to finally sleep without being awakened with irritating symptoms.  I will never be without it.  I have been using it 2 - 3 times a day for the past 5 days.  However, I have an appointment to have a colonoscopy to make sure that there are no other internal issues that need to be addressed due to the severity of my condition."
"This was and is still a  nightmare contraceptive.  Bought this and used with my boyfriend. Used 3 in one night.  We both had side effects.  We are exclusive if not. ..I would have thought I caught something.  Felt good after using but 2 hours later the excess is flowing out &amp; leaves me feeling slightly irritated.  I wash again but still feel a persistent irritation. Day 2. he had a weird sensation while peeing.  Both of us have itchy genitals and it only gets worse from there.  I almost feel like a yeast infection.  My anal region itches.my vaginal area feels dry but it isn&#039;t.  It&#039;s just highly irritated.  I&#039;ve used raw yogurt, acidophilus pulls and so feel irritated.  Never using this again. It&#039;s day 4 and these symptoms are still annoying"
"I have severe pain in my legs and chronic fatigue. Been going to doctors for over a year, have had 3 MRI&#039;s, and gallons of blood taken and tested. Yet nobody knows the source of these symptoms. Due for a muscle biopsy soon. While taking tramadol and hydrocodone had great results for energy and pain, I became dependent. I was prescribed Lyrica 50mg about 2 months ago and felt a little relief. Doctor raised the dosage and now I take 150mg 3 times a day and the results are amazing. I&#039;m alert, energetic, and pain free. Have a little dizziness now and then, but this medicine is great."
"I used Dymista and the first use was excellent results and a reduction of my snoring and dripping sinus. Price is too high without insurance and the $35 coupon excludes senior citizens that take government funding. "
"I was originally on Yaz, cleared up skin in 3 months. It was amazing! Although I did get occasional headaches. Switched to Beyaz due to the Bayer savings card. I continued to get headaches..like stay in bed all day headaches..so now I am finally switching to another birth control. I would rather not be on one at all considering what it does to my body but it&#039;s that or acne. I would rather take the pill."
"I have had tinnitus for more than 1 year , nothing helped me, until I started eating Alprazolam with my other medicines, it was really helpful, I eat one Omega 3 , one  Ginko gel in the morning and vitamin B1 and the mix of zinc, magnesium, calcium after lunch and at night one Alprazolam ( 0.5 )  and Betahistin , this medicine diet was great for me , also stop smoking and drinking alcohol is very very very important , please test it ."
"This birth control made me gain weight, and has given me some major mood swings. With in an hour I go through 3 different types of emotions."
"I just started Harvoni 5 days ago. Just started with headache and nausea, some shortness of breath.  I drinking a lot of water, which helps with nausea.  Headaches are mild.  Overall I feel pretty good no aches or fatigue or insomnia."
"Started this less than week ago.  Only side effects have been some fatigue and dry mouth. The dry mouth has caused me to drink more water which is good for anyone.. I started at 214 and am already 210. I feel full far sooner than before and dont feel the cravings I would always get during the day.. hopefully the fatigue will pass next week. Recheck with doctor on 6/2... cant wait!  Sadly, I&#039;m a lapband failure and never get the I&#039;m full feeling with it, so this is promising!"
"Been taking this medication for the second time first for an absess then tooth was taking out now for dry socket &amp; I can&#039;t wait to finish them , I feel awful - so tired all the time , ( slept all over new year ) feeling drowsy headaches blurred vision , finish them tomorrow thank goodness.  I&#039;ve been taking 200mg 4 times a day for 5 days just hope it&#039;s the end of my nightmare"
"I have never been more exhausted in my life while on this birth control pill. I was diagnosed with endometriosis and have now been on this pill for 2 months. I am still moody, constantly tired, feel the dull pain in my lower stomach and have had breakthrough bleeding already. The bloating is awful and my breasts are so swollen and tender that I can&#039;t stand to wear a bra. I was on Seasonale before and did not have these side effects whatsoever so will hopefully be going back to that now that this pill has completely changed me as a person!"
"I have been on Saxenda for 3 weeks now. The first week I experienced very little side effects which was relieving as I usually get very sick from medications. By the end of week one the smallest portions would fill me up which is wonderful but I had no weight loss and I was eating strictly healthy. Week 2 I stuck to .06 for an extra week so my body could adjust better and finished the week with 3 lbs lost since start date. Almost no desire to ever eat. Week three I have increased my dosage and have been feeling extremely nauseous and having weird chest pains. I hope it goes away. I&#039;m a little uncomfortable with the possible long term side effects and will only stick this out if I start seeing results. Happy with appetite decrease though."
"I am 18. My doctor prescribed valacyclovir 500mg to take 1 a day. I have been taking them for 5 days not missing a day. And on the 5th day (today) a fever blister popped up. Idk if I should up the dose by another 500mg or what"
"I have found Contrave to be great since it has given me the will power of steel and virtually all of my cravings for sweets are gone. I have been pretty much effortlessly been able to follow a healthy diet unlike before. I did have to give up caffeine immediately since the bupropion tends to give people the jitters for a few weeks which has now subsided for me. I also am only taking one pill a day early in the morning and will only increase as needed as instructed by my doctor to minimize the jitters. I am quite hopeful since unlike the dozens and dozens of times where I tried to lose weight before, I am not struggling at all. Plus, my mood is better to boot!"
"12 hours after I took it, I had intermittent cramping, then urge to go.  Didn&#039;t go, but did vomit twice.  Cramping intensified and I was reminded of giving birth.  It really hurt.  Fist poop was average, followed by loads of diarrhea.  Make sure you can be home all the next day if you&#039;re taking it at night.  You need to rush to the toilet.  If I ever have to do this again, I think I&#039;ll try a suppository.  But it worked!"
"As far as the effectiveness against pregnancy goes, skyla works amazing. My boyfriend of 6 years and I do not use protection and I have yet to get pregnant. That is about the only positive thing I have to say about skyla. Everything else is terrible. The risk of it embedding into or perforating my uterus is also a monumental fear of mine. Although I don&#039;t want kids now, I hope to have them in the future and my frequent cramps scare me even more that I may not be able to have children."
"I have never slept so well or had any withdrawal problems on this medication.  This medication is a God-send.  I wish I would have taken my therapist&#039;s advice and taken it sooner.  Being from a family of alcoholics and eventually becoming one myself I was left with no other option but this one.  It was my last hope.  I can say that this medication works, and works well.  You think clearer and your sleep patterns return to normal.  Sleeping was a problem for me before.  I would recommend anyone with a dependency problem to discuss this medication with their doctor or therapist."
"I HAD BEEN ON SEVERAL DIFFERENT MEDS FOR DEPRESSION &amp; ANXIETY.  STARTING WITH PAXIL, PROZAC AND OTHERS I CAN&#039;T REMEMBER THE NAMES OF. I STARTED EFFEXOR A YEAR AGO AND IT CERTAINLY WORKS FOR ME, FOR BOTH DEPRESSION &amp; ANXIETY.  REMEMBER TO TAKE IT EVERYDAY. ALL SSRIs CAUSE SEVERE WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMS. IF YOU WANT TO DISCONTINUE USE, TELL YOUR DR.  COLD TURKEY IS NOT ONLY DEBILITATING IT IS DANGEROUS. I AM SO THANKFUL I HAVE BEEN PRESCRIBED EFFEXOR. FINALLY RELIEF FROM THINGS THAT ARE NO BIG DEAL! WHERE AS BEFORE IN MY HEAD, IT WAS SO EXAGGERATED. I LIKE MANY OTHERS HAVE STATED, I WISH THIS WAS AVAILABLE IN MY TEEN YEARS. I AM ENJOYING LIFE AND AM EXTREMELY HAPPY!"
"I have been in clinical trials for 4 years for Eylea and have had no side effects.  Eylea has allowed me to return to a quality of life that I had given up with sewing, painting, cooking, driving, reading and other areas pertinent to being able to live independently. Before Eylea, I had even stopped watching television! Now I feel confident again and go out and do things on my own without fear. This has definitely been a positive, life changing experience."
"I have been on this medicine for 3 years for pain relief for many problems. I take 10mg 3 times a day and I would suggest nothing else. I have been on other narcotics that have done nothing for me and got me all jazzed. This medicine does nothing like that. Methadone keeps you level headed and does not have any side effects."
"I&#039;m, 20, been on the patch for almost a year. I switched to the Xulane patch after taking birth control pills got annoying. This works great for me, periods are regular, light, little to no cramping and no pregnancy. I am getting a little annoyed with switching it every week, but other than that it works well. I have had no problems with it sticking and staying stuck all week. I have not been swimming with it on and only takes baths when i am not wearing it."
"I&#039;m 51 &amp; hav been using Diovan Hct 80-12.5 for 5months to cntrll high bp.. The medcn did wrk to regulate my bp keep&#039;n it at 120&#039;s/ 80&#039;s. I started xperienc&#039;n painful stiffnss in my neck &amp; shoulders, nausea. I decided to wean myslf off the meds &amp; to do this I knw I had to chng my diet &amp; xercise more.
First thing to go was soda!  I also strtd eating raw garlic &#039;4 cloves&#039; daily (garlic hlps to lowr bp along with othr awesome benefits), I only drnk lemon watr, &amp; 8 ounce of V8 low sodium Veggie Juice Daily-   Plenty of fruit &amp; veggies DAILY (avocado, bananas, oranges, blackberries, spinach, kale, sweet potatoes, almonds) I selected these to provid nutrients need&#039;d.. 5 weeks in &amp; BP has maintained!, I feel fabulous &amp; I&#039;m dwn to 1 tablet a week-"
"Severe dry mouth, dizziness, nausea, feeling out of it, shortness of breath."
"Excellent for vaginal infection. "
"This medicine is a definite winner if you want to stay clean. I find its effects almost hypnotic, I rarely think of smack any more. But I&#039;ve lost over a stone in weight since starting my script 5 months ago. I want to stay on it but am afraid I&#039;ll fade away."
"Today was the first day I started Harvoni, I was pretty anxious before taking it this morning.  I took One tablet this morning at 6 AM, and the only thing I noticed was a little fatigue, and the fatigue was definitely manageable and didn&#039;t impact my day at all.  I went to the gym and worked on my car, fixing brake pads and wheel bearings.  So I figure if I can handle this kind of work on day one, this medication sounds like the miracle pill everyone has said it is.  Feeling Optimistic and grateful for science and research."
"My anxiety gave me depersonalization. Whenever I take xanax it clears right up for me, especially if I run out of Klonopin. It&#039;s a great back up that helps me when that sudden feeling of panic creeps up on me."
"66yo with very attractive wife with whom I had been making love 2-3 times a week without having erection problems probably due to her great figure and her wanting to dress to tease and please. Problem of maintaining erections for longer than 10 minutes started about 6mths ago and really caused concern which of course started to impact on overall performance. Tried Levitra 10mg last night for the first time - onset about 40 minutes and great erection achieved which lasted for two climaxes. Easily got hard again this morning."
"I was on sample pills for 2 months and changed to this pill. This pill sucks and put me in bad place. I&#039;m 21 don&#039;t diet or exercise always weight around 129lb and my period light 3 day period with painful cramp on 1st day. Monday I started this pill and 3 days later Thursday night I was in bed with really bad cramp that I never had before and painkiller didn&#039;t work much. Next day I started heavy period, but I wasn&#039;t worried since I changed pills til 4 days after period started. A whole week I had heavy period and another 5 day light period. And I&#039;m having bad diarrhea everytime I eat. My period still not finished after almost 2 weeks. I just realized from reading these comments that it&#039;s the pills and I&#039;m not sick in any other way lol."
"I had been getting panic attacks for so long they were so scary I had already been to the ER like 4 times and the only thing that did was get me a huge bill that I don&#039;t have money to pay. Xanax was like a miracle pill for me. I got some felt so relieved, a little dizzy at first but relieved that I wasn&#039;t so panicky any more I&#039;m guessing you should only take it when you start feeling like your going to get a panic attack again or as told by your doctor. Just don&#039;t drink any alcohol while you&#039;re on Xanax. It does make me feel sleepy but sometimes when I feel like going out I fight it and I don&#039;t sleep and I&#039;m still able to go out and enjoy myself."
"My dad just got put on this medicine.  It is great.  We can cook food, give him a shot and in a couple of minutes he can get himself out of the chair and eat his dinner.  He should have been on this years ago. It is a miracle medicine."
"Very glad to see that there&#039;s a generic for Vagifem, which I had wonderful results with. However, the blister packaging on Yuvafem is ridiculously bad. It&#039;s impossible to separate the single-use applicators using the perforations without tearing the foil wrapping on multiple applicators. Being able to separate is very handy for travel, etc. Please fix the packaging and make it functional!"
"1 pill every 24 hours VERY convenient. Is not near as hard on stomach and intestines. Works about as well as Aleve or Ibuprofen if you take them every 4 hours."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 3 or 4 years. Up until about 6 months ago, this pill was a blessing. I have been on everything else (Depo, a laundry list of other pills) and nothing worked as well as Seasonique. A few months ago I gained about 30 pounds out of no where and I lost about 20 pounds with a lot of hard work but no matter what I do, I can&#039;t get under 130. I have severe headaches and recently I&#039;ve been bleeding through and not just spotting like full on period. On top of that I was cramping severely and having stomach problems. My husband and I just decided to quit the pill and see what happens and let me tell you I feel much better. I would say yes to this pill except for the side effects I started having."
"It seems I&#039;ve had Experiences that a lot of these other people do with feeling worse than I did before on these medications with the Cipro and Flagyl and I&#039;m nauseous I&#039;m dizzy I have foggy brain I can&#039;t eat the taste is horrible and I feel like I can&#039;t function. I&#039;ve been On this for the second time in a year and it&#039;s doing the same thing same side effects. I don&#039;t like feeling this way at all. I can&#039;t drive or go to work. I&#039;ve been on it for 4 days out of 10 and its Christmas! My pain has subsided though."
"I&#039;ve had Kyleena for a week and a half- I LOVE it. Ibuprofen (800mg) an hour before, insert was 4/10 pain scale (lasted less than 1 minute), uncomfortable for an hour after- but functioning to drive home and run to the market, took it easy the rest of the night. I&#039;ve had zero cramps, zero spotting, I feel perfectly normal. I had sex 24 hours after being insterted. I did use comdoms (my doc said I didn&#039;t have too but wanted to be safe). There are good and bad reviews, is encourage you to get it for yourself. If you don&#039;t like it- removal is supposed to be easier than inserting. I love this and knowing I&#039;m protected for 5 years against unwanted pregnancy. Good luck!"
"Prescribed for anxiety, GAD, MDD. After being on Zoloft for several years, when my depression and anxiety spectrum returned we decided to try Lexapro. It just never felt &#039;right&#039; from day 1. After several months, I noticed the feelings did not improve and I figured I would need to live with it. Now almost a year since starting, I&#039;ve made the switch back to a low dose of Zoloft. Within weeks, I again feel &#039;normal&#039; and I am not plagued by the overall unease I felt on Lexapro (specifically increased anxiety, developing agoraphobia, EXTREME laziness and no motivation, obsessive thoughts and headaches).

Being mindfull now, everyone IS different. We all are wired uniquely. I know many people who love Lexapro. Not for me, though."
"When I first started taking this medication, I was determined to end it all. Four years later, I&#039;m the happiest person I know. I still have a high sex drive, although I&#039;ve known people to say that lexapro takes it away for them. I didn&#039;t gain any weight and I&#039;ve learned through meditation and breathing techniques to handle what small anxiety attacks I may get in my hectic life (two jobs, an apartment, school, long distance boyfriend) and at 20 years old I&#039;m better off than most of my friends and feel like I can accomplish anything. Lexapro saved my life."
"The scare tactics online are so ridiculous. I understand everyone&#039;s pain tolerance is  different but what boggles me is the women who have given birth saying that this 2 min (if that) procedure is worse. I mean, really? I almost changed my mind about the Paragard due to all the &quot;worst pain of my life&quot; stories. Ladies, get a grip. IT&#039;S REALLY NOT THAT BAD! Two, quick intense period cramps that each last about 10 seconds. Some mild period - like cramping after. I have an insanely low pain tolerance and all I took was 2, 500mg  Naproxen. I was so scared after reading all the stories online and it was all for nothing. Trust me when I say if I can tolerate the procedure, anyone can. I&#039;m a big baby. But obviously, not the biggest!"
"I started using Chantix September 2014. I&#039;m was getting close to my 50th birthday and I really wanted to stop and it helped me to do it."
"I&#039;ve used Dostinex for years now, to treat high prolactin hormone levels. When I was younger they had me take Propranolol which made me so sick to my stomach! Dostinex has really no side effects that I&#039;ve experienced and I only have to take it twice a week!"
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for 3 years now. I was 21 when it was originally placed. At that time I knew virtually nothing about Skyla so I assumed every risk would happen to me. None of them, not one, happened. There was the slight pain when it was placed and I honestly don&#039;t even remember spotting in the weeks afterwards, but that was 3 years ago. Since then I&#039;ve had no troubles, worries, or children. So in my case this has been an absolute success. I&#039;ve read some of the other horror stories and honestly I would&#039;ve been afraid to get one after those. But, I can truthfully say, for me it&#039;s been great."
"I had horrible itchy, flakey and weeping ears. I tried every OTC medication and lotion available with no relief. After begging my doctor for something to relieve my pain she prescribed betamethasone and within one day the itch was gone and within 3 days the cracked and bleeding skin was healed. Truly a miracle for me and no more embarrassing ears to hide. 5 stars for this medicine."
"I was nervous at first reading some of the negative reviews and I talked with my doctor about it a while before I switched.  I went back and told him it wasn&#039;t enough and he told me that was just the &quot;starting dose&quot; and we&#039;ll go up each week until we get to the right dose for me.  I was skeptical to say the least but holy cow he was right!  At 750 I can&#039;t believe the difference.  This drug is incredible!"
"Best medicine I&#039;ve been on to treat my psychosis without affecting my lipids! Experienced a little restlessness nothing major. Great overall experience!"
"So my 10 year old daughter has tested positive for whooping cough therfore the whole family needs to be treated , I have 3 daughters 10, 9, and 5 we are all taking the  clarithromycin this is the 2nd day and we all feel very dizzy , nauseous, have a horrible taste in our mouths and diarrhea.  I feel like we are being poisoned not treated. Is it worth all this pain and discomfort for 7 days ,  our other option is not to take the antibiotics and  to stay isolated for 21 days ....... I don&#039;t know what to do ."
"In the first week I took Amitiza, I thought it was going to be a miracle answer to my chronic constipation.   But I had a side effect of severe headaches almost every day....and sometimes all day long.  Since I already have migraines, I blamed it on them getting worse.....even though the symptoms were different.  First the headache would start, and within 5-10 minutes a gush of uncontrollable diarrhea.   I kept blaming it all on migraines and seeking treatment for them.  Finally, because of the expense of this one medication and having to take so many more, I had to stop taking Amitiza.  Within just a few days, the headaches with diarrhea stopped.  This is an excellent product if you don&#039;t have the side effects."
"I been on Mononessa for the past 2 years and have only stuck with it this long because it was the best I had yet to try (was extremely sick on Aviane and had heavy, long, unbearable periods with Ortho Tri-Cyclen) and it was free on my insurance. After 2 years my periods are still irregular, I experience recurring  headaches, and I&#039;m constantly bloated and have gained 10 pounds. Not to mention moodiness, feeling foggy, and decreased libido. "
"I have been on Methadone for over 10 years due to chronic pain from Multiple Sclerosis and severe scoliosis. This medication has allowed me to live a relatively normal life. After all this time it still relieves my pain as well as it did in the beginning. Anyone who has not been helped by other medications, I would strongly encourage you to try Methadone. It has saved my life. You may have a little trouble with fatigue at first, but tough it out and it will pass."
"Good medicine, despite metalic taste. Avoid alcohol and take it during midway during meal."
"I&#039;ve been an opiate addict 7yrs. When I first became addicted OC where everywhere. A few years later I struggled to find any oxycotin, shortly they changed from OC to op struggled with for a while. I just wanted out I tried suboxone but it didn&#039;t work for me because I have a migraine issue, so I joined a methadone clinic and became a functioning addict. I was on methadone for 3 yrs. I kept clean from any other drug throughout  my time on methadone but was still an addict because both subox and methadone are opiods.  I found an Institute there many across the country. They do what is called a rapid detox which was pretty pain free at the end of ur detox I got a vivitrol inplant. It&#039;s saved my marriage"
"I have been taking this medicine for just over a week now for lower back pain due to a bulging disc and I found no relief."
"I have been on Afrezza for about 18 months and I love it. My A1c is 6.1 which is non diabetic. I take no other medication for diabetes. The standard for my condition calls for taking long acting insulin with Afrezza which I do not do. I pay $100 a month copay for Afrezza. I also have to pay $175 annual deductible for tier 4 drugs. I am willing to pay the extra cost because Afrezza is closest to natural insulin. I understand the once in the bloodstream Afrezza is indistinguishable from naturally produced insulin. I was diagnosed with 3rd degree kidney failure when on Metformin. I am not a doctor or scientist but I do not see how natural Insulin could hurt my kidneys. I love the fact I can cover high carb treats with extra units of Afrezza."
"I first had a panic attack last June &amp; went to the hospital. They gave me Ativan 1mg. I took that for about 1 month and felt sort of out of it, so I decided to only take half and see how that worked. It did work, but I still felt like a zombie. I went back to the doctor &amp; was prescribed BuSpar 5mg twice a day. I took that for three months, but was still having issues waiting in lines, being in public places &amp; sometimes driving. I found I still needed to take the Ativan when I started to panic. Long and short the 5 mg 2xday would take away about 60% of my anxiety and I would force myself out of my head, so to speak. Recently I went back to the doctor &amp; she upped my dose to 7.5 mg twice a day. I feel great! This is giving me my life back, NO more Ativan."
"Bipolar 2 (depression). Still early days, and I&#039;m still on a low dose (50 mg) titrating up towards 200 mg, heading into week 4. At first I didn&#039;t notice any effect at all, just minor side effects, e.g. hand tremors, itching, waking up every night and not being able to go back to sleep. Looking back, I realize that after ~2 weeks I slowly started getting more done. After a year of not cleaning and laundry never getting done and dishes sitting for weeks, I started to make headway with those things. It didn&#039;t happen from one day to another, and it&#039;s still not easy, but things like that get done. That&#039;s the difference. Crossing my fingers that the progress continues!"
"I am 42 years old.  I first took Accutane 30 years ago when i was 12 years old.  I had extremely bad acne.  I took my second round of Accutane at 20.  I took a third round at 23.  In between I have tried every medication and cream known to man.
Without Accutane there is no doubt I would have severe scarring.  It&#039;s not a lifetime cure for all.  I haven&#039;t been able to wear contacts since my mid twenties due to chronic dry eyes.  The side  effects can be tough.  However, without Accutane, my life would have been much different."
"I&#039;ve been taking this birth control for 3.5 weeks and I&#039;m realizing I shouldn&#039;t have switched but my doctor recommended I changed because Ive been on alysena for 3 years. But now on lolo I&#039;ve had crazy acne and just got my period a week early, and its the most painful cramps I&#039;ve ever had. I wounldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone"
"Not very effective.  Helps but only to a limited extent."
"It has greatly improved my mood and I have been sleeping wonderfully too."
"I started on this medication in October 2015 and I was at 320lbs - heaviest I&#039;ve ever been. I am now 48lbs down, and I weigh in at the doctor&#039;s in 2 days hoping to achieve the 50lb mark.  Not only has this medication helped with the appetite control, it got me off soda!  I never thought that was possible.  It literally made the soda taste bad.  I couldn&#039;t believe it.  I have been addicted to full-on, regular soda for years. Now, I can&#039;t stand it and don&#039;t want it.  I have the tingling sensations but don&#039;t really have any other side effects.  I see the doctor once monthly and monitor my blood pressure weekly.  I am very, very happy with the results and plan on continuing until my doctor and I determine it is time to stop."
"I had much pain for years in back of head and neck area. Asprin did not help much. I found doctor who perscribed cyclobenzaprine and it has worked very well. I sometimes use only a half a tablet and now I sleep well."
"Effective antibiotic with the only down side being frequent heartburn &amp; gas."
"I have found all these comments really helpful and reassuring. I started taking Pristiq yesterday and it is the first antidepressant I have tried. After taking my first dose I felt very groggy/tired but I had trouble sleeping last night and had frustrating, repetitive dreams when I finally got off to sleep. Today I have taken my second dose in the morning so that hopefully I can sleep tonight. So far I am not feeling drowsy today and I have been feeling good emotionally. I am optimistic about this treatment and love all the positive comments."
"Doesn&#039;t work to lower blood pressure. I started this medicine 8 months ago and it hasn&#039;t done anything. My dr added Benzepril on top of this and my blood pressure is still the same. Switching to a beta blocker next time I go to his office. Gave it 2 stars because although it doesn&#039;t work, I haven&#039;t experienced other adverse effects which is a plus!"
"I started taking phentermine on 7/18/2014 and as of a week later 7/25/2014 I lost 8 lbs. Dry mouth has been my only side effect."
"I&#039;ve just started 37.5 mg of effexor xr for depression,  gad and pd. Im on day 10 and I&#039;m finally getting my energy back. I no longer stay on the couch all day long. Im finding that I have more energy in the am but after lunch the energy slowly fades. But im ok with that!! I was on celexa 30mg for 10 years and i am slowly weaning off that. The celexa work for maby the first 2 years but thats it! I havent tried anything else because I have a fear of taking new meds. I am very proud of myself for taking the plunge and trying something new!! Im happy that I did!  I also suffer from chronic daily headaches and migraines which has a huge part of why I have anxiety and depression. I take 40mg of proaponolol and 75mg of amitriptyline as preventive"
"Very helpful."
"Tried guanfacine for a week, have not noticed any effects except maybe my son is more argumentative, but it&#039;s not helping his ADHD at all. Strattera works much better than guanfacine, since he can&#039;t take the stimulants. I recommend Strattera to anyone else who has had a problem with side effects from Ritalin or Adderall."
"For years I swore Lo loestrin was the best bc I&#039;d ever been on. I no longer had periods which I loved, no bleeding, cramping, or bloating ever. No weight gain. I loved it so much I&#039;d even shell out over $100 a month just to purchase it once I lost my insurance and later when my new insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it. Other concerns led me to the idea of quitting birth control all together. I&#039;m in a committed relationship, and I think 15 years of taking hormones is enough. After I stopped taking it for a couple months, my libido sky rocketed. It took getting off of Lo loestrin to realize it had virtually killed my sex drive completely. My marriage is so much better without it! Its effective, but understand like any other drug there are costs."
"Protonix totally eliminates my throat pain, hoarseness, reflux, etc. After 6 years my insurance decided not to cover it so for the last few months, I&#039;ve been on several other medicines and they just don&#039;t work.  My doctor is trying to convince them I need the Protonix. Wish me luck."
"Does not work for me. I have nerve damage due to back surgery."
"This was an awful experience for me. Bleeding for 28 days a month was terrifying. And miserable, I cramped 24/7 and weight gain. I gained 20lbs within a year &amp; I still exercised &amp; kept an eye on what I ate. My periods before-hand were wonderful! I recently had it removed."
"I first had the 3 in one injection 2 years ago with instant benefits and it lasted almost a year to the date. This is the 3rd time I have had the same injection but this time my knees are so swollen that I can not walk downstairs or get up from sitting. This is the second day and I am still hopeful that after the swelling goes down it will also last another year."
"I had the Implanon fitted in February this year after having my son in April 11. I went on the pill but would forget to take it so decided to try the Implanon. It is brilliant! I haven&#039;t had a period since being on it which is so much better. I haven&#039;t gained weight either. I still get the odd period cramps but that&#039;s it! Don&#039;t be put off by negative reviews because it works differently for others! Fortunately it has worked in my favor! Anyone unsure of trying this method of contraception should go for it!"
"I had irritable bowel syndrome for 6 years and in the last 3 years it was preventing me from having a good quality of life. I was too anxious to do so many things because I couldn&#039;t trust my body to hold it together for any length of time. I tried hypnosis, mindfulness and naturopathic treatments but then asked my doctor about SSRI antidepressants. The first few weeks are awful but stick with it. I was in emergency because I had a panic attack and thought I was dying. I am now on 15mg Lexapro. It has been 3 months and this is truly a miracle. I feel totally normal and feel every emotion except I just think and ruminate less. I don&#039;t obsess anymore about leaving the house-I just leave. The drug has also been constipating for me, which after 6 years of irritable bowel syndrome is incredible. Highly recommend. "
"I have been on lisinopril 20/25 for about 6 to 9 yrs now. It controls my blood pressure. But I have felt dead since I started taking it. It kills my love life, I&#039;m not even interested. I am always tired. I am always sick. I always have a cough. Thanks to the fluid pill mix I pee every single time I cough. I never feel clean. I always have to buy pads. I know it&#039;s the meds because once in a while I will get sick of feeling this way and just stop taking them. I feel like a new person. So strong, so happy, loving life, lets play, clean, and brand new.... But I will check my BP and it will be soaring towards or past 200/160. My doctor knows about all of it, makes no effort to care, but It&#039;s time to stop all this nonsense."
"My experience with Portia is great. I&#039;ve been taking it for about a year now, and at first I was using it for poly-cystic ovarian syndrome control, but now I&#039;m using it as my only form of birth control. I&#039;ve never been pregnant on it, and my periods always come on time and my bleeding is rather light. At first it made my skin a lot clearer, but now it&#039;s back to normal, which is the only bad thing I can say about it."
"Similar to Valium except no active metabolites.  Was a very good anti-anxiety medicine for me."
"Had bursitis in the shoulder and haven&#039;t had the time to go for a cortisone shot.  Suffered through 2 weeks waiting for it to subside (doctor&#039;s on vacation) but doesn&#039;t seem to get better. Pharmacist gave me some of this, had the wife rub it on. I thought that I must be going out of my mind, because it felt better WITHIN SECONDS. I&#039;d say 90% of the pain is gone. This is the best. I&#039;ll use it a week, and then if it still hurts, I&#039;ll go to the doctor.  Worth every penny."
"It worked for my endometrium growth ....I used it for fertility treatment."
"I suffer from daily, chronic migraines. Sometimes lasts more than a day. My doctor prescribed me Naproxen, and it has benefited me so much. I had a headache for a little over 2 days. I took the pill and within 30 min, my migraine is gone. It has really helped me and I couldn&#039;t be happier."
"This medicine gave me diarrhea."
"I gave the medication some points because once I started taking it I immediately experienced a decrease in appetite.  I took 10 mg In the morning and 10 mg At night.  The first side effect was dry mouth and the second was a crushing headache.  I read this site and decided to work through it.  On day 3 I developed a huge rash on my inner thigh and then on my shoulders.  I had strange nightmares and felt out of sorts.  I then had irritability and snapped at my husband and young son on several occasions after day 5. On day six I stood up and felt dizzy and weird.  I developed anxiety and felt upset. By day 8 my husband and I talked and looked up the contents of the medicine.  Serotonin stood out to me.  I stopped taking it.  Run."
"I was prescribed tramadol 50 mg for a herniated disc. Two days ago I was not able to move because of the pain, I even had my legs buckle a couple times due to intense bursts of pain. 1 pill will dull the pain to a manageable level, 2 stops it completely. It does make me a little sleepy, but drinking coffee during the day kept me alert enough to work. I&#039;ve had no problems achieving an erection, but have not been able to &quot;finish&quot;. That is the only side effect I&#039;ve experienced to far. I am taking it with naproxen as an anti-inflammatory."
"I was on this pill for 4-5 years. I never realized how crazy it made me until I came off of it! I seriously constantly thought about eating and was never satisfied. The first month I was off my appetite cut in half and I lost 8 lbs! (138 to 130, so it&#039;s not like 8 lbs was insignificant). Since then I&#039;ve dropped another 3 - doing absolutely NOTHING. I had a weird constant white/yellow discharge on this pill for over a year that my Drs couldn&#039;t explain . I&#039;m not sure if all of this is just from this particular pill or if I&#039;d be like this on any HBC, but after my first month off I felt so much better I decided to get the copper IUD instead of a new hormonal option."
"I&#039;ve had acne prone skin for as long as my memory allows and it never really seemed to be calm. This past year my scaring and acne seemed to be at its height. Recently, the doctor had prescribed Adapalene gel to me and I was automatically seeing the already on my face pimples disappear and my skin got softer. However, I am now on week 4 and half and my acne is getting to be awful all over again. I have not experienced skin sensitivity or peeling like my doctor said to expect, but its so much breakouts I feel like its worse than before. However, I do notice my scars are lightened tremendously, I just can&#039;t seem to patient enough to wait to see my pimples clear up."
"Honestly the worst medicine ever. People who invented should be sued. I mean what we&#039;re they thinking????? It sent my mom to ER after 3 days and she was admitted for 8 days in hospital. She is still recovering. It will give you tons of pain all over your body, head, jaw, and more. It will make you unstable. I mean seriously the inventor of this medicine should be cursed the rest of his or her life. "
"It only works with me if I take 40 mg and am reasonably relaxed. "
"I wanted to write a review because I see so many people saying it caused them side effects, so I wanted to share a positve review so potential users aren&#039;t afraid to try it. 
I had no side effects whatsoever from this drug. I&#039;ve been on it for 8 years and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so it is definitely effective. And a bonus has been much lighter periods."
"I had a Colonoscopy which was the first one I had. I am 54 years old and elected to have this to be proactive.  I have to say I am normally nervous when General Anesthesia is administered because the first time I had surgery (Neck Surgery) I had a violent reaction involving nausea and vomiting. I had never had Diprivan (propofol) as an anesthetic but I was told by the Doctor that this medicine has an anti-nausea effect. He was absolutely correct. It was an awesome experience.  I am a person who gets sick from taking even mild pain pills and any kind of anesthesia.  I have to say it was great. I had no side effects whatsoever. The recovery time was nothing. I felt great when I came out of it. It felt like taking a short nap."
"Occasionally I take this for my migraines when I run out of my Midrin. I also have severe neck pain of unknown cause. Works very well, but I&#039;m careful not to take it all the time because I know it is addictive."
"Zoloft works for me. I&#039;ve tried other medicines, and had too many unfavorable side effects. Zoloft has just sort of evened me out. I can cope now, with therapy of course. I&#039;d recommend Zoloft for anyone who has bad side effects from other medicines, and who is getting therapy too. I&#039;m on a high dose, and my doctor wants to start weaning me off soon, so the therapy is key, I think."
"I broke my arm and severely messed my back up in a car accident.  I have had sciatic pain for 2 year. With Percocet, gabapentin and Zanaflex I am able to function correctly."
"GAS like you wouldn&#039;t even believe. I&#039;m actually afraid to leave the house! I felt it working right after I took the first two pill.

Cautiously optimistic, still 4 days to go."
"I had very bad acne problem, especially my on my face. I had it for a long time and nothing helped much. Then I started having them on my hair, I bought Oxigel and it has since worked miracles for me. All my acne is gone and also the scars though some times mild acne come back though it has almost cleared up."
"I&#039;ve been on all kinds of birth control since having my son 21 years ago. I got on Trinessa cause my current insurance doesn&#039;t cover for the Ortho Tri-Cyclen lo I was on before. I&#039;m almost 40 and have had a problem with acne my whole life, even while being on the Ortho Tri-Cyclen lo. Well I am VERY happy with Trinessa because my face has cleared up &amp; looks beautiful for the 1st time in my life! My periods only last 4 days which is awesome. So far I&#039;ve been on Trinessa almost a year &amp; will definitely continue it."
"I have been taking this medication for about a week now and my main purpose for it was to regulate and lighten my periods as well as help with acne.  After 4 days of taking it, I kept waking up with really bad cramps and brown spotting which is really annoying.  I feel bloated all the time and I experience really bad gas pain.  I also have really bad headaches and felt nauseous everyday so far.  I really hope all this stuff starts to subside and starts working."
"Started epiduo 3 weeks ago for my cystic acne. I have been using proactive for years and it helps with small acne, but did nothing for the hormonal breakouts monthly. All I can say is I wish I would have found epiduo years ago. I love it. My skin is clear, not perfect but so much better. My skin is not dried out like on proactive, and it just is finally smoothing out again.  No more big bumps on jaw line and if something starts to pop up, the epiduo works so fast to take care of it. Love this product. I use it nightly and only a small amount for my face and under chin area. I&#039;m giving it a 9 out of 10 because I&#039;ve only been on it for 3 weeks, but so far so good"
"I&#039;ve taken this medication for 8 months and i am satisfied. I mean just about as satisfied as can be with birth control. Personally no matter what birth control I have been on, I have always experienced a lower sex drive but I guess that&#039;s just a sacrifice I&#039;ve learned to live with but other than that my body reacted very well to it. No noticeable weight gain, and no mood swings and it definitely helped with cramps."
"I was given this medication after my insurance stopped covering Embrel (which worked awesome for me) the beginning of 2015. To me, this medication what the worst of all worst for my body. While taking this medication, I experience every side effect that it stated and never subsided. I experienced massive headaches, diarreah, and MAJOR weight loss. I had lost 10 - 15 pounds within a 3 month period. Now that iT has been almost a year in a half, I am STILL struggling to gain my weight back. The extreme weight loss now has caused joint issues that has prevented me from doing my daily routine activities. It didn&#039;t do much for my plaque psoriasis either. I wouldn&#039;t suggest this medication to anyone."
"I had an IV drip of Dilaudid for herniated discs in my neck. Then I took 2 x 4mg pills. It helped a little with the pain. I have Lyme and Fibromyalgia so my whole body is in pain usually an 8-10 or higher 24/7, 365 a year. I take Dilaudid often but it barely takes the edge off. It should be very helpful for a person not on pain killer long term and they need relief very fast for severe pain. Morphine drip and Dilaudid drip both felt about the same to me even though Dilaudid is supposed to be stronger."
"I&#039;ve read pages of these reviews after a second sleepless night due to itching and burning after application. I have blisterform eczema, for 7 tests now. I&#039;m a 26yo female. The eczema is on my feet and is triggered by stress and sweating... and stress causes more sweating. My detmatologist prescribed this for me. Day 1 the sweat was 85% gone and very few new blisters appeared (only 4 when I normally get 10-20/day). It itches and burns pretty bad but I&#039;m toughing through it and am looking forward to tomorrows results (day 2). When I&#039;m blister free I&#039;m going to get my first pedicure ever!"
"I have been on Contrave since jan 23rd 2015.  The first month I did not notice a difference in my eating habits but I lost 2 pounds.  I did experience constipation almost every day in the first 3 weeks which gradually dissipated.  As of today I have lost 9 pounds (7 in the last 5 weeks).  I have found that I have lost my urges to overeat and to snack.  I have also noticed that I eat less during meals.  I am not trying to diet.  All of a sudden I just noticed that I am not thinking about food at all.  I have been only eating when I am hungry. (my stomach is literally growling before I think about it).  The one thing that I have been feeling that I am not sure is related to the drug or not is feeling dizzy when I ride the chairlift skiing."
"I didn&#039;t realize it at the time but this stuff really did literally make me bipolar! I never considered myself bipolar before this medication. It made me not be able to sleep for days at a time, made my normal moods worse at times, and just over all set off mental conditions that I don&#039;t normally have issue&#039;s with, and at the time I didn&#039;t see or understand that, now."
"I have been using buspirone (Buspar) along with Cymbalta for depression and anxiety for about 2 years now.  It did take a while to get my regimen figured out as far as how much to take and when to take it, but now that I take it regularly and consistently, my life has changed.  The side effects were horrible at first, including stomach aches and severe dizziness, but they have mostly subsided.  I take mine with food in the morning, and if I&#039;m having an extra stressful day, I can take one in the afternoon or evening.  It definitely calms my nerves.  I feel normal again instead of in a cloud of depression and anxiety.  It may not work for everyone, but it has worked for me and I will continue taking it."
"This is a great low level breakthrough pain medication for people who do not have a tolerance built up for pain medications."
"I&#039;m 18. I&#039;ve been on this pill for 5 months and I am switching as soon as possible. This pill causes me to have intense cramps. Not just while I&#039;m on my period, but all month long. They are so painful I have to lay down in a fetal position until they stop, which is usually 15-30 minutes. Besides the extreme pain, I also experienced bad mood swings. The week before and the week I&#039;m on my period I am a raging animal. It is very hard to control. I&#039;ve used several other birth control pills in the past two years but I have never experienced PMS like this before."
"I started Tenuate in Mid March and now am down 40  lbs. I use Tenuate along with a low calorie diet and moderate exercise.  I just reached one of my first goals which was to be &lt;200 lbs.  That was a big step for me.  I haven&#039;t been this small since my first pregnancy back in 1995.  I still have a long way to go but I am very happy with the outcome this far.  I usually skip the Tenuate on the weekends because I tend to not eat breakfast on weekends.  If I don&#039;t eat an hour or so after taking the pill in the mornings, I get a little jittery. I would recommend this to anyone looking to lose big numbers. I weigh in with my doctor once a month and she monitors my blood pressure, etc. Couldn&#039;t be happier."
"This drug has IMPROVED my grand-daughter&#039;s life 100 %. Words cannot express my gratitude. She now is living up to all that she can be and do and the family is loving it. "
"I am 19 years old with severe acne. I took this when I was around 16 or 17 for about 3 months. I was never happier with how my face looked I had absolutely not one pimple after taking this for 3 months BUT I stopped taking it because I was happy with the results when I was supposed to take it for 9 months. Don&#039;t do that! Because my acne came back almost just as bad. I hear if you take it for the full amount it works though. I honestly had no real side effects. I think because I only took it for 3 months."
"I have had the Para guard for about 9 months now.  I was opting for the essure procedure when I went to the doctors. After personally looking at the coils and getting info from the gyne, I decided on the para guard instead. I am happy with it. It didn&#039;t hurt at all having it put in. Just a little tugs and minutes later it was in. the first month was really heavy bleeding for days. Since I have had it in for 9 months now, it has gotten less bleeding, but I still have one day a month it is really heavy. No spotting during the month."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about two weeks.  5mg in the morning and at night.  I also take Topamax 125 mg twice a day.  Remereon, 30 mg at night.  Klonopin 0.5 twice a day as needed.  I feel the Saphris calms me down but after my nightly dose, I get the hunger pains very bad and I eat and eat.  This is not good for me.  In the morning it is very hard to wake up and my sleep is not very deep.   I was on Seroquel in the past, a small dose at night and my hunger was not this bad and my sleep was better.  I hope being on Seroquel will work again."
"Weight gain within days of starting with this birth control and bloated."
"I don&#039;t normally do any &quot;social media&quot; reviews - only if something is really bad or really good.  Well, Soolantra is really &quot;good&quot;!  Have been on Oracea for almost two years and it is doing what it can, and I&#039;m happy with it.  However, my Dr. added Soolantra four months ago to use daily.  Well .... what a difference this had made.  My face is soft, the white and blackheads are basically gone.  Would highly recommend - give it a month and you will see and feel the difference.  Has helped with the redness of nose and face as well."
"Started Humira in April 2013 and I have lost lots of hair and have skin issues. I have also lost weight and have no appetite. I also am on Diflucan for Valley fever. "
"1st 2 days were great. Took it on an empty belly, felt that euphoric feeling that people mention. Did have trouble sleeping that night. Woke up every 1 to 2 hours. Skip to day 3 I was so exhausted about 2 hours after taking the Phentermine. Doctor suggested to wait longer to eat after taking them. That did the trick. By this time I was taking Unisom or Zzzquil to help sleep at night. That works wonders. Now I&#039;m 3 weeks in and have lost 4 pounds. I would have liked to seen amazing results like everybody else but I&#039;ll take the 4 lbs. Also I&#039;m only on 15 mg. I started at 203 and am at 199. I go in for my 1 month checkup and we&#039;ll see what he thinks of the progress."
"Viibryd has been an effective medicine for me. I&#039;ve never been on a anti-depressant before and was a bit weary of being on one for my newly diagnosed depression. Thanks to my doctor he told me how to take this properly to avoid negative issues and have success.  I started 10mg for 2 weeks and 20mg the next to weeks. I did have stomach issues but he told me I would because of a chemical called serotonin that is made in the stomach but travels to the nervous system to regulate my mood &quot;strange&quot;  therefore I would feel gassy but did go away after a week my body adjusting. Also strange was despite gassy feeling I was out with friends who I surprised with my presence at another friends party.  It felt good to be out!  I am staying on 20mg."
"On a low dose (25mg) but helped with anxiety and depression, i feel much better since ive been on it. helped lower feelings of sadness and anxiety, makes it easier to live life."
"Hi I am a 52 year old man who has had MS for about 18 years (SMPS) I&#039;m on a lot of hormones for other problems which have helped masked the MS symptoms but not so any more, I&#039;m now on Ty and have had 5 infusions and have not noticed any changes better or worse no side effects, I hope for a miracle but who knows, I&#039;m JC neg and have a lot of trust in my Neurologist, lets all hope for a better tomorrow cost is 0 as Australia medicare pays"
"I started saxenda a littler less than a month ago. I am 5&#039;6 and started out at 201lb. I just got weighted yesterday at doc and am now 194lb. So I lost some weight but not that much. I haven&#039;t changed anything with eating/activity level but notices I eat way less than I did. I am still not at the full dosage I am taking that slow and just started getting welts at the injection site. This is not enough to make me stop. I want to see if this goes away in its own. I will update in another month while trying to eat more health and increasing my activity level."
"My boyfriend and I have been together for a year, long story short his cheating ex had given him std&#039;s (curable ones), but had also passed  herpes, dormant until 3 months ago. Surprise! It was mild and didn&#039;t look like herpes at all, but then I got it much worse, all over genitals, cold sores and eye infection. I was prepared for weeks of pain and the antiviral meds would speed it up but not stop the process. The blisters came (not popping yet) I read about lysine, took 3g a day for 3 days. I kid you not, it reversed my first outbreak. Cold sores dried up and scabbed over, blisters never burst, just shrunk and disappeared. I never had to deal with the ulcers. Gone in 3 days after using it. This is a miracle drug!"
"I have brain tumors and Fioricet works wonders. It makes the pain go away in about an hour. I couldn&#039;t live without this wonder drug."
"52 year old female with years of frequency, especially nighttime.  Have been taking Detrol LA for 1.5 years at bedtime.  Worked very well until recently when I started having to get up at night again.  Doctor is prescribing Synvasc but I&#039;m not crazy about the idea of having to take it an hour before I can eat."
"This medicine has literally given me my life back.  It stops the diarrhea and I do not have the constant urge to have to use the bathroom anymore.  I recommend it to anyone suffering from ibs d."
"This was one of the first IBS-D medicine I have taken. It worked somewhat, but it made me forget everything. And I mean EVERYTHING."
"Took my first dose of 20 mg of Levitra tonight, and it worked perfectly! I had a meal before, so it took longer, but when it kicked in, my wife was a very happy camper afterwards. Only side effects are flushed skin on the face, and mild-moderate headache after. Also felt dizzy and not so stable on my feet for a bit, but that is now gone. Multiple erections possible, but my wife crashed out after the first time. I am back in the game!"
"I was told to take this medication with food, which I did.  Within an hour I had overwhelming nausea and diarrhea and then vomiting for several hours after that. "
"Worked for me within 10 days.  I was using a leg brace and cane, and once it started working I&#039;ve never used them since.  Most annoying side effect is frequent bladder infections, but work with a urologist to control them.  This drug saved my life."
"I have to swallow two tablets an hour before I expect motion sickness to occur (getting on a plane, riding in a car, etc.) and it totally works. Doesn&#039;t work instantly for me though. I also took this for nausea due to pregnancy and it helped with that too. I highly recommend Bonine!"
"I was taking Lyrica following a trial of Cymbalta failed miserably.  I was titrated up to 150 mg twice a day.  4 days following the last increase in dose I noticed substantial foot and lower leg swelling. I promptly stopped taking the medication following consulting my physician."
"I have been using the Fentanyl patch for about 10 days now (50mcg), and it works very well. I also use Norco 10/325 for breakthrough pain. I was previously on MS-Contin 45mg/3 x per day with Norco for breakthrough pain, and it didn&#039;t work half as good as the patch. I have adhesive arachnoiditis, and the Fentanyl patch has been the only medicine that allows me to walk around the house.  I was bedridden otherwise.  The only issue I have with it is the medicine doesn&#039;t seem to last the whole 72 hrs, only about 64 hrs.  I place the patch on the side of my abdomen, where movement is minimal, and it seems to stay in place better than on my arm or anywhere else."
"I take effexor, lamictal, ativan which are not helping too much.  My doc gave me Trazodone to help with sleeping.  I feel very groggy when waking up.  It&#039;s not helping me with depression but helps me sleep."
"After years of not being able to fall asleep or stay asleep and after trying Lunesta and Ambien I was tired. Sonata works great for me and I don&#039;t wake up groggy or hung over. I feel great for the first time in my life. I have fibromyalgia/chronic fatigue syndrome and it is essential to get sleep. I feel refreshed and ready to go in the mornings.....love it. Thankful my doctor said to give it a try. Hope this helps."
"I highly recommend trying this medicine.  I&#039;ve been suffering with extreme anxiety/ocd for years.  Tried lexapro(bad weight gain &amp; didnt feel any different), elavil(did the same as lexapro) and pristiq(made me feel worse).  Finally I went to a psychiatrist &amp; he immediately put me on zoloft 25 mg (sertraline) &amp; small dose of xanax (alprazolam).  We planned out to slowly iincrease up to 200 mg within a few months. Eventually made it to the max dose 6 months later, along with CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy).  I&rsquo;ve had a few side effects (memory loss, stomach problems) but that&#039;s it.  I can finally go throughout my days &amp; function.  Some days are just crap though, which happens.  Changed my life &amp; am so thankful."
"I have been on Reclipsen for about two years now. It does it&#039;s job by preventing pregnancy and I get my periods regularly. I haven&#039;t tried skipping my period yet though. Closer to my period I get moody but what girl doesn&#039;t, I also crave weird things while on my period. I started to get migraines, I&#039;m not sure if it is because of the birth control however. I used to get then really bad about a year into taking birth control but now my migraines are less frequent. Like I said, I&#039;m not sure if it is because of the medication or not. Otherwise my face is clear, always has been. I didn&#039;t gain any weight nor my hair didn&#039;t grow. I plan to keep being on Reclipsen but it can be annoying to take a pill everyday."
"I have had HPV for a couple years now and I&#039;m 21 now, My GW signs didn&#039;t show til I turned 19 I was dealing with pain from my gastro reflux disease feeling hopeless &amp; being embarrassed to go to the doctor I finally went and she apply some cream two times I came to see her and it did nothing and I was hopeless embarrassed of my warts bc they have raised and are big and I went to her and asked to cut them off but now I see that if I would have researched more I wouldn&#039;t be going thru the pain of getting them poked with burning numbing meds that don&#039;t work fully bc I could feel her cutting them it was horrible I damn near don&#039;t wanna have sex anymore bc of this surgery smh I should have just used Imiquimod and now its been 5days I&#039;m healing good"
"Bone on bone both knees. Retired RN
68 12hour shifts for 21 years really hard on the knees. Walked in to Orthopedic unable to put any weight on right leg without pain. After first injection pain was gone. Got #2 and #3 a week apart. No pain for two years!"
"I have been taking Plaquenil for about 2 months. I started out with 200 mg/1x day along with Prednisone to treat my RA, slowly tapering off the steroids. Now I am just on Plaquenil.
I have to say that the pain is still there, especially in the morning and late evening. Sometimes it is difficult to fall asleep, but I gave it a 6 because it is nothing like before when I took no medication.  Perhaps it works better for others?  I still have the swelling and stiffness in the mornings, but, as I said, nothing like before.
It also only gets a 6 because the headaches I get while taking it are debilitating.  I sometimes wonder if the trade off is worth it?  They start about 30 minutes after taking it and last until I manage to fall asleep. Sigh."
"I had bad ibs c for almost 10 years I&#039;m a 23 yr old male that has tried everything and had enough of it I tryed linzess 290mg and it was too much I was very excited I went down to 145mg and now I have my life back I was so worried about leaving my house but now it&#039;s the total opposite this drug is a miracle drug for me. What I normally do is take the 145mg at 9am drink water then till 930 then at 935 I will eat and relax, in a hour or little more I will have a bm, the rest of the day I will hardly go but I will feel good no bloating no tummy acke no worries!!! I hope this helped!"
"I have been taking Lamictal for almost two months. It has worked great for my Bipolar Disorder. It at first gave me severe stomach pains with diarrhea that subsided after a week or so. I noticed I&#039;m more sensitive to foods now. Like for example I cannot eat tomato products anymore (I used to be allergic when I was younger). And also greasy foods make me very sick (which may be due to my gallbladder removal). But over all good results from this drug!"
"My sister had multiple myeloma, she took this drug for about 2 months. She developed a blood clot in her heart and died 2 days ago from a cardiac arrest while she was at the hospital. Her quality of life before this was zero while taking revlimid."
"This is a miracle drug for me. I have spinal cord damage and I would pee my pants several times a day and had to use poise pads all the time .
  As a woman I was absolutely miserable because I never feel clean. I am so grateful to my physician for recommending this drug to me"
"I was prescribed this for fibromyalgia, I&#039;ve tried it several times at low doses and have had a horrible experience. I can not explain this but within an hour of taking lyrica I get the most severe tooth pain, like every tooth suddenly has a hole in it ? I went to my dentist the first time NO HOLES?? My doctor thought it was amusing ? Bizarre. My real problem is the next morning after taking lyrica I have horrendous stomach pain for days, hurts to urinate, poop or fart. Feels like I really have to push to urinate, my doctor said sounds like stomach/intestine inflammation which is on the common side, so I&#039;ve been taken off it. I will say I sleep like a baby after taking it!"
"Naltrexone is a godsend! My addiction is in my head and this drug helps me big time. I have been alcoholic 4 thirty years and I feel so free from the chains of that goddamn bottle!!"
"This is the best thing ever. I was suffering from no desire to go to work, I couldn&#039;t wake up, I was always late, I lost my motivation to accomplish things, I was anti-social and really just hating myself and life. I was also flustered, confused, feeling out of control and miserable. I started Wellbutrin and by the third day I could REALLY feel the difference. My mind starter to clear, I wasn&#039;t hazy, my motivation was back and I could wake up early. This has been an answer to prayers. The study of the brain and body with science is amazing. I&#039;m very thankful."
"It works great as long as you are NOT allergic to sulfa drugs, sulfates or sulfites!  If you are allergic to any of those, you might want to talk to your doctor before you take albuterol sulfate.  It made my asthma worse, every time I used it.  Once I stopped using it, my asthma was nearly gone by the next day.  It turned out that not only can&#039;t I use sulfa drugs, I cannot use this medication to quickly stop an asthma attack.  Unfortunately, I know three other people (friends of mine) who had the same reaction to this inhaler. They also, are allergic to sulfa drugs. The drug companies need to come up with an albuterol inhaler that does not use sulfates."
"Took 1 injection. Found out I could not afford it because Medicare won&#039;t pay. Have never experienced a FLAIR of this nature. I am in so much pain it is unbearable. Hope it goes away soon. I cannot bear it!"
"I took two tablets at 9am yesterday, followed by about 5-6 bottles of water. Sure the congestion and cold went away significantly, but I could not sleep til about 430am! I work a 12 hour shift, and had to call out from work. Needless to say, this medicine is going in the garbage. Heart palpitations, anxiety and insomnia!"
"Works great.  You still need to get aroused for it to work, but that seems much easier as well.  The first time I took it I had to wait 3 hours for the effect, so don&#039;t panic if it doesn&#039;t work after an hour.  It was definitely worth the wait. I was afraid it wouldn&#039;t work for me at first.  Put it out of my mind, and three hours later....POW.  Just try to relax and enjoy."
"Adderall is overall a good ADD medicine. The only side effects I get are insomnia and weight loss but it really does work for school."
"I switched from butrans patch (which caused some itching and did not seem to last past day six) to Belbuca.  I am on day 4 and have no pain relief.  I have severe diabetic neuropathy an the butrans made the pain manageable, especially at night.  The film does not completely dissolve, I do not recommend trying this medication unless you have some sort of back up medication for pain relief."
"I experience chronic constipation due to the medications I am on, if I don&#039;t take something, I cannot go!  I use Milk of Magnesia for work days when I want to be in control of my bowels, as it is less &quot;demanding&quot; than stimulant laxatives.  

IMPORTANT!  For best effects, take it first thing in the morning on an empty stomach with a full glass of water, the more the better.  Depending on the condition of your bowels, it will kick in between 4 hours to 12 hours.  I take the maximum recommended dosage and it will move my bowels enough to make me comfortable for a day or so.   I use a stimulant laxative on weekends to flush my bowels out and prepare me for another week.  This works for me well, personally."
"I had not been stung by a wasp in 28 years and then within a week got stung twice. The first time I did not go to the doctor for 24 hours and got a cortisone shot and had a lot of swelling, itching and burning. 6 days later got stung again and this time my hand swelled and burned and I went to doctor right away. I got 6 day dose pack and was instructed to take the first day dose all at once then follow instructions for remaining 5 days. About an hour after taking medication the itching, burning quit and by morning there was no swelling or pain. Now I have to keep an Epipen with me."
"My dosage is 27 mg and I take it in the morning before I go to school. It tends to ware off by 12."
"One use and my skin has already started to clear"
"Had a pneumonia shot at 45. Said I would never need another. Being 63 and diabetic doctor recommended one. No worse than a flu shot. Arm was a little sore so took Advil and slept on other side. Felt fine the next day."
"Helped to control my diabetes. No side effects now I am in the normal range."
"I&#039;ve used Lovaza for about 8 months and triglycerides are now 900, before it was 3000. My family, sister and father have very high triglycerides. This is the only drug that has ever worked for me and I&#039;ve used them all. I got my sister to tell her Doctor about it and he put her on Omacor, hers went from 1000 to 250 in 3 months. I just wonder how common this illness is. "
"the SAME unbearable itch and discomfort happened to me but now that I rinsed it off in the shower am I supposed to use another product? or wait a few days? I&#039;m not sure what the next step is!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for less than a month. I was recommended by my doctor and after considering the patch, chose Nexplanon because of its convenience. I don&#039;t have to do anything at all. Nothing to remember. In the first couple weeks, I noticed some mood swings, but that could have been because of the amount of stress I was under (college). I have had frequent brown discharge but I&#039;ve read that that&#039;s just my system regulating and clearing out the old blood. Other than that, no problems. I&#039;m due to get my period tomorrow but am not having any of the normal symptoms, so I don&#039;t think it&#039;ll come."
"I was having premature ventricular contractions.  While I have only been on this drug a few days, I am noticing a lessening of the PVC&#039;s and actually starting to feel better.  I also take spironolactone at a low dose.  The only side effect I am noticing is a feeling of anxiety which I cannot directly connect with this drug.  I have not had problems with driving or any other activities.  This is also the first blood pressure medicine that has not left me lightheaded or dizzy.  So far so good!  Let&#039;s hope this one has a long term safety record as I&#039;d like to stay on this one."
"I love my Implanon! It wasn&#039;t that painful with the insertion. It bruised for a week. But when you get it first put in you will probably bleed a little for a day or two but after that no periods! Well in my experience I had no periods. It&#039;s almost been a year since I had it inserted and I am never scared to get pregnant. I had no negative side effects at all. No weight gain or chemical imbalances.

Implanon is the way to go. I was skeptical at first because of these negative views but remember those are extreme cases. I have many family members who are on Implanon and share the same positive experience as I did!"
"I got Nexplanon a month after giving birth. Getting it was quick &amp; easy! It made my period lighter but every since I&#039;ve had it I haven&#039;t stopped spotting. I wear liners every day &amp; have been since insertion. My mood swings have been horrible &amp; I can&#039;t stop eating. I&#039;ve been tired too. Overall I love it &amp; its working fine for now."
"Several weeks after using Trilipix, my hair started to fall out.  Everyday, I had to clean large clumps of hair out of my hairbrush. About 2 weeks after stopping using the drug (it was the only change in any of my routines) my hair was back to normal. "
"I was diagnosed 8 yrs ago with ADD, at 45 I wish I&#039;d had  this info and medication. My life has changed for the better. I do  notice a major difference in the pink 30 mg   verses the orange. The pink ones make me feel like I&#039;m a zombie. They also make me sad and I get red blotches over my body."
"I&#039;m 38 years old and I&#039;m wish I had found this sooner. I remember going to the Prom and being so embarrassed because I was sweating so much I didn&#039;t want to lift my arms up to dance.  I&#039;ve only used it for 4 days (every other day) and I just can&#039;t believe it!  I put it on the first night - a little burning but it wasn&#039;t that bad.  The next morning I was so scared to go anywhere without a regular deodorant but I couldn&#039;t believe I didn&#039;t sweat the whole day!  It really works!  I&#039;ve been stuck trying tons of regular deodorants over the years and nothing has worked.  I&#039;m dry and smell good now."
"I have been on Tenoretic 50 for almost 4 months. I was originally on atenolol 50 mg until went to doctor after getting several high blood pressure readings. Highest was 157/101 when went to doctor. He prescribed this and took a while to get numbers down along with some lifestyle changes but my numbers have come down to the normal range. I have not experienced any side effects. I use the restroom often anyway, but have noticed I wake up some nights to use it more often than I did beforehand. I take my dose in the afternoon before dinner so I don&#039;t wake up in morning with a racing heart. So for now, so far, so good!  I recommend if you and your doctor think this is right for you. I monitor my blood pressure, but haven&#039;t had any blood tests yet."
"I started taking zoloft the other day. I only took 2 days worth and at first I just felt out of it and I heard that was common but then I started having even worse panic attacks and trouble sleeping. In the middle of the night the second night I starting having mild hallucinations. Things were moving and just looking weird and I had to wakeup my fianc"
"Blood glucose levels do not bounce around as much since I began using this."
"I have arthritis in both knees. One is severe bone on bone the other is moderate. So they started injections in my left knee first as the right one wasn&#039;t bothering me too much as the cortizone shots was still slightly effective. So got two shots not too bad as far as pain. Go get the 3rd one and the doctor didn&#039;t take her time like before to find just the right spot and she injected me. As soon as she started putting the fluid into my knee I felt a burning liquid feeling going from the injection site (the outside of my knee to the inside of my knee) It didn&#039;t stop there. It felt as she put more in like my knee was going to explode out the side. I was not expecting that. I just held my breath and when she was done I said. Wow that hurt. Why"
"Terrible!! I was spotting the entire time I was on this birth control pill so obviously not effective. Would not recommend, only got put on this version because my insurance didn&#039;t cover my other brand. Will be paying out of pocket and switching back."
"I had the Implanon inserted in June 2011 and had it taken out recently in June 2014 when my three year mark was up. I&#039;m giving it a six because it did prevent pregnancy in my case. Pros from my experience: No periods &amp; no pregnancies.
Cons from my experiences: 80lbs weight gained(I also had some family issues, work &amp; school. Not blaming it all on the birth control). NO sex drive at all I was never in the mood, and my feet seemed to get bigger. Other than that its a great birth control. It works effectively on other people. Some have no weight gain and some do. I do recommended this because it does work great for preventing pregnancy!"
"I have been on Tenuate for three months and along with a healthy low carb diet, I have lost 22 pounds. I asked the Doctor for a prescription with little to no side effects. This medication has succeeded. "
"I had RLS in the evening and while sleeping for years.
Finally brought it up with my doctor.  I now take 0.25 mg Mirapex morning and evening.  It works for me.  If I run out for a couple days,  the restless legs and fidgities come right back.  No negative side effects that I know of."
"Been on this one or Gildess 21 day, for almost five years. I didn&#039;t feel a difference between Gildess and this. I love how this regulates my periods. I always know when the first day is coming, and the cramps and heavy bleeding only last one day, on the first day, when they lasted longer before the pill. I will say, I have forgotten to take the pill until the next day and felt fine (would still use backup birth control) but the one day I lost the pill and didn&#039;t take it at all, I got a massive migraine a couple days later. Probably something to do with the hormones. If you have some anxiety on it, try daily vitamin B. It helped me a bit, although I know that isn&#039;t the definitive answer for everyone. Overall, I would suggest this pill."
"I had a very positive experience with NuvaRing. The only birth control that I had zero side effects from, never got pregnant. I stopped using it due to financial reasons and my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it. It was super convenient and I highly recommend it.

As far as the horror stories - all birth control methods which involve hormones can have serious serious side effects. It&#039;s all about finding what dosage and specific form of the hormone is best for you. Any RX carries a risk, all of our bodies are different."
"I have now been on Saxenda for approx. 4 months, since 11-2015, I lost 12 lbs, its slow, but it definitely is working. I first started off on 0.6 then in 30 days I went to 3.0 mg it definitely suppress your hunger and best of all for the first time, My A1C went for 6.3 to 5.8. This was very drastic for me because I have been over 6.0 for 10 yrs... Saxenda is a great medicine,,I think I reached a plateau because I have not lost any weight in the past 3 weeks,but the flip side, I haven&#039;t gained any extra weight either. so I am just waiting for another 3 months to check my A1C levels again,hopefully I will start losing again..... I will keep you posted"
"This drug is exceptional.  For those who give it 1 star because they felt weak or dizzy I bet they need to simply reduce the dose.  I only need 10mg/day to drop my bp from 155/90 to 120/70.  Don&#039;t just trust the docs and take 40 or 80mg because this is a new drug and they don&#039;t know how to dose it yet.  The trick is to keep lowering the dose until your bp begins to move up from the ideal.  Many people here probably only need 20mg/day or maybe just 10mg for it to work."
"Works great for me"
"I don&#039;t normally do any &quot;social media&quot; reviews - only if something is really bad or really good.  Well, Soolantra is really &quot;good&quot;!  Have been on Oracea for almost two years and it is doing what it can, and I&#039;m happy with it.  However, my Dr. added Soolantra four months ago to use daily.  Well .... what a difference this had made.  My face is soft, the white and blackheads are basically gone.  Would highly recommend - give it a month and you will see and feel the difference.  Has helped with the redness of nose and face as well."
"It didn&rsquo;t cause any side effects, and, more important, I&rsquo;m not dead. That&rsquo;s pretty good."
"The thing about birth control is that it affects everyone differently. Everyone has a different experience with different birth controls, because all of our bodies and personalities are different.  While some birth controls do contain similar stories, and that is a good indicator, it is truly a different experience for each individual, so try and find one what fits you best, you might have to test a couple out."
"Not a lot of side effects compared to other birth controls I have been on. Breasts have gotten quite big and heavy, not a fan of this but the boyfriend is. I&#039;m starting month 3 and last period came a day after stopped taking active pills, first month on it didn&#039;t start until I started active pills again so my body is adjusting well. All in all its the best pill I have taken. I much prefer the copper IUD but have a bicornuate uterus so cannot use IUD. "
"Toviaz worked very well for the first few weeks, but then started losing its effectiveness.  I used to wake up 10 times a night to use the bathroom and now I get up around 5 times a night.  It causes dry mouth (which is especially bad during the night) and also makes me tired.  Also, the best insurance plans typically won&#039;t cover this medication (I pay $70 for one month supply)."
"Sooo, I only had the shot once I first got it on the 2nd day of my period at the end of June. My period continued regularly then the whole month of July I didn&#039;t get a period then at the end of August I started bleeding it&#039;s now the beginning of September and I&#039;m still bleeding (3weeks) I&#039;m due to go back sept 15 to get the shot but  I&#039;m kinda reconsidering."
"Switched to Latuda after suffering a full manic episode.  Works so much better than Depakote.  No real side effects.  Works very well at helping to control my mood-swings and manic energy.  Everyone including myself cant believe how well it works for me."
"I have arthritis in my neck, back and knees I also have chronic pain from repeated abdominal surgeries, I have muscular pain too. Voltaren emulgel is amazing. My son played hockey to a Jr A level and had to quit due to chronic knee pain from arthritis (he is only 23) and it has helped us both a great deal. We have had no side effects and we use it for major flare-ups as it is not intended for long term daily use. We each get a big tube, even though some might find it pricey, you don&#039;t have to use a lot it lasts a long time. The relief it provides is priceless. You should not take it with oral anti-inflammatories and ask a doctor before use if you have any medical conditions and/or take medications (even natural remedies). Great product."
"Chantix worked great for trying to quit smoking, up until the time you stop taking it. That&#039;s when I really noticed the depression. That was 3 years ago. Since than I started smoking and have attempted to quit again using chantix, now the depression and suicidal thoughts start after about day 3. I have done this trial about 5 times because I thought maybe the depression came because I was already depressed and it just intensified it, but after 5 times I am 100% convinced it&#039;s the medicine.

Please be careful when taking this medication. Have someone you trust keep a watchful eye on your moods, sometimes your mood will change gradually and may not be evident the toll the medicine is taking. Watch for sadness, isolation, anger/rage suicide"
"I was getting 18 migraines a month and it was too much to handle. I was put on another antidepressant and that sent them down to 2/3 a week. After starting Elavil, I get around 4 a month!! What an improvement!"
"If you have been struggling with unsuccessful medications for years, you need to go get genetic testing. Do it. This is a fairly recent development which I just found out about two months ago, after taking various medications for depression and anxiety for 15 years. My genetic test results indicate that I have 4 gene mutations that make the use of SSRIs and SNRIs ineffective. And of course, those are the medications I have been taking since the onset of my depression.
So I am making the switch to Trintellix. Too early to say if this will be the right medication for me, but it is a comfort to know I am at least now working with my genetics instead of against them.
Genetic testing is not the silver bullet, but it is valuable data. Do it."
"I have tried numerous sleep aids, from natural, over the counter,  to prescribed, and this one by far works the best for me. I was prescribed 25mg to take at bed. It does help me fall asleep a little faster, because it helps my brain &quot;shut off&quot;, and it definitely helps me sleep better. I still wake up through out the night, but not as much, and falling back asleep is a lot easier. It does make me feel slightly groggy in the morning, and I am having slight dry mouth. The benefit outweighs the side effects for sure. I&#039;ve tried Trazodone, and that didn&#039;t help at all, and experienced the rare side effect of painful erection...that was awful."
"I will be starting my 4th round next week of Xeloda (generic).  I have stage 4 breast cancer that I have been battling for over 6 years.  Tumor spread to the liver, some sort of tumors near my kidney pressing my urethra, and pleurisy.  I was losing 1 to 2 lbs a day.

This is only my third therapy in all those years.  My first round was 4,000 mg per day for 14 days.  We had to adjust as the pain in my feet became horrific after a week.  I am now taking 3,000 mg per day for 7 days on; 7 days off.  

I am no longer losing weight so we know the xeloda is probably working on the liver.  The pleural area is not refilling (had surgery); kidney was saved with stents.  

Please do not be quick to jump to another drug (only when they stop working)."
"I have three damaged disc&#039;s in my lower back. Doctors wanted to remove. I refused and started out on 120 Lortabs per month. That was increased by the additional 120 tabs of 15 mg oxycodone per month. My life was consumed by pain so bad I could could hardly get out of bed or walk. 6 months later I was prescribed an additional 60 30 mg of Morphine. Needless to say I am no longer in any pain, I was nodding out everywhere. I took morphine for a year. Detox wasn&#039;t fun and it&#039;s worst if you are a weak junkie. I took oxycodone for another year. My doctor suggest Fentanyl. It changed my life."
"Hello Everyone

I thought I would get on as much as I can to assist people with making the right decision. I am now on week 3 2 am 1 pm or noon. I still have no side effects. I have experienced headaches but they didn&#039;t stay long. I am down 7 lbs. I still eat sweets but not the entire thing, its always a portion. If I drink juice I dilute it with water and it has assisted me with making the right choice. So today instead of having both a brownie and a small piece of bread I just had the small roll and instead of having the pasta I just choose to have meat and a salad. Here is a tip I started taking it after my meal but now I take it with either apple sauce if I am not hungry at the time or yogurt. it allows me to wait a little longer to eat"
"I started taking this pill and about a week in my headaches were unbearable and then tonight I have vomited every 20 mins for hours. Definitely not recommend"
"Holy moly...I started looking this up after having intense burning this morning after taking this medication last night.  I&#039;m headed to sit in a baking soda bath while my husband runs to the store to talk to the pharmacist. AVOID THIS MEDICATION!!!"
"Just switched from the Nuva-ring because it was giving me horrible hormone headaches. Been slightly nauseous switching back to an oral pill. Only thing to note is super intense nipple sensitivity. Ow!  Hope it subsides soon."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena for 5 years. I&#039;m having it takin out next month. I&#039;ve really enjoyed having this birth control. For one it was very effective and I didn&#039;t have to remember to take a pill. The only thing I have bad to say about the Mirena is it did cause cyst which was very painful at times and as I&#039;ve read all the reviews not one person mentioned discharge. It causes you to &quot;leak&quot;. Its perfectly normal.  But to me was gross. And it was a lot! I can say my sex drive has decreased in the last year to where I don&#039;t want it at all. Other than that it has been great! Getting it put in didn&#039;t really hurt I just felt pressure.  Hope this helps!"
"I have been on this pill for a month and half now. I have experienced an increase in my eating, I have been getting dizzy for a few minutes, and a rash of whitish pimples on my chest and on my forearm that I have never had before. I haven&#039;t experienced any bleeding or any period at all which is good because my periods were pretty bad. I just hope these side effects go away."
"I smoked for 20 years. I tried everything, zyban, patches, gum, hypnosis, vaping, etc. I had no problem making it a few days and a few times I even lasted a month, but I could never make it stick. I thought I could never quit. Chantix worked. Don&#039;t get me wrong, the side affects are awful. I had horrible, vivid nightmares. It also gave me painful stomach cramps and made me nauseous with the first 30 minutes of taking them (I found that taking the pills with a glass of milk helped). I&#039;m glad I stuck with it though. I ended up taking the pills for about 3 months. Stopped smoking about 1 week in. It has now been almost 2 years smoke free. I still have the occasional craving ( maybe once a week) but they pass within a few minutes."
"I just started the patch 2 weeks ago &amp; About 4 days ago I started getting unbearable cramps, that last about 5 minutes, every 20 minutes or so. I have never been in this much pain. I finally took it off &amp; The cramps stopped about an hour later. Not using this ever again."
"I&#039;ve been on Topamax since March 2009. I&#039;ve lost 75 of the 110 pounds I need to lose. The side effects are annoying and, in the beginning I really wanted to quit the medication. But as I&#039;ve lost the weight, I&#039;ve actually been able to decrease the dosage so a lot of the side effects have decreased as well. Some of them are easier to live with than others. The paresthesia has mostly subsided, but I do still struggle with memory lapses. I quit drinking all carbonated beverages because I do not like the way they taste. That has probably helped with the weight loss anyway. Overall, I am quite pleased. I am also pleased to read that others have been able to maintain their weight on this drug."
"I have been taking Vyvanse for 4 years now and I have been on the same dose of 30mg for severe ADHD. A lot of people have trouble staying on the same dose and need to increase because they get used to the drug. Just a tip: take as needed and when you feel the effects wearing off? Drink a one-shot espresso drink NOT an energy drink. Overall, if you are looking for a good ADHD medication I would recommend either Focalin OR Vyvanse. Best of luck!"
"Since I&#039;ve had this inserted, I&#039;ve had bleeding/spotting for 13 months. When I first had it put in a year and a half ago, I had my period for 6 months straight. It is effective when it comes to avoiding pregnancy."
"I got this inserted on December 8th 2011, switched from Mononessa (the pill). On the 10th started a weird brown discharge until the 14th when it switched to a regular period which wasn&#039;t heavy at all. That period lasted until the 20th, and then I had the discharge for another 2 days. Ever since I haven&#039;t had cramping, mood changes, weight gain, acne..anything, and it&#039;s been a month from insertion. I could be jinxing it but so far its amazing. I even got my sex drive back.  

When I got this I was wondering if weight had anything to do with how well it worked for your body. I&#039;m 5&#039;6, and 105 pounds. Maybe the Implanon is more potent in my body since I&#039;m smaller."
"I&#039;ve been taking low dose adipex for about 2 weeks now. I am 5&#039;7&quot; and started around 165 lbs. I haven&#039;t been taking adipex regularly as I am a nurse and work rotating shifts and it suppresses my appetite so much that when I want to go out for nice meals/ enjoy weekends I also don&#039;t take it. I have not experienced any jitters or vision effects but I am much more focused and have much more sustained energy that I actually save them for night shifts. I eat like a toddler being constantly on the go and rarely have time for the gym. I do however spend 36-48 hours on my feet running around at work. So far without any effort I am down 7-8 lbs. I highly recommend this and I&#039;m sure results would be exaggerated diet &amp; exercise."
"I have smoked since I was 12, quit from the age of 15-16 and started smoking again. I am
currently 37. In the summer on a nice day sitting outside I could blow through 4 packs, winter 3 packs. I literally could suck down an entire cig in 3 minutes. I know two packs a day is considered a heavy smoker, 4 is death. I couldn&#039;t stop. 

Today is day 11 of Chantix and I am down to 1 cig a day. The medicine literally doesn&#039;t allow you to find any enjoyment in smoking. It tastes different, feels different and you do not get the blood stream satisfaction like you once did. People, if this medication can make me not enjoy a cig trust me when I say it&#039;s a miricle drug. I intend on writing the makers a
thank you e-mail."
"No more grand mal seizures."
"I did not have any negative side effects from Fetzima, and it is the first things that has worked for me. Do not drink alcohol when taking this at all; I did and it made me feel extremely depressed. I actually feel like a person now, and I have so much more energy."
"I took this for about 2 1/2 years in my early 30&#039;s and it work amazing! If I even missed a single dose I was up with horrible acid problems during the night.
I do highly recommend it but also consider Fundoplication Surgery for Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease. I had this done about 10 years ago and since then my GERD is completely gone and I have no need for the Prevacid at all anymore.
I eat and enjoy spicy foods never have an issue. Both Prevacid and the surgery changed my life!"
"I was diagnosed with Pseudotumor Cerebri a little over 2 months ago, after many visits to doctors, nurses and hospitals. Then an amazing neurologist who finally gave me an answer as to what was causing all my problems. I have since had 2 spinal taps and have another still to come she is looking at doing bi-weekly. but since starting this medication. I have regained most of my vision, I had lost most of. I do miss my coffee but tea still is ok. I have an allergy to the pills so I take medication to stop the hives and itching and sometimes the pins and needles in my legs bring me to tears. My face tingling makes me giggle the twitching in my face does drive me crazy, but really its all better then going blind or getting the shunt."
"Saved my life when I had a bacterial pneumonia."
"First 10 days were brutal. STICK THEM OUT! Lots of people seem to have an initial period of getting used to this drug. My first 10 days I was unable to eat, nausea, anxiety increased to a point I was barely able to leave the house, crying for no reason. Just stick it out. Day 10 through about 6 weeks I noticed not much improvement. At about 6 weeks I noticed improvement in my anxiety, able to function much better. My anxiety disorder has only improved more and more since I&#039;ve been on this drug (also seeing a therapist for anxiety). Just know there may be an initial period of terrible side effects. I&#039;ve gained like 2 lbs, but it&#039;s due to being happier &amp; having a new boyfriend because I am finally able to function as a normal person."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin Fe for 2 years now and it worked great for about a year. Before the pill, I had horrible periods. Heavy bleeding for 5 days, cramps that shot down into my feet, nausea to the point of vomiting, etc. The first few months on the pill were bad, but I waited it out like my doc said to. Then I adjusted. I had lighter periods and my cramps were not so bad for the first year or so. But, the past few months my periods have been awful. I get cystic acne around my period that lasts forever, which I have never had before. Recently, I&#039;ve started having two periods a month that last 5 days. I&#039;m not bleeding heavy but the cramps are awful. Basically, it worked great for a year and now it sucks."
"The cost of this medication is $721.25 per month this is absolutely crazy.  The prescription card that was supplied was supposed to assist with the cost for 12 weeks at $25.00 I was definitely bamboozled.  Will not be purchasing this overly priced medication."
"It&#039;s a terrible drug. It has done so much damage to my body, physically, mentally, emotionally, it&#039;s disturbing. If anyone reads this, and is deciding whether or not to go onto Methadone, don&#039;t do it. You&#039;re better off doing heroin, Oxycontin, morphine, seriously! I am at 60mg now but was at 30mg 2 months ago and felt worse than I did going through heroin withdrawal. I&#039;m well addicted to the methadone, but I&#039;m trying so hard to get off it, but having mental health problems makes 1000000x worse. Do not get on methadone, suboxone or any opioid replacement drug they destroy you more than anything else does."
"This drug is great, however the first two weeks I had trouble staying awake in the morning and at night. I also had trouble waking up in the morning the first week. Once that was over though, I felt like my old self."
"Had the implanon for almost 3 years now. First 2 months I was super hormonal, but after that I haven&#039;t had a period for 3 years (good since I have endometriosis). Doesn&#039;t hurt, and really easy form of birth control. I plan to get another inserted when this is removed."
"My experience with accutane was for the most part very positive. I suffered from breakouts on my forehead that wouldn&rsquo;t go away no matter what I tried. I had taken various kinds of birth control over the years to help with my break outs but by the age of 20 it wasn&rsquo;t helping with my acne at all anymore. The first week or so of taking accutane I got what looked to be a rash on my whole face that was hot to the touch and sore. I felt like I had alligator skin! The rash went away though within a week or two and then the dry skin started but it was nothing I couldn&rsquo;t keep on top of. I used a vitamin e cream to keep it hydrated. I only did one round of medication and it seemed to do the trick. The dry skin is so worth it!!! My skin is beautiful!"
"I have been taking one 10 mg spansule and one 5 mg tablet in the morning and same dose at lunchtime for over ten years (since I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy). It has been a life saver for me.  Keeps me alert while driving. I was told by several Doctors over the years to STOP taking it because I would need more and more of it as time went on. My dose has always been the same and I sometimes don&#039;t take all of that. My neurologist has recently started me on Nuvigil and since that may work by itself I have decided to taper myself off the Dexedrine to see if the Nuvigil may be all I need. So far no problems. I agree with comment that Dexedrine has an un-deserved bad rep. "
"At my doctor&#039;s visit on May,21 2017 I was told I have a high blood pressue and high cholestrol and weight 171 lbs. I&#039;m only 29yrs old and 5&#039;3&quot;. I then told my doctor that I want to lose weight. She prescribed me phentermine 30mg, which I take Monday to Friday. After 2 weeks, I&#039;m down to 161lb, lost 10 lbs. I&#039;m excited to see my next result.I feel active and full of energy .My mouth gets dry most of the time so I always carry my water bottle with me. The bad thing about it that I noticed is I&#039;m always mad all the time even with just little things.But...this thing works and I love the changes with my weight loss."
"I started Adipex two days ago. I&#039;m 21 years old 5&#039; tall and weigh 158lbs. According to my BMI and my doctors visit I am at the breaking point of obesity. I have had many struggles in the past with getting back to my goal weight of 105-110 and decided to give Adipex a shot. Obesity runs in my family and I hope to stop the cycle. I haven&#039;t had any side effects so far except for occasional dry mouth so I just drink water which is good anyway. I have had a great experience so far with increased energy and a suppressed appetite. I want to keep up with at least exercising for 30min a day and eating better and hopefully I will see results at the end of month one. I want to be at my goal weight which is a loss of about 50lbs in around 8 months. Wish me luck!"
"I just got my second nexplanon placed 2 days ago. This birth control is definitely different for everyone. I have heard that some girls hate it or they love it. In my case I loved it. When I first got it placed I had little spotting here and there, I stopped getting a regular period. I did not gain weight, no acne issues nor mood swings. Also very effective with preventing pregnancy."
"I cannot believe the relief I have had by taking this drug ! My last 9 months have been hell, almost constant migraine pain or pressure most days . Amitrptyline has made me my old self again."
"I took Claritin on two occasions to alleviate stuffy head colds and runny nose.  I took 2 pills, one each on successive days about a month apart, and a day after taking them experienced both times a bloody nose.  I am an older adult and haven&#039;t had a bloody nose since I was a child."
"I had been suffering with sciatica for a number of years, when it suddenly worsened.  I started getting shooting pains and severe weakness in both of my legs.  After one dose of 500mg I was able to sit comfortably and walk without the worry of one of my legs giving out from under me"
"Works well for my nerve pain."
"I&#039;ve been taking urso for 6 years. My blood levels are now in check. Original biopsy showed stage 4-5 liver damage. Found when I had gall bladder removal surgery."
"I&#039;ve been using for about 2 weeks now, I have warts right by vaginally entry and surrounding lips. First week I didn&#039;t really feel much difference but now I am in SO much pain from the burning! Going to the toilet and sitting down without screaming in pain are my biggest challenges...rightly or wrongly I&#039;ve read other&#039; stories, as well as a dermatologist article who all infer burning means it&#039;s working (for those that don&#039;t know it is a chemical burn cream, that&#039;s how it gets rid of the warts). I haven&#039;t stopped using it as the warts are going, but if anyone can offer ways to relive the pain and confirm I&#039;m still going to have a fully functioning vagina at the end of this (laugh, you have to with these things!) I&#039;d be super grateful!..."
"I started taking Prozac 9 weeks ago after Mirtazapine stopped working. I was suffering with bad OCD, anxiety and panic attacks on a daily basis. 
When I first started on the medication, I thought it would be a miracle drug, however the side effects were horrendous. For 7 solid weeks I was a mess, I was depressed (I dont even suffer with depression) I was crying at my desk all the time, I had horrible thoughts, crippling anxiety, would not leave my house or talk to anyone the only thing that would get me through the day was Diazapam.
I am on 40mg and after 7 weeks it was like a light turned on and I have been &#039;normal&#039; for 2 weeks straight, I am so happy I stuck with it. I know it&#039;s hard but trust me it&#039;s worth it."
"My 2nd breast cancer 8/16, 1st 2005 DCI stage 1 Rt. breast. 2nd in left breast. It is primary, not metastatic but due to the large size tumor, Surgeon wants to shrink tumor to try a lumpectomy. 

On Femara 2 months and feeling very blessed. Sonogram follow up shows tumor shrinking and this allows me the holidays with family before surgery.

I have the typical side effects; joint pain, daily hot flashes, nightly sweats, (fans everywhere, portable in my purse) some hair thinning so I keep in double braids to save vacuum &amp; shower drains.  I can&#039;t walk far at one clip due to fatigue so use a walker with seat to allow daily exercise. Changed diet &amp; losing weight. Grateful for medication &amp; will keep taking as long as tumor is shrinking."
"Day two and no side effects. Glad to skip the headaches. My appetite has almost gone away and eating is not as enjoyable. Hopefully this keeps up. "
"It worked for me, I had 5-6 days to go to the toilet, due to stress, depression and bad nutrition. I took 2 pills at 12:00 noon, and the effects started after 5-6 hours, it was ok, and went 4 times to the toilet, normally. No pains, just the normal frustration and a headache. No dizziness, no diarrhea. During these 5 hours, I also drank much water to help the situation. In the past 6 days I almost didn&#039;t have meals for the 3 days, (I was sad for being fired). I guess this is psychological. I read many panic comments by other people, saying about strong pain, cold sweats, diarrhea, dizziness, and feeling near to pass out. I had these effects with Laxatol laxative toffees when I was young, so I knew about them all."
"Imitrex helped with my migraines but made me nauseous."
"I almost stopped taking this because the first couple of weeks were pretty bad. I was really down, anxious, short, and hungry.  I decided to try taking it at night instead of the morning because that&#039;s what my sister&#039;s doctor told her to do. What a difference. I just started my 2nd month and feel normal again. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s because I take it at night or because my body is used to it. Either way it&#039;s good so far. I did gain 5 pounds but it&#039;s definitely because like I said, I was really hungry."
"I&#039;ve been on alesse for 2 months now, going on my third month. This pill is not so bad, no weight gain/ acne/ or mood swings. But I&#039;m experiencing chronic fatigue on this pill, when I am on my period week I feel soo much better. Everything else is really great, but I&#039;m not sure how much longer I will stay on this. I can&#039;t live my life with exhaustion it makes me lose desire for things I normally love, coffee fixes it a little but it is still there, I would rather have the old me back, or maybe switching my birth control? But it&#039;s a good birth control other than that ( you will find nothing perfect out there)"
"Been taking this for 4 months.  Having joint pain and abdominal issues.  Going to take a break to see how if it gets better.  Used to take Lipitor without issues."
"I am an RN in the over 65 population, and used Prevident 5000 Plus for 3 months.  I had to discontinue it due to sensitivity, noted to be a higher risk in my age group.  The sensitivity wasn&#039;t immediate, but gradual, with increasing tongue and throat soreness and GI upset over time, until it reached a level that could not be ignored.  In the 36 hours since discontinuing it, the discomfort has reduced considerably, so it seems to be the culprit.  Unfortunately, I wasn&#039;t able to tolerate this long enough to judge its effectiveness for prevention."
"I have been taking this medication for years for chronic pain. It has helped me get my life back. I manage it well.  I do not have addictive tendencies so I have not had problems. I am aware that I would have to step down slowly if I stopped taking this medication. Oxycontin has helped me deal with pain so I can take care of my family and hold down a job while dealing with painful osteoarthritis in my back, neck and hips."
"I have been using Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 2 and a half years. Have experienced racing heart, panic attacks constant mood swings. I get upset and cry over something little, gained about 4 pounds, boobs did get bigger though and I haven&#039;t become pregnant, so that&#039;s a plus."
"I have tried everything the only one that really helped me after I lost hope
The doctors don&#039;t give it to you because its an old medication, the patent is over and the big pharmaceutical companys don&#039;t make any money.
But believe me it is the best give it 2 month chance."
"I was recently diagnosed with endometriosis and my gynaecologist initially recommended the Mirena to help manage it. The inserting process was impossible and so dismissed. Next up was the patch... Worst decision of my life. Nausea, vomiting, extreme fatigue.. That lasted me 3 days. Next up was the Nuva Ring. I&#039;m going into my third week and so far it&#039;s doing better than anything else I&#039;ve tried. My side effects are awful headaches and cramps here and there. Other than that I feel perfectly fine. If the headache gets bad I simply use a pain killer and voila! I&#039;ll definitely recommend to anyone that can&#039;t use a high dose contraceptive like me. I think the low dose in the ring could make a huge difference. Can&#039;t knock it till you try it!"
"I&#039;ve been titrating up on Buspar after going off of Xanax last year and then starting up with 5mg fluoxetine and 10mg doxepin. So far, this is working far more gently than the xanax. I don&#039;t have a zap of relief following by impending panic attacks within hours. I am much more level. I am having side effects of nausea, dizziness, and light-headedness for a few days after each increase in dosage. I&#039;m up to 20mg 3x a day and I&#039;m supposed to sit tight here so I&#039;m hoping to be done with the side effects soon and get into a stable state. I had a ton of problems with withdrawal from the benzos so I don&#039;t want to go back to them; buspirone has been a great alternative so far. My anxiety is so bad that I&#039;d rather be dizzy and nauseated than anxious"
"Hasn&#039;t caused many problems for me. May have made me get more pimples than usual but nothing horrible, no bad breakouts, etc. My sex drive is still healthy. My weight is easier to maintain and there has been no hunger increase. Also my periods are a lot shorter, going from about 3 days of moderate-heavy flow and 3 days of spotting-&quot;pantyliner&quot; flow to about 1 day of heavy flow to 1 day of &quot;pantyliner&quot; flow and can always be predicted within 2 days after I stop taking the hormone pills. I really don&#039;t have much to complain about this pill."
"Taking for GERD after throat surgery. Has quelled my heartburn more effectively than any OTC I&#039;ve taken in years. Most noticeable side effects are constant, constant gas (!!!) and lots of stomach growling if I hold it in. Feel like I&#039;m having more frequent and more urgent BM&#039;s as well. Also, an expensive med! That being said, it works well."
"Honestly, I haven&#039;t had any trouble with Lyza. I did get some slight nausea the first two week of taking it, and my boobs where sore for the first two months but they also grew to a nice handful - I had rather small boobs before, so it was a nice perk. Since then I haven&#039;t had any trouble in the last four months of taking it. I&#039;ve tried to take other pills before, but I have chronic GI problems and the estrogen always made me super sick. I can&#039;t afford to not be able to tell if I&#039;m vomiting due to my GI problems or my pill, seeing as one could be harmless while the other could potentially - in an extreme - kill me.  So my doctor recommended I get on a progesterone only pill. 
Over all, my experience with Lyza has been good despite a bad rap"
"OMG took 2 pills at 6pm woke up at 2:30am and thought I was dying from the cramps. I spent about an hour rocking back and forth on the toilet and nothing happened for about 45 minutes. But the cramping, faint feeling and nausea were so unbearable I was crying for my mom. I have never had cramping so bad... definitely NOT gentle or subtle, it got the job done but I will never take it again."
"I was in a car accident in April and have been dealing with moderate back pain since then. Today, I&#039;m being medi-evacuated from my ship (in the navy) back to the States for an unrelated issue, and I asked about something for the pain while I&#039;m on the plane. This is amazing. I feel nothing and I haven&#039;t been able to get rid of the pain until now. "
"I was diagnosed with UC and had my first flare up in March and suffered greatly. Lialda, Budesonide, and Rowasa made everything worse for me and caused inflammation in my pancreas. I was hospitalized and put solely on prednisone and saw immediate relief of all symptoms. This steroid gave me my life back, albeit with unfortunate side-effects (acne, mood swings, depression). I started with just 30 mg and have tapered down to 5 mg and hope to be free of it in a week or two. I am thankful for prednisone and wish I would have been on it from the onset."
"Am now on Skelaxin 800mg. Flexeril wasn&#039;t as good as Skelaxin for me."
"Ok,
so.. first month I had no issues. I gained a couple pounds, but nothing noticeable. I got a light period the first month, so no problems there. 

The main reason I wanted to post here is because I have a slight condition called TMJ. It has to do with clicking in your jaw. Anyways.. the past few days I started having pain in my jaw when I open my mouth and its terrible. I actually found an article someone else wrote saying they had the same experience when they first started a birth control. Apparently estrogen can change the way females &quot;perceive pain&quot; as the article says. Anyways I am going to stop this pill in hopes that the pain will go away. If anyone else has experienced this it would be good to note it so others are aware."
"I had side effects from other anticonvulsants including Tegretol and Depakote. I have had absolutely no side effects from Lamictal and it has controlled my seizures for several years now."
"Keeps skin moist and keeps from cracking, but does nothing to reduce other symptoms."
"I am 35 and my blood pressure was 178/148 (for unknown reason I am not overweight or have heart problems). Doctor gave me lisinopril 20 twice a day. I have been taking it for 2 months. My blood is now 140/100. Little less than at the beginning but I think I will need some other dosage or different drug. So far no side effects."
"I lost 3 years of my life on this medication. My blood pressure was controlled but I had chest pain, I could not think properly, I could not sleep, I had severe fatigue, I could not function. My wife thought I was just lazy. Lucky I found someone else on the internet with similar symptoms and persuaded the doctor to change medications. After going on Karvea I got my life back. I hope this can help someone else who is suffering on Micardis."
"I had the same bad experience with reglan. Tried it two times. Second time was by mistake because the specialist prescribed it and I didn&#039;t remember the drugs name. I have been suffering from bad acid reflux and gastritis so my physician prescribed it the first time. I took it and it was horrible! I wanted to literally jump out of the roof. Nothing was making me stay still. Is hard to explain feeling but is basically not able to sit still and even if you try to move, you still feel the horrible feeling. Nothing stops it. I didn&#039;t know about antidote so I have to endure it TWICE all by my own. My Doctor already placed this drug on my hospital&#039;s profile as if I was allergic for just in case. Is a &quot;rare&quot; side effect and we got unlucky :("
"Pulled muscles in lower back from lifting on delivery route. Needed meds I could take during the day while driving. One 50mg in the am with 2 Advil liquidgels &amp; I&#039;m pain free all day. Best side effect has been the clarity to mental processes. Like a cloud has been lifted &amp; my concentration dramatically increased. Focus like I&#039;ve never experienced before &amp; general attitude improvement. Worse side effect is the occasional constipation but that&#039;s what prunes are for. This is my &quot;Limitless&quot; pill from the movie"
"I took Myrbetriq for 4 months for treatment of severe overactive bladder.  It helped me only slightly and the side effects for me would have caused me to stop taking it even if it had been 100% helpful.  It immediately spiked my blood pressure to an average of 180/110 and my blood pressure returned to normal as soon as I stopped taking it.  It also caused me bladder pain which I can best describe as feeling like my bladder was filled with shards of broken glass whenever my bladder got full.  I also had difficulty emptying my bladder.  I wanted this to work but unfortunately it did not for me."
"I&#039;ve experienced 12  years of chronic sleep and anxiety disorders. Zolpidem ( &quot;Ambien&quot;) will not &quot;knock you out&quot; or reduce anxiety levels, instead it creates hypnotic effects that have caused me further issues with uncharacteristic night terrors and black outs. As per the warning label, do NOT try to drive / operate heavy machinery while using this medication."
"Unfortunately, I had a very bad reaction to Zomig, including shortness of breath and severe dizziness. This might not be the case for everyone."
"My 15 year old daughter was diagnosed in January 08 with Uveitis.  We did drops for 5 months with not result.  Starting in May of 2008 we began an infusion treatment of Remicade and today, her flare is controlled.  Life has returned to &quot;almost&quot; normal.  

We started at every 4 weeks and have progressed to every 6 weeks. We hope to make it to 8 and still control the flare.

I am calling it a miracle drug.  The issue is health care.  We have insurance due to the grace of God.  Each treatment comes at a price tag of $12K."
"This medicine worked really well for me this is the first time I used it and it did its job within first use"
"I have had Meniere&#039;s Disease for about 5 years. I&#039;m a mailman and almost lost my job because of frequent attacks. I found out that popping 2-3 5mg of diazepam (Valium) brought me right out of the vertigo attacks and I could resume driving. I later discovered by taking 20mg of Furosemide and 5mg of Valium in the morning would keep me from having any attacks for over 3 years. I feel like I&#039;m blessed. The only problem is the diuretics can cause kidney problems that&#039;s why I had to cut my dosage in half. I hope this helps somebody."
"I have not noticed an effect on my emotions I experience them like normal but they&#039;re less intense and not as long lasting. My appetite  is not as much as before. The biggest difference  for me is that when I wake up I&#039;m not exhausted. I am finally waking up with energy! I am so thankful for that.  My dreams are incredible now and very vivid. I still wake up in the middle of the night sometimes from a noise, but even if that happens I still feel well rested in the morning.  My sex drive has increased a lot but  it had been a year of feeling complete apathy  towards sex so maybe I&#039;m just back to normal but not used to it. I feel good and this actually  has  decreased  my anxiety! Wish I  would have found this years ago."
"Chronic pain associated with ulcerative colitls and multiple bowel surgeries. Had large intestine removed, now have permanent ileostomy. I have a ridiculously high pain tolerance, and after trying out the fentanyl transdermal patch (50 mcg every 48 hrs) and taking 10-12 Percocet 10/325 a day, my pain management doctor prescribed Kadian 30 mg every 12 hrs and Percocet for my breakthrough pain. Kadian has been amazing and is helping me get back to my day-to-day life."
"I had a colonoscopy and an EGD today. The doctor used propofol for the anesthesia. I thought it was great. Went to sleep very quickly. After the procedure I woke up quickly and felt fine. I was a little unsteady at first but that didn&#039;t last long. I was out of there quicker than in the last under a different anesthesia. Afterwards went to Red Lobster and had a great meal."
"Like any pain pill, it will vary GREATLY on side effects and effectiveness with each patient. For me, I have been on 10/325 for 2 years for chronic pain from an injury. Before that I had been prescribed Hydrocodone and the side effects from that for ME were alot like what I&#039;ve seen people here say about hydrocodone. I got a tolerance very quickly and would have to take more, I was very agitated, extremely exhausted, and even with all of that I would still be unable to be productive due to pain. I&#039;ve tried some other things before this also, but nothing was helping. I STILL have pain, and yes, some days nothing seems to ease it, on those REALLY BAD days, but I am really happy with this medicine still being effective 2 yrs later."
"I stopped getting a period completely for nearly two years. Now I suddenly got a period."
"Okay, I know A LOT of young girls are probably very worried and are looking for answers. Hopefully my experience using Plan B will ease your minds. I took Plan B 13 hours after having unprotected sex. Abdominal pain, loss of appetite, depression, hyperventilating, anxiety, my nipples were hurting, I got a yeast infection, constipation, a withdrawal period caused by Plan B about a week after taking it and yesterday I got my period! Two and a half weeks after the one caused by the pills!"
"I have been taking cimzia for my AS. I started 3 months ago and I haven&#039;t had a flare up."
"Man oh man. Let me tell ya&#039;ll about this implanon birth control. I got this implant in my arm one month after I had my twin girls. I just got it taken out yesterday, I had this piece of shit a little over a year. Putting it in isn&#039;t bad. But I bled for that whole year and one month! Extremely heavy. At one point I thought I had to go to the ER. Not only that hair loss is one of the side effects that they don&#039;t tell you about in the doctors office. My hair has gotten so damn thin it&#039;s a shame. PLUS don&#039;t forget about the acne that never goes away, no matter how many times you wash your face lol. I&#039;ve read that woman gained weight on this, but for me it was the complete opposite, I lost a lot of weight.. Plus constant mood swings!"
"I got the IUD 3 weeks ago and I should&#039;ve known it would be a disaster from the start! After it was inserted I fainted in my doctors office on my way out. This lead to me going to the ER the next day for the concussion I now had. I was super anxious all the time, had sleepless nights, bleed the whole time, and had no appetite. All my symptoms were in line anxiety and depression disorders (which I don&#039;t have). Needless to say, it was removed last week and I feel like myself again. My suggestion, if you have a job where you have to be friendly (I&#039;m a teacher) or you are a new mother and need to be sane for your new child, don&#039;t try this. I&#039;ve heard the emotional roller coaster wares off, however I didn&#039;t have time to wait!"
"I am allergic to morphine and that is how I ended up taking Demerol.I was born with Sickle Cell Anemia Disease.This causes me to experience extremely painful episodes in my joints which are crippling at times and can last for one to two months.Enough about me can someone just please tell us why they would discontinue the most helpful and healing medication ever invented."
"I took this pill for the first time about 48 hrs after an accident.  The lady at the counter told me thats how she had 2 of her kids.  Well, she was right because I ended up pregnant.  Fast fwd 3 yrs, within a two month time span the condom came off twice. Took the pill within hrs and got my period. Next time took it also within hours and got my period a week and a half early and it was very heavy and lasted almost 2 weeks. So my experience is if you take it right away you are probably fine. If not, your luck goes down with each passing hour. Oh also the last time I took the generic form. That was the fist time I had such heavy bleeding from it. Next time I may stick w brand name. If needed"
"I had my ankle swell up from gout and couldn&#039;t sleep a wink or walk the next morning because of severe pain.  Took the pills as directed and 24 hours later was out using the snow blower for 3 hours with no pain.  I was just diagnosed with gout, which is a bummer, but now that I know, I can take this medicine and cut gout attacks that sometimes lasted weeks where I would have to use crutches down to hours."
"I was prescribed leflunomide for Psoriatic Arthritis, 20mg each day, in May 2012. For the actual treatment of my arthritis, I can honestly say it was a &quot;wonder drug&quot; I noticed a huge improvement all most immediately &amp; this drug agreed with me so much more than Methotrexate &amp; Sulfasalazine, both of which I had also been taking.
The biggest negative for me was the HUGE hair loss I suffered. I had experienced some hair loss on Methotrexate, but, this was on a different level, so much so that I stopped taking Leflunomide in November 2012. 
Being a female in her early 40&#039;s, this was a decision I felt I had to take as the hair loss was so distressing."
"I have been taking 200mg of Plaquenil daily for 2yrs now.  I still have many days a wk when my entire body hurts. My eye doctor cautioned me not to go to a higher dose for the protection of my eyes. Recently, my daughter noticed a film over half of one eye, which I could not see and my vision is generally not as clear. May not be the right medicine for me."
"Got inserted Oct 2015 fast forwarding to now. At first it was great due to new mommy of two and won&#039;t have to remember to take a pill. Lost a lot of weight while breastfeeding 30 lb including baby weight, but once I stopped breastfeeding the weight came back and definitely had mood swings, irritable &amp; emotional which I never experienced after my first child. I became active and ate somewhat healthy but I&#039;m still struggle to get to lose the weight. May2017- I&#039;m now looking for alternative birth control because the side effects are too much at this point"
"I had severe headaches every day (Imitrex didn&#039;t touch them).  After starting this I became migraine free. It honestly felt like a miracle drug to me. I had to go off it to get pregnant and the migraines came right back.  I am counting the days until I can go on it again for the relief from the headaches."
"Where to start with this drug ? I refer to it as &quot;The Devil&#039;s drug&quot;  it was horrible could not function, swelling of my hands and legs and feet. My cognitive thinking was non existent , voice slurred sounded drunk .Could not function at all and could not get off this stuff fast enough. Just listen to the commercial on TV and all the side effects they throw in at the end.
I would never take this again."
"I really like this patch. It took about 4 months for my period to be normal, because I would have spotting in between. Now I just have my regular period on the patch-free week.

I noticed less cystic breakouts. No weight gain/loss, or drop in sex drive. I definitely cry a lot more about random things. There is a sticky dark residue after you peel it off due to lint and stuff. Just peel it off before you shower and scrub the residue off. 

I prefer to place the patch on the left or right of my stomach, just cause I feel it&#039;s more secure and less likely to peek out.

I never tried Orthro Evra, because it is no longer offered, so I can&#039;t compare. Overall, this patch really works for me, and I recommend you give it a try for at least 6 months."
"I was on this birth control pill for four years. It shortened my period from 18 days to 7, stopped my cramps completely. I did not gain any weight, or have any other symptoms. When I stopped taking it within one month I gained 20 pounds, got acne, and my cramps are worse than before. My period was back up to 10 days after one month."
"This antibiotic worked really fast with no side effects for me."
"I was able to take Valtrex within 14 hours of the onset of the rash and I feel that it helped suppress what could have been a disaster.  It has been three days on Valtrex and I am beginning to feel myself.  The rash suppressed it&#039;s growth and is beginning the second and third cycle of healing."
"I can almost guarantee that most of these negative reviews are due to either 
1. Taking the medication incorrectly (generic works for some not all), too close to food or iron,calcium, some antidepressants interfere)

2. Taking the incorrect dose 

3. Not being consistent(must be close to the same time daily )

I had gone through many changes before finally getting it right. Seems to be working good after getting on brand name and taking it seriously."
"So I&#039;m on my week three of starting this and I have ups and downs about this mostly ups I have had anxiety for about for five years now never have taken anything for it because I&#039;ve always been afraid of medication but this pill actually helps. The only downfall is I&#039;m on week three right now and I have a little dizziness and the heart palpitations. I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s normal or not I&#039;m going to talk to my doctor about it soon I know. Talking to people is the easiest thing specially with anxiety."
"I have been on this medicine for almost a year. It really does bring your diabetes under control. My A1C has remained a 6 since being on this medication. The down side is I have issues with being too low. While taking this medicine I experience low numbers at night. So I have wake up through the night to drink something to maintain good glucose numbers. I have also experienced other side effects such as yeast infections, low numbers, weakness,dizziness and joint pain.  This is a great medicine for keeping your numbers under control but this medicine seems to be too powerful for me. I have found my self cutting back to a couple times a week taking this medication. Besides the side effects great medicine!!!"
"I would of got the Depo shot 9/12/15 day after giving birth to my son. First I got it I was okay didn&#039;t really notice any change. But the second and third time I noticed instead of me to gain weight I was losing weight from a size 10 to a size 6. I would get moody bad headache no appetite.. My last shot 
Was in June 17 been off it 9 months trying for a baby still nothing 2 days 
Ago I was bleeding but not sure If that 
Was my period. Haven&#039;t got my period since March 2015 was pregnant then the bleeding after birth then I got the shot?"
"The first day/night was when I was the most jittery.  The only side effects I got were jitters, slight headache, moodiness, and some dry skin.  They get better as the days go on.  My back pain has totally disappeared."
"I&#039;ve been on Luvox for 6 months now on 200 mg/day. I switched from Prozac because of libido problems, but it actually didn&#039;t make any difference. I completely lost interest in sex and got weight really fast.
My OCD is controlled, but I feel depressed, sleeping a lot during day and nothing during night haha it&#039;s horrible...
Also I compulsively scratch my head until it bleeds (tricotilomania?) and Prozac had helped me stop it. Now on Luvox, the problem is back.
I&#039;m switching back to Prozac or giving a try to Zoloft."
"I started Chantix one week ago and continued to smoke that week.  The last two days of that week I really felt my desire for a cigarette diminish.  In fact, they tasted really bad.  I quit yesterday, so I am two days no cigarettes.  Yeah me!  And I have to say that I truly have no desire to smoke.  It&#039;s amazing to me.  Yes, I really,  wanted to quit bad, so that may be a great motivator.  But the craving I usually had when I tried to quit the past 7 years isn&#039;t there AT ALL.  I know it&#039;s only two days, but I can&#039;t believe I&#039;ve gone that long and don&#039;t want one.  Also, I have had NO side effects at all. Not one.  But, I also have followed the directions to a tee.  Took the pill after I ate and drank an entire glass of water.  Thank you Chantix!!!"
"I got the nexplanon bar in February. The insertion of the devise didn&#039;t hurt at all. My arm was just kind of sore the next day like someone pinched my arm fat. The bad thing was I had my period for 3 months, sometimes super heavy and sometimes barely there. After that time I haven&#039;t had a period since and I&#039;m clearly not pregnant so I&#039;d say it works pretty damn good as long as you&#039;re patient."
"I have been suffering from Trigeminal Neuralgia for almost 8 years thinking that I was having tooth problems. Since my symptoms would come and go, I never did any further research and accepted my dentist&#039;s explanation that it was just sensitive teeth. This time, I couldn&#039;t accept that and decided to research further. Thank goodness I did and thank goodness for Tegretol! After being on it for only 2 days I am experiencing almost total relief! TN was the most painful experience of my life. The only down side to the medicine so far has been some light-headedness, which I am hoping will diminish or go away completely."
"I guess I have had major depression my whole life and I have taken a pill here and there, but I never stuck with it.  Recently with the passing of my Mother, I guess emotionally I hit rock bottom and decided I needed to look at doing something and sticking with it. Pristiq was the second medication my Doctor put me on, and I am at week three and I am amazed.  It came to late to salvage my current relationship, but my partner says, that I am a different person and asks if it is real.  It is real, I feel like I did when I used to be happy, when was that?  Years ago, I am thinking more clearly.  I am still grieving for the newly loss of my mother and my relationship at the same time, but my mind is &quot;Clear&quot; and I am singing in the shower."
"I tried it and took 2 pills with lots of water and ended staying up all night crying from severe abdominal pains then throwing up with the pain becoming worse finally 12 hours later while still in pain I had the most painful bowel movement...I&#039;m still on bed rest from the cramps and it hurts to stand upright... If you choose to take this please be careful its effective but at a painful cost"
"I have been taking Neurontin (Gabapentin) for over a year now, can&#039;t remember exactly how long, but it has helped me to function better although I still have a headache on a daily basis. That sounds contradictory, but when I don&#039;t take it my I can hardly function. I do have memory problems lately and I&#039;m usually tired, but it&#039;s better than not having it."
"I Love this pill.  I have been on many many different pills.. all which never controlled my period. I would get it every two weeks or 3 weeks and for 7 days at a time.  My doctor started me on over 2 years ago.  No side effects at all.  At first I was a little freaked out because I didn&#039;t getting my period every month. I talked to my doctor and she told me that it was fine as long as I spotted every 3 months and that is what ended up happening.  No cramps nothing it was wonderful. Also my boyfriend and I are very sexually active and this is the only form of birth control we use. Sadly my insurance changed and it was costing me 100 bucks a month to fill this so I just changed to a different pill."
"My 7 year old grandson has had great progress in school on Metadate 20 mg  combined with 2 mg Guanfacine.  He is focused and homework time and evenings are fine.  The only drawback is he&#039;s very grouchy and uncooperative when he wakes        up.  He has very little appetite until late evening and everyday at school his belly hurts."
"My COPD is remarkedably better. I can breath much better.  However, I also have 7 side effects."
"I have severe gerd and erosive esphogus. This is the best medicine I&#039;ve had. But there&#039;s no generic and I can&#039;t afford the $170 a month. And that&#039;s with the company coupon. It&#039;s a shame such a great medicine is so expensive and insurance won&#039;t cover it."
"I originally got it prescribed for depression. My doctor very casually mentioned that it would also help me quit smoking. I didn&#039;t think much of it except, &quot;Yeah right... As long as it cures my depression.&quot; After 3 days of taking it, I didn&#039;t smoke a cigarette from 6:00 am to 3:00 pm (I usually smoked every 1 or 2 hours). By then, I realized that I hadn&#039;t smoked the whole time. I had completely forgotten that the medicine also reduced cigarette cravings. On the fourth day, I was only smoking 1/4 of what I usually did, and after I week I quit altogether."
"I&#039;ve only been on it for a few days, so it&#039;s hard to tell.  I have GAD and my symptoms are flu-like in nature.   I saw my anxiety go from the cliche butterflies in the stomach to having diarrhea and vomiting/nausea whenever I was in strange social situations. After 15 years of dealing with this I went in for help and was prescribed Buspar. At first, no side effects.  But last night I felt the &quot;electric&quot; pulses at work and was pretty dizzy for about a half hour.   I take 10mg 2x per day.   Hopefully these side effects will mellow out.   I&#039;m wondering if caffeine might have a counter effect?   Had coffee shortly before taking the pill. "
"I am 23 now, and I have been on Xulane for almost 2 years now. I have had no noticeable change in moods, sex drive is normal (there seems to be a spike towards the end of the third week, but no complaints there), 
and I&#039;ve had basically no issues with it. The ONLY way I got side effects was if I strayed from the schedule either by accident or I lost a patch and had to go without. 

Ortho Evra - the other &#039;brand&#039; on the other hand.. did NOT agree with me. I had horrible nausea starting up every week I put the patch on, and slowly got accustomed to it after months of nausea. 

I would clarify with your doc which one they would give you. Also, since all bodies are different, maybe one won&#039;t work with you but the other will. Who knows."
"I used to smoke for more than (20 ) years. My daughter showed me a book that had pictures of a smokers lungs. See than asked, Daddy do you want your lungs to look like this?
This made me realize what is important to me. Immediately the following day, I went to the store asked for a garbage can, and I threw my last pack away.
Bought me a two week supply of NicodermCQ and that was the last time I have smoked a cigarette. Which was 6 years ago. Thank for the extra assistance with working towards a better way of life."
"Had 1st shot 11/10/11, PSA was at 182, tested 3 weeks later, PSA had dropped to 3.3.  Have prostate, metastatic bone and lymphatic cancer. This combined with radiation therapy, greatly improved my mobility (pelvis, hips fully involved, as well as on and inside spine). Side effects are hot flashes and night sweats, but other than that manageable for the relief I&#039;ve gotten."
"Started Saxenda nearly 3 weeks ago.NO change in hunger levels. I started at 123kg and am still there.I have no other symptoms ie cholestrol/hormones in range, blood pressure is always spot on.There are days where I&#039;m not hungry but I cannot put this down to the drug and then most days where the hunger is ridiculous.I rang my GP and told her this.She said to keep going. She asked if Saxenda have been in touch with me - answer no even though I have registered -there is supposed to be support network. Will keep going until reach the full dose but if nothing happens will ditch it but will call my GP to let her know what I am doing.Good luck to everyone finds this drug works for you."
"I dosed myself to sleep  through the night for four nights in a row worked perfectly but when I stopped taking it I  immediately  started having post nasal  drip (a lot of snot nonstop for two or three days). I also have hypertension"
"I had bad mood swings!!! I didn&#039;t want to have sex with my boyfriend! Bleeding the whole time I had it! And I only had it in for two weeks!! I had to have it taken out right away!!! Never again! And it felt weird in my arm"
"Fungus on my right pinky finger got really bad. I tried Nystatin and tea tree oil which did not work at all. I went to my doctor and he prescribed me Terbinafine (Lamasil) and I had to take the pills for 42 days which were really gross. I finished it off and my nail grew half way in, only for my infection to come back a week later. The medication worked but the infection came back within 7 days. Upset I have to deal with the painful mess all over again."
"My experience when I first started taking the pill, I wasn&#039;t sure it was right for me because it was effecting my mood completely. Everything I felt was amplified: for example if I was mad, I would be extremely pissed off and didn&#039;t want to deal with anyone. But after the initial two weeks passed I start feeling better no huge mood swings and I don&#039;t really feel any of the other side effects either which I&#039;m happy about."
"I have been taking Chantix for 3 weeks, not smoking, not drinking! The bad news, sleeping a LOT, not motivated to do much. The worst is I just got a rash, red bumps on most of my body. I will consult my doctor. I hope I can get over the rash, because it really helps with quitting."
"The only thing that has helped my pain."
"So far its a day 4 and i wish my doctor would&#039;ve told me about the side effects so that i could&#039;ve been more prepared. I hate medication and this got to be the worse medication I&#039;ve taken. Ive been feeling very loopy here and there, slightly nauseas. Hopefully it works."
"I was prescribed 5 mg for borderliine high bp I started taking a 1/4 at a time because I think the body should get used to a medication and I didn&#039;t want to have dizziness or any side effects. I wanted to see how I tolerated it.  Its been fine Im on full dose now I did have very little light headedness and tired. I don&#039;t have the any of those side effects anymore. I gave this a 10 because my bp is perfect now and I tolerate it well. Also not many ppl right good reviews just bad and thats what makes people nervous about meds. Good Luck. Love and Light and Good Health to all."
"I have been on this now for almost 2 months and I&#039;ve been on and off my period like crazy I was on it so far for 29 days and off for only 15 it&#039;s terrible I&#039;m going to get it changed because it&#039;s honestly awful ruining underwear just to prevent pregnancy only to be on my period over and over again"
"After having no luck with the prescription Virtussin, I went to doctor and got Rx for hydrocodone/homatropine.  I was nervous about all the nausea statements, so I had a small snack before I tried it.  It did not completely stop the cough, but it certainly reduced it enough to let me grab a couple of hours sleep.  The directions call for 1 teaspoon every 4 to 6 hours.  Fortunately, I did not experience any nausea.  When I did wake up in the middle of the night, I usually stayed up for about 30 minutes drinking ginger ale, having a snack, and trying to cough up some of the phlegm.  All in all, I am pretty happy with this drug.  It is also possible that the Virtussin that I originally tried was just old."
"I will give this medicine a higher rating perhaps when I finish the treatment. At this point (day 5 in the first round), I have muscle pain, lethargy and a dull headache. I feel like I have a mild virus. I have eruptions - red, itchy bumps - but that doesn&#039;t bother me as it means the medicines is working and that&#039;s exactly what I want. It will be worth it to be rid of precancerous cells on my forehead and hands. But there are some side effects and they seem to vary person to person. For me they are manageable."
"Didn&#039;t work. Put it on the moment I got a tingle. 2 days later I still broke out . Day 8 now and it&#039;s still here. 

Waste of money for what you get."
"I had insomnia because of my chronic fatigue syndrome and depression combined. So I had not slept properly for about a year couldn&#039;t get to sleep until 4am even when going to bed at 9 pm then when finally dosing I had vivid horrible dreams slept lightly and woke up between 3-10 times a night. This went on for a year so I was completely sleep deprived. When I was hospitalized for my depression they changed my melatonin to mirtazipine now I sleep like a baby and its great! Only side effects I had was increased appetite so I put on half a stone, but managed to lose it within two months as I had energy for the first time in a year to use the gym! Id recommend it to anyone it really works!!! iI&#039;ve been on 30mg for about 5 months now."
"DO NOT DRINK if you take this medication. The alcohol makes it not work. I had no idea and I like my wine. A Dr friend of mine told me that alcohol could be affecting the drug. Anytime I have ever tried to drink and take this it doesn&#039;t work. If I don&#039;t drink at all when I take it.. It works like magic. If you have had a problem with it not working make sure you&#039;re not drinking. Even one drink has made it not work as well for me. It literally is a lifesaver."
"I was put on amlodipine and had been taking it for about 2 months.  I was not happy when I found that this medication could possibly react with simvastatin - so I asked the doctor to switch it - he said let it go for a couple of months to see.  So I did.  Blood pressure still wasn&#039;t getting close to normal - and I was also getting horrible chest pains, horrible tinnitus - seems like I was holding water.  I finally got him to instead switch the amlodipine to Lisinopril/ hydrochlorothiazide 10/12.5 mg dose.  By the second day of taking this my blood pressure totally returned to normal 120/80 - right around there.  I was ecstatic!!! It&#039;s been about a week now on the new."
"Prozac saved me."
"I just started the medication 10mg for 14 days then 20mg for 
1 month then doctor wants to see me I have been diagnosed with anxiety, panic disorder, OCD, depression, and depersonalization. I have been on the celexa for five days an although the doc told me it would be 3-4 weeks for full effect I smiled today, I don&#039;t feel heavy with thought, I feel like I will come back to me I didn&#039;t mind wander or get too into my head today. That&#039;s a great feeling, I think I&#039;m going to be okay!"
"I had a nervous breakdown when I was 38, I literally felt as if I was going out of my mind. I had gotten pregnant when I was 21 and had terminated the pregnancy. I had a few years of depression with no meds . I left my Husband and two children and went and stayed with my Sister. She promptly took me to a Psychiatrist that put me on Effexor Xr 75 mg twice a day. He also gave me Xanax to help me with the breakdown. Effexor and my Dr.  saved my life. I have been on Effexor for 22 years. I sometimes feel the depression coming back and I now still have lots of Anxiety. but I take my Xanax and it helps. I have switched to Prozac, Brintellix, Lexapro . None of them work. I always go back to Effexor. I pray daily that God will heal me ."
"So glad I decided to try Zoloft after suffering with depression and anxiety after my husbands passing. I am calmer and feel somewhat happy. I&#039;m on 50mg 
There&#039;s no need to suffer everyday.  Life doesn&#039;t have to be so painful   Do yourself a favor and try it. It might just take some of that pain away. It&#039;s definitely worth a try"
"I had been on Lexapro for over a year and it was working great with the exception of having zero libido. With my relationship at stake I decided to try Pristiq. After about a week I realized that I was back to my old irritable, pre-medicated self. I have been crying at the drop of a hat, snapping on loved ones, and I have been nauseous almost everyday. Not to mention I went from 125 pounds to 137 pounds in a month. I talked to my doctor today and she suggested trying Viibryd."
"When I first became sexually active, I started a one month at a time pack, (I don&#039;t remember which one) but after a few months, I couldn&#039;t take the nausea anymore. I went to the doctor and was prescribed Jolessa. I&#039;ve now been on Jolessa for about a year now and I absolutely love it. I have no side effects, except for the first week after the &quot;sugar pills.&quot; I get nausea shortly during this time, but it&#039;s nothing compared to before. My period is easy and comes and goes on the same two days every three months! "
"I was prescribed phentermine/Adipex for weight loss after I discussed with my doctor my lack of energy being a full time single working mother and time and motivation were really my issues contributing to my weight. She said this would give me the motivation and &quot;want&quot; to exercise and is an appetite suppressant. Those two things are very true. I work a desk job and cannot exercise until evening so that is hard. Day 1 and 2 I was on the go all day and felt fantastic, full of energy, and very happy. Day 3 I had several negative side effects of high blood pressure, heart pounding, fatigue, insomnia. Day 4 I had the dose cut in half by my doctor. Today is Friday, day 5, and I have lost 9.5 pounds since Monday. Hoping to see more loss but slower!"
"This has been an AMAZING medicine for me.  I&#039;ve taken it alone (after pre-administration medicines; Pepcid &amp; Solumedrol (steroid)) for several series (of 4 infusions each) the last 3-4 years.  It has put me back into remission every time, so far, especially knocking the WBC down into normal range from as high as 214k.  No major side-effects, either.  I can&#039;t sleep the night after my infusion (not tired, and too &quot;hyped up&quot;); also I coughed a lot last time, but they slowed the drip down, and I was fine."
"For the first week on Lexapro, I felt weird; a little lightheaded, dizzy, had insomnia and some minor stomach issues but I stuck it out and I&#039;m so glad I did. I have been taking it for 5 weeks now. I take Lexapro around 10am now as this helps prevent insomnia at night. I feel more energetic, happier and more social. I don&#039;t feel out of control or strange or anything. No side effects now. I would highly recommend it anyone to try this."
"Of all the available antibiotics, this one has the fewest side effects for me, and unless I have a MRSA infection in my sinus, the one that works the best.  Allergic reactions can happen with any medicine, so make sure you know those signs.  Itchy skin (hyper itchy), welts, short of breath, blue fingernails, etc."
"I have had migraine headaches most of my life averaging 3-5 a week. Mostly at night. Waking up in the middle of the night. I have not had a single headache since I have started the clonazepam. It has been only two months but right now I would call it a miracle."
"I had to use this for a colonoscopy. I was given a choice of 4 flavor packets, I chose the cherry. It didn&#039;t taste bad at all. I&#039;ve spoken to people who said this started working within 30 minutes after beginning to take it. For me it took almost 2 hours. Since it took so long I was able to finish the entire container before I began having movements. Because of this I felt very bloated but that diminished once it started working. It&#039;s very thorough but there&#039;s no discomfort with it. It also didn&#039;t keep me up all night. It started working around 7 pm and stopped by bedtime so I was able to get a good nights sleep with no getting up during the night. However, from 7 to 10 I was going every 15-20 minutes. It was much better than I expected."
"21, no kids, had Paragard inserted yesterday. I read hundreds of reviews beforehand that led me to believe I&#039;d be writhing in pain the whole time. Yes, it hurt, but only for 20 seconds total out of a 5 minute ordeal. I think for me at least, a lot of what I was registering as pain was more shock at such a completely foreign sensation. I immediately had what felt like my usual, period cramps but a bit worse, but those went away after 5ish hrs. Now, less than 24 hrs after insertion, I feel FINE. Every so often I&#039;ll get a dull cramp but that&#039;s IT. Here&#039;s hoping it continues to be a positive experience (for the next TEN years!!!?!)"
"So I&#039;m doing this because when it all first happened to me I was so scared and probably like a lot of y&#039;all reading this now. LONGEST 6 days of my life. My period wasn&#039;t supposed to come until 4/28 so I was so happy and shocked when it came 4/12 (6 days after the pill) 
I took the pill before 2 hours of protected sex (contom ripped in half) 
Just stay calm and be positive, it&#039;s going to be okay!!"
"This is My first colonoscopy and I am a big baby when it comes to liquid medicine.   I hate the taste of liquid meds.  I won&#039;t buy a liquid med.  I was scared I would not be able to tolerate  it when I had to use it.  Yes it taste salty and sweet at the same time.   I just held my nose and drank with a straw.  I had it down in abut 10 mins and 8 sips with some pep talk to myself.  Put it in the fridge when you get it from the pharmacy.  And mix with ice cold water.   Suck on a lemon between sips.  That was what saved me.   It started to work about a half hour after my first sip.   The worse part is you just go,  not warning it just comes out fast.   I&#039;ve had no cramps or chills.   Hopefully the second round is as easy."
"Have had rheumatoid arthritis for 5 years. Taking methotrexate for the whole time. It quit working as well. Just went on Enbrel 12 weeks ago, now have right arm swelling, pitting edema, trying to figure out what it is. I am 47 and shouldn&#039;t have any extremity swelling. Have never had any swelling of arms or legs. It is not DVT had ultrasound to rule that out. Common sense would say Enbrel triggered something. Hope it resolves and isn&#039;t anything serious."
"I received the IUD yesterday; this comment is to share the insertion process. I am 24 years old with no children. I was pretty scared for the insertion, so much so I had my boyfriend come because I was unsure of whether or not I&#039;d be able to drive home. I took 800mg of Tylenol beforehand and ate a big breakfast. The whole process took maybe 3 minutes. It was very painful but it was tolerable. First, they use a ruler to measure your uterus. Then they insert the device. I had intense cramping (contraction like cramps) for about 30 seconds. Focus on your breathing during this!! I started to shake and felt a bit lightheaded, but this subsided within a minute. My boyfriend was so surprised to see me walk out with a smile on my face!"
"Terrific supplement to increase blood flow.    I order 20mg pills and break them into 10mg halves.   I do have to pop a couple Ibuprofen, as Cialis does give me a headache.

The only other negative is to make sure your spouse or GF is in the mood before taking the pill.    The last thing you want is to be ready to go without a willing partner ;)"
"While this drug worked immediately to lessen my heavy blood flow, it upset my stomach in conjunction with other meds I had already been taking. The vomiting caused me to become more anemic and need three units of blood. I was switched to high-dose combined oral contraceptives, which aren&#039;t side-effect free, but I can stomach."
"I was so happy to re-discover Darvon.  I had taken it 30 years earlier for severe menstrual cramps when I was in high school and it worked great.

I re-discovered it because I have a terrible reaction to adhesives used with tooth-crowning.  Lortab and various other current drugs, did not work, but the oldie but goodie Darvon did.

I now use it for general pain associated with MS and it works like a charm.

BONUS - It&#039;s much cheaper than the newer, highly addictive pain killers."
"I&#039;ve been really pleased with the low blood sugar results but found that I was really tired.  I went to the doctor for an ear infection and found that I had low blood pressure.  I forgot that my high blood pressure was related to the diabetes.  Once the blood sugar levels lowered so did my high blood pressure.  Cutting back on one of my medicines gave me more energy.  I will keep an eye on my blood pressure but will definitely not give up the Victoza."
"My doctor prescribed lantus at an increase of two units every three days until my fasting sugars are at 120 or below.  After two months my readings still range between 250 and 315.  I started at 20 units and am now up to 50.  It probably is lowering my blood sugar to some degree, but not significantly.  I need something more effective. At this rate I&#039;ll be up to 80 units daily or more to reach my goal and will suffer side effects from such a high dose.  I feel hungry all the time since using this and I&#039;ve gained weight. "
"The first 6 months I had a lot of bone pain and jerking reactions. Both have subsided. I do occasionally have those reactions, but very seldom.  I was told just recently I am in remission, it took 2 1/2 years.  The biggest down side is the cost.  I did not get upset learning about my leukemia, but cried when I found out about the cost.  I get help with my insurance and I am so thankful for PSI giving me some help with it as well.  "
"I am taking Robaxin 750 3 times a day post surgery. I had a 360 Lower Spinal Fusion done. Since taking this medicine I have had severe memory loss and confusion. I also keep dropping just about everything I have in my hands. It has done a great job of decreasing my horrible muscle spasms, but I don&#039;t believe I can take it any longer. It makes me loopy and unable to function! I&#039;m going to speak to my doctor today about either changing its dose amount or to a different muscle relaxer."
"I have had nausea for years and nothing worked so my doctor gave me Reglan.  At first it worked and I was so happy then the side effects blasted in!  I have never been sicker in my life.  I was unable to get out of bed.  I lost my mind for a long time.  I even named the sides of my bed.  Right side was chocolate and left was vanilla!.  I could not get comfortable.  I lost around 100 lbs because I couldn&#039;t eat.  My kids thought I had gone crazy.  THEN the worst side effect, Tardis Dykinesia set in.  It is an untreatable disease that caused crazy facial ticks and body movements.  This disease NEVER goes away.  I have been bed bound for 8 years because of this drug!  DON&#039;T TAKE IT!!! It has a black label that warns of the horrible side effect"
"I had the nexplanon inserted the first week of April. I didn&#039;t have a period for two months, then end of June I started and had a light, constant period through August. Then it stopped for a short amount of time, then Started September 20th through October 15th. I started noticing hair loss probably mid June/July. Clumps of my hair were coming out. I also experienced extreme mood swings. The littlest thing would irritate me. I just had the implant removed today, and I recommend that nobody gets it. I am trying the nuvaring out this time, I hope I have better luck. I was on the pill for years but I forget to take it sometimes due to my busy schedule."
"I am a 57 year old female and about 30 pounds over weight. At first it was great.  Side effects were being tired and in a fog.  That got better over 5 or 6 days.  I had to use extream caution driving because I had trouble concentrating.  I lost 5 pounds in 10 days. On day 10 I broke out in hives and had a fever.  I stopped taking the medication.  I also have been taking blood pressure meds and primerin for hot flashes for over a year.  I stopped all meds and took benadryl for 5 days.  I have been in contact with my doctor and am hoping it was not due to qsymia because it was working.  Just not sure if it&#039;s safe for me."
"I have had severe eczema since I was a child. Therapies included the usual prednisone, topical creams  and testing for everything under the sun. Desperate and searching  online night after night for help, I came across the hospital a few years ago and began working with the doctor who led the groundbreaking eczema research to get this drug on the market. I knew within hours this drug was different---it was actually working! I am extremely lucky to have found medical tam and their research on Duplixent. I am now itch free and almost 100% clear; something I thought I&#039;d never experience in my lifetime! God bless all the folks involved including the clinical trials. The future is exciting for eczema cases. I am very, very, very grateful."
"I&#039;m on the 3rd day of the 5-day treatment (2 pills on day 1 and 1 pill each of the next 4 days) and have had no bad side effects when taking this medication.  My bronchitis finally seems to be clearing up and I&#039;m pleased with this medication."
"I was prescribed this medication for RSD chronic pain I&#039;ve been on this medication for approximately two and a half weeks now the nausea is awful vomiting the feeling of being seasick 24 hours a day I recalled my pain management doctor and explain the side effects of this was told I would have to stay on at the full 30 days had to recall a few days later to get prescribed a pill for nausea  after two doses of that I still vomited I am now on the second day with the nausea medication and a Bellvue Co hopefully today is better most times the dissolving film does not dissolve completely almost 75% of the patches I have taken so far left what looked to be like a small piece of gum either stuck to my teeth or the side of the inside of my cheek"
"Terrible I wouldn&#039;t recommend to anyone. I took this a week ago &amp; have been having Terrible Abdominal Pain &amp; Cramps. I&#039;ve taken Advil, Tylenol, Midol &amp; Termacare Heat Wraps for cramps &amp; nothing is working. I haven&#039;t gotten my period yet but it&#039;s not expected until a few days. DON&#039;T BUY!!!"
"I have tried many different medications for my back, I have deteriorating arthritis in my lower back along with curvature of the spine. I am currently on Opana ER 10 mg twice a day, and Norco 4 times a day for break through pain. When I get up in the morning I can hardly move, I take the Opana and within half an hour I can move better. I still have pain but not as intense as it was. It has helped a lot. I would not be able to afford this medicine without the coupon."
"Excellent"
"I recently started using this medication prescribed to me from my doctor and the first week of taking it was not so bad but I did have headache, nausea and leg aches. After the first week I felt great and I&#039;m already seeing results. I&#039;m so happy with this medication. I love it!"
"Just started yesterday.  No effects yet.  However, my doctor said she would fight to have me on this medication and insurance turned it down, the I tried the card supplied with Contrave and the pharmacy said they couldn&#039;t take it without insurance, so I had to pay full amount.  Does anyone have any ideas to help me?  

I am a VERY active 51 year old that has been fighting this weight it seems forever.  I keep working out harder and eating sensibly and still can&#039;t lose weight.  I really hope this helps me, I love to be active and since getting a management position have gained 50 lbs.  I&#039;m 250 - 5&#039;9&quot;.

I just hope I can afford it."
"Causes dystonia but is extremely effective. Nothing that can&#039;t be fixed by benztropine."
"I have tried numerous drugs for RLS, including Neurontin, Klonopin, Lyrica, Mirapex, and clonidine (and possibly 1 or 2 others).  Clonidine started out positively, giving me more relief than Neurontin.  However, unfortunately I developed a very rare severe side effect called Stevens-Johnson Syndrome (a.k.a. toxic epidermal necrolysis), which has a high death rate.  Needless to say, clonidine was D/C&#039;d, and after lengthy treatment for SJS, I (cautiously!) tried a different drug.  Ultimately, Mirapex and Lyrica have been the best, with approx. equal effectiveness."
"I think if you already had some underlying issue like I had, teribble pms and painful periods, and you felt terrible mood swings etc without BC, then this pill seems to work well. It seems like women who have minor pms and such don&#039;t do well with this one. But I have felt amazing since starting it. I barely have a period and no pms. No PMS !!!! I haven&#039;t had any mood issues or hormonal issues since starting it . I have noticed my breast more full which is welcome. Only real side effect was naseau for the first 1.5 weeks in morning and evening which wasnt fun. I feel great on it."
"After complaining to my urologist that the Oxybutynin Hydrocloride I had been taking for years had stopped working, he gave me a 30 day sample pack of Myrbetriq 50mg to try. Although it really didn&#039;t work any better- same amount of urgency and leakage- I went ahead and ordered a 90 day supply from CVS Caremark. I figured newer was better, right? Wrong! Within 3 days I broke out in severe hives all over my body. I did not immediately make the connection, so I took my regular dose of Myrbetriq again on the fourth day. My hives became so bad I called my doctor and luckily he connected the dots and ordered me off the Myrbetriq and onto a five day course of Prednisone. Be very wary of this drug!"
"I can&#039;t even explain how horrible this headache is. It is 3:44am, and I can&#039;t sleep a wink because of the horrible pain I&#039;m in. I&#039;ve only just started this medication, yesterday, and it will be my last dose. It&#039;s Pantoprozole Sodium Extended release 40mg. When they say headache is a possible/common side effect, they weren&#039;t kidding. Migraine like pain. I will gladly take gastritis over this crap. Never, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, again. This sucks soooooo bad!!!"
"This medicine has completely changed my life.  I am basically tremor free, and have been on the medicine for over 6 years now.  My shaking was completely uncontrollable prior to the medicine and I can definitely tell within a half a day if I forget to take it.  Lately I am noticing dizzy and light headedness, I normally have low Blood Pressure and am wondering if it has dropped too low now."
"I have been on numerous anti-depressants for 12 years, including combinations of Zoloft and Wellbutrin, Cymbalta, Lexapro, Prozac and many others.  I also suffer from severe anxiety and have panic attacks.  I used to HAVE to take at least 2 anti-depressants to keep my depression at bay and it seemed they would only work for about 18-24 months before the combination stopped working.  I began Viibryd right after it came on the market because I needed my sex life back.   Both my Psychiatrist and I were skeptical, but I have been on 20 mg Viibryd for 3 years now and have never felt better, happier or more optimistic.  I can have orgasms now, too! it has changed my life."
"I was started on Cymbalta for pain at 30 mg per day the first month.  I experienced mild disruption of sleep for a few nights, but no other side effects.  My pain was initially reduced by 70% but began to wear off by evening.  Second month my dose was upped to 60 mg per day, which I take at lunch time.  My neck pain and neuropathy in hands and feet have been reduced by 90% which is like a miracle to me.  I have been able to resume yoga and biking.  Life is very good now.  I was switched to generic Duloxetine with no loss of benefit and no more side effects. I&#039;m one of the lucky ones who does not suffer many side effects from medications.  My sister cannot use this one at all."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon for about two weeks, and I don&#039;t feel any different than I did before. A few of my friends who got Implanon said that they didn&#039;t stop bleeding for six to eight months, so I was a little worried. But I had it implanted in the middle of my period, and the second day after I had it inserted, my period was over. The only thing I can say is don&#039;t do anything strenuous with the arm you get it in. I play on a high school softball team, and it&#039;s been hurting me because I&#039;ve refused to not play. So, all in all, the irritation I&#039;m getting every now and then from my Implanon is entirely my fault. But it&#039;s great to know that I don&#039;t need to remember to take a pill or anything. Worry-free birth control. That&#039;s the way to go."
"I have been using Loestrin for about a year now and at first I had horrible mood swings, I was hungry all the time, and my breasts hurt. Overall though I loved the pill because it made me have shorter periods and it made my breasts bigger. After a while, however, I started gaining weight in all the wrong places. When I started Loestrin I was 105 lbs now I am 125 lbs. I have tried everything to lose the weight and I haven&#039;t had any luck. I am switching THIS WEEK!"
"After being hypothyroid for many years and having good results on Synthroid and natural thyroid, it went on backorder for a few months and I had to switch to Cytomel.  I felt immediate changes,  more alert and a little more energy.  However, after taking it for a few years,  about 70% of my hair fell out (in clumps and I tried everything to stop the hair loss), and I&#039;ve had chronic insomnia,  huge appetite increase,  higher blood pressure,  anxiety attacks, hot flashes, etc. "
"I have used every face wash product and home remedy on the market.  I&#039;ve been on Doxycycline,  Minocycline,  and every other antibiotic the doctor can prescribe.  They helped, but I was never clear.  I finally decided to go on Accutane.  The process to get on the pill is a huge pain,  but it&#039;s so worth it.  You have to take birth control and get blood work every month because you CANNOT get pregnant.  My skin was dry for two weeks.  Then it was minorly dry after that.  I rarely had to use lotion.  My lips were CHAPPED.  Don&#039;t use drug store chap stick. I recommend Lucas Pawpaw ointment, ceralip or Cortibalm.  The first month I had minor headaches, but I was 100 % clear by month 3. My skin was no longer oily.  This experience was amazing."
"With a severe spinal disorder &amp; several herniated discs I have had injections from my pain management Doctors &amp; I must say that they did relieve my pain for around 2-3 months.  However, the pain did of course return in full force. After about 3 to 5 other types of pain medicine , they finally prescribed me the oxycodone / acetaminophen 7.5-325 mg tablets.  Wow, what a relief. It works really great for me with no side effects.  First time in a very long time I will say I am pain free for the most part."
"I am currently staying in the hospital overnight with an infected colon ( thought it was appendicitis it was so close), crazy watery diarrhea, vomiting, severe stomach cramps, and therefore dehydration. I have never had digestive problems like this and I&#039;ve never been in a hospital overnight. This is seriously because of augmentin. Do not take this drug!"
"The insertion of it was so painful I was shaking, sweating, and nauseous. I stood up, white washed face, totally pale and about to vomit/pass out. Prior to this, my doctor gave me three &quot;extra-strength ibuprofen&quot;. It wasn&#039;t nearly enough, I wanted to die. After one month of solid period bleeding, writhing around in pain in the fetal position, tears streaming down my face from excruciating pain, my mother took me to the hospital. They did an ultrasound to make sure the IUD was in it&#039;s proper place and not stabbing through my uterine walls. Surprise! My body was having contractions trying to push out the IUD. I had the IUD removed the next day. It took two doses of morphine to get the pain to dull out. Horrible, horrible experience."
"I took Bactrim once for a Urinary Tract infection. I can&#039;t remember exactly how many days I was instructed to take the pill, but I know it was over a week. Everything was fine up until the 9th day, then my entire body broke out in hives."
"It is the only thing that works for my migraines."
"The medicine works great. I&#039;ve been on it for almost 2 years. The only thing is I&#039;m getting a lot of the side effects. The one thing that is very bad is the itching on my arms that have lasted a long time. No medicine has helped so if anyone has any ideas on how to stop the itching please give me ideas. The only good thing about this medicine is that it&#039;s helping my ulcerative colitis."
"I have used Hyzaar for 8 months. It does cause strange heartbeats and even much discomfort in right part of my chest about an hour after taking the pill. I never had any of that before."
"I have been using Miralax and psillium every night for about a year and wanted to try Linzess, but my doctor was hesitant to let me try it.  Possible side effects.  Anyway, after some reasearch, I realized the Nexium I have been using causes a Magnesium deficiency.  So now I take a multi-mineral capsule and a 500mg Magnesium capsule 3 times a day with meals.  I have been able to cut back on my chemical medications and have some hope that I will be able to get off them completely by adjusting my mineral intake.  Try this, because your bowels cannot function without enough minerals."
"I was on the pill for 10 years before deciding on Skyla. I&#039;d say the process itself only took about 10 to 15 minutes. It was a little bit uncomfortable, and there was a pretty intense pinching sensation towards the end, but overall, I didn&#039;t find the insertion to be that painful. I did feel a little bit lightheaded afterwards, though. I had some cramping that day, but felt fine the next day. There was some minor cramping over the course of the week, but that has since subsided. I got the device inserted on the first day of my period, and bled for about 8 days afterwards. I did not have any spotting over the next month. My period arrived 4.5 weeks later, and lasted about 7 days. The only negative effect I&#039;ve been experiencing are headaches."
"Fewer side effects than Ditropan and more effective than Detrol."
"been taking antibiotics for almost 3 month now, cipro for 6 weeks for an apparently antibiotic resistant infection. started on merropenem i.v.  (dont know why if its antibiotic resistant) i think doctors do whatever they can with the knowledge they have been given by these companies. which most dont even now of the side effects and say dont believe everything you read on google. but i had diarrhea straight away after the first pill (500mg) i have also had tennis elbow. yet never played any tennis or golf.i have muscular pain in my shoulder and it felt like it popped out or something almost a week ago. and only now i re read the symptoms and the reviews i see others having this problem. i dont trust pharma companies i want to stop taking now"
"Tried this twice, have really bad hormonal acne and was prescribed this by me GP, completely dried my skin out and it hurt to use anything but simple face wash on it, stung and itched a lot and made my dermatitis soo much worse. That was last year, gave up on prescribed treatments until 2 months ago, again was given duac even after describing my first experience with it have used it for 6 weeks now, skin has adjusted to drying but has done nothing for my acne, still have as many breakouts if not worse"
"I started this birth control in April and loved it. I was very nauseous at first but did not spot at all. After 2 months on it I finally got my period for only two days. It was nice not getting it but also made me anxious every month. After this I did not get my period until last week. So that is 3 months of not receiving my period which stressed me out. After months on it I started losing my sex drive and becoming extremely moody the first 3 weeks of the pack. I wasn&#039;t myself anymore and everyone around me noticed it. I plan on getting off of it for a couple of months or more to reset my hormones and get back to normal. Obviously everyone will react differently to this pill. Also my insurance didn&#039;t cover it so I was paying $80 for 3 packs"
"My daughter was put on this for her ADHD and it has worked reasonably thus far. We weren&#039;t looking for a miracle cure as everything has its pros and cons. We have Tricare Prime and I pay $25 a month for her bottle."
"I been on this pill for almost a year now. At first it made me feel really bad if I didn&#039;t eat with it! I mean all day bad! It&#039;s good to eat with this pill. Now I&#039;m fine! I have lighter periods that last for almost three to four days and hardly any cramping. I do have a lower sex drive though. Other than that I think this is the best birth control if you had to choose any go with this one!"
"This medicine worked in the end but getting there was the worst night of my life as far as pain is concerned. My symptoms were mild at worst so I thought I would take care of it before my infection got terrible. I can count the times I have cried in my adult life and this was one of them. I will never take this again simply because the pain was so bad. There has to be something better!"
"This medicine works extremely well. I have been very pleased with its effects and yielded results in many different areas in my life.  From greatly increased concentration to unknown sources of motivation to succeed, Vyvanse has helped me immensely.

I also think that I should put this in here too.  I am eighteen and have experienced depression before.  During one such battle, I thought that a &quot;nice way to end things,&quot; would be to really overdose on my medicines.

Well, turns out that you just get a really strange night&#039;s sleep and an awful stomach ache for a day with your fair share of vomiting.  Needless to say, I learned my lesson and really just told myself how stupid I was and went on with life.

However, all in all, this medicine is very good."
"I have a A1C 0f 6.2. I am 265 pounds. I just started Bydureon yesterday my Dr. office gave me the  first one free and I  gave myself the first injection. I have had some mild nausea. I have not had the desire to eat very much and in fact went to bed without eating any dinner, had an overall odd full feeling. I am nervous because I have seen so many reviews of people that had a lot of nausea and vomiting, so far so good but it still worries me. I really want to lose weight and feel better."
"I am 29 and just diagnosed with Bipolar after a horrible manic depression cycle. Its worked great to stablize my moods but I&#039;m scared after reading everyone&#039;s weight gain stories! I will have to hitch up my diet and exercise plan more. One thing I noticed that I didn&#039;t see anyone else write is that I have these horrible and extremely vivid dreams - they seem to be my fears realized. But they are so vivid and real that they hang over me all day. Has anyone else experienced this?"
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin for about four weeks to ease my social anxiety issues. I have never taken anti-depressants before so I had no idea what to expect. I&#039;m glad the first week is over because it was very euphoric, which I did not enjoy. I had to take a nap around 4:00 p.m. the first day. The second week was not euphoric at all and I feel back to my old self again. Gratitude all around."
"Got hospitalized. upped to 10mg morning and evening. This dose has helped my symptoms. I&#039;ve had blackouts, and panic attacks and sex problems with every other atypical out there. Zyprexa is great. Only negative is gaining weight fast, while being slightly sedating, which makes it harder to exercise."
"I personally do not advise keytruda to anyone. I had a love one walk into the oncologist to receive this treatment and three weeks later she was wheeled back into the oncologists office, unable to walk her body was falling apart thanks to this atrocious treatment. Five weeks have gone by and she is currently laying in a hospital bed in the middle of her living room unresponsive and is thought to pass away within the next three days. Please keep loved ones away from it."
"I&#039;ve had a sweating problem since the 4th grade. I am currently going to be a Freshman in high school. Everyone always asked me why my armpits are so wet, I was completely embarrassed. Finally, we asked the doctor and she recommended Hypercare. I started using it, but I didn&#039;t listen to the instructions and used my regular deodorant; mistake. It wasn&#039;t working and I was discouraged that I wouldn&#039;t ever stop sweating. Then, I stopped using my regular deodorant and right now, I&#039;m dry. I totally recommend Hypercare, amazing!"
"I have had a large variety of problems with birth control. My first bc, Tri Linyah, depressed me to no extent, gave me mega cramps, heavy periods and made me feel sick everyday. I switched to Falmina after being on that for 6 months and it was amazing how normal I felt again. My mood swings were under control and I could fully function theough my day without have to feel ill. I recently have been switched to Orsythia and, even though it&#039;s only been a month on it, I can tell it&#039;s leading right to depression. I&#039;m switching back to Falmina immediately. I wanted to share my experience because Falmina was a god send for me and I wanted to give more insight than the negative reviews gave. Everyone responds differently. Find what works for you :)"
"There are few drugs these days, developed for something useful and Provigil and Nuvigil are most useful for those of us with shift work disorder."
"I had my second colonoscopy at age 61, this time with Propofol (Diprivan) and it went much better than the first one ten years earlier with a different sedative (when I woke up in the middle of the procedure in considerable pain).  It was injected into an IV in the back of my right hand and I was literally out like a light in about ten seconds.  The next thing I knew I was in the recovery room and I couldn&#039;t believe it was over.  The only side effects were a sore throat (I had on an oxygen mask so that may have been a contributing factor) and very low blood pressure for about thirty minutes afterwards."
"If you have Asthma and a chest cold, Combivent clears the mucus from your airways so you can breathe. I only gave it 9 out of 10 because it tastes AWFUL!"
"My Doctor added 20mg Latuda four weeks ago after prescribing 20mg Paxil two weeks earlier for my Depression and Anxiety . I was nervous about it, but the results have been great. My racing anxious thoughts stopped and my suicidal ideation also went away. I seem to have better energy and am more motivated. My life is greatly improving on this combo. My anxiety has been reduced by 90% also. I take both of these meds in the evening and sleep great. The only side effect I noticed was some vivid, crazy dreams the first 3 nights on the Latuda. I also have reduced libido but I suspect the Paxil for that."
"One of the few anti-depressants I can tolerate. Most cause major sleep disorders, But with Prozac I don&#039;t have a problem. Not really sure if it helps much with panic attacks, I&#039;ve tried 20mg and 40mg, sometime 40 mg seems to be a bit much."
"Immediately felt a lot better taking this.  After a couple of weeks now I have been feeling some kinesia-related issues: sore joints, sore muscles, but I&#039;m not exactly sure it correlates to this medicine because my activity level is varied also. It helps voices and conspiracies chill out.  But maybe that&#039;s exactly what &quot;they&quot; want! But I have felt immediately better, but am concerned about long-term effects considering the sudden onset of other symptoms.  I have been nothing but tired lately too, while I&#039;ve been getting more sleep and sleeping earlier also.
This is something I need to address with my doctors and it does seem like a medicine that does have need for monitoring of the effects. I&#039;d rather not be on it very long."
"I have been using Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 2 and a half years. Have experienced racing heart, panic attacks constant mood swings. I get upset and cry over something little, gained about 4 pounds, boobs did get bigger though and I haven&#039;t become pregnant, so that&#039;s a plus."
"After an 8 week cold, 3 weeks a of bad cough and generally feeling under the weather and out of breath even on the gentlest of slopes, I went to the doctor who diagnosed bronchitis. I was put on a 5 day course of Clarithromycin 500 mg pills and a 10 day burst of Prednisalone starting at 30 mg. Even after one antibiotic I felt relief. I had no side effects whatsoever. I maybe should mention I have an autoimminune disease, PMR, and take a very low dose of steroids and also Omezrapol (a gastric resistant capsule prescribed for people taking steroids). I live in Scotland where all prescriptions are free."
"I just got the copper IUD removed after having it for 7 months. I am normally a really positive person with a happy demeanor and I am convinced that the copper IUD threw me into depression and anxiety. I have NEVER had depression or anxiety, and every month my moods got worse, I would cry almost everyday, I would snap at my bf or family for the smallest thing, and I felt rage almost all the time. I was trying to figure out if something else in my life was affecting me, I even went to my therapist and a depression care specialist. I finally read some reviews on the copper IUD and depression and it seems pretty common. Drs will tell you it&#039;s not the IUD but please trust your intuition. I also had yeast infection &amp; BV almost every month because of IUD."
"I&#039;m on month 3 &amp; at first I had no side effects because I had just got off the depo shot. But this month I&#039;m having mood swings.. My face is breaking out &amp; I&#039;ve always had nice clear skin &amp; so far I&#039;ve been bleeding 8 days straight &amp; cramping every day as well which I&#039;ve Never done!! I&#039;m seriously thinking about getting off this pill or taking nothing at all I&#039;m tired of all these toxins in my body doing me harm!"
"I have had severe psoriasis for 22 years. Last year I developed psoriatic arthritis too. The pain was debilitating and made dealing with my skin even harder. It took doctors 6 mth  to prescribe Stelara but once I got it, I got my life back. I&#039;ve only had 2 jabs but I feel fantastic and my skin us 100% improved. A wonder drug for me. I pray to God it doesn&#039;t fail like Humira and Cosentyx. Good luck to all of you suffering with these horrific disease&#039;s"
"I have been taking Lexapro for about 3 months.  I started off taking 10mg per day but I felt like it wore off throughout the day and my energy level would drop.  My doctor upped the dosage to 20mg and I definitely noticed a difference - my mood doesn&#039;t drop during the day.  I don&#039;t feel sad, I can actually concentrate now.  I haven&#039;t had any side effects, in fact it&#039;s even helped me sleep better.  As for the anxiety, I think it is helping because I&#039;m not as worried about everything all the time but I still feel very stressed out in social situations.  I&#039;m in therapy as well so that might help me learn to control the fear.  Life shouldn&#039;t feel so dire and impossible.  Lexapro helped me see this."
"I have been on Lamictal for seven years (300 mg morning and  200 mg in the evening). I had been on Topamax before but my neurologist switched because of side effects.  After the switch, my amount of seizures increased dramatically to about 5 per month and I was having them without any warning.  It was as if I was not on any medication! I have always been controlled with medicines. The neurologist refused to believe it was from the Lamictal and kept saying it was because my body had to adjust to the change in medicine. After about 6 months, a doctor at a different hospital put me on Keppra in addition to the Lamictal.  I have only had one seizure since. "
"I had taken Buspar many years ago until one day I decided I just didn&#039;t need it anymore and stopped taking it, no weaning, no withdrawal. Now I&#039;m back on it again and will stay on it until I feel that way again. It took a couple weeks, and a few days of depression, before it took hold but I have never experienced any side effects. In fact the only thing I feel is that I am thinking positively, rather than looking for a boogey-man in everything. Just a natural feeling of health. Recently the doctor tried something else because of poor sleep and gave me lorazepam, which made my arms and legs feel heavy and I slept for 12 hours, and then diazepam which did nothing much but dampened my feelings and sleep was worse. I&#039;ll stay with Buspar."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for 2 years now and I love it. It is the only birth control I&#039;ve ever been on and it has not made me gain weight or any of the &quot;usual&quot;  side effects. The only thing I can say is I don&#039;t like is that I don&#039;t get a period every month. It comes about every 3-5 months. Which sometimes can be very frightening when you have an accident and sometimes birth control does fail but luckily Loestrin 24 hasn&#039;t failed me yet."
"I started Nucynta 100mg 3x/day because I have severe back problems. Norcos/Vicodin were not working. First day I was on it, it took about an hour to kick in (about 12am I got my prescription at 11pm). I had had bizarre/violent dreams. I took it before work (I didn&#039;t drive) and I have a desk job. I spent most of the day drooling. Day 2 great night sleep, no bizarre dreams fell asleep no problem. Went to work and was hot and sweaty (the office was at 69 degrees and it was raining), worst dry mouth you could imagine. No appetite and drank a ton of water. Day 3 diarrhea, sweaty, no appetite. As for the pain management it worked better than Vicodin but I still feel a burning."
"I started taking abilify about 2 weeks ago for severe anxiety and that combined with 200mg of zoloft has me feeling better then I have in a long time. thank God"
"Worst pain I have ever felt. Burning and itching. If I had a choice I&#039;d take back the infection. 
Thank God for ice packs and cool damp cloths. 
Do not buy this product."
"So, I was put on this as nothing else worked and I had hideous night sweats on the usual meds. This one seems to have taken the edge of me but I am fat as hell and that makes me depressed too! I monitor what I eat, go to the gym, but I am stuck at 13 stone and I&#039;m usually no more than 10 :-( I&#039;m always hungry and now seem to want to sleep for 15 hours or more. I work from home so I am lucky in that I can fall out of bed and land in a heap on the sofa and start my day.. Only trouble is that I ache a lot and want to sleep all the time. My energy is low and my desire to do anything is also very low. I feel suicidal a few times a week which is better than every minute of the day, but I still feel like a misfit in the world :-("
"After being treated on 4 antipsychotics and two mood stabilizers for bipolar hypo manic disorder I have never felt better in 10 years
 Currently on seroquel 400mg XR  ( Three tablets at bedtime) take 1 to 2 mg Klonipin daily as needed. Never felt better. Tried other sleep aids like trazadone and other tcas. Nothing. Best with klonipin because of no cravings of physical need because half life long and one doesn&#039;t get a high off klonopin because very slow onset."
"I had shortness of breath and chest pains right side, doctor sent for X-rays. Called next day and told me I had pneumonia of left lung. It&#039;s been 5 days now and I slept throughout the night yesterday for 1st time in a week,
chest pains still there but less intense. After 10 days on medicine I am going back for X-rays. So far so good."
"I gave the medication a 5 because it did curb my food cravings really well.  The first week, I was elated that the medication was effective, and I lost 5 lbs in the first week. The second week, I woke up at 10 pm one night with shortness of breath, heart racing, nauseated, and weird sensations that started in the temples of my head and swept through my body (felt as if I was leaving my body).  I was driving in to work the next morning, and the same sensation occurred (much stronger than the night before).  I ended up pulling over and calling 911. 3 ER visits, one hospitalization, several cardiac tests, and now on to a neurologist because the &quot;sensations&quot; still occur 8 weeks after stopping Contrave. Disappointed &amp; broke!"
"I had only taken this a short time and my thumb muscles collapsed. I immediately quit, but I could not close my hand or make a fist. 

I now have carpal tunnel and I am experiencing back muscle and nerve problems. 

I think my heart muscle may have been affected. This is horrid. A case where the cure is worse than the disease!!!!!!"
"To anyone thinking about the getting the Mirena.... expect to bleed for weeks afterwards but don&#039;t be worried. I&#039;ve had mine for 3 years now and haven&#039;t had a period in 2 years. I&#039;ve spotted once or twice but my periods weren&#039;t bad in the first place. Everyone&#039;s different. The insertion was PAINFUL and at first I bleed for 4-6 weeks with bad cramps. It was horrible but I&#039;m glad I stuck it out. The piece of mind I get from such an effective birth control was worth the rough beginning."
"Started using this less than a week ago.  I&#039;ve done test inj in the past and worked out and got dramatic results.  Now that I&#039;m older (48), my test is low, 208, my Dr prescribed Androgel, but insurance only covers Testim.  Personally, I think it smells like Lysol.  I am feeling better but hate the application process and the stickiness off my skin afterward.  If my levels don&#039;t bump up on my next round of blood tests, I&#039;m going to go to a urologist and see about getting the pellets put in."
"I started up on 250mg and ended up at 1500mg.  I noticed very subtle effects if any.  Hard to remember, I went through a lot and was on Seroquel also at the time.  Seemed to have a slight calming effect.  However after time it raised my liver enzymes and lowered my platelet count (which is a potential side effect)  So I went off of it.  I don&#039;t have many hypomanic episodes and never a manic episode so I don&#039;t know why my dose got that high.  Didn&#039;t notice anything significant.  Gained 20 lbs, made me sick and tired.  Wasn&#039;t for me."
"I have allergies and asthma.  Patanase is the key to preventing sinus infections that I used to get two times every year like clockwork plus my asthma that gets triggered when my sinuses are bad and on Patanase, I improved dramatically. 

The generic version works for me for about 30 minutes and then my sinuses swell shut again.  When my insurance company insisted I use it and I got a three month supply, it was a miserable three months of stuffiness, asthma attacks and here came the sinus infections again. 

So now I shell out $170 every three months to get the real stuff that actually works.  

I would rate the generic a zero if I could."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon since January of 2011 and all I&#039;ve done is bled everyday ever since I got it. I&#039;m moody, mean, rude, have no energy I&#039;m tired all the time and have no sex drive at all and I&#039;ve gained about 20 lbs. I&#039;m a totally different person now than what I was before I got it put in. I&#039;m on antidepressants and anxiety medicines since I&#039;ve gotten the Implanon in. The doctors told me that taking the pill and having the Implanon would make the bleeding stop but it just made it worse. I&#039;m getting the Implanon taken out. "
"Works good for some anxiety but it caused me to be tired and sleepy. I slept a lot while on this and was still depressed."
"So far so good. This is the only medicine I have been on for depression but have had depression and anxiety for years. I feel it has really helped. I was also given Xanax for anxiety but feel I don&#039;t even have to really take it because Pristiq is helping with that too. I lost a lot of weight but finally have an appetite again after not having one because of weeks of depression. I recommend anyone try this. It definitely made me feel better, more energy and a happier state of being. Only side effect so far is a little trouble sleeping, clenched jaw sometimes and nausea when you first start but that went away once I ate something."
"Tried the brand name a while back and had FULL SCALE hallucinations and memory loss.  Being a nurse, I believed there was no difference between generic and brand, but after 15 years of chronic TERRIBLE insomnia, I gave the generic a try.  While I didn&#039;t have the horrid side effects, 10mg will put me to sleep well, but not stay asleep.  The controlled release helps me stay asleep, but it takes hours to fall asleep.  My doc prescribed 5mg of the immediate and 6.25 controlled, and as long as I don&#039;t use it every day (taking a day off here and there which kills me) it works for about 4-5 hours of sleep, which depending on how desperate you are is plenty.  Plus the price can&#039;t be beat."
"I realized it&#039;s been about 6 days since my last bowel motion.  I took this around 1:00 pm today so I wouldn&#039;t have to lose any sleep or deal with it tomorrow at work.  I took it with a swig of water and about 45 minutes later started reading these reviews.  Immediately, I started drinking water and got about 40 ounces down within an hour or so.  I started getting very gassy with very mild cramps around 4:00.  Between 5 and 6pm I passed some soft stool a few times, but knew it wasn&#039;t the end based on how long I had went without a bowel motion.  I had a bowl of cereal around 8:00 and by 8:30 I was passing pretty frequently.  I only had extremely mild cramps and a couple hot flashes.  Be sure to drink your water."
"Had the implanon for 5 months
What I experienced was bleeding every day and that I had to wear a tampon everyday for 5 months.
I didn&#039;t even know when I had my period because it was like I had my period everyday.
Makes your face break out, weight gain, and my sex drive disappeared.

If I would have read these reviews I never would have got it.

The removal procedure was also extremely painful

I would not recommend anyone taking this as there are much better ways 

It is not worth it at all"
"After having tried four previous drops, my doctor gave me Zioptan and my pressures came down immediately. My eyes are extremely dry , so I also have to use liquid tears every two hours."
"I have had psoriasis for about 15 years and it has progressed over the years to covering about 20% of my body with severe scalp coverage.  I had been on cremes, sprays, pills, etc with no good long term results (and at best just halting its path forward but not reversing it). After 2 weeks on Humira I could see a difference. I am at the 3 month stage and the flaking patches are gone and most of the smaller patches are completely gone. The heavy large patches on my legs , torso only have a slight discoloration now. It works and its easy."
"I&#039;ve had mostly positive experiences with Omeprazole and much prefer them over H2-receptor antagonists like Ranitidine. I was working a 5 day a week job but GERD meant I was only capable of working 2-3 of those days. Within a week of starting PPI therapy I was working the full week and within a couple of months felt fit and healthy enough to take on overtime to the tune of 13 days on shift, 1 day off. I&#039;ve read about things such as calcium, magnesium, iron and vitamin b12 deficiency so I take supplements to boost those levels and stave off any unwanted, long term side effects. As far as short term side effects go I&#039;ve had some minor constipation from it, some minor aversion to light and a couple of tension headaches in the first 2 months."
"I have been fighting cystic acne for years and finally decided to see a dermatologist who prescribed Onexton. It took about two weeks and my cystic acne has cleared completely. I&#039;m also taking Doryx daily. I had no issues with irritation from using the cream daily. I use coconut oil as a moisturizer which seems to work well. I&#039;ve been using a  mineral SPF since all the other cream sunblocks seem to cause breakouts."
"since starting this medication, my breathing ha improved immeasurably. i can workout harder and with more energy.its a great product. getting fewer colds and phlegm."
"I began this medication 6 weeks ago I read reviews first and thought wow this might work . over the last 10 years I have lost 135 lbs through diet and exercise , I am recovering from an injury and can&#039;t workout with the intesity I was had so I began this drug didn&#039;t notice any side effects or loss of appetite, the next week I increased the dosage with no results either , from reading reviews I thought what&#039;s wrong with me that it doesn&#039;t work I increased the third week only to feel sick , and thought I don&#039;t want to feel this way I rarely put reviews up but I want people to know it&#039;s not just them it didn&#039;t work for others as well"
"I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis Jan 10, 2012. Since being on Copaxone for one year, I haven&#039;t noticed any change in my symptoms.  I have noticed they come every three months instead of monthly. Haven&#039;t seen a neurologist yet and hope no new lesions.  I will say that I have experienced hair loss.  I have never had a problem with hair loss other than cutting it off myself, but this has been on-going.  At first I had the indentions, but was told by a MS nurse to try getting a massage.  And that I have done.  I get a massage on a weekly basis and it has taken the indentions away and it relaxes me. I have hope this medicine works for me."
"My son was diagnosed with ADHD in 1st grade. He&#039;s now in 6th. We&#039;ve tried so many meds...Concerta, Intuniv, Focalic, Metasomethingoranother, and more. The stimulants caused massive mood swings. And the other stuff just didn&#039;t work well either. He&#039;s now on Kapvay, the generic form of it, and so far, so good. He takes .1 mg in the morning and we just increased evening to .2mg. The only trouble we&#039;ve had is sleep. He falls asleep but wakes up by 4am. And then, doesn&#039;t fall back to sleep until 6 but has to be awake by 7:30. So, right now, he&#039;s texting me to bring him coffee. Not sure what to do about the lack of sleep but I&#039;m really happy with how he&#039;s responding otherwise. The mood swings have lessened. Now they just seem tween-typical."
"I don&#039;t have acne any more and it made my face so clear that everyone asks me what did I do to my face."
"I just stated this medication (maybe 2 and a half weeks) and wow! 
Let me give some background info (18, Male, acne prone/drier than normal skin type, shade and use makeup on the daily) 

I tried everything from spot treatments and epiduo (which worked for a couple of months but the purging periods were long and horrible! I highly do not recommend tropical treatments) I tried 2 other oral meds before this one and none worked but there omg! My skin is soft and a even skin tone color!
! And it&#039;s only been half a month imagine for months to come! I&#039;m so excited and finally confident in my skin. I would truly recommend this medication before opting out to do something like acutane. 
Also I have not had any side effects my stats are 17, 5&#039;7 125lbs"
"Worked better than infusions and other oral prescriptions .   I have seronegative RA"
"I was diagnosed with Cervical Dystonia after months of pain and a few years of wondering what was happening to me. It came to the point where I was depressed and exhausted all of the time and felt things would never ever get better for me. After different medicines, physical therapy and acupuncture I finally was sent to a Neurologist who confirmed my Dystonia and started Botox injections. The first treatment had no effect as they had to start with a small dose so one vile. I had to wait 2.5 months before I could receive another treatment and at that point was given 3 viles. I finally found relief and got my life back. My Dystonia will probably forever affect me but with the Botox I can barely notice it. It is truly a medical miracle that this works."
"I&#039;ve had my Mirena in for about 3 days now. Insertion was absolutely awful. Hurt so, so badly, I even jumped. The cramping afterwards was dreadful as well. I&#039;m 18 and weigh 100 pounds and have never had a child so this could have a lot to do with the excruciating pain I felt. Slight cramping today, nothing unbearable though. Highly recommend requesting off work a couple days after insertion, I had to leave work the second day because of the cramping. Love the fact that you don&#039;t have to think about taking the pill everyday though. The strings are a little weird at first considering my doctor never told me about them. Sex after insertion was not painful at all!! Actually felt better! And my boyfriend said the strings had no interference!"
"I started off with 25mg for my anxiety &amp; dep. for two weeks and then upped my dose to 50mg First couple of days I felt high anxiety  (probably because I scared myself by reading too much online comments) 
For 3-4 weeks I experienced nausea when yawning ( it made me yawn a lot) , no appetite, decrease in sex drive, and hard time reaching an orgasm. Although the side affects seem bad they were bearable. I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t give up. I feel a lot better, my anxiety decreased, my motivation to live increased, I&#039;m a lot happier and I engage into conversations more. I&#039;m very happy for trying Zoloft and can&#039;t wait till it improves my life even more. Try it! It&#039;ll save your life !"
"I have Metastatic adrenal cancer and this Calms me a great deal I take 1 mg three times a day and it&#039;s enough to keep me calm and not worry about death and leaving my husband and 3 kids and I&#039;m soon to be grandma."
"On Victoza for one week.  Have noticed drop in sugars from 150  to 120 most of the time.  Still have to take 35 units of fast acting at night to get sugars down to 88 at 3:00am.  Take 25 Lantus at night and 50 in morning.  Some burping, constipation. Weight 300 lbs now. Will monitor it.  Only side effect is an increase in heart beat of about 20 at rest and when exercising (from 70 to 90 at night) from 95 to 115 when at gym.  They are still okay.  I take Coreg and lisinopril for heart medication.  Blood pressures is good as usual, 130/75. A1C - 7.7. Will test in 3 months. Had bypass surgery last year. "
"Ativan has made a tremendous difference in my life as my anxiety was out of control and panic attacks were frequent. I don&#039;t find that it makes me tired and I like how the effects are quickly felt. I used to take 1 mg but now only take 0.5mg once a day; twice if I need it. I can skip days the odd time if I am at home and things are peaceful.  I was put on Valium and couldn&#039;t handle that at all - Ativan was a lifesaver for me!"
"I started aubra and it had the same dose of estrogen and progestin. I noticed the first weeks I was very emotional. I cry over a lot of things because I&#039;m just naturally a sensitive person but the first two weeks were pretty sad. My period either lasted 5 days with heavy to light bleeding, or a week with moderate bleeding. I never break out, and when I do it&#039;s once every blue moon. As for weight gain.. that&#039;s natural when taking birth control. The first time I gained 10 pounds but I am also an active person and go to the gym daily, so I lost it pretty quickly. I&#039;ve been on aubra for 3 years now. So far no complaints, but definitely I would recommend to give it a little over a month to see if it&#039;s for you."
"I have been taking this birth control for 6 months now and as far as I&#039;m concerned, it works well. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and I don&#039;t use condoms with my significant other. The first few months I may have had a little bit of nausea and bloating, but that&#039;s all gone now. My acne has pretty much stayed the same, but my periods are lighter and shorter. They are also very regular. As for changing my weight, I believe Apri has actually helped regulate my weight, so I haven&#039;t gained any pounds nor lost any while maintaining the same diet. Mood swings could probably be better, but that comes with all young female adults under stress anyway."
"I received one injection in both knees for four weeks a month ago. Have RA, OA and had tibia plateau fixation in both legs in 2009 after a car hit me. The injections DID NOT give me any kind of pain relief AT ALL. As a matter of fact today, my right knee feels worse than before the injections because it&#039;s hurting even though I didn&#039;t walk or stand up&hellip;"
"I&#039;m about to start week three of this medicine for chronic daily migraines. I don&#039;t wake up with headaches, I do experience the tingly fingers and toes, I&#039;m cold more often, and here lately I cry a lot over stupid stuff and nearly quit my job but did gave back my promotion and raise this week. I was already trying to stop drinking sodas so the carbonated beverages tasting horrible doesn&#039;t bother me anyway. I&#039;ll continue to take it but my husband and I are monitoring the crying episodes and watching for depression. I was sleeping better at first but now I&#039;m not sleeping much this week either."
"I am 40. I was diagnosed bipolar 15 years ago. My mania manifests itself as aggression/rage. My rage has been a problem since I was young. My violent outbursts consisted of me punching myself, bashing my head against walls and other horrifically embarrassing and dangerous actions. I was extremely verbally abusive to anyone unfortunate enough to be near me during my rages. I have been on many meds throughout my life. Every benzo. Mellaril. Thorazine. Every SSRI. Depakote. Lithium. NOTHING curbed my rage. In fact - SSRI meds INTENSIFIED my rage. 10 years ago, my psychiatrist put me on 20mg of Abilify. Within 4 days - I felt like I could finally breathe. My rage literally disappeared. But I don&#039;t feel &quot;zombie-ish&quot; like with other meds."
"I suffered from pretty bad acne. Everyday I would wake up with lots of whiteheads even some blackheads too, my acne was also very red, over my nose, chin, cheek and forehead area. I took Yaz for three months and it does wonders to your skin, I no longer suffer with waking up with lots of whiteheads or blackheads and I have seen a change in my skin. I will continue to take Yaz to keep improving my skin!"
"This is the very first birth control I ever used. The first few days I was overcome anxiety but that subsided. The first month I did have nausea and heartburn but that also subsided.  Two weeks after I began the pill I started my period which lasted off and on for about 3 weeks (which is normal, just annoying).  I switched birth controls with my Dr. because this was not stopping my period at all (I wouldn&#039;t take the break pills either).  I continued to get my period at random times which is not my goal with birth control.  It was not a horrible experience however, everyone&#039;s body responds differently."
"Wow! This prep so much better than Golytely prep from 8 yrs ago. 3 days prior to procedure started Low Residue Diet - reduced amount eaten on day 2 prior - this significantly reduces out put and discomfort. Only clear liquids day prior (no light breakfast). Read Suprep reviews - poured prep out over 3 small ice cubes and use chilled water - chugged in 2 gulps (breathed thru mouth between gulps - reduces taste) then immediately sucked on a sour piece hard candy - minimizes after taste. Within 15 min consumed 32 oz room temp water - the faster this all goes in the faster it comes out - less potty time. Same for early (3am) prep. No nausea/vomiting, no cramping, no headache, only slight chill in am. Absolutely best prep!"
"I took dulcolax and it just made me puke, no BM. This is the worst product I have ever used in my life. I have the chills and puked 2 times with this product. Id rather be constipated than have this."
"I have been on Pristiq 5 days, the 1st day I felt great, the 2nd, 3rd, 4th &amp; 5th, my last day as of yesterday has been pure hell. Nausea, constant headache, flu like symptoms, not being able to read the paper or anything, vision really messed up, hot &amp; then cold, total confusion, can&#039;t remember something that happened an hour ago, my skin itches so bad it&#039;s red. I&#039;m not going to take it ever again, I would rather be depressed, I will take my doctor back the samples he gave me tomorrow &amp; let him know my problems with Pristiq. I know an antidepressant can take time to be effective but I don&#039;t want to risk anymore withdrawal symptoms than what I&#039;m having after taking this just 5 days. I will never take it again."
"A word of caution to anyone with a history of depression or anxiety. I experienced some really scary side effects in the three weeks I tried Qsymia, including suicidal thoughts. I have a history of mild anxiety and depression and I experienced very severe symptoms while on the drug including panic attacks, restlessness, trouble sleeping and extreme sadness. I&#039;m tapering off the med now. I have a BMI of 35 and a history of PCOS which is why my doctor prescribed it, but she should not have given me this with my history of depression without a more serious warning of the potentially scary side effects. Good luck to all of you who are trying and who it&#039;s working for."
"I got my IUD in March and I am in LOVE! My gyno was amazing! She prescribed medication to soften my cervix the night before and advised that we insert it while I&#039;m still on a period so that my cervix is as open naturally as possible. I took ibuprofen in the morning before the appointment and right at the worst part she advised me to cough - all of that seemed to keep the discomfort down to a minimum! I had bad period style cramps the rest of the day and took it easy but was up and moving like normal the next day. The only issue I&#039;ve had is low libido but that could also be related to another issue I was diagnosed with too."
"Latuda changed my life. I feel normal. I&#039;m 48 years old and have been on many, many different types of meds for Bipolar type 1. I was diagnosed when I was 28, and have had quite a roller coaster time until I was put on Latuda 80 mg as well as Wellbutrin XL 300. I also had to add Trazodone 100mg later for sleeping. It&#039;s been 3 1/2 years now and I&#039;m married now and taking care of both of my daughters, my grandson, and my husband. It truly has changed my life to stable and normal."
"I didn&#039;t have a BM in three days so I took one pill around 6 pm. I went to bed that night feeling sick and cramping. I woke up at 1 am thinking I was about to have a BM. I didn&#039;t so I took two more pills. I went to bed and I woke up around 6:30am. By 7 o&#039;clock came I had a BM and I literally sat on the toilet for three hours. I finally felt so much better. I didn&#039;t stop having diarrhea till midnight."
"This pill worked fine for birth control, but I felt really down for about 2 weeks before my period. My mood swings were horrible."
"My treatment for first episode psychosis started with olanzapine (Zyprexa). It was working really well but was leading to side effects amongst which weight gain was the most significant amongst them. So, eventually aripiprazole was started and I am on it for a while. It seems to be a good medicine with very few side effects and it has worked really well."
"My mom is 94 we started her on this medication because she was confused to the point of argument mostly in the late afternoon till bed time. After 5 days of treatment she seamed to be worse starting when she wakes up.  Not sure what to do except to call doctor on Monday to ask what we should do."
"This is my first colonoscopy can&#039;t thank my  Dr. enough!! "
"I started this pill a month ago and have now just started my second strip. I started this pill as I started to get a few spots on my t zone and cheeks and wanted to have clear skin. I visited my doctor and she gave me the yasmin pill, biggest mistake of my life. I have severe acne in all areas of the face, very red and dry including many black and white heads. I seem to have noticed that in my 7 day break that my acne went down quite abit so I have decided to stop this pill. Worst experience ever"
"This was my first birth control ever, so at the time I didn&#039;t have anything to compare it to. Looking back, it was a pretty bad experience. I have problem skin, and this drug gave me pretty extreme hormonal acne around my jawline that only got worse overtime.Please be careful if you have past experience with acne or if you notice the acne isn&#039;t going away!!! I got acne scars that are just now fading. I also noticed that it nearly completely killed my sex drive and put me in a generally depressive state. It might work for some people, but I urge you to try multiple types of birth control before you settle for one, because something you take everyday should not leave you with such bad side effects."
"I discovered two genital warts, one on the shaft and another at the base. I went to get them frozen off and was clear for a few months but then they returned and I had developed up to about 7. I went back and used the liquid nitrogen treatment and was prescribed the imiquimod cream. I have been using it for the past 4 months now and have not seen any progress other than some irritation, redness and scabbing. I am almost out of my prescription and have another appointment lined up to make another attempt. It has been very difficult on me emotionally and on my relationship with my partner and hope it will eventually work and have it all go away. I am trying to be patient but there really isn&#039;t much else I can do."
"My 12 year old son has been having migraines for 2 years now.    At first it was only once every few months. However, it progressed to once or twice a week - with vision aura and speech disturbance.  I took him to a Pediatric Neurologist and he said it was likely from puberty.   He prescribed 500 mg of Depakote ER.   It seemed to start working right away.  It has been almost 2 months now and he has only had one migraine now in almost 2 months. Far better than before.  
He hasn&#039;t had any of the noticeable side effects - hair loss, weight gain. He takes it before bedtime. It is hard to get him up in the morning but don&#039;t know if that is from the medicine or from going to bed too late!"
"After decades of debilitating anxiety, a psychiatrist put me on Klonopin. I have now been on this medication for about 15 years, and my anxiety rarely affects me anymore.  Unlike other anxiety meds, I have not had to increase my dosage, and have absolutely no side effects. This medicine has been a life saver for me."
"Savela has made a major difference for my fibro pain. I take 2/ day as well as gabapentin."
"Started this medication in November of 2016. So far I have lost almost 30lbs. It works. It completely takes your mind of food. You still want to eat but not the constant obsessive thinking about eating and what you&#039;re going to eat next . I like to think this is what normal weight people must eat like. The weight has just slowly and steadily come off for me with minimal effort on my part other than reducing what I&#039;m consuming.
My side effects have been minimal: slight tingling in fingers and toes occasionally, loss of concentration periodically, dry mouth sometimes but all of these things have been minor inconveniences and worth the weight loss and how I feel, overall given the pros and (serious) cons of this drug I would recommend."
"I have just started this medicine today and I am hoping to have positive results. It is an expensive medication as it cost me $118 for a 30 day supply. I figured I will try it for 30 days to see what it does. I am in desperate need of help. I am a 38 year old female that is 5&#039;5 and 294Lbs. I have low thyroid which does not help with motivation and I have lots of back pain that makes it hard to walk any distance. It is probably just in my head because today is just day one but I already feel like my head is in a positive place, I feel motivated and I only ate half my lunch because I felt very content and full. Hoping for positive results!! Good luck to everyone!"
"I have never personally taken this medication. However, my mother recently was prescribed to Marinol after other medications provided no relief from chemo induced nausea. Her first dose took about 3 hours to kick in (which is a long time when you&#039;re nauseated) but after that she&#039;s been a brand new person. I&#039;m guessing it takes those first few hours to get fully in your system. She takes it twice a day and has had little to no nausea."
"I was not feeling the effects until two weeks on chantix but shortly after I started not caring if I smoked a cigarette. It became more of a habit then need. I have been smoking for 13 years and have tried the patches, gum and electronic cigarette nothing worked like this. I have successfully quit and haven&#039;t felt the need to smoke even around other smokers."
"I had been on the pill since I was 14yrs old for excruciating period cramps along with extremely heavy bleeding (I could go through a super plus tampon in 20min!) Now, at 23, on May 9th I had the Mirena inserted. The procedure was extremely painful to the point that I felt like I was going to pass out, my hands were clammy, and I had a death grip on the sides on the exam table. (I don&#039;t have any kids). To date, I have gained 30 pounds and nothing I have done to lose it has worked. I&#039;ve lost 40+ pounds twice in my life, so I know how to lose it. I&#039;m also tired ALL the time. I can literally nap at any point in the day. And I have painful ovarian cysts (which I knew was a side effect prior). Seriously considering taking it out."
"On my 2nd package of 5 day Z pack, it is working but slow to act.  This is a bad infection, it had been on and off for past 6 months.  I will need another refill today or my Dr. may try another option.  I can not take any cyllin drugs.  This sinusitis is a chronic problem.  I was experiencing this problem almost yearly every fall/winter then stopped for past 5 years.  Now it is  back with vengeance..."
"I have dealt with depression, anxiety, social phobia or social anxiety which ever label they want to use for it these days. I have dealt with these issues pretty much since kindergarten. Well mainly the extreme social phobia/anxiety at that time which they used to just call &quot;shy&quot;. When I was 18 and was seeing a psychologist he diagnosed me as having agoraphobia, I&#039;m guessing because they really didn&#039;t have the term &quot;social phobia/anxiety&quot; at that time. I finally started taking Paxil and it worked good for 10 yrs then I maxed out on dosage and it stopped working. Tried all the other SSRI&#039;s/SSNRI&#039;s. Effexor XR worked best but didn&#039;t help anxiety/or social phobia issues. Got on Klonopin, then Xanax eventually. Benzodiazepines are life savers for socialphobia."
"Well after I was told I needed mirena for heavy bleeding and being anemic I was scared to death. The reviews of this medication can scare anyone out of trying it. I had my tubes tied 8 years ago and did not need birth control but was told by my obgyn that it was less invasive than an ablasion which I really did want. I decided to give it a go! My OB said not to be scared. That every woman will have different reactions to this! I needed to have day surgery to have this inserted as my cervix was closed up too much to have it put in the office. Well it&#039;s been 6 weeks and it&#039;s been great. I spotted for 10 days after the procedure and nothing since. I was scared of weight gain, hair loss, and acne but nothing has changed!! Please give it a try!"
"When they ask me to say how effective this medicine is I got confused. I mean I&#039;m not pregnant so it is effective  Lol "
"This medicine saved my life!!! I&#039;ve had terrible migraines since I was 16 and I&#039;m now 24. I&#039;ve tried so many medications and nothing worked to prevent them. The Triptans relieve the pain but only after the migraine starts. Verapamil is the only medicine that has completely blocked my migraines. I definitely recommend this! I&#039;ve never had any side effects with it either."
"Early pregnancy loss was a huge issue. I have been on prometrium since day after ovulation. I am 18 weeks pregnant. Drs wanted me to stop at 14 weeks I had extra and continued. I ran out for two days and started having contractions. My Dr decided it was best to stay on prometrium due to evidence of risked preterm labor."
"I have been on lutera for 8 months now and so far my experience has been great! My obgyn switched me from safyral to this because it was over $100 a month. But my periods are only 5 days long with a medium to light flow. I bled extremely heavy before ever on the pill. I have had no weight gain, actually lost 2 pants sizes, no unusual mood swings, breasts went down a cup size but seem perkier, and no babies. The only thing I have noticed is a little bit of breast tenderness before my period and I only get slightly moody at PMS time. It has been a good pill for me so far. Every woman is different, but I highly recommend this pill."
"My wife was put on Junel by her OB doctor and only took it for about one week. It made her feel extremely sick - nausea, vomiting &amp; flu-like symptoms. During the one week that she was taking Junel she ended up developing a blood clot that went to both her lungs and was hospitalized with bilateral pulmonary embolisms. Luckily she recognized that something was wrong and went straight to the ER and was diagnosed quickly and started on anticoagulants which she now gets to take for 6 months to 2 years. The doctors state that Junel was definitely a contributing factor to the blood clots. People frequently die from pulmonary embolisms if not treated in time and now my wife is at a higher risk for future clots...Think twice before using Junel"
"Taking this for sinusitis.  I am an adilt taking in suspension, as I have trouble swallowing pills.  It says grape and is purple in color but it tastes terrible.
"
"This drug may be that comes from Heaven, but you must have insight in order to you may have no barrier to take this nearly perfect drug."
"I&#039;ve been on Antabuse for a few months now, after 4 x rehab, suicidal attempts and getting obese because of drinking (I could add a lot of other horrible things happening in my life because of my drinking) and I&#039;m only 30. I have a will to have a normal life, therefore I make that little effort and I take that white pill every morning. 
One thing that surprises me when reading what others have written is a statement that &quot;everybody tries to drink on disulfiram&quot;. No, not everybody. Apart from the fact that I can&#039;t drink at the moment, I also don&#039;t want to drink. If somebody is still trying to drink despite all of the side effects then I&#039;m sorry to say that but the sobriety won&#039;t last long."
"I am 53 years old.  I started having issues with ED a few years ago.  I tried using Levitra and Cialis, and it was hit or miss.  Once I started using Sildenafil OMG.  I feel young again.  I love taking it on Friday night.  I haven&#039;t had this much fun in a long time."
"It did stop the asthma, but it took some of the color from my teeth. I also gained weight. I&#039;m off of it and back on Intal."
"I&#039;ve had asthma since I was about four (now fourty) and it&#039;s been terrible. Mostly triggered by allergies. Been on every cortico you can think of. I&#039;d go through three rescue inhalers a month.  I&#039;ve been on Breo for about four months and have had two rescue inhalers filled.  I can exercise withought using it, I can sleep at night and I have gone days with completely forgetting I had a rescue inhaler.  It has been a miracle drug.  It is expensive though but my doctor gave me a discount card and it&#039;s free now.  My only issue is when its very cold and you work your bronchi hard outside, it hurts but it&#039;s worth it.  Also you can build an immunity to it and it starts to not work as well after the four or five months.  BUT it still works well."
"I was previously on tri-cyclen until they switched me over to tri-sprintec. At first I hadn&#039;t noticed a difference between the two, but about a few weeks in I noticed that I started to feel a lot more nauseous. Now that I am about a month into tri-sprintec I&#039;ve had about all the symptoms in the book. I have had increased negative mods swings which have put a big damper on my relationship almost causing me to lose a person I love over dumb stupid fights which are caused by me being very irritable throughout the day. Every night this week I&#039;ve cried for no reason and I constantly feel depressed and my anxiety has been very bad. My boobs are constantly sore, my discharge smells disgusting, I can barely eat, and I&#039;m always angry. Do not use!"
"Well I have been trying to lose weight for 4 years, since my hysterectomy.  I had tried everything, Phentermine, Plexus and so much more.  Nothing even budged the scale 1 pound.  Well I finally found a doctor who listened to the fact that I only eat about 1300 calories per day and still couldn&#039;t lose weight.  I chase 6 kids and am active outdoors and yet there was still no change.
Skeptical at first because after spending the $90.00 for my first prescription, I only saw a budge of about 0.7 pounds in the first week.  I began with Contrave on July 11 and as of today I am taking 2 in the morning 1 in the evening and I am down 7.3 pounds.  I still have a long way to go but at least the scale is now going down."
"I like the convenience of only having to take the once a year infusion.  I have had no noticeable side effects."
"I had Implanon since July 07 and I 100% love it. I got it after having an abortion and not wanting to have to make that type of decision again. After I 1st got it, I was period less for 3 months, and since then, my period comes every 4-6 weeks for about 5-7 days, but no weight gain, mood swings, or acne, until 1 or 2 days prior to my period starting, so I just chalk it up to PMS. Other then that, I love not having to thing about pregnancy or remembering to take some pills or get a shot. I highly recommend it."
"I&#039;m 28 years old. No children.  I switched from the nuva ring to the mirena. I&#039;ve had the mirena for 10 months. Insertion was not painful for me, just try and relax (I rested my arms above my head and it helped my cervix open more). I had one day of painful cramping the first month. For 8 months I had normal/lighter periods once per month. The past 2 months I have been spotting and bleeding almost everyday with abdominal cramping. It&#039;s like having a period every week for 8 weeks. I&#039;ve had the mirena placement double checked and had a abdominal check up; nothing abnormal found. Still bleeding/spotting now, but it&#039;s manageable. Hoping this will pass."
"I have been on Lamictal for 7 months now.  I noticed a drastic difference when the medication hit full potency.  It was like night and day.  I am still scared to death I might have a low.  I don&#039;t think I could make it through another."
"I love this product. I&#039;ve been getting cold sores for years and every time I felt one coming on I felt hopeless! Now when I feel the tingling/itchy I immediately use my Abreva and the cold sore never comes out! The trick is to use it as soon as you feel the tingling and you will be good!"
"I suffer an array of chronic pain / low back and leg issues - My doctor, after many failed attempts of finding the right medication for me, used this in conjunction with the muscle relaxant Robaxin and in the first three days there was notable significant relief of virtually all pain. I continue to take 75mg twice a day and I feel like I have my life back again. This medicine has been a blessing."
"Ibuprofen bothers my stomach so I tried Aleve/naproxen some years back and as to this day it works better then anything else, over the counter, that I have taken. It may not take away all the pain but it takes that evil edge off so the pain becomes less likely to make me vomit. I take Aleve in the morning to prevent the pains and again when I do get the pains. "
"Really helped my Irritable Bowel Syndrome symptoms!"
"I have had GERD for almost one year, and this med is the only one that seems to be working for me, as always its not 100% effective since I still have night symptoms sometimes, but its way better than any other med out there ( I&#039;ve tried out omeprazol and lansoprazole, and no one of them  were efficient for me). 
On the other hand, I didn&#039;t notice any important side effects, the only one mentionable is some queasiness when I&#039;m  in the bus/car and I&#039;m not watching the road ( I&#039;m looking to the phone), which is something I&#039;ve experienced very rarely before starting the esomeprazole treatment."
"I have used the Ortho Evra patch 2 years ago and I loved it, did not fall pregnant and had no side effects, but I went back to using it again six(6) months ago, my sex drive has drastically dropped and suffering from vaginal dryness for the past 3 months."
"Hey gals! In a &#039;the heat of the moment&#039; situation, my boyfriend and I ended up having sex on May 25. He pulled out and wasn&#039;t in for long since it was both of our first times &amp; we&#039;re both in high school, but I was still freaking out. I took the morning after pill less than 12 hours afterwards. Then we ended up having a repeat of this situation May 30. So again, I took the pill. This time it was about 12 hours later though. I waited anxiously, but reading these reviews really helped me. I was sure I was pregnant. My periods irregular, so I wasn&#039;t sure when to expect it. I experienced cramps, moodiness, frequent urination, nausea, and fatigues. Now it&#039;s June 6th and I just got my period. Don&#039;t stress ladies, just let the pill do its job! :)"
"I was prescribed 100mg/2x a day for 7 days to treat a pelvic pain/UTI. It worked, but a couple of days later the UTI returned. The doctor prescribed a second week of 100mg/2x a day for an additional week, during that week, I experienced fever, chills, severe headache, confusion, major nausea and vomited twice.  I went to Urgent Care tonight, because it feels like a pill has been stuck burning my throat for 3 days.  The Urgent Care doctor acknowledged swollen glands, and raw, bright-red throat, and tested for mono and strep-both tests came back negative.  So now I&#039;m home, still in pain, without any answers, just a large medical bill.  If you must take doxy, be aware of the possible side effects.  
I"
"This pill did not work well with my body at all. Before my cramps were pretty bad and I had heavy bleeding for about 3/5 days of my period but I took Aleve and it made it bare-able. I&#039;ve only taken this pill for about a week and I can already tell it is not helping with my cramps or bleeding in the slightest. It made my flow lighter but the cramps and the back pains were worst then when I was not on the pill. &amp; my period would normally end in 5 days max and it&#039;s still going and does not appear to be ceasing anytime soon. I read the reviews and was like ok im gonna try it anyway.. but I clearly should have listened. My period was bad enough for 5 days imagine having it for longer with horrible back pains and cramps."
"It works overall very good for me"
"Very convenient......noted side effects of breast tenderness (bothersome) and increased milky vaginal discharge (am told this is normal)......has improved vaginal dryness and dysparuenia (painful intercourse)."
"Great li&#039;l piece of technology! I&#039;m 63. Viagra was very hit&#039;n miss with me. I tried Cialis and am so pleased. I&#039;m getting erections, random and intentional, just like I did 30 years ago. I&#039;m harder and can come more often than with Viagra. I have found that I can take just 2 x 20mg tabs a week (one on Friday, one on Tuesday) and I am good for the entire week. "
"Took this since 3rd grade. It made me tried and I became depressed. After getting off the pills I became myself again. I took it from 3rd grade till about 8th grade. I&#039;m now in 10th grade with no ADHD meds at all."
"Oxy helped me 120% as the pain would instantly leave me... It was hard getting some as my Dr stopped prescribing but then another gentleman who&#039;s contact I got from an acquaintance all the way from Canada helped me out and that was how I got me a fresh supply of some very potent generics from home... He could be reached here.. drtony6 artgmale d0tc0m"
"I was diagnosed with ADHD in 8th grade and put on 20mg of Concerta which has since risen to 54mg extended release in the day and 10mg immediate release in the evening for when I do my homework. At first the medicine was great- it allowed me to focus and my grades went up significantly. However over the past year or so I have been experiencing negative side effects such as depression, headaches, and loss of appetite. I can manage the headaches and appetite problems but as for the depression, it is so bad that I am considering switching to another brand or changing my dose because when I am on Concerta I become virtually emotionless, and as a result I am struggling to maintain good relationships with my friends and family members."
"I am 23 years and I suffered with severe cyst acne for two years, until finally my dermatologist prescribed tretinoin. I had multiple pimples that would merge into big bumps on my face mainly on both my cheeks and in my jawline. At first I would apply once every other day and gradually every night. After three months there was a dramatic change in my face, all the pimples had faded. What was left was ance scars and marks, I have been using the cream for about a year now and most all my acne scars have faded. Tretinoin is my life saver, before the cream I felt like a monster; I feel like I can show my face to world without shame. I extremely suggest that if you suffer from severe acne don&#039;t stop the treatment, I believe in tretinoin."
"I just started otezla this morning!!! Obviously I haven&#039;t seen any results but I&#039;m hopeful!!! I will be posting every week to let everyone know my results!!! "
"I have calf pain (mainly when sitting) due to small fiber neuropathy. I tried Neurontin, Lyrica, Cymbalta...without any luck. Tramadol provided limited relief, but not nearly enough. Finally I tried Pamelor and after a few weeks the calf pain started to dissipate. I take 100mg/day and the side effects have been pretty mild. The drowsiness tapered off after a few days, but the dry mouth and constipation go with the territory. I get occasional tinnitus as well."
"I have high blood pressure and edema. The hydrochlorothiazide definitely made me lose water weight- about 6-7 pounds but it really seemed to cut sexual desire and often made me nauseous and gave me diarrhea. I had to stop taking it because of the nausea. The night after the first day I&#039;d stopped taking it, my sexual desire returned but when I got up to urinate, I noticed the veins on my penis were abnormally enlarged. The veins went back to normal after that night. I think I had a reverse reaction when my body tried to adjust to the medicine being out of my system. Probably the water had no escape mechanism without the medication."
"Lidoderm patch. Rated 6 and 1/2.   Used for 12 hours then off for 12. This was a fairly good addition to my pain treatment for spinal arthritis. I take NSAIDS, Tramadol and add this towards the end of the day when I feel my spine on fire.  It makes a difference but not sure a big enough difference to justify the cost.
Cons- must wear a non-waterproof patch for 12 hours. Patch is no good if you sweat even moderately as it &#039;unsticks&#039;.  It is not re-appliable, can&#039;t take it off to readjust or for a shower so you have to get it right and time it right.
Pro- It does help in a manner that pain medicines and NSAIDS don&#039;t."
"I Changed to Yaz after my other contraceptive (Levlin) made my skin breakout and made me irrationally emotional. My skin cleared up in 1 month! I didn&#039;t have cystic acne but I always got big patchy breakouts. My skin is so smooth and I&#039;m a lot less emotional lol. I&#039;m also on a whole bunch of medications for epilepsy so the fact that this pill can level my emotions is pretty fantastic. I haven&#039;t experience any muscle pain, acne worsening, or any other of the side effects other people have mentioned. Guess it depends on the person. I&#039;ve also noticed it has given me more energy which means I can excerise 5 times a week instead of 3 which is also much healthier for me! Definately give Yaz a try!"
"I have been using Lantus La SoloStar for more than 5 years with excellent results. I inject 80 units before bedtime. While the medicine certainly does its job and keeps my sugars in check, I have to agree with the fact that using the plunger mechanism is a nuisance quite frequently. I have large hands so the small hand complaint is not my issue -- it&#039;s a matter of the amount of force required to push the plunger to make it operate that&#039;s the problem. It would be appreciated if the manufacturer would take peoples complaints into consideration and redesign the plunger system. I have used other such pens in the past in an effort to help control my sugars and their plungers were nowhere near as difficult as the Lantus."
"I feel like Klonopin has turned my life around. I suffer from social anxiety. It has given me confidence in my job and in my everyday life. I feel in control and relaxed when I am on this medicine. It&#039;s similar to Xanax but it takes about 40 minutes to an hour to kick in and it lasts a lot longer. Being in crowds doesn&#039;t bother me as much. It sort of slows things down and doesn&#039;t make things so hectic and crazy. Although things may be going on around you, you seem to not notice it as much. It&#039;s unbelievable how different I feel. My dosage is 1mg total a day (super low). I found 0.5mg to be too much so I take 0.25 mg four times a day. I feel like myself again. I&#039;ve had zero side effects with the exception of 0.5mg making me very drowsy."
"Got a trial prescription for Nuvigil 150mg tablets, first day was incredible, but after a few days the effectiveness was greatly diminished.  Still worked but did not have the same effect as day one.  Worried about using it regularly since it is not covered by insurance and without that the cost is outrageous ($330/30 tablets).  Does not leave you nervous like Ritalin, and lasts longer than Provigil. Worth trying if your health care plan covers it."
"Visited the ER due to intense migraine lasting 7 days with 4 impacted wisdom teeth coming in. Face swollen, migraine and intense anxiety went to a different hospital and was hoping for something that WORKED, But got the reglan/benedryl cocktail which made me freak out like a idoit and I cried for anxiety meds when a new doctor came in and denied me anything else and called me a pill popper, although the only meds I&#039;m taking are for my teeth pain (antibiotic and a steroid) and also continued to be rude while still having an outrageous migraine. Home now...hours later...with a migraine still......"
"I give Drysol 100%. This product works. I have been having sweating problems all my life. I&#039;m from Jamaica so I thought it was the climate but then I moved to Canada thinking it&#039;s cold so I will stop sweating. I was so wrong. Thank goodness I found this product. I apply it once a week and I&#039;m dry all the time. At times I find myself feeling my shirt if its dry. It&#039;s amazing. Now I can wear all color T-shirts without the worry of sweat marks."
"I took Latuda 40 mg for a week and then 80 the next week. I had to stop halfway through week 2 because I wasn&#039;t sleeping and I was feeling more agitated. Actually, it made my bipolar worse. I was up and down and up and down within a matter of minutes. "
"After diagnosis of Grave&#039;s Disease I was given Synthroid. Took this alone for 20 years. Dosage was lowered from 0.150 to 0.125 when thought to be causing irregular heart beat. Had an &quot;oblation&quot; of nerves around heart area that was causing irregular beating and remained on 0.125 dosage feeling better. A new Endocrinologist had me add Liothyronine in a custom &quot;compound&quot; dosage of 2.5mcg and lowered Synthroid to 0.112.  One measurement was high the other low hoping to balance the two. Didn&#039;t feel a lot of improvement. Noticed I was more irritable with upset stomach. Tried it for 2 months but quit- wasn&#039;t happy with it.  I&#039;ve started taking it again and have small improvements in mental clarity, regularity, but get migraines."
"I had been suffering from pretty severe anxiety and sleeplessness. I would usually be able to fall asleep but would then wake up 1-4 hours later and never be able to fall back asleep.  I start Zoloft (50, then 100, now 150mg) a little over a month ago and my anxiety is basically gone.  In conjunction with that I started taking Seroquel at the same time for sleep and it has been wonderful.  I started out taking 50mg but am now taking 100mg a night about 30-45 minutes before bed.

Within about a half hour I feel incredibly tired and relaxed, it&#039;s wonderful.  For whatever reason this medication does give me the munchies to watch out for that.  After a couple weeks on the medication I no longer feel drowsy in the morning which is great!"
"I was very skeptical, and have tried everything from diet/exercise to weight loss supplements.  I could lose no weight no matter what.  Even though I&#039;m still not where I want to be, it looks like Belviq helped get me over that &quot;hump&quot; and I&#039;ve lost about 13 pounds in 2 months doing the same routine that I have been.  It does work."
"NUVIGIL is so far my best medication for ADD. I have both Asperger&#039;s Disorder and Attention Deficit Disorder, but NUVIGIL is mostly for my ADD. NUvigil has 1/10 the potency of amphetamine, suppresses hunger more than how much hunger INVEGA would produce, and helps me concentrate. The pill works very well, without the jitters. It also worked as relief for my depression, while taking an antidepressant."
"I have been on Enbrel for about 5-6 years roughly, I use to take methotrexate and Enbrel, then I stick to Enbrel and it has stabled my arthritis. I am doing it now every 3 weeks and I find my joints hurt after taking it.  The best place to do it in my opinion is the upper leg.  Sometimes the area I did my injection would itch but it would dissapear after a couple days. Overall I haven&#039;t had much complaints using this medicine, I used the sure click which makes things easier then the automatic one."
"I was a smoker of 45 years, had tried several times to give up but nothing seemed to work. Eventually I tried Champix and found that they really worked and have never looked back, I have not had a. Cigarette for 5 years now. With Champix, I found giving up relatively easy and wished I knew about Champix sooner."
"I have been using ropinirole for about 2 1/2 years now. I finally can get a good night&#039;s sleep. I take it nightly; I can&#039;t forget to take it because my legs start getting restless. I have had to increase dosage to 2 mg and I have never experienced any side effects to my knowledge."
"I took Uloric for four months. It worked great for gout; however. I have experienced a rapid onset hypertension and increased heart rate (+ 35%). I had no such problems prior to Uloric. I&#039;d rather have gout. Caveat Emptor."
"I just had this inserted recently, so I can&#039;t speak to the long term effects of it, but after reading a review on here from someone who claims the pain &quot;isn&#039;t excruciating&quot;... I beg to differ. I took 400mg of ibuprofen two hours before I was on the procedure table (in hindsight I should have taken 800mg). I am a 21yr old female who has never had children, with extremely light periods that last about 3 days (prior to having this inserted). I nearly passed out from insertion, I was hyperventilating with a death grip on the assistant&#039;s hand and she had to sit with me for about 10 minutes afterwards while I ate a banana and drank water because I couldn&#039;t feel my face and was still dizzy. Have someone on-call to drive you home."
"I too am extremely greatful for these Duragesic Patches. My only recommendation to future recipients is to invest in paper medical tape. These patches have a tendancy to come loose or completely fall off prior to the removal date."
"I was kinda shady to take this pill cuz of all the bad reviews on it. I have IBS so I thought what do I have to lose? So I took one pill and within 10 minutes this terrible nausea hit me. I even ate before I took it and that didn&#039;t help, I was nauseous all day long &amp; I thought scew this I ain&#039;t taking it again so I didn&#039;t. 2 to 3 days later I started having terrible stomach cramps to the point where I wanted to cry. I had diarrhea &amp; also somewhat of stools. So does the drug make you go? Yeah. Are the side effects worth it? No! This is a really powerful drug with way too many side effects. It also gave me a bad headache"
"I was on HUMIRA for three years after 14 years of methotrexate and a mix of other non biological meds. HUMIRA was brilliant however it has recently stopped working so well and my specialist is changing me to another anti TNF biologic. I&#039;m really sad and sorry to leave my humira behind, it gave me a great three years, the best I&#039;ve had since I first got RA. Will wait to see what the new MED is like, fingers crossed."
"I had to jump on the internet after inserting the Miconazole cream (generic brand). The itching and burning was so intense that I thought I might be allergic. Luckily, I didn&#039;t scratch, because I&#039;m reading that it makes it worse. The first 5-10 minutes were rough. Luckily the discomfort has died down for the most part but it comes in waves still - a bit more mild but bearable now. It helped to read reviews. Thanks."
"I was told that this would cause gastroparisis, and it has. 7th week on it and it is so bad that I can&#039;t sleep. Bloated abdomen and sharp cramping pain in upper abd. No appreciable impact on daily blood sugar. No wt loss, rather a gain. Muscle tightness in heck and head, leading to headaches. 
I was doing ok with daily victoza but insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it and made me switch."
"I got my life back with Mobic. I can move again without pain and stiffness."
"Lowered triglycerides by 50%. Severe muscle ache in legs. Discontinued."
"Inserted miconazole 7 and with in 15 minutes the fireworks began. Itching, irritation, burning....torture (why me)!! I googled the symptoms because this type of pain could NOT be normal. Found this site, (thanks God) read the reviews and decided to stick it out and go through the process. After about 50 squats and 20 minutes of twerking for relief "
"Been taking Zomig for about a year for common migraines (without aura, I think). I never know if a serious migraine is coming on, but Zomig seems to work for it all. I break the 5mg pill in half at first if it&#039;s not bad, then take a whole 5mg pill if I wake up to a headache the next day. My headaches used to last 2-5 days switching sides. Imetrex seemed to work but it made my arms and chest feel heavy. Zomig has less side effects and seems to work just as well. I do have a few side effects, but I associate them with relief so they don&#039;t really bother me. A pill will put me out and I&#039;ll sleep really well, my skin gets sensitive to temperature (showers will sting a little), and as soon as the headache subsides I&#039;ll feel a little euphoric."
"This med works better than other pain meds. Knee pain was so bad from implants I was considering getting back on my crutches. No crutches needed and gained back a little energy."
"I have used this medicine for years for many different conditions including bronchitis, boils, bladder infection, sinusitis among a few others.  The problem though, has become since I have used it so many times, I am almost resistant to it and need a larger dose or longer dosing schedule to clear up a more severe case of the ailment.  When it works, it works well."
"I had migraines for years. I tried Imitrex and similar meds but ended up with rebound headaches. It was a vicious cycle. Narcotic meds also did not work. 

Botox was a miracle for me. Within two weeks my migraines had disappeared entirely!  The Botox lasted for 4-6 months. 

I changed neurologists though last month and he had a different method of injection, using twice as much Botox (200 units instead of 100).  Two days later I developed horrible neck pain that progressed from sore to being barely able to hold my head up. I could not look down, bend, brush my teeth, or even turn my head. My head felt as if it weighed 200 pounds. Doctor said it would go away in 2 weeks!  10% of folks get this &quot;side effect.&quot;  I am still suffering."
"I read the reviews and still decided to take the medicine. I was nervous because the reviews made it seem like my vagina would burst in flames. I had no issues once so ever. I took if on my second day of symptoms when my yi wasn&#039;t too bad yet. I put the medicine in at 11pm and it is 6:30am and I have zero pain. The medicine came out when I went to the bathroom after waking up, which was expected, and once again no pain. I don&#039;t know why some women have issues with this medicine but for me it was wonderful. I took it because last summer I had a yi and I read these reviews, was scared and used the 7 day. That was a disaster because it was 4th of July weekend and I was on vacation. I wish I had used the one day and got it over with."
"Did not notice any effect whatsoever."
"I didn&#039;t rate this as a 10 or higher because I just got it put in about 3 hours ago. I had the Mirena for about 6 weeks but I wanted to change it to the non-hormonal paraguard plus it&#039;s effective for 10 years! I have 2 kids my youngest being 4 months I wanted the IUD because I do not want anymore kids. The procedure was painless for me except for a sting/pinch, maybe for me it was painless because of previous births and I also was spotting which the doctor said would make it easier. I had minor cramping for about an hour afterwards I will write again in a month or so to say how it&#039;s been. Hopefully it will be good :)"
"I absolutely love Benadryl. It&#039;s works fast when I need it and relieves the symptoms enough to make me feel comfortable. It does make me sleepy so I take it at night. I do take it during the day occasionally when I know I don&#039;t have to drive anywhere."
"40 year old male. I have been on Belviq for 8 weeks. I&#039;ve lost 20 pounds to date. I had a starting BMI of 32. It has totally removed my night time cravings for food. My biggest problem is late night eating. I usually eat pretty healthy during the day and ruin it at night because I am a night owl and would get hungry late night and would resort to snacks or even worse, fast food. Belviq makes me not think of food all the time and I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m not eating as much during meal time. I try to work out 3 times a week but with my work schedule, it can be hard and some weeks I don&#039;t work out at all. I am happier and can&#039;t wait to lose more. No noticeable side effects here."
"Y&#039;all, this product has worked for me time after time when the condom wants to act a fool! I&#039;ve used this 5x! The most days I&#039;ve gone within having the condom break and taking PlanB is 4 days! The max. for effectiveness is 5! When I take the pill, my period is delayed a week and a few days later then my period due date, always. So don&#039;t worry too much!  During the days leading up to expecting my period to arrive, of course I&#039;m freaking out, but I get bloated, moody, craving foods &amp; sweets-all the symptoms you get when you&#039;re about to get your period anyways! Then BOOM I&#039;m so happy to have my period. The next day I&#039;m like ugggggh. Hate this shit!  ;) I recommend it to anyone, but the sooner the better to swallow this $50 small pill, babydoll&#039;s!"
"I had started taking Contrave because my doctor recommended it when my generic welbutrin stopped working. She said that Contrave contains name-brand Welbutrin and it might help with the energy problem I have. I was scared to take it at first because of all the possible side-effects. I poured over this site reading people&#039;s reviews.
I&#039;ve been taking this med for 2 weeks now, and can say that other than occasional headache, I have no side effects. It really does curb your cravings, and makes you just want to eat less. At first I was taking it an hour after taking Bornine for possible nausea, but turns out I haven&#039;t experienced any nausea yet. I don&#039;t take the med with food, and have no problems.
Will update later."
"I had been on the depo since a young age due to my periods landing me in the ER each month because of vomiting. My body &amp; depo worked well together, so I was disappointed when my gyno recommended me switch to something lighter. Skyla it was. Insertion was painful but over quickly. The after effects are what took me down. Fainting, vomiting, unreal cramping by the time I got to the car &amp; whole first day. Nausea &amp; cramps the next week. Now I just cramp terribly all the time. Every day. For 2 months. That being said, I am thrilled to have mine removed tomorrow. My experience will not be yours, but I do recommend hearing other stories so you can be prepared but do not fear IUDs or your insertion process! Each woman will have her own experience"
"I was diagnosed,  with a panic disorder. I was always well traveled, worked hard and had a great social life, then my life changed over night. You can&#039;t explain to anyone the feeling of complete helplessness unless you are living it. Anyway long story short Lexapro saved my life, even though could not orgasm while taking it and gained 10 kilos, but I was able too come off it after a year. And now I&#039;m living a normal life again."
"The Nuva-ring caused a depression for me after just 1,5 months use. I became depressed a few weeks after beginning, and it only became worse."
"My experience is limited since I have only been on this medication for a few days.  I am a medical resident, diagnosed with ADHD at 32. Got sick and tired of my mediocre performance at work. Tried Straterra, Viibryd and Wellbutrin, nothing worked. Just started on Dexedrine 5mg 2-3 times a day. My first day on it, I studied all day until midnight. I was so motivated, I felt great, on top of the world, I was so driven. I noticed an immediate difference in my performance at work and it made me a nicer, less cynical. The bad thing was insomnia, teeth clenching, some nausea, decreased appetite and the drop in my mood once it wore off. I am worried about intolerance which is driving up my anxiety level. "
"Excellent and fast working. It does what its suppose to do."
"First of all, I know it&#039;s scary, and it&#039;s hard to not be worry but it works. Im 16. On July, 24th me and my boyfie we did dry humping(skin on skin), no intercourse. He noticed about the pre-cum and wiped it.Few hours later we started worrying bcs some web say that there&#039;s a chance for pregnancy just by rubbing. I never calculate my cycle, but I&#039;m pretty sure it was 1-2 days after ovulating. +/- 14 hours later, I took the pills. Without food. After I took it, the rest of the day I feel so sleepy,fatigue,nausea,loss of appetite, slight headache. For few days later I feel bloating, and some minor headache. My period due is around 24/6, and today,27/6 I got my period. Note: Since 24/6 I took vitC&amp;warmwater+honey. It helps to induce period."
"This medication definitely was effective in taking away the symptoms of urgency after I had a urinary procedure done. It worked pretty fast within 30min. However the side effect if &quot;fluttering heart&quot; was very negative for me as I have an anxiety disorder so the heart palpitations triggered me to get very panicky. The side effect starting after an hour of taking it and subsided about 2-3 hrs afterwards. Overall I would recommend this medication because the effectiveness was excellent."
"I&#039;ve been on Vicodin, Percocet, etc. My body doesn&#039;t react to those. I was diagnosed with a cervical strain and was put on this. Absolutely love it for muscle pain. I have arthritis and fibromyalgia and this medicine is great. Also no side effects."
"I was optimistic about Otezla because nothing else worked. I tried Humira, creams, Kenologe injections..everything. The 30day sample pack was like a miracle and then the let down happened. My Psoriasis got so bad that it was bleeding and my depression was crazy. The headaches were everyday and I was screaming and crying for no reason. I stopped the Otezla waited a month and tried it again to make sure I was right. Unfortunately I was correct. Otezla didn&#039;t work for me."
"I had difficulties achieving a full rigid erection since my teens and never found satisfactory treatments until I was 23 when I emotionally opened up to my doctor with tears. I was sent for a Doppler scan of my penis to figure out what&#039;s going on. It turned out my left artery on the left side is narrow and I had a birth defect. My doctor showed me how to inject myself and found my dose of 14 mcg. I have not changed the dosage for 14 years. Viagra, Cialis etc. do not help me due to the birth defect. I use the prostaglandin E1 carefully and I think it&#039;s a great. I gave it 10 rating. It works."
"I&#039;m 57 years old and I&#039;ve been a diabetic for over 20 years and it has gotten harder to maintain an erection. I tried Staxyn a few nights ago and was very happy with the results. For me it worked better than Viagra, Cialis and I&#039;ve even tried injectables. Those were very expensive and not comfortable."
"I love this birth control. I never had any problems other then the one side effect that was cysts on my ovaries, which I took high doses of Motrin for, and they went away within days. I did stop having a cycle for two years but 6 months ago it started up again super light, not a problem."
"After being on Prozac for 5 years( for PMDD, and general anxiety) I took myself off of it against my Doctors better judgement, and thought I was doing okay until a series of moderate to severe anxiety attacks. I saw my doctor and I was prescribed Escitalopram, and the best thing about it is I have NO OCD recurrences and very little high/low emotional disruption. I am posting this because I&#039;m not a &#039;Poster&#039;, or a frequent flyer on forum sites, but I&#039;ve been off my Escitalopram for about 2 weeks. I ran out and the USPS is taking a little more time than usual to deliver. I&#039;m a MESS. Racing thoughts, crying a lot, fidgety. TOTALLY not like myself when I&#039;m on my meds. Escitalopram is the best for me. Don&#039;t stop taking it without your docs okay."
"A miracle drug for my depression!!!"
"I&#039;ve gotten the best sleep of my life on Trazodone. I&#039;ve struggled with insomnia for as long as I can remember. I also take 100mg of Zoloft for depression, general and social anxiety, and OCD. The only downsides for Trazodone are the fact that it makes you a little drowsy for an hour or so after you wake up and it also can give you really weird dreams. Not nightmares, just strange dreams. I feel very energized after the drowsiness wears off."
"Has worked for 5 years.. no side effects!"
"I have been on Brintellix for 9 months, and it has helped my depression tremendously, although the nausea side effect has never gone away.  I have had to take a 4mg Zofran one to two times a day.  At my annual physical, my GP told me to get off the Zofran because there are no studies for long term use of Zofran, and there is a serotonin receptor inhibitor in it.  I take 20mg of Brintellix.  I decide to give it a try, and I can&#039;t stop vomiting.  It is so bad that I took the Zofran to control it.  Today I took a half tablet, and I feel like I&#039;m going to vomit at any time.  I took today&#039;s dose with food.  Has anyone else had this?"
"12/14   Love It! I&#039;m 36, have a Toddler and I am done having children. I was on birth control pills for years,  but as I&#039;m no longer having children Mirena is a great reversible (if you so choose). 
My doctor measured my uterus, cut to Mirena to size &amp; Insertion took less than 2 minutes. A quick pinch &amp; it was done. Your doctors skill &amp; your body dictate the pain level, let&#039;s face it.
 I lightly cramped for a couple days afterward from my body acclimating, but otherwise, I have had zero issues. If you are looking for a long term birth control solution, Mirena is Fabulous!
"
"I was on metronidazole (flagyl) &amp; ciprofloxacin for diverticulitis. Let me start off by saying these two medications together SUCK, however they DO work. I have never had any problems with medications...ever. (in 40 years) This time though, at times, I thought I was dying! Best described as the worst flu ever. Massive nausea, occasional vomiting, diarrhea, exhaustion, horrible taste in my mouth, nothing tasted good, and my appetite was bad. Day 4 was the peak of feeling awful. I went to every review sight trying to gather what worked to curb the symptoms. Everyone is different so what worked for others, didn&#039;t necessarily work for me. Here is what did work for me a bit, in case it can help anyone else. 1.) Try to not take them together. Split up the doses by like an hour or so. 2.) Take each dose with a little food, (even if you aren&#039;t hungry) something bland. DO NOT USE DAIRY PRODUCTS. This made my nausea worse! 3.) Have mints or candy at all times. Your mouth will feel gross and things will taste funny. However, I found spearmints also helped sooth the tummy a bit. 4.) Pepto-Bismol. 5.) Try not to take them immediately before bed at night. Give it about an hour or two. I noticed nausea will wake me up throughout the night if I take them to close to going to sleep. GOOD LUCK, and remember: Your doctor prescribed these for a reason. A reason that could turn into life threatening unless you get it controlled. The worst thing ever is to start taking an antibiotic and then stopping it mid-cycle as your body then becomes immune to it and is essentially ineffective."
"I was given Diprivan as an anesthetic during a recent breast lumpectomy. Apart from some post-anesthetic shivering in recovery (nurses gave me a pre-warmed blanket which worked well) I had absolutely no side effects. Woke feeling bright, alert and hungry. My anethestist agreed it is her anesthetic of choice."
"I decided to use this product after having no relief from Yeast Guard while suffering from a yeast infection. I am writing from my bed with my legs spread wide eagle and after a bath and 800mg Ibuprofen praying for relief. I bought this product at cvs in the morning before going to work. The product states that you can use it either in the morning or night and it&#039;s a 1 day application. Before going to work, I inserted the meds into my vagina and felt a mild burn sensation and a few minutes after that I thought wow I&#039;m finally getting relief from the itching and burning. I was at work and suddenly my vagina was on FIRE. I jumped in my car and sped my way home into the tub. My vagina is STILL burning 2 hrs later."
"I was on lutera for 7 months. First months was ok. I had really sore and enlarged breast but I thought it was normal since my body was adjusting to the birth control. On the 4th month I had anxiety and I kept brushing it off because I thought it came from work stress by the 5th and 6th month I had anxiety almost every single day! I went to the doc and they gave me anxiety meds and antidepressants. Didn&#039;t take the antidepressants because when I took one pill made me so sick! I kept on struggling with anxiety and depression. It&#039;s hard to go to work, hang with family and my boyfriend when you have depression. I got off lutera last Friday and I still feel depressed and anxious. Hopefully in the next couple of weeks I start feeling normal again."
"I have been on Taclonex and urea cream for my psoriasis for over a year now. I have also been receiving light therapy and laser light therapy as well, and it has still not cleared up. Just wondering if anyone else out there has experienced the same thing as myself and have they tried anything else. Sick of Psoriasis...."
"Tough out the first couple days and you ll be feeling better. Great for weight loss too. Dont drink on this. Great for anxiety. Great!"
"This medicine tastes awful."
"It&#039;s okay for light pain."
"I am on my 6th day of Macrobid and I still have symptoms of my urinary tract infections. I have awful headaches, the worst nausea and I&#039;m exhausted when taking this medication. "
"It&#039;s been 3 months and it&#039;s already solving the problem I had for years. Nothing worked for my acne and extremely oily (combination) skin but this. "
"I&#039;ve been taking Lutera for a year and I&#039;m also a first timer. It works great, I used to get very heavy periods with mild cramps almost everyday. Now with Lutera I get lighter periods and almost no cramps. My only side effects are nausea and my fiance has told me that my breasts are looking much bigger. I have noticed that sometimes I eat too much and sometimes too little. My sex drive to be honest is normal. I would definitely recommend Lutera."
"Worked like a charm. No pain, just some warning cramps. Took 1.5tbps, worked in less than 3 hrs. Will use again"
"In my experience I have most often taken the Bupropion XL tablet that is oblong; and that is one that I have absolutely little to none side effects that I actually notice. However, when I got my refill from the pharmacy a few days ago, they filled half of the bupropion prescription bottle up with the normal oblong ones (on the bottom) and the strange round ones at the top. I had to actually research what the inscription on the pill meant to make sure that there hadn&#039;t been some sort of mistake. Anyway, I immediately noticed after taking this round type pill that I feel a &#039;&#039;buzzy&#039;&#039; sensation in my head that is very hard to explain. It is very disconcerting."
"I am 5&#039;1 and weighed 132 lbs when I started taking Fastin after 3 months I had lost down to 107lbs. I never did exercises and I ate any and everything I wanted and the weight just kept dropping. So to me this is the miracle. I would definitely recommend this to anyone."
"While Moviprep is okay at clearing the colon for a colonoscopy, there are two major problems with it. First is cost. This prescription medication costs between $80 and $90 WITH insurance,  which is outrageous and confiscatory given the ingredients. Second is drinking this vile liquid. It tastes so grotesquely bad, it is nearly impossible to choke down, and you have to drink two liters of it. I wish physicians would prescribe one of less-expensive, more-palatable alternatives."
"After many years of severe menstrual cramps and using just about every other NSAID on the market, my doctor prescribed me Ponstel and it was a God-send. It was well worth the extra copay. It was the only NSAID I took, with which I did not have to extra Tylenol with codeine or Vicodin to get relief."
"Qvar was a major disappointment to me. I asked my doctor if I could try it out for my asthma because I had heard that apparently this medication goes deeper into the lungs than most other asthma medications.

Long story short, I could have inhaled water vapor and it probably would have worked better than the Qvar. If it works for you, fantastic; however, unless your asthma is very mild or very complicated, I would not recommend Qvar as a first-line treatment."
"This medication is a game changer. I&#039;ve been on 20 mg once per day (at night works best for me) for about 5 months. It is by far the best medication I have tried. Initially started on 10 mg, and raised my dose 2 months in. 

Pros : Overall heightened mood, more energy, ability to feel array of emotions, no sexual dysfunction (many anti-depressants are famous for cashing this), increases ability to enjoy activities I used to love. 

Neutral : does not treat my anxiety very well alone.

Cons: nausea when starting the medication and increasing dose, more expensive than traditional anti depressants.



Overall, I love this medication. I will definitely continue on it. I have seen a big improvement since trying Trintellix."
"Suffered from severe RlS and hyperactivity for most of my life. It effects all of my immediate male family members and initially clonazepam was like a miracle cure. However I&#039;m not happy taking benzodiazepines daily so i self - prescribed Gabapentin with my doctors knowledge. It works even better than the clonazepam and gives me absolutely amazing sleep too. Only drawback it can negatively effect my cognition so I have to get the balance right with the dosage. NHS have now agreed to prescribe."
"I love you all for your honest reviews and feel relieved that I am not alone! I was on Lo Loestrin FE years ago and did not notice too many side effects except nausea and some breakthrough bleeding. I am now peri-menopausal and am taking this instead of HRT but it has caused months of steady nausea, pain in my lower back, extreme breast tenderness and even terrible gas! It took me a while to put together that all these side effects were caused by this bc. Additionally, I began to feel depressed, anxious and even suicidal. This is not like me! I took the last &quot;blue pill&quot; today and am done with this medicine forever. I&#039;ll take my chances with hot flashes and insomnia or switch back to HRT instead of being on this med every again."
"I almost never experience major side effects from any medications, and I have been off and on many antidepressants over the past 14 years. I was taking zoloft for a couple months, which was helping with my depressive symptoms, but I though it might&#039;ve been giving me sexual side effects, but I wasn&#039;t sure so my doctor suggested trying trintellix. He said it has a lower incidence of sexual side effects.  Well, not only did trintellix give me horrible sexual dysfunction and even lower libido, every time I took this drug for two weeks, I literally felt like I was coming down with the FLU about 15 minutes later.  Headaches, nausea, vomiting, heartburn, feverish.  I really do think this stuff is poisonous, and needs to be pulled from the market."
"I had a breast augmentation and was required to take 10mg 3x day for the first few days after surgery. Never felt any pain. On my bottle it warns of extreme drowsiness- don&#039;t know why this is such a shock to some. I ended up only taking 6 total and have some left over. It&#039;s been 3 years since my surgery but I&#039;m so glad I have some on hand, as I threw out my shoulder. Yes, it will either knock you out, or keep you up. You&#039;ll feel hungover either way. But it does what it&#039;s supposed to do; if you&#039;re in enough pain, it&#039;s worth the relief."
"I have been using this medicine for about 6 months. I had 1 toenail on each foot affected. It causes swelling in my ankles and knee.  I have seen an improvement on my left foot but not that much on my right, but I used it for the same amount of time. It is swelling my feet too much. I will be stopping the use of it today. My doctor wanted me to hang in there with it. But I can not walk with this product. I switched to putting it on at night, I thought that would help the swelling but it has not. Too difficult to walk with the swelling."
"I&#039;d like to issue a warning to anyone using this medicine. Be aware that it can cause akathisia, a movement disorder characterized by extreme restlessness, the constant need to move, anxiety and severe dysphoria. I had no name for my problem, and it was difficult to describe. I consulted my doctor and described the basic symptoms but he told me that it was my bipolar disorder causing this problem, not the medicine. He proceeded to tell me that the medicine was simply becoming ineffective. A week or two after I stopped this drug I felt better.

If you are prescribed this medication and experience ANY signs of akathisia (google it if you have to), be adamant with your doctor that the symptoms appeared after you started taking the medicine."
"This works for me with very few side effects."
"Physician was wary of keeping me on steroids on the face since the dermatitis and eczema was still coming back.

She gave me Elidel and it worked really well, things cleared up within a few days. Initial side effects were application burning and itching, but skin got used to it and I don&#039;t get that anymore.

I kept on it for several weeks and the dermatitis didn&#039;t return by itself. 

I still use it for any missed spots of eczema or dermatitis that flares up. It&#039;s safe to use on top of my Avar LS wash, so now lots of my dermatitis and eczema is under control with this combo.

A personal positive side effect is that it inhibited hair growth on my upper lip where I used it."
"This was my third breakout ever! And worst ever. I am 24 yrs old if that helps. Well a small sore began to develop on my bottom lip.  Friday morning my doctor prescribed Valtrex 500mg every 12hrs. I took 1000mg by 10am. Second dose by 8pm.It is now 12:45 pm Saturday and my lip is almost back to its normal size and it is almost completely dry and in scabbing stage. Dont hesitate!"
"Blessed and complete sleep."
"Hello peeps what can I say ive suffered from major depression all my life well since was  18 I had been on numerous medications nothin seemed to work then my doctor said try these mirtazapine the low levels didnt work im on 45mg and have been for 9 years they help u sleep give u a great appetite at night basically they stop u from thinkin ur goin of ur rocker I still get highs an lows through out the day I still think im bipolar with the moodswings example jekel/hide.They really do help in so many ways but the withdrawals can be bad I get severe stomach cramps feel nauseous.also feels like ur loosing ur mind and ur anxiety levels can go up"
"I absolutely love the nuva ring and have been using it for one year. I did notice slight mood changes at first, but my moodiness eventually went away. My doctor taught me a great tip for inserting it. If you use a tampon applicator (minus the tampon and replace with the ring) to insert, it works great! It has never fallen out during sex. However, it has to be the plastic kind. Definitely noticed an improvement in my skin as well!"
"It was an utter nightmare. I got heavy dissociation, felt like zombie just from one dose and couldn&#039;t shake it off for two days. It made me feel like I was sleepwalking and gave me more anxiety. I stopped it immediately. It was the worst I&#039;ve ever felt. I then continued on SSRI&#039;s and had way better experience. My doctor made mistake with this prescription. Hope nobody else is given the wrong medication like I was."
"While Moviprep is okay at clearing the colon for a colonoscopy, there are two major problems with it. First is cost. This prescription medication costs between $80 and $90 WITH insurance,  which is outrageous and confiscatory given the ingredients. Second is drinking this vile liquid. It tastes so grotesquely bad, it is nearly impossible to choke down, and you have to drink two liters of it. I wish physicians would prescribe one of less-expensive, more-palatable alternatives."
"Took Dexilant delayed release 60mg for 8 days and experienced diarrhea and stomach pain starting the third day.  Hoped it would resolve after a few days but did not.  Have continued to have abdominal pain and now constipation and strange-colored stool (white to clay) for more than a week after stopping the medicines.  Back to omeprazole for me and then to my doctor if this doesn&#039;t stop soon.  Dexilant did not work for me."
"Foggy/ blurred vision/ vertigo/ itchy skin/ muscle aches/ swollen ankles w/ kidney pain/ when on 50mg four times daily....much better when switched to 25 mg twice daily



Bad Hives/ with Solco Labs/25mg bid....off now. 

The unfortunate issue is when you have to change pharmacies due to insurances you have, and the labs that make the drug aren&#039;t available at the new pharmacy. Different issues can pop up due to ingredient differences/different makers. This is what I have had to work with as well as adjusting dosage to alleviate side effects."
"Back Pain - This medicine works fine at first, then you build a tolerance and it doesn&#039;t work at all. In fact I stopped taking them all together when taking way more than recommended didn&#039;t help."
"I began taking this drug at the 1.2 mg level. Within a half day I began having serious side effects. I thought I had a very bad virus. I had headache chills nausea vomiting diarrhea insomnia. I missed 3 days of work. I stopped taking the drug. A month later I tried it again at the .6 mg level. First half day ok w just no appetite but then all happened again- vomiting and this time cold symptoms. I began having horrible diarrhea last night and called off work today. This is 48 hours after I stopped taking it. I threw rest away this drug feels like poison to my body"
"When I first started this on 10mg, I had bad sides. Insomnia, crawling skin, heart palpitations and shallow breathing. I think a lot of it was in my head and from reading too much about side effects. My doctor wanted me to go back on Celexa but I had already been on Lexapro 3.5 weeks so I asked my doc if I could stick with it. He bumped my dose up to 15mg and its now been 2 weeks on 15 mg and it has helped ALOT with my anxiety and panic attacks. I can now actually function at work. Give it a chance. I&#039;m no doctor but for me it took over 4 weeks. It worked! Hang in there."
"Atralin has a really nice consistency, seems to be mildly moisturizing, and didn&#039;t irritate my skin, perhaps because I&#039;d been using a much milder tretinoin compound already.  I love the improved texture of my skin after nine months of use.  Rather than irritating my rosacea (I&#039;m 51 years old), it speeds up the sloughing that I experience so that the episodes are shorter.  My doctor and I discovered years ago that adding a tretinoin compound improved the results from using the rosacea product.  Incredibly expensive but worth it."
"Started taking Keppa (750mg twice daily) alongside Lamictal (250mg twice daily) as the latter medicine was not 100% efficient to control partial seizures. Although the Keppra seems to have stopped the seizures completely, there are many side effects to be aware of. Drowsiness, tiredness and irritability/moodiness are extremely common, so that is often a downer, especially when you&#039;re trying to enjoy yourself. Depression is difficult to identify as dwelling on the side effects on the leaflet only makes you feel worse! Overall, an effective medicine for treating epilepsy but I had many bad side effects."
"Just diagnosed with metastasized prostate cancer. Have been on Casodex for 11 days today (will be on it for 30 days). The only side effect (at least so far) was fatigue for the first 5 days, nothing now. My urinary symptoms (delayed start, dribbling, weak stream, urgency &amp; frequency) have all improved dramatically over these 11 days. Received my first shot of Lupron today (7.5mg) and am hoping for the best. That will be my next medicine review in about two weeks."
"At one mg, it completely removed all signs of depression and the side effects and feelings of lack of control associated with the depression. Although similar to moving into a new house, it was easy to get used to it and greatly simplified daily routine for the most part. Does not help with PMS associated lack of concentration but enhances concentration overall at this low dosage and makes it easy to focus on relationship problems also, although no drug can change the other person. "
"I&#039;m 31 weeks pregnant and developed a YI. The doctor on call told me to get this stuff. Immediately after application I was filled with regret. It honestly felt like someone was taking a cheese grater to the interior and exterior of my lady parts. Why?! Seriously! I don&#039;t understand why this is okay. Does this pain occur with every application for all 7 days? I definitely can&#039;t tolerate that. I think I&#039;m going to call the doctor tomorrow and beg for ANY other treatment that&#039;s safe during pregnancy."
"Once again I fell for a product despite knowing better. There is no such thing as a weight loss pill. Nothing. Weight loss comes from modified diet and exercise. There&#039;s no magic pill. Not only didn&#039;t I lose any weight... I GAINED another 10 lbs.

This was a waste of money and I suspect messed with my metabolism in the process. The makers of this placebo should refund all our money. Total con."
"I have been suffering with outrageous anxiety and depression of and on for years. I have tried zoloft and used xanax until it didn&#039;t work anymore. I was just about to give up and felt like I was losing my mind when I was prescribed Wellburtrin XL 300mg only in the generic. I had taken it for two months and felt NOTHING. I was desperate. Then a friend who also uses it said to switch to the name brand. I kept reading how after 3 days you feel different, and I DID TOO! I hope this continues because I am feeling so much more relaxed and more like myself. I have stress, but it is not burying me and throwing me into panic. Listen, the generic does not work at all. You have to get the name brand! Hope this helps someone."
"Unfortunately, I had a very bad reaction to Zomig, including shortness of breath and severe dizziness. This might not be the case for everyone."
"well I&#039;ve been on this for a few months, and I&#039;m not pregnant so I guess it works. but I&#039;m not having sex in the first place because I have not stopped bleeding since I got it!! I&#039;ve lost hair, I&#039;ve gained weight, my back and stomach hurt all the time and I am literally psychotic my emotions never stop. Do yourself a favor and just keep up with a pill everyday"
"I&#039;m 38 and have been suffering from bipolar and some schizophrenia since age 12. First time in my life that a pill other than a painkiller took away the crushing pressure pinning my dreams, my soul, to the ground."
"My son has tried everything for ADHD. Vyvanse wears off too quickly and Adderall XR made him moody. We tried the dissolvable tablet but he hated the gritty orange flavor. As a last resort to going back to Vyvanse, the pediatrician put him on the new long acting Dyanavel XR. It lasts all day which is great for all the middle school homework he has in the evenings. My favorite thing about Dyanavel is that he still has his appetite and is sleeping well. The copay card made it cheaper than a generic too!"
"I went thru a horrible domestic violence issue with someone I loved very dearly in the end I lost my home and everything  in my life it left my daughter and I homeless. I felt soooo lost , hopeless , emotions all over the map and  The depression  I was experiencing was soooo severe  and the anxiety was at a whole new  height thru the roof this medicine saved my life I wanted to die the pain and emptiness  I  felt inside was like nothing I have ever felt before.  I have battled depression my whole life nothing  ever worked but this medication  was prescribed  to me along with Buspar and it has helped me tremendously It levels me out and I dont feel sooo hopeless  . My emotional  state has improved tremendously"
"Took metronidazole 500 mg for seven days three times a day, oh boy did it clear my BV. This is a strong pill, I suggest to take it with a meal. The only side down of this medication is that it gave me an headache, dry mouth (no matter how much water I drank), feeling fuzzy, and made me emotional. I was strongly told by the doctor do NOT take any type of alcohol while taking this pill for two weeks. Which I followed. I know not everyone is the same, but it did help me clear my BV.... thank goodness"
"I went on the Liletta July 17th, 17. I was told I needed to be on my period when I got on it and I did. Insertion was absolutely painful and I could barely walk after. I got medication to help open up my cervix and I completely forgot all about taking it but they told me it would be okay anyway. I took 600mg of meds. My doctor also numbed me. I&#039;m 23 and have had one child vaginally. I went to work the next day and the pain was so bad I almost passed out. The rest of the week was completely unbearable. I was kneeling over in pain with horrible cramps. Week 2 was okay occasional cramping here and there. This is week three. I started spotting on the seventh and on the 8th I was still spotting. On the 9th I was full blown bleeding a week early."
"Chill guys! The condom broke the other night and I ended up big time inside her.i was freaked too but just got this so all should be OK . GL"
"I had tried over 15 other medications including lithium before going on abilify to stop severe episode of mania. I have been on 30 mg dose for 10 years with no side effects and no manic episodes since starting this med. It is definitely my &quot;miracle&quot; drug. I also took cymbalta for 9 years with fairly good results, but still experienced some depression. recently switched to pristiq which seems to be working so far. Also take focalin for attention and xanax for sleep. I work full time in a high-stress environment and was able to finish a doctoral degree with this med. I wish I knew more about the long-term effects. But I won&#039;t change it for anything."
"Truly the worst medication I have ever been on.. I had all of the bad side effect diarrhea in the middle of the night had to change the sheets, nightmares so bad that I slept with the lights on, brain zaps, migraines still to this day even after being off of this medication for 2.5 years. Dizzy spells, Black outs, I couldn&#039;t even drive while taking this. I&#039;m sure there is more. I weaned myself off of this medication against my Doctors orders because he was convinced that this was a miracle drug needless to say he is no longer my Doc."
"I was on Yaz for 2 months. My acne got worse, and I had terrible breast tenderness, to the point where I couldn&#039;t wear a bra or sleep on my side or stomach. I switched to Loestrin Fe which is working wonderfully."
"I recently had an attack while on a commerical airplane. I always loved to fly and travel, this scared the wits out of me.  I felt like I was going out of my mind. I needed to be off that plane and there was no place to go.  I talked to my doctor and they prescribed Lexapro and Xanax. Xanax helps in social situations, I always feel like I am being judged or watched, which is very uncomfortable.  I am still scared to fly.  "
"I&#039;ve taken this 2-3 times. The first few times mild cramping occurred but nothing major. The most recent occurance resulted in cramps immediately afterwards and bleeding, I mean heavy period type, 5 days after I took it, a mere 2 weeks after I had started my last cycle. The bleeding lasted about 4 days. I thought perhaps it had reset my cycle but nope, got my &quot;normal&quot; period a few days early and it has been the most painful and heaviest I&#039;ve experienced in some time. 

Obviously Plan B works, although I have no idea whether or not I was even at risk of being pregnant. Just know it will possibly upset your cycle."
"I&#039;m 38 years old and have been taking Nora-BE for 10 months. I have never been pregnant, and do not plan to have children.  I chose this pill because I was looking for a progestin only option with low hormones.  My Dr also suggested it as a safer option because I am a smoker.  Overall, my experience has been pretty positive on this pill. Way less mood swings than other pills I have been on.  I get a period about every 28 days for about 5-6 days that is heavy for about 3 days and lighter the last 3 days. No spotting between periods. My sex drive increased after the first month and has remained strong. Some breast tenderness and back pain about a week before my period. Worst part: weight gain of 15 lbs and some facial hair and acne."
"I had a mishap with my boyfriend on Sept.4 where he came inside of me and immediately ran to CVS to get the Plan B. I took the pill within an hour of the accident.  I&#039;m not sure whether it was a mixture of the Plan B and my regular birth control (which I started Sept.5) but the side effects hit me hard. I was extremely naseuas and fatigued. I mean to the point where any physical activity was draining. This went on for the next two weeks with mild cramping in between. The side effects subsided a bit but I am happy to say that my period came today Sept.29 only a day late! I am well over the &quot;weight limit&quot; for the pill and it worked for me and I was very fertile according to my ovulation calend. Hope this helps someone ease their minds a bit!"
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for 2 weeks now &amp; have been great ! I did a lot of research before I started. I take it at night since your body is more prone to sickness taking it right in the morning. I haven&#039;t had any nausea or huge side effects. I was SO HUNGRY the first week. I would eat dinner take the pill then get immediately hungry again. But now that has gone away and it&#039;s just a pill to me. If this pill makes you sick , try changing how you take it or when. Try everything before you give up."
"I&#039;m on day 6 of my medication and it has worked wonders. I had a strong fishy smelling discharge for two months, that lasted all day. Literally on DAY 2 of my medication the odor and the discharge disappeared! I didn&#039;t have to keep changing underwear or wiping off my undies anymore. This medication gave me my life and confidence back. The taste of the medicine is pretty bitter if you let it sit on your tongue, so have your water ready so you can drink it fast. Also eat a small meal before to avoid nausea. NOT AFTER. The first 2 days I ate after and felt like I just couldn&#039;t make it through the day. After that I tried eating before and the nausea didn&#039;t come back. Hope this helped!"
"I am in my 6th year of severe hot flashes.  I had a least 20 during the day and one every 15 minutes at night.  I couldn&#039;t take estrogen because the risk of stroke.  I tried herbal remedies, Paxil and lexapro.  While on lexapro I had anxiety stacks and severe depression for 3 months being on lexapro for 2 weeks.  It messed with my brain.  I regret taking that and was very frustrated nothing could help hot flashes.  I did some searching on goggle and found gabapentin.  This is a Godsend!  My first night taking it my hot flashes diminished totally.  I take 300mgx2.  One in the morning and one at night.  If I do get a hot flash it last about 10 seconds and very minimal.  I would recommend gabapentin in place of ERT.  "
"I&#039;ve been prescribed 25mg seroquel to replace the Valium I take as when required for anxiety &amp; panic attacks.

STRONG WARNING IF U HAVE YOUNG KIDS. Don&#039;t take it for the first time if U R the ONLY parent around at the time.

I wasn&#039;t warned by my Psychaitrist &amp; luckily my partner was home when I decided to take it as it completely wiped me out.

I passed out within 40 mins of taking it &amp; didn&#039;t wake up for 14 hours. I woke up feeling like a zombie. Coffee helped a little. 

I&#039;ve taken it 3 times so far. Maybe/hopefully the tingling feeling after taking it &amp; then passing out will subside over time.

Otherwise yes, it does help subside anxiety. I&#039;m just not sure if that&#039;s because its forced me to sleep &amp; then I&#039;m brain fogged.

Will update later."
"I&#039;ve been skinny my whole life basically. I&#039;m 5&#039;4&quot;, 18 yrs. old and weigh only 98 pounds I asked my doc is there anything I could do to gain at least 10 pounds so I could feel healthier and better about myself. She told me to just learn to love myself more but I guess she didn&#039;t understand that I love everything about me but I would love to put on some extra pounds. Well I started taking these last night and I would highly recommend NOT taking these if you have somewhere to be or something to do. My appetite skyrocketed and I ate everything in sight, but when I&#039;m at least a month into these I&#039;ll update on everything."
"Okay ladies, I have taken this pill twice in the past 2 years..both due to broken condoms with hubby. Both times I took the pill within 3-5 hours of the incident and am happy to report Plan B was effective for me both times. I did experience a pretty nasty headache, dizziness and nausea for the first 48 hours. I know you must be very scared, but try to remain calm and let the medicine run its course. It is highly effective if taken within 24 hrs so DO NOT delay."
"I&#039;ve suffered from crippling anxiety and depression for over a decade.  I have been on every class of psych meds and they all gave me side effects, and didn&#039;t really help much.  I was extremely skeptical and didn&#039;t think this medicine would work.  Man I was wrong!  I was in the process of getting disability, because my anxiety and depression made me home bound.  This med improved me to the point I was able to work and attend school again!  My anxiety was manageable, and my depression came to a stop. I didn&#039;t even have side effects! I&#039;m on 20 mg. I&#039;m glad I tried this, or I wouldn&#039;t have my life back."
"I was originally put on paxil 2 years ago in order to help me gain weight. After taking it for two weeks, with no noticeable effects  (good or bad) I went to light a cigarette and almost threw up. It made me nauseous to even think about smoking. It also seemed to &quot;cancel out&quot; my ADHD medication Vyvanse. However, I still felt alert and awake without the stimulant vyvanse. I stupidly quit taking it after two weeks.

I got back on it three weeks ago. So far, it greatly helps with anxiety, but kills my appetite. Not an ounce of weight gain. Side effects have been night sweats and jaw clenching, teeth grinding. It has not helped me feel alert and awake this second time around at all. Not sure why that is."
"I just had mirena inserted two days ago. The procedure was quite painful but relatively quick which made it bearable. It felt like intense and sharp cramping. I felt a little nauseas right after the procedure but felt well enough to go for a two hour walk just a few hours later. Unfortunately, the evening after having it inserted my cramping was very intense. I didn&#039;t have any cramping today until this evening but it&#039;s not nearly as bad as the first day. I spotted lightly after insertion but I haven&#039;t had any spotting today. I was feeling anxious about having sex with my boyfriend because I was worried it may hurt but surprisingly there was no pain! So far I&#039;m very happy with my decision to have mirena inserted."
"I have noticed acne pick up, no weight gain. I also have noticed mood swings more. Periods are really light. Just seem more emotional. Overall it&#039;s better than taking a pill everyday. I have had mine for about a year now."
"Was prescribed Spiriva dry powder capsules in May of 2015, this was during a bout of atypical pneumonia which I had weeks before being prescribed Sprivia, and lingered  for weeks after.  As a result of the illness I suffered pulmonary exacerbation which brought about COPD symptoms to the point that now 8 months later I have to use Oxygen [2.LPM] 24/7. It has been taxing and shocking but the  Spiriva along with Symicort [80/4.5] does help, I measure my O2 Blood saturation several times daily, I have experimented with halting one and both medications over small periods of times and have realized that I can do without the Symicort with not much variation in the O2 Saturation, bit when the  Spiriva is halted for 48 hours the O2 Saturation drops"
"I am on the 5th day of my UTI. The pressure and bearing down while urinating is similar to labor pains. I&#039;m out of state and visited an Urgent Care Center. The NP prescribed the generic Bactrim. I went back to the Urgent Care Center after 4 days and she gave me 3 more days of the SMZ -TMP DS.  I told her my symptoms were the same as my initial visit. Promised that infection would clear with the additional pills in addition to AZO , an over the counter pill to relieve the pressure. It&#039;s now day 5 and I feel like I&#039;m on day 1. This medication is doing NOTHING for me. It&#039;s Friday and I&#039;m sure I will be visiting another Dr. on Monday. I just want to feel like myself again. "
"I&#039;m on this medicine for heart arrhythmia. I&#039;m 46, my heart does flip flops and super rapid beats per min. Blood pressure sometimes is 180/110. Then it drops to 96/67, that little roller coaster ride makes you ill. I started the  Calan SR 180mg tab. It gives me wicked headache in left lobe &amp; fatigue. It hasn&#039;t helped my heart from flip flopping or blood pressure from sky rocketing up then down like a yo-yo. However, it does calm my heart down once I have a spell and I take the meds. I generally fall asleep from fatigue. It could be that I haven&#039;t taken it long enough for it to start helping the high blood pressure or the irregular heart beat. Perhaps the second month will show improvement. "
"I have been taking Contrave for 5 days and have lost 6.4 lbs so far.  It definitely helps with appetite; I&#039;m hardly ever hungry.  I have had slight nausea, but nothing too bad the weight loss so far is worth it.  I work out about 4 days a week so that could be contributing - only 2 days this week.  Will update again!"
"It has given me back my life. I am going to school, am happy and doing things I never thought possible."
"I started using Drysol a couple of days ago. I started crying with joy because it worked the very next day. Since I was 14 I haven&#039;t gone a day where I didn&#039;t have underarm sweat, and just thought this was something I would have to live with forever. I even considered Botox until I found out that only lasts for a few months. I&#039;m 29 now and even though I&#039;ve suffered for the majority of my life with worrying that someone will see my huge underarm sweat stains, I am now looking forward to a life of dry underarms. I feel like a normal person. It only burned/itched the first night, I&#039;m thinking because I shaved that morning. I will take a little underarm stubble over being dry any day."
"I was on this pill for probably around 4 years, when I got a pulmonary embolism. I am 18 YEARS OLD. The doctors have no idea what the cause was other than me being on birth control. I could have died. Pulmonary embolisms are very serious and I would tell all girls to rethink if they really want to risk their life for BC pills."
"Great. I have been on it for ten years. I was diagnosed with bipolar 1 at 25 y/o and it took me about 1.5 yrs before a psychiatrist recommend this. They also had me on depakote which can cause liver damage. Later I removed the depakote. When life continued became more stressful (getting my master&#039;s and starting a family) I  had anxiety start and begun Paxil. I am now trying to stop paxil."
"I am 48 and pre-menopausal. I went to my doctor with heavy menstrual cycles with heavy clotting. My doctor put me on Necon for a few months, but my bleeding didn&#039;t stop. Doctor wanted to opt for ablation. After a failed ablation, my doctor checked my hormone levels and my estrogen was very low-even after taking birth control for months. He placed me on Memvey 0.5/0.1 pill. I noticed a slight increase in blood pressure and my bleeding was non-stop. He upped my Memvey to 1/.05 and my blood pressure increased steadily (even though I take Lisinopril HCTZ 20-25). My family doctor had to give me an additional dose of Clonidine just to get my blood pressure close to normal. I went off Memvey and, within a day, my blood pressure is back to normal."
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 2006 and have been on a very, very low dosage of Gabapentin 300mg at bedtime ever since. My Fibromyalgia is manageable and I have no side effects from the medicine. I lead a very busy life.
I am an Executive Assistant in a fast-paced organization, and a very involved grandmother to 3. Rarely, I will have a flare that is triggered by extreme stress and I will have a day in bed, but most days I am putting in 12 hr days at work. And weekends I am busy with family, so I feel Gabapentin saved my life! It was a miracle from the first few weeks of taking it."
"This is a great cough medicine but gave me itchy tingling skin."
"At 52 years old I have always experienced depression. I am now weaning off of Effexor along with 10 mg of Brintellix. I had a bit of itching and gas but no other side effects. I am really excited to see where this medicine takes me but have only been on it for 10 days. So far, loving it and finally feel like me."
"This birth control had given me side effects from the start, moodiness, weight gain( ten pounds), headaches, nausea, it did clear my skin which is what I went on it for however 8 months into taking it I was admitted into the hospital with bi lateral blood clots in my lungs. I understand this may just be specific to my case but just because it is a lo estrogen birthcontrol does not mean clots can not happen. Please be aware and if risk of clotting runs in your family or you are at all concerned please talk with your doctor before you take this pill."
"I was very excited to try Mirena. I experienced the normal, cramping and extreme discomfort and pain immediately after placement. My cramping and pain lasted longer than normal.  Roughly 15 days after placement, I became intolerable.  It was the worst PMS I can recall ever having.  I wasn&#039;t that moody when I was pregnant.  Then my period came and it was the longest, most painful period I have ever had.  I went from having a 3-4 day period with one day of cramping to a week and a half period with 5-6 days of cramping.  Next month, same thing.  Needless to say, this is coming out."
"I take this for birth control &amp; Acne. I&#039;ve been on this pill going on 2 years. I&#039;m 35 &amp; used to take this pill in my early 20&#039;s as well. It&#039;s has always helped with my acne. I rarely get breakouts like before. I had an IUD for years too, but didn&#039;t like the spotting always at the wrong time.  So I went back on the pill. My skin has never felt and looked this  good.  However, I am also dealing with the random spurts of depression and lack of sex drive. That really sucks.  I do feel moodier than normal. My boyfriend has also noticed the change. I stay on it because it does it&#039;s job. Just got to deal with the side effects."
"4 years been sober works great!!!!"
"I quit smoking one month ago, Bupropion does help.  But this month, I have gained 12 lbs, craving of food is HORRIBLE.  I feel, craving food, mainly sweets, have replaced craving cigarettes.  I am starting to cut down on the medication, I want off of it.  Become nervous, can&#039;t sit still, even come to tears, if I don&#039;t eat when the craving hits.  Wake in the night just starving, I lay there twisting and turning.  All this and I walk at least 2 to 3 miles daily.  Yes, I would rate this medication great to quit smoking, but hopefully you will be someone that has weight loss."
"I was put on cymbalta to combat the mood and pain problems associated with fibromyalgia. It dilated my eyes, which led to light sensitivity and headaches. I also grew steadily more and more exhausted and confused and foggy. I was depressed. The doctors insisted that the side effects would abate after about six weeks, but they were so debilitating I had to seek out disability accommodations at school and drop one of my classes. After about a month I woke up one morning feeling very strange, and a few hours later had a seizure and sprained my jaw and have had jaw pain ever since. At the emergency room, they told me that the cymbalta was the likely culprit. Essentially, this drug made my life unbearable."
"This pill was horrible. Always had pimples under my chin and blackheads. My period was only 4 days long but had horrible cramps the first 2 days so bad I almost couldn&#039;t go to work and cramps were never an issue for me. Plus I was always moody and tired and sweets made me want to puke. Not worth it. The generic pill ran me $69 a month. That is up there when this pill is nothing special. My obgyn and I both agreed the progestin was maybe too high for my system and so she put me back on lutera where I had no side effects and my weight stayed down. But I suddenly started spotting frequently on lutera to the point I needed pantyliners 24-7, so she tried me on this. I would take frequent spotting anyday over this."
"I have battled stomach pains so bad it sent me to the ER.  tests were run and always the same thing, liver enzymes up off the chart or sugar levels not right, white blood cell extremely high, but by the next morning everything was back to normal. Sometimes I didn&#039;t eat for a day or even weeks. I suffered for 13 years without any doctor saying a word about irritable bowel syndrome, I was the one that took it to my doctor and he put me on doxepin and within 24 hours I felt like a new person, can eat a normal diet and go where I want and live life again. Started with 25mg and only because it made me drowsy the second month I went to 10 mg, I love it! Thank You.
"
"I got the kyleena yesterday. The doctor warned me about discomfort and needing to stay seated for a new minutes after. The insertion was the most painful thing I&#039;ve ever experienced and I&#039;m comparing to staples in my head. Botox for migraines every 3 months and the migraines I get all the time. Used to her an epipen like prescription jabbed in my leg once a week. This stuff was terrible. The doctor did not warn me it was going to hurt so bad... I jumped. I stayed laying down after it was done for about 5 mins. And then when I left, I passed out walking out the door which I was also warned about. Next morning: light brown bleeding and a LOT of pain. It&#039;s worth it to not take a pill every day."
"I&#039;ve been suffering with overall pain for approximately 10 years now.  I went to the doctor 9 years ago who said he thought I had fibromyalgia, and I would have this pain for the rest of my life because there is no know medication that would help.  Then a month ago the pain was getting so bad I couldn&#039;t sleep. I decided to go to a specialist who told me I do have fibromyalgia. I was given a sample of Savella, and it worked right away.  I&#039;ve been taking it for almost a month now and I have not felt this good for years!  After reading all the side effects everyone is having has scared me. I don&#039;t want to stop taking Savella and get all that terrible pain back. I guess I better count my blessing and enjoy for now."
"Adderall is effective, but it comes with consequences. Both to your physical and mental health. I am 27 years old, I have taken Adderall on and off for about 10 years. Started it my freshman year of college. It was AMAZING at first! Lost that freshman 15, got straight A&#039;s, actually ENJOYED my work. Then I started noticing the crash symptoms. Tired, withdrawn, emotionless, sleepless. I stopped taking it because I hated the way it made me feel, but I realized how much more productive I am when taking it. When I start taking it again my immune system is shot, I&#039;m constantly sick with something, I get super irritable. When I don&#039;t take it I can barely get out of bed and I always gain weight, which always sucks. It&#039;s a vicious cycle."
"Personally, I&#039;ve had it for about a week and a half and I&#039;ve noticed no change with myself. I&#039;m still the exact same weight, I didn&#039;t bruise at the insertion area. The only thing I noticed was a decrease in my appetite. I wasn&#039;t really hungry as much."
"I was on Lyrica for a year. Then my insurance decided hey we aren&#039;t paying for this anymore and I had to stop. And it was a just stop completely not a wean off of it. Started on. Gabapentin 800 3x a day. Has done Nothing for me. I am miserable.  If you need help paying for it go to there website and they will actually pay for the medication for you. For a year then you just reapply. I will be getting mine back finally this week. And I can&#039;t wait to get back on it so I can actually be a mom and a wife again. Without laying in bed all day suffering."
"I have been taking Brilinta for almost two years and am just finally able to get off of it. I feel like I have been tired for months. I feel like the med did it&#039;s job overall and am thankful it. Just tired all of the time."
"I cannot keep water down, let alone food, if I don&#039;t take this. I was hoping it would end after the first trimester and I could stop using it daily, but I&#039;m 4.5 months and I still can&#039;t be without it. So grateful it&#039;s class A because I don&#039;t know how I&#039;d work and function without it. Wishing I didn&#039;t need anything! Also, I should add...I only take half the dose: one at night and one in the morning. Two during the day is way too much; you&#039;ll feel drowsy and sedated. I learned that day one and realized I don&#039;t even need that much to alleviate the symptoms."
"Prednisone works well when it needs to, but the side effects are horrible. I&#039;m only 16, had my first flare when I was 14. I ended up on prednisone for almost 6 months while trying to find a treatment that worked for me (Asacol, then Remicade, etc.) and it did keep my flare in check. While I was on it, I had a huge appetite and ended up gaining close to 20 pounds. My face also got swollen, and I grew hair in some gross places like the back of my neck. After I was off it I slowly returned to my normal weight and most of the side effects disappeared. The side effects are a bummer, but other than that it does it&#039;s job."
"Worst stuff around.  Do not take this stuff! Doc started me out with 50 mg two times a day.  Wasn&#039;t relieving my pain, so got pushed to two pills every 6 hrs. It only take away some of the pain. When I wanted to stop taking the pills I went through 4 days of awful withdrawals even though he told me I wouldn&#039;t have them.  I hate that doctor now. I&#039;m going all natural for the pain."
"My 8 y.o. was prescribed this medication to help with her aggression and hyperactivity. It did not help her, at all. I feel she had actually gotten a little worse while taking it. She had a lot of trouble falling asleep.. she would wide awake at midnight, when 1am some nights. Besides the trouble sleeping issue, she only seemed to experience one other side effect, which was nausea, but only on the first night. I gave it one month and then told her Psychiatrist that it wasn&#039;t for her."
"Started Trulicity in February, 2017 with an A1C of 10.8 and blood sugar average of 285, while on Janumet!  Now, October, 2017, I&#039;ve lost 50lbs, my A1C is 5.7 and blood sugar average is 120.  Downside, I&#039;m still getting nauseated and throwing up at least 1 day a week.  I have anti-nausea medication, but it knocks me out.  Overall, I&#039;ll take the one down day a week to keep my numbers in check."
"I started Saxenda on 4/28/17 at the recommendation of my doctor for weight loss. I have kept at the 0.6mg dosage and will not increase weekly rather every 14 days or so. I am tired and weak, extremely thirsty, my appetite is non existent. I try stay within 800-1000 calories a day but some days are harder than other to reach this goal. I have found if I have any carbs it makes me extremely nauseous and dizzy, I can no longer tolerate dairy it makes very sick to my stomach and gives me a terrible stomach ache. Constipation comes and goes. But so far as of today 5/7/17 I am down 8.5 lbs. I mostly snack all day on healthy fruits and veggies and have a small salad with chicken as my &quot;big&quot; meal. I will add 30-45 mins of walking a few times a week."
"Type 1 diabetic for 28 years.  Went from split dose Levemir to spit dose Tresiba.  I was dizzy and still having high DP and early evening.  Switched to dosing Tresiba  X1/d.  Blood sugars were perfect no hypos or highs.  But the headaches were so debilitating I could not participate in life.  I am going back to Levemir.  My total dose that worked on Tresiba was only 4 units ( Levemir it was 9).  Also, I totally lost my appetite and threw up a couple of times but still somewhat bizarrely gained 3 pounds! I went from 115-117.9.  I have a hunch I was starting to develope peripheral edema.  I am a medical professional so I just use my own judgement wether to continue.  I think everyone should give Tresiba a try.  But be cautious and listen to your body."
"Tysabri has changed my life. I have had 20 infusions now. At first I could feel a major &quot;up&quot; and then could slowly feel the medicine wearing off towards the end of the 28-day cycle. Now I don&#039;t feel much of an up or a down, but I feel consistent and &quot;normal&quot; again. I feel more level-headed, have consistent energy levels, and am able to work out at the gym two hours a day! The only side effect I&#039;ve ever had was a bad headache on the evening of my infusion for the first 2 or 3 months. At my 6-month MRI/follow-up we found out that the Tysabri was actually causing a significant reduction in my lesions. I haven&#039;t had a relapse and only a handful of flare-ups (that last maybe an hour tops)."
"Did not work. Severe psychological and physical side effects requiring hospitalization."
"This medication was terrible. The warning about &quot;initial&quot; anxiety was concerning , but I figured I would give it a go anyways. This was a horrible mistake. My anxiety was so bad that I had tremors in my arms and legs and lost 2 lbs in only 2 weeks of taking it."
"I started this medication a month ago for anxiety and depression.  Immediately I started feeling different during the first few days of taking this medication. But once i started taking the medication,  I started feeling better.  I still had episodes of anxiety, stress, and depression,  but they were more manageable.  The only negative side effects were yawning,  dry mouth and inability to remain asleep during the night. My GP decided to have me switch over to sertraline this past weekend due to the trouble of sleeping. I am currently on day 3 of sertraline,  and I don&#039;t feel quite like I was when taking venlafaxine. Need to give it more time. At least I know this one will work if need to switch back."
"I was on it for years but with remeron it helped for a while but my body I guess got used to it so it stopped working.  I could never take it alone or I would never fall asleep.  Lately I just want to be able to take naps before I take my new sleep meds and still have a script for it so I tried taking it on its own again and it&#039;s a complete waste I don&#039;t even get tired.  I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s my tolerance or what but it&#039;s horrible and my sleep is horrible I&#039;ve tried everything. Ugh someday something will work!!"
"I started off on a really low dose. Which I felt made a slight difference to my mood, but none whatsoever on my anxiety. When I increased the dose... it still didn&#039;t make any difference, but made me very fatigued and gave me really intense stomach pains. So, not a good experience for me."
"I have only been taking this for 5 days now and have been experiencing serious dizzy spells, and times of almost confusion. I actually almost drove through a red light yesterday, thankfully my husband was in the car. I am going to stay more focused and let the medication get in my system before I decide if I will stick with it. These migraines are getting so bad that it&#039;s worth a shot."
"I was originally on Prozac 20mg for my depression.  I found the Prozac helpful, but emotionally numbing.  I am participating in psychotherapy and it got to the point that I couldn&#039;t really access my feelings and it was interfering with my therapy. I spoke to my doctor and he switched me to Pristiq 50mg. I found that it was easy to adjust to (some nighttime sweating but that&#039;s about it).  It gives me very good control of my depression.  My irritability is also very well controlled.  However, I am now able to access my feelings when I need to (such as in therapy) and I feel less numb. I am still able to manage stress just as well as when I was on Prozac, yet I don&#039;t feel so disconnected from the world and from myself."
"35 year old female. Tumor in chest wall with cancerous nodes on lung wall. Treatment schedule was so easy. Once every 3 weeks. I felt great. NO side effects. NEVER sick. NO hair loss. Worked fulltime throughout. Taken with Xeloda. Unfortunately my cancer is more aggressive than the treatment. It only slowed the progression. Not a cure for me but definitely give it a try. Loved it! Would have given it a 10 if it worked."
"I have tried everything for my OCD. Nefazadone is the best one so far. It is an awesome medication for Intrusive thoughts."
"I have hated every second of it more than any other form of contraception (which includes a bad experience with a coil) I have gained weight, I am hormonal and emotional most of the time and I have severe headaches. Like the worst pms for the last seven weeks and I booked to have it out after five weeks because it was that bad and had to wait three weeks for an appointment. It&#039;s coming out next week and I can&#039;t wait. Nor can my partner as he hates how it&#039;s affecting my mood and my self confidence due to the weight gain. Also I train in the gym every day and I feel it stabbing into my skin with every session - like it&#039;s going to piece through my skin. Hate hate hate it. Back to the coil next. Can not recommend anything less than this!!"
"Great medicine for cyclothymia/rapid cycling ever and I mean ever-been on 175mg per day 1x for 5 years-literally saved my life. Also if you&#039;re prescribed this absolutely have your pharmacist fill with brand only."
"Read all the reviews and don&#039;t agree with any of them. I felt a huge improvement only after the 1st dose. I only took two doses so far and so far so good!!"
"I highly recommend Dysport. I have been using it ever since it became available. Dysport works much better for me, not only is less expensive it lasts a long time. I will soon be 60 years young.I used to have very deep laugh lines around my eye area into my cheeks, also between my brows and forehead. All the lines are gone.Recently I returned to Botox because it such a good deal. Unfortunately the Botox only lasted for a few weeks.Because of also using Obaji with Retiina, I think my skin looks better now than it did twenty years ago! I hope Dysport eventually becomes more affordable. I highly recommend it."
"i got the paragard at my 8 week PP appt after my first in aug 2012. had it In till October of 2013 when we decided to have another baby. I had no period for the first 4 months (I also breastfed) and had pretty heavy periods for 4 months once I started again. After those horrible 4 months I got back to regular with mild periods. Had no problems getting pregnant after removal, conceived Dec 2013. 
just had my second child in separate of 2014 and get the paragard again at 8 weeks PP. I&#039;m now 6 months PP with still no period (I&#039;m also still breastfeeding, so we&#039;ll see once I&#039;m done). the first time placement hurt horribly. I bled quite a bit and cramped the rest of the day. But this last time placement wasnt painful one bit. LOVE it!"
"Had a terrible dry cough and Mucinex helped break the cough. It was easier for me to cough up my phlegm."
"This product should be taken off the market.  I usually go the 7 day treatment route and two or three days in I have complete relief.  I&#039;m four days into the one day treatment and feel worse than before I started treatment.  I called my gynecologist today and she wrote me a script for a different 7 day cream. She told me the one day is just to harsh."
"My son is 7 years old and was dianosed with adhd. He is on Metadate CD and he has been taking it for almost a month now. It seems to be helping him at school, but at home his behavior is uncontrollable and very irritable. He is on only 10 mg and his appetite is slowed down alot."
"After dealing with the horrific side effects of Avonex, and being admitted into a hospital for four days after I was suspected of having PML due to my worsening of symptoms and low white blood count (thanks to Tecfidera), I finally found the right treatment for me. I couldn&#039;t  be any more happier with Copaxone."
"My son took this medicine for about a week, he ended up having a severe reaction to it that put him in the hospital for 3 days.  He got a red, itchy skin rash all over his torso about the 8th day of taking it, he stopped taking it at that point and got a prescription for Prednisone from prompt care. Two days later he woke up and his eyes were swollen, the day after that he woke up and his entire face was swollen, we went back to prompt care and they transferred us to the Emergency room.  The hospital admitted him and kept him for 3 days because his reaction was so bad. All this just happened 2 weeks ago and his rash is just now starting to go away but now his skin is peeling and scarred.  It was a horrible and scary experience."
"This medicine saved my sanity, if not my life!  Months of unexplained pressure hives all over my body had my nerves absolutely shot.  I won&#039;t go into the details, but after MANY doctors and countless tests, I finally found a doctor who wanted me to try Atarax, 50 mg 4 times a day.  I was willing to try anything!!  The drowsiness was difficult to deal with for a long time but the hives had pretty much met their match.  I can tell if I&#039;m late taking one or if I&#039;ve forgotten altogether.  I can&#039;t live without them!"
"I have MS and NAMENDA has improved my cognitive problems significantly in just 2 weeks."
"When i first started using Ziana, i only had acne in between my eyebrows, chin, and the nose area. My acne worsened while using it and then it got better. But after about 4 months of using it, it became ineffective. So i now have acne between my eyebrows, chin, cheeks, forehead, and the nose area. Its great at first but after a while it made my face even worse than before i used the product."
"Yet another positive review for Hypercare... I tried managing my underarm sweating for almost 10 years, too embarrassed to address the problem. Recent weight loss and a new job working at a fast-paced, hot restaurant finally pushed me to talk to my doctor about a solution to my problem. I, like others on here, was very skeptical- this had been a part of my life for a very long time and I really didn&#039;t think anything could fix it. When the box said it may take a week or so for results, I definitely did not expect the sweating to stop the next day... but it did. I worked for 10 hours in 90+ degree weather the day after applying Hypercare and I didn&#039;t experience any sweating. I urge anyone with hyperhidrosis to talk to their doctor!"
"I had some nasty warts at the vagina opening. they were really gross but, ironically, went undetected for a long long time. I used Imiquimod on them... in just two applications they were completely GONE. It was AMAZING. I did have an extremely harsh response to it, with a strong itching and irritation... not only in the vagina but in the general vulva area as well (guess my immune response to it was VERY effective). My boyfriend developed warts as well, on the pelvic area, and even though Imiquimod is working well for him, it has not been THAT effective. On the bright side, his warts are extremely tiny and difficult to see."
"I have had the paragard for 10 years now. Insertion was not that painful for me. I had my second child a couple of months prior and the pain from the Insertion was just mild cramping. My periods were very heavy to begin with and that did not change. I had no other side effects in those 10 years. I enjoyed the freedom of not worrying about BC. Now that it&#039;s time to have it removed I&#039;m not sure whether I will have the paragard or Mirena. I&#039;ve never done well with hormones which is why I chose the paragard but the idea of lighter periods is appealing."
"I have had sleep problems for years. I used to work 3rd shift and it screwed my system up. They gave me Restoril. Than lorazepam, than Ambien and than Lunesta....all failed. This pill at 50mg put me out like a light with some weird vivid dreams but I still got the best sleep in years, woke up feeling great and have been taking it now every night for about 7 months. Really  great and not addictive."
"This has helped me get my life back."
"Holy crap! I&#039;m never using this product again! I applied the Ovule and Cream around 8:44pm and woke up around 2:30 with itching way worse than the infection itself, not to mention the burning. After trying to clean myself off I read that the drainage could burn and irritate the skin as the infection is killed off. Well, let&#039;s just say that that&#039;s an understatement and that within minutes I was in tears like never before, not unlike the tears I shed when I menstrual cramps are extremely bad or when I&#039;m at the funeral of a loved one and I&#039;m not a crybaby and a high pain tolerance. I just popped AZO for the infection and a couple of Extra Strength Excedrin. I feel like tearing my entire crotch out. Never again! I feel nasty!"
"Expensive if you buy the extended release, ($160 for 50mg twice daily a month). Not to mention very sedating, and weight gain."
"I was very nervous about getting the copper IUD after reading reviews, but it was much better than I expected. Insertion was definitely painful, but not excruciating. It wasn&#039;t much worse than a bad menstrual cramp. One thing that REALLY helped: I listened to my favorite song on my phone during the procedure! Seriously, do this!! Focusing on the song and taking deep breaths made the experience so much easier. My doctor suggested this, and I can&#039;t thank her enough.

The cramps for the first two days afterwards were pretty bad, but 800mg of Ibuprofen worked well. It is now the third day, and the cramps are totally gone. I&#039;m still spotting a little bit, nothing a panty liner can&#039;t handle. All in all, the discomfort was well worth it."
"Taken for 9 months. 1 pill didn&#039;t lower BP so taking two -10 mg total. Side effects swelling ankles, fatigue, muscle pain - difficult to work with the side effects. Going to try a different drug."
"Non stop bleeding for months"
"I was prescribed these patches for pain in my knee due to chondomalacia and a dislocated knee cap. They really don&#039;t stick to my skin (even after washing the area and drying well) Also they&#039;re hard to put on the knee cap where my pain is, they just ball up and fall off after 30mins. I&#039;ve found cutting the patch in half and surrounding the knee works. It helps with pain but nowhere close to being a 10/10 in my book let alone a 6/10."
"Tried Tylenol with codeine, physical therapy (14 sessions), and cortisone injection directly into left sacroiliac joint.  No relief from severe night pain in left lower back and buttocks until Celebrex.  2 days of 2 pills/day, no more pain.  A true miracle!  I feel like &#039;me&#039; again!"
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for depression and GAD since July.  I don&#039;t think it is working.  I am still depressed and have anxiety attacks several times a week.  Have talked to my Psychiatrist about this and he just says to give it more time.  I am changing Psychiatrists after the first of the year."
"I&#039;m 16 years old with no kids. The insert of the Mirena was very painful, and I mean so painful that I teared up and felt very dizzy after. I have used birth control pills in the past for heavy bleeding and cramping but I got break through bleeding. The first day of getting it inserted was probably the worst day, now I&#039;m just spotting! But I do recommend this device to other teens/women who have heavy periods!"
"I have been on this birth control for 6-7 months now and it does what it&#039;s supposed to do. The first month met me with with severe, painful cramping for 48 hours straight with no relief, and I definitely had breakthrough bleeding in the first 2 months or so. After that, things have generally been smooth sailing, my period has been getting lighter and shorter in duration every cycle since then. No significant changes in mood or (facial) acne... though this cycle I have started getting acne on my back and butt which I never have experienced before. Sex drive has decreased, and haven&#039;t been able to get &quot;wet&quot; since the first month or so. But I still have been having plenty of sex regardless and am not pregnant, so it&#039;s doing it&#039;s job."
"Started champix 1/2/17 my stop day was going to be 14/2/17 to give me max time before stopping but I managed to stop on 12/2/17 it&#039;s only been 5 days but could never imagine going 5 hours without a cigarette before champix some bad dreams and feeling nauseous sometimes but definitely manageable"
"I&#039;m 27 and have two children. I have had issues with other forms of birth control in the past (weight gain, insomnia, acne, etc.), but I have handled this very well. I have lost weight on it (lower than pre-pregnancy weight) and my skin is clear. I chose this over Mirena, because Nexplanon&#039;s main form of preventing pregnancy is through preventing ovulation. I would have given a &quot;10&quot;, but I didn&#039;t have a period for five months and then I randomly had one that lasted two weeks straight. Also, there are times when my scar hurts. It is rare, but it can happen. I also have a friend who has been off of it for a year and still can&#039;t get pregnant. It&#039;s a gamble- it can be awesome or terrible."
"My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex on the day of my ovulation and although I took Plan B about 18 hours later I was still super paranoid for the next week and a half or so until I took a pregnancy test that calmed my nerves. I thought that I was going to be in that 10% that still gets pregnant due to the time in my cycle that I had sex, however the pill worked perfectly with no side effects whatsoever and two weeks later I got my period. It was reading reviews online of Plan B and other situations like mine that calmed my nerves, so to anyone out there just know that this stuff really works and to not worry unnecessarily."
"Whenever I get a cold I get a wicked cough that actually makes me throw up it is so bad.  I took every cough syrup known to man and nothing worked until my dad who is a doctor tried Tussionex.  It was incredible I was better in 48 hours!  I only get a cold like this every few years but this medicine is the only one that works and doctors are afraid of it because it is a narcotic but if nothing else works why make people suffer?"
"I am 18 years old, and had severe acne on my cheeks and chin area since I was about 14. Acne was the hardest thing I have ever went through and was ruining my confidence. I went to the dermatologist and got prescribed .1% tretinoin cream and doxycycline 100mg twice a day. I was on doxy for 4 months and my acne stayed EXACTLY the same. I always read the review on this site for this product, and promised myself I would write one. I did not work for me, but that doesn&#039;t mean it won&#039;t work for you. I have been off doxy for about four weeks now and I have ZERO pimples. I do have a lot of redness and LOTS of acne scars, but use mederma and have had one laser treatment for scars and am planning on having 2 more. Stay positive... it gets better!!"
"I have horrible periods. Horrible meaning changing a super plus tampon every one to two hours with clots 7-10 days long. This includes during the night as well. Messing up clothes and sheets on my bed. My doctor recommended Lysteda before an endometrial ablation. Two pills three times a day for five days. Started on my third day. My first week, what a joke. Reduced my period maybe 30-40? If that. Gave me headaches and caused dizziness. Thanks for nothing. Ill be having a biopsy to have an ablation instead."
"I was looking forward to swapping my BCP to a lower hormonal, longer lasting option. UNTIL I started reading internet testiments. I psyched myself out so bad with the negative reviews I did happen to find, and almost called off my appointment. Alas, the morning of, I popped 800 mg of Motrin and listened to some classical music while practicing my breathing on the way to the doctor&#039;s. The whole thing took 4 minutes tops and the pain (more like an intense pinching cramp) lasted maybe a half a minute. All of that for nothing! I even got sweaty and woozy from preparing for the impending torture that never happened. I went home, proclaimed myself a superhero to my boyfriend, and even ran some errands. Oh and no kids "
"I&#039;ve had MS for 25 years. Been on every med there is I think. Started Aubagio 7mos ago. The medication seems to be working however, the side effects have been very real. Hair loss has been more than minimal for me but has slowed down now. Feeling out of it is how I feel most days but I do have more energy. I do have headaches most days but they are tolerable with increased water intake. Incontinence seems to be worse but I just started a new med that is working there. I&#039;ve had mouth sores and boils which I&#039;ve never had before. My depression has gotten worse and I cry a lot it seems. Stomach upset and diarrhea have subsided but the dry skin is a pain.  My brain lesion activity has stopped however,  my balance, vision and endurance Are worse."
"I took Gildess Fe for years and loved it so much, but unfortunately it is now discontinued, so my doctor put me on Lutera.

The first pack of Lutera was miserable. I am the happiest person, and this pill put me a bad mood all the time. Literally everything pissed me off. I feel like I&#039;m going through puberty all over again (in every possible way).

Also, my periods on this pill last for 9 days when it usually lasts for 3. The biggest complaint I have is how it&#039;s affected my relationship with my boyfriend of 9 years. We have not had sex in a month because I have zero sex drive.

I just finished my third pack and will be switching to Microgestin on Sunday."
"I started taking Adipex July 1. My starting weight was 268 and I lost 12lbs the first week. I have not checked my weight but I&#039;m waiting for my 30 days to see but I notice some differences in my body and the way it looks.  I&#039;m never hungry but I make myself eat three times a day.  I drink a lot of water and I workout now three times a week I never used to work out at all. I love this medicine. It is changing my life, can&#039;t wait to weigh myself."
"I am currently taking 30mg of this drug for depression and have found it to be very beneficial.  The first few weeks are very difficult and it can be tricky to find the correct dosage.  As this is the second incidence of depression I now need to take the drug now for 1.5-2 years, and so far it has been 1.25 years, although after that I will probably then remain on a maintenance dose.  The negative aspects that I have experienced are difficulty with orgasm, slightly drier mouth and eyes, and gas, but compared to the effects of the illness of depression, these are minor issues, and I now lead a happy and fulfilling life thanks to this drug."
"I had an intensely bad experience using Chateal. The first few weeks of taking Chateal were okay, I started to get more and more anxious as time went on and by the fourth week of taking this birth control I had a major panic attack/mental breakdown that sent me to the ER, I thought I was having a heart attack. I had numbness in my legs, arms and face. My other symptoms were major mood changes including depression and anxiety, loss of interest in life/suicidal thoughts, tightness in chest, trouble sleeping, nightmares, sleep walking, and the irritability and anger/sadness. It was terrible. "
"I have been on this medication for over 5 years with no side effects and it has lowered my eye pressure. I rate this medication more favorably than Betoptic which I was previously on which was less effective and always left a stain on my face/eye area after it dried."
"My pharmacy switched me to Gianvi a little over a year ago from Yaz. I had no negative side effects on Yaz (it was also the first birth control I&#039;ve ever taken). Since switching to Gianvi, I get severe headaches that lasts 1-2 days a week before my period starts, which force me to sleep in bed all day. My periods also start early, late, and trail on for a few days after they&#039;re usually supposed to end. My acne cleared up at first, but recently it&#039;s only my acne medication, Benza-Clin, that clears up my face. (Yaz did the opposite of everything Gianvi does, despite it being the &quot;generic&quot; equivalent). I&#039;m switching to a new birth control this week. I&#039;m going to try Beyaz."
"I&#039;ve been on Junel for close to 5 years. It did the job of preventing pregnancies. It didn&#039;t do much to clear up my acne. I had crazy breakouts on my forehead the first year of taking it but my body has gotten used to the hormones so I&#039;ll only get a few zits right before my period. The curious thing about this BC for me is that my period will skip to every other month. I won&#039;t get it one month, but the next month, I&#039;ll have a really heavy flow. No significant weight gain or mood swings on this pill. The only thing I despise is that it has made me incredibly dry down there and decreased my sex drive. Overall it&#039;s an alright pill and I don&#039;t hate it. Unfortunately, I have to switch to a new pill since my insurance no longer covers it."
"I just took day 1 of 7 an hour ago. I thought I was going to die 5 min after inserting the cream. The pain was so intense I was having trouble breathing at first. Shortly after I took a melatonin, 24 hour aleve, and put an ice pack down there off and on. It took an hour but I&#039;m finally feeling a little relief. This stuff is way way WAY worse than the YI. Right now I&#039;m
Just happy I found this page to confirm it wasn&#039;t an allergic reaction. Going to try to stick it out. I&#039;ll update on day 2... H
hopefully it&#039;s better."
"I have had 3 shoulder surgeries in 16 months. My pain medications have been changed several times. I also have had gastric bypass, so this medication upsets my stomach a lot. I am working with my doctor to change me to something that protects my pouch and liver."
"YOU WILL LOSE YOU HAIR!!! This pill has stopped my period and body from ovulating which you need as a woman to keep your healthy hair. PLEASE DO NOT TAKE THIS !!!!"
"Given savella by my doctor. It&#039;s a miracle medicine but start slower to avoid side effects. The titration pack is too fast. Also you should stop at the dose that takes care of your pain. I was at 25 mg 2 times a day for a long time. When my stress went up the pain came back so my doctor increased me to the usual dose of 50 mg 2 times a day. Pain is gone!  There are coupons on line. I had sweats as the only side effect that went away. I&#039;ll take that over the pain any day!"
"I tried this product as a result of a bad day of allergies.  It worked as advertised, clearing out my sinuses effectively.  However, I did not read the directions thoroughly and used it for 3 days.  After I stopped, I suffered the rebound congestion, and it was horrible.  I nearly gave in to the temptation to use it again, especially since I couldn&#039;t sleep with the congestion.  Luckily, I found a simple alternative--BreatheRight strips.  They hold the sinuses open nicely, allowing me to sleep without turning to Afrin again.  Hopefully, the condition will go away."
"I love the Remeron."
"I have been on this birth control for approximately 6 months; I love not having to take pills everyday, for I am forgetful when it come to that. I read reviews, they scared me but at this point I do not think I am been affected by any of the bad symptoms of this birth control. I have not noticed any weight gain, I can still fit into all of my clothes :D nor have I noticed depression or moodiness. However, I think acne is a tiny issue, nothing major; my skin seems oily but this could be from the summer heat. Should I not gain weight with this, which is my biggest fear, I&#039;ll probably get it again after my 3 years are up."
"I just started this medication today and felt the nausea and upset stomach within an hour of taking it. Food felt to heavy for my irritated stomach so I decided to make a protein shake with a scoop of Matcha green tea powder and some Almond milk. After finishing the shake I felt relief from the nausea and my energy went up. It seems like it would work great if it didn&#039;t irritate the stomach. I&#039;m going to give it another few days and if the nausea continues I&#039;m stopping it."
"I started Depo-Provera in July of 2015. One month after I started spotting, then bleeding heavily. It&#039;s now almost 3 months and I&#039;m still bleeding. I was very worried that it could&#039;ve caused some other problem until I read the reviews and realized that other women are experiencing the same problem. Please stay away from this drug"
"Lost my right great toe due to a serious osteomyelits infection."
"Started with 50 mg Pristiq but still suffered anxiety.  Now taking 100 mg for the past 3 months.  Anxiety has improved.  "
"My mom has suffered from schizophrenia for over 37 years.  She has been taking Zyprexa for the past 5 years.  The improvement in her demeanor and ability to fuction through everyday activities has been phenomenal.  She is socializing and enjoying shopping and eating out again.  Thanks."
"I have been suffering from scalp psoriasis for 8 months and my dermatologist prescribed me Talconex two days ago and it&#039;s almost all gone. This is the greatest."
"On Day 4 with the 10Mg pill no more nausea! I had one lucid dream but it was fine. Day 5 no problems. I am writing again which is something I have not done in a very long time. So I am seeing positive things already! That is why I gave a higher rating. Waiting to see what happens in 2 days when I step up to the 20Mg pills. "
"Went to my PCP for an increase in Effexor as was not doing well at all.  Have had several terrible things happen in the last year and was actually feeling &quot;crazy&quot; suicidal.  Also found that I developed diabetes.  My physician said there had been a lot of success with Viibryd and gave me samples.  I have only been on the medication for 4 days at this time but can already tell such a difference in my life.  I am sleeping better, a little drowsy in the morning but that was happening already.  At the same time I started Metformin so the loose stools could be from either medication.  I can live with those since I am doing so much better.  In order to stop the Effexor, I am taking it every other day for one full week. "
"Viagra works great. Get a little headache from the blood pressure drop. But it works great better than I thought! My insurance would not pay for it. Brought it overseas very very cheap."
"Great product.
I never had a problem falling asleep before, I can and always could fall asleep in 2 or 3 minutes.
My problem was during the night when I would wake up at 2am and be up for the day.
With Silenor I still wake up on occasion but I go right back to sleep.
I have been taking it for months now, still works great.
Not groggy the next day.
If your problem is getting to sleep this might not be right for you.
If your problem is staying asleep or falling back to sleep after waking up during the night then Silenor will be a big help."
"At 34, I would consume upwards of 20 beers in one sitting. I&#039;d miss work, had failed relationships, friends wouldn&#039;t want to invite me out anymore. I finally realized my drinking was a huge problem when I woke up in a jail cell and had no idea how I got there. I found Naltrexone via a TedTalk about TSM. I&#039;m at the end of week 2 and I&#039;ve not finished the 6 pack that&#039;s in my fridge since day one. I think there are 2 left, behind some food somewhere. I&#039;ll save them for a guest. Try this drug, it&#039;s early days but I feel like it&#039;s changed my life already."
"I have been taking this pill for about two weeks now and I feel very depressed. I don&#039;t feel like myself at all and I have picked up a little weight just from two weeks. I think I&#039;m about to stop this pill because its making me into a whole different person and I don&#039;t like it one bit. I feel sad and worried all the time. Normally I&#039;m a carefree person."
"Took my first 25 mg Briviact pill yesterday morning. Felt fine. Took another 25 mg last night, without problems. So glad to find a good med, finally! Took it again this morning, and I felt ok. Then about 2.5 hours before time to take it again, it was a completely different story  I was nervous, irritable, agitated, want to scream my head off, tense, feeling like the incredible Hulk is going to explode out of my body, want to cry, don&#039;t talk to me, don&#039;t touch me, don&#039;t look at me, don&#039;t breathe my direction, eyes darting back and forth, and serious drug withdrawal kind of feeling!!! NO!!! I WILL NOT BE TAKING MY NEXT DOSE!!!"
"This is a great pill it stops the bleeding but does give you a regular period every twenty eight days. The only con is that my breast get real tender and swell."
"It didn&#039;t work for me. I have been sneezing while taking the medicines. I will go back to other allergy medicines."
"This drug -super small dose - has changed my life.  I have been a nurse for 26 years. My stress and anxiety levels were at the max!  I just wanted to sleep on my days off and I did not want to socialize.  I was easily overwhelmed and worried constantly.  I was just awful.   I started lexapro at 10 mg and it was too much !  I backed down to 5 mg and the first 3 weeks were hell.  I felt out of body - exhausted but could not sleep - it was just an awful three weeks.  After reading many reviews to hang in there --- that&#039;s what I did.  Around week 3-4 - I adjusted.  I felt like my worries rolled off my back, I wanted to do things, I felt more energy than I had in years, I was laughing and finally listening to people did not annoy me!  Hang in!!"
"LIFESAVER. I tried antidepressant after antidepressant, all exacerbating my original anxiety symptoms- nausea, vomiting, insomnia, brain zaps, anziety, agitation, headaches/ migraines. You name it, I had it and the antidepressants made it worse.
Been on Quetiapine XR 50mg and I&#039;m still trying to get used to how GOOD I feel. for the first time in YEARS I&#039;m not waking up nauseous and dry-retching, appetite is normal, sleeping a blissful 8 hours a night and waking up easily in the morning, alert and awake during the day. My anxiety is just GONE. I still have emotions, I still care about things, but this feels like what I imagine a normal person feels like. e.g. I can cope without panicking!! 10/10!!!"
"I had this prescribed for a kidney stone. Took the first pill on Friday at noon. Today is Sunday - 2 days later and I passed it one hour ago.  Thanks.. it worked like a charm."
"I have been on this medication for two months.  I was given Natazia to control my heavy periods and painful cramps.  Month one I still had heavy cramps and flow for seven days.  Now in month two my period has been 11 days and heavy each day. My flow and cramps are actually heavier now.  Extra strength Tylenol is not strong enough."
"Tramadol has rather limited positive perceivable impact on opioid-tolerant patients such as myself. Chronic discomfort makes it difficult for me to focus on external tasks, but I do believe this synthetic preparation has a place in late stage rehab where patients are required to slowly step down systemic pain treatment."
"Remicade is a lifesaver.  Before Remicade, I was spending a huge amount of my time in the tub soaking because I was itching so badly.  Not anymore!  For the first time in 15 years, I am ready to wear short sleeves in public!  I have had no side effects and am about to take my 12th treatment next week.  Don&#039;t be afraid to give it a try; it&#039;s so worth it!"
"My MD prescribed me this drug for weight loss. I&#039;m a 42 year old female who has struggled with weight all of my life, and I&#039;m starting to have all of the health issues that are going with it. I am on my 3rd week of Victoza and I&#039;m at 1.8 dosage. I&#039;ve had some severe nausea this week, and last week burps (the rotten egg kind) but that has been mostly it. I&#039;m not sure how much weight I&#039;ve lost, but I can tell I&#039;m losing it quickly. I simply don&#039;t want to eat. I have to force myself to eat, and when I do, my calorie intake is often times less than 1,000 calories a day. I hope the side effects settle down."
"Have been on Mirtazapine for nearly 6 months now and must say it is helping. Started off with Citalopram but not much good and had TERRIBLE headaches to start off with. Came off and went on Fluoxetine 20mg. Eventually increased to 60mg. Lost loads of weight and had chronic insomnia. Now on 45mg Mirtazapine and 20mg Fluoxetine. At last I have started to put on weight. Really look forward to going to bed as can sleep and have really weird exiting dreams. Depression is lifting too. Would recommend this but you do get restless legs at night and the munchies!"
"I had taken Wellbutrin but switched to bupropion because of insurance. Big mistake! It was like taking nothing for my depression. I ended up being a mess. I tried it several different times just to be sure, with the same result every time. I don&#039;t care that the active ingredients are the same. It did not work on me at all and was actually scary. My sister reacts the same way to the generic, so it&#039;s not just me."
"This medication has been a godsend for me. I&#039;ve been on some other antidepressants, namely Cymbalta and Buspar but I couldn&#039;t quite get my head out of the funk.  Now, with Wellbutrin I feel like I&#039;m awake and enjoying life again!"
"I usually use acyclovir to treat my cold sores. Didn&#039;t have it with me and bought abreva. This product didn&#039;t have any effect. Cold sore kept getting bigger, forming new blisters. This is the worst, more and bigger blisters than I ever had. A waste of money."
"After 9 weeks of treatment my Hep C is finally undetectable. I have extreme fatigue have had it for most of the treatment. Hopefully it will get better after treatment. Only 6 days left till I&#039;m done treatment."
"I got this form of birth control about a year ago. The first few months were great. Had my normal period, or no period at all. Then I started breaking out and it continued to get worse. Then I started gaining weight. I gained a total of 15 pounds in 6 months. I know that is not a ton of weight. but I am 5&quot;5 and weighed 108 pounds. I go to the gym at least 3 times a week, and I eat pretty healthy most of the time. I have never had a problem with weight until now. Other than these 2 side effects, this birth control is great. I love that you don&#039;t have to worry about it once it&#039;s in. But since my weight gain and my acne, I will be getting it removed this week."
"I started Belviq after first losing a significant amount on Weight Watchers, so progress was sort of slow for me. I lost about a half a pound a week for the three months I was on it, but my motivation level was low. The problem for me came when I tried to stop taking it.  I had the symptoms of antidepressant discontinuation syndrome pretty bad. These included lightheadedness, dizziness, tingly hands and feet, and blurry vision. This all scared me very much - I thought I was going to have a stroke. I even had what felt like an electric shock shoot through different parts of my body a few times.  I was really relieved to find out that this is a fairly common condition and only lasts 2-3 weeks, but it was pretty uncomfortable."
"The insertion was nothing, no weight gain. But now that I am working out I can&#039;t lose weight. I got it April 15 of this year. I&#039;ve noticed quite a bit more acne than usual but that may be because its a hot sweaty summer. So convenient. I would definitely recommend this."
"I&#039;m 53 years old and have suffered with cystic acne since my teens. Remember Clearasil? Harsh. Minocycline was a Godsend in my 30s, but couldn&#039;t take it while being pregnant. Now, I get occasional acne flare-ups. I tried Clyndamycin, it was ok. I just started Aczone and it seems to be putting the acne to rest. My copay was also $100. So, I went to the Aczone website and you supposedly get discounted up to $250 if you have commercial insurance. Fill out your info and get a discount card online."
"My doc prescribed me 20mg of hysingla and this has to be the most useless drug I&#039;ve ever been prescribed. I have extreme spinal stenosis and this pain med not only was hard to get but it was super expensive as well. Like $200! My insurance wouldn&#039;t touch this drug! I experienced no pain relief with this drug and I took it for 2 months. I finally put my foot down and told the doc this med just does&#039;nt work and to quit playing around giving me these useless medications and to give me something that works.  I&#039;m now on 10mg of percocet and it helps me get through the work day. Heck of a lot better than useless Hysingla."
"My Dr. prescribes this for me every fall/winter.  I get a cold, it turns into bronchitis and then I can&#039;t sleep or function normally due to the horrible coughing.  I take it about an hour before I go to bed and I sleep like a baby, no coughing and wake up refreshed and ready to go.  Side effect is I feel a little groggy until around 11 am but that&#039;s not a big deal for me when you aren&#039;t coughing and able to sleep."
"When I took Diovan with HCTZ, it took a couple of weeks to get my blood pressure down to 125/80.  I am an active 61 year old male that plays tennis and walks 40 minutes a day. Then my health plan would only cover the generic valsartan with HCTZ. It was fine. Lately, my valsartan was made by a generic manufacturer McLeod&#039;s.  All of a sudden my blood pressure shot up to 180/100.  I now have to take 5 mg. amlodipine to get my blood pressure normal."
"I have been on my birth control for a month now, I&#039;ve been eating a lot lately and breaking out. Before I started the pill I have read other reviews on it and I was worried about some what. Now that I have been on it I want to change it already. I had my period for three weeks stright now and it is very heavy. Everyone&#039;s bodies are different, but I am 134 pounds and 5&#039;3. "
"Hey! Girls I want to share my experience to help you guys not be scared like me .... I took plan b on August 30 me and my bf had sex w/ a condom but something ended up happening and it looked like the condom was slipping he told me not to worry cause he feels nothing came out ... But of course I freaked out and I got him thinking twice after an 1hr of having sex we went out and bought the pill $50bucks ... I took it after 1hour or so my boobs felt like melons and my headaches a week past no period the second week I got it I got my period 2 weeks late ! It&#039;s okay !! Don&#039;t be scared :)"
"I recently turned 40 and was diagnosed with prostatitis. Once cured from that I experienced very soft erections for about a month. I experienced that same symptom several months prior to that, but it wasn&#039;t as consistent. My Dr. gave me a sample pack of the 5mg Cialis and I took one. I felt the affects about 15 minutes later and it was amazing! I&#039;ve read some other reviews where users felt like they were 20 again, and it&#039;s 100% true! It was solid, thicker and longer (from the fullness) like I used to be. My wife accused me of trying to hurt her LOL. Of course I wasn&#039;t, but that was one hell of a compliment. She hasn&#039;t allowed me to take any more because I&#039;m still the same way, 7-days later. What a pill!"
"I started Adipex (phentermine) on June 26th 2012. I weighed 239 lbs and I am 5&#039;4, 42 year old female. I had the typical spare tyre that women have a tendency to get over 40. I was obese and in danger of getting a number of diseases that would have affected the rest of my life such as diabetes,  hypertension,  heart disease. I have come a long way I am down to 178 lbs as of today. I am beginning to have a show down in results. I need to increase my exercise as I only lost 6 lbs the last month. I did however manage to lose 11 pounds over thanksgiving and Christmas. The doctor is extremely pleased with my progress as is my husband.  He has a new wife. I have never felt better.  I have dropped 10 sizes.  28 pounds to goal. Go me."
"The medication worked well for 6 months with no sexual side effects. However, after that, I have noticed that Trintellix not effective as used to be and I dealt with low libido. Once I stopped the medication, my sexual desire was back.  Overall, the medication deserves a trial especially if your insurance covers it. Good luck every one."
"I&#039;ve been on 15mg of Mirtazapine for about 8 years.  I was put on this medicine for insomnia.  It works perfectly 99% of the time as long as I take it about 1.5 before after eating.  If I eat anything later, it doesn&#039;t work.  It has not increased my appetite, however when I was first put on it, I was on 45mg, which did make me hungry.

I have a 3.5 year old who goes to preschool at 8, but gets up around 5.  I go to bed at 7.  I stop eating at 4, take my meds at 5:30, and by 7 I fall asleep pretty quickly.  If I eat after 4, the medicine will not put me to sleep.  I have to take Ambien."
"I went on Tikosyn during 4 day stay in hospital in Feb. 2016 for initiation. I had already failed 3 antiarrhythmics, and my second cardioversion lasted about a week, and I had had very serious side effects from flecainide and propafenone which both sent me to the emergency room.  Four hours after the second dose of Tikosyn I locked into sinus rhythm and stayed there. 

I have had some 3-4 abbreviated runs of irregular HR lasting less than 2 mins. each from Feb. through July, but I&#039;m still very happy.  This is one of the few drugs I have ever taken that works, with no side effects that I am aware of.  It has given me my life back.  I am able to ride bikes, walk 3-5 miles per day, and generally feel normal.again.  I hope it keeps working!"
"I had no decrease in symptoms but had a feeling of electrical charges. I tried to stick it out but it was terrible."
"150 mg per day has left my knees completely pain free! Unfortunately, now my dr. wants me to take less, to avoid doing damage to my stomach."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for 2 months and I love it. I dont have to remember to take a pill everyday and it increased my breast size."
"I love that I chose to use Implanon as birth control. I have had very minimal side effects (just a little fatigued at times), and have only had 2 periods in 6 months. I generally have good reactions to birth control, and if you do, too, I would definitely recommend this!"
"I have spinal stinosis and have tried the gontlet of pain relievers.  I have found Norco to be one of the best that I have tried.  I take one number 10/750 every 6-8 hours and I find it keep&#039;s me feeling the best I can with the condition I have."
"I didn&#039;t get pregnant, but my vagina produced a ton of creamy white discharge ever and led to a yeast overgrowth in my gut, upsetting my body&#039;s overall pH. It made me anxious and I had trouble sleeping.  Periods were incredibly light, like spotting, but with unbearable cramps. Not a fan of this BC."
"I took three tablets last night. I expected all the things that are mentioned in other reviews. I did not even have any cramping. I woke up at my usual time. I did not have a sudden urge to use the bathroom. I just tried to go and was able to. I do have diarrhea and have gone a few times already, but I expect to get diarrhea when I take a laxative."
"I tried Cymbalta unsuccessfully (intolerable side effects) before one of my doctors had me try Pristiq. Side effects are not too bad. This may be helping with my Fibromyalgia pains."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for 4 months now and I love it. I&#039;ve read so many stories about the excruciating pain women have felt during insertion, but for me it was no worse than a period cramp and it didn&#039;t last very long at all. By the end of the day I was back to normal. There was some light spotting at first. I love that I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill every morning or else I&#039;d probably be pregnant again. I would definitely recommend it."
"I had been coughing for several nights in a row, waking up about 3 times a night and, of course, having trouble going back to sleep because of the cough.  I also had the nasal congestion game going on (i.e., sleep on your left side and the left side of your nose plugs up, roll over, and the right side plugs up).  I hate that game.  I had some Cheratussin AC from last year and I read the bottle.  It hadn&#039;t expired yet, one month left.  I took the higher recommended dose (it had two dosages on it, a low and a high).  I went back to bed and slept the entire night through.  This stuff worked great for me and I would recommend it.  I did wake up with a little bit of a headache, but it wore off after coffee and 15 minutes."
"I am sharing, because I have been searching all over to see if anyone else had experience with restless legs syndrome and gabapentin following an injury. Last year I got hit by a car, broke my femur (in half). Besides the injury I suffered from EXTREME swelling in my lower leg, that often comes with this kind of injury. I also suffered what is called a Morel Lavelle lesion, a very mean injury by itself. All this caused the onset of RLS and the surgeon put me on gabapentin, been taking it for about 10 months. I have tied to reduce it, but no such luck, the sensation without it is crazy. So glad he did and that there is medication to control it."
"Overall I have found this the best for me. I can have a normal life which enables me to work full time and support myself no major side effects except I have to watch my diet."
"I have had the implant in for 8 months now. Insertion was easy, and it has never caused any pain at the site. I however have experienced terrible mood swings, depression, anxiety, rapid weight gain, loss of hair, excruciating period pains including passing huge clots of uterine lining! Not to mention a faint vaginal odour, random blisters on my hands, moles developing halos around them, and I now have two random white patches of hair on my scalp! My experience has been terrible and continues to be so! I have kept it in because everyone says to give it time before it starts balancing out. I hate what it&#039;s doing to me, and I am getting it out as soon as I can. I cannot recommend this product at all."
"I was a patient in the trials."
"I ended up with Pulmonary embolisms (pe) in both of my lungs. I&#039;ve never had anything that could compare to this. Neva Eva Again!!!"
"I&#039;m a  mother of 2 after reading the reviews I can see where my irritability has been coming from with my kids.

Other than that no issues"
"I was on Paxil and switched to Lexapro a few years back (3) and have not had many side affects. It really does calm me down so I have become a nicer person, and shrug off things that I would normally go crazy about, less shouting etc. I take 20mg. I do feel it has made me lazier and as a result I have been putting on some weight as I exercise less. It does affect orgasms which are much harder to pull off and takes incredible effort. I tried 3 times to go off the drug cold turkey, with terrible results. I just became depressed. After a few days I just went back on it again and after 15 minutes felt the glow of calm come into my body and I was &quot;normal&quot; again.  It is addictive, to quit, definitely need to decrease dose gradually."
"I&#039;ve never been thin, always overweight/obese. My appetite is voracious, and I have poor metabolism related to thyroid disease. Within the last year, I have tried countless times to lose weight with no results. I&#039;ve been on Belviq for 2 weeks. It took about 4-5 days before I noticed any change in my appetite and until that time, I did not lose any weight. However, since the medicine has built up in my system, my appetite and cravings are down and my self control is up. I have lost 8.6 lbs. in 10 days. I am working out as well and counting calories, which is much easier to do with the added self control. My only complaint is mild joint/back pain. I can still overeat if I make/allow myself, so you have to be dedicated to losing weight."
"Symbicort works well as a maintenance medication for my COPD. I use in combination with Spiriva. The only down side is that it causes anxiety and &quot;jitters&quot; for me. I am already an anxious person so this can be a problem."
"Well.. I have suffered from acne for a while. For about 6 months, I have been on aczone and only break out occasionally with a tiny zit or two which I&#039;m linking to lack of water consumption. It has done an amazing job of clearing up my skin. Would highly recommend it!"
"The best. Little or no side effects."
"I have been on yaz for 5 weeks i have put on 7kilos wake up to swollen fingers have sore hard breast completely no sex drive and the worst a week after taking yaz i got a chest infection thought was viral had antibiotics its now 4 weeks of chest infection googled yaz symptoms and saw it can cause upper respiratory infectuions omg couldn&#039;t belive a month of hardly being abile to breath time off work and doctors visits to descover its yaz causing it i stoped it today and have had a bad head ache tonight hope its out of my system quickly"
"I&#039;ve been on Tramodol for 6 months for back pain. I can&#039;t take narcotics like codeine, oxycodone, etc, as they make me terribly dizzy and nauseous, as well as give me pounding headaches. But I can take Tramodol without any of those effects. Tramodol also doesn&#039;t give me a &quot;high&quot; like many painkillers, so I&#039;m never tempted to take extra just to get a buzz. I&#039;ve been afraid to go beyond the 150 mg/day prescribed by my doc, but there are days when 150 just doesn&#039;t feel like enough, so I need to talk to my doc about an increase at times. Overall, this med does a fair job at controlling chronic pain without causing side effects. It&#039;s worth trying to see if it will work for you."
"Got my paraguard on my period, I&#039;m 22 and never have had a child. My doctor numbed my uterus beforehand, the insertion was a few deep strong cramps and feeling like being prodded, but nothing too crazy. The first few hours I was having some sharp cramps, after the numbing wore off I almost went to the ER, it felt like I was having contractions and giving birth. Advil didn&#039;t help at all. My doc called in Tylenol #3 and it helped a lot mixed with Advil and the pain subsided after a few days like she said it would. 3 months in and I&#039;ve already dropped 15 pounds from not being on hormones anymore! The cramps are non-existent now when I don&#039;t have my period. My periods were light-moderate and now they&#039;re heavy. My bf can&#039;t feel the strings! 8/10"
"(Update)7 weeks on the contrave pill. 0 lbs lost. Still the side effect fatigue all the time still manage to exercise and diet. My doctor recommended 3 months on the pill but for me it is been a waste of money. Very disappointed. I&#039;ll stop taking them not willing to spend more money in something that doesn&#039;t work for me."
"Have only been on the pill for two weeks and I&#039;m already wanting to switch. It feels like I&#039;m battling depression all over again. All I want to do is lay in bed and cry. My boobs have gotten smaller.  I have hot flashes, I sweat like a bloody animal, I&#039;m dizzy, have completely lost my appetite. I&#039;m nauseous every time I make myself eat. I have been bleeding for 14 days straight, and it looks like it&#039;s not going to stop. My eyes won&#039;t stop itching, my stomach is always upset. This pill is no good. But hey my skin is perfect. So worth right? No. I miss condoms."
"I&#039;ve only taken one shot, it has been somewhat of a last ditch effort to provide some pain relief from endometriosis and polycystic ovaries.  The first month was great, no pain and very little spotting.  The second month has been horrible, I had a period for 2 1/2 weeks and the other 1 1/2 I had spotting along with horrible (at times) pain that even Lortab won&#039;t fully control.  Doctor gave me estrogen to stop bleeding and that took a week.  As of now I am not taking another shot. I told my husband that I can feel this bad for free.  If this third month goes okay I may reconsider. I&#039;ve tried everything and its bad...looks like hysterectomy is next step."
"Of all medications I have taken for mental illnesses, Seroquel has been the most effective. It started working almost immediately. At first 25mg nightly, then 50mg, to 75mg, to 100mg only at bed time due to the drowsiness that accompanies it. I now take 150mg at bed and 25mg with breakfast and 25mg at lunch time which is keeping anxiety at bay. It required an increase monthly for me until now. The biggest benefit was treatment of insomnia, which in turn helped me manage my days better. It hasn&#039;t been effective in preventing or even reducing the effects of mania which is why it didn&#039;t get a full 10/10 from me. The worse side effect has been the constant weight gain."
"I had it for a boil it work very quick I had 500 milligrams 2 times a day for 1 week was very effective."
"I&#039;m currently 27 years old, and my first opiate I tried and fell in love with was Hydrocodone. I got addicted almost instantly, I was on it for a total of 2.5 years, dosing 100mg daily.
Then I got into Oxycodone, from 2 reasons, tolerance and potency, used Oxy for 3 years, using 180mg daily. Then I went on to Diamorphine, using it for 1.5 years. That&#039;s 7 total years of heavy Narcotic use. My withdrawal almost killed me from dehydration, stayed in the hospital for 3 days, until I got discharged to go to the Methadone clinic by the RN. My insurance doesn&#039;t cover Rehab, so Methadone was my only option. I can say this proudly, that Methadone saved my life. From chasing the pills just to &#039;feel good&#039; to having a beautiful wife and family."
"My doctor put me on this medicine for dysmenorrhea. I LOVE this birth control pill. I have NEVER had any bad side effects from it, no acne, no mood swings. I only have light bleeding/no bleeding and cramping when I do have my periods, which only last 2-4 days. But the best part, NO WEIGHT GAIN. I have actually lost 30lbs since I have been on it. I really love this pill and would not go to any other birth control pill."
"Very effective medicine, get gastric issues though as side effect. Using since 1 year."
"I took this drug as prescripted 1 pill once a day for 24 weeks. I did not have any side effects, a true miracle drug.

I have taken two other forms of treatments and the side effects were unbelievably bad and results were nothing! Except for having daily diarrhea for nine months and a heart attack which left me with A-fib of my heart."
"Drysol worked perfectly. I&#039;m not sure why my hands sweated so much, perhaps they were sweaty cause I have really bad anxiety. Either way Drysol stopped it. Now I don&#039;t have to worry about if my hands are sweaty when I need to shake someones hand or avoid even shaking it. Drysol is amazing and has changed my life. "
"This medicine caused vomiting for me, whether my stomach was empty or not. I wish I could tolerate it, because it&#039;s a good treatment, but for those who are sensitive, this is not a good medicine."
"I took this about one hour after unprotected sex, he pulled out and when he finished he didn&#039;t finish inside of me but some of his semen did land on my area, and of course I started freaking out. So I went to the nearest Walmart and bought this Plan B pill. This happened on July 17th, and my period was due for around July 28th-30th somewhere around those days. I didn&#039;t experience many side effects, just some cramping in my abdomen and a little above my hips &amp; this went on for about 2 weeks on and off. I was very worried but I was trying not to stress too much because stress does affect your period, but I&#039;m glad to say that I got my period on July 30th and it was like my usual monthly period :)"
"I went to the ER a couple weeks ago with a severe migraine, I normally take Fiorcet for a preventative so I don&#039;t get them, it didn&#039;t work this time and I ended up in the ER, they gave me Benadryl, Toradol and the dreaded Compazine via IV, I&#039;ve never had Compazine before in my life and my expericance was so awful, about 5 minutes after it was administered I had a full blown panic attack and thought I was going to die, I almost ripped my IV out and wanted to run out, I cried to my nurse how scared I was, Dr ordered a big dose of Ativan and completely knocked me out, the next 24 hours after I was in a complete haze and out of it. I would NEVER recommend this drug ever..."
"I took the pill 20 or so hours after unprotected sex and when I woke up in the morning, I had almost immediate results. I woke up with lower abdominal pains (which is normal), and went about my daily routine. I started to experience a great amount of fatigue and I really honestly just wanted to sleep the whole day. I am telling you, the side effects are not too bad. Although, I missed my period. After I missed my period I began panicking but today I got my period! All is well, please do not stress out if you haven&#039;t gotten your period. Mine was 4 days late but this pill really works and it is worth the 50 or so dollars! :)"
"28/m/150lbs.  I&#039;ve had a bad flare up of ulcerative colitis for a month and finally went to the G.I. doctor.  Currently I&#039;m on Asacol HD 4 pills-800mg a day.  The medicine seemed to barely work and eating right did nothing to help.  Doctor prescribed prednisone and the bathroom visits have been drastically reduced along with bleeding.  He also told me not to be Mr. Healthy when it comes to eating, just eat all American food-burgers/pizza/hot dogs that will go right through.  I&#039;m on my fourth day of prednisone and it has worked wonders.  Only side effects so far is the medicine is like drinking a lot of coffee. I&#039;m wired all the time.  My advice to all is if you are having a flare up go to the doctor right away and don&#039;t wait, prednisone really helped."
"I used Hyzaar for the last 6 years. The best thing that happened to me. No side effects."
"Atralin has been fine and has cleared up my acne and made my skin clearer and smoother. I am 38.  But one thing I noticed, since using the product is that if I do get an occasional breakout, it is hard to heal, scabs a lot and then leaves a small pockmark when healed."
"Ok this is my third review. I can say nothing more that thanks god and new advance medicines. I am in the 3 month and I could not be happier.  Energy levels back to normal. I feel great. No side effects and my labs are great. My doctor forgot to tell me the numbers but from 300000 copies to undetectable I don&rsquo;t know my cd4 but my doctor was so pleased that he informed me you only have to come every 6 months so my next appointment February 2018 I feel human again and I keep forgetting I am HIV positive. Good attitude and awesome times ahead I am 40 very happy"
"Brown tongue, dry mouth, metallic taste, very yellow urine,"
"I started Saxenda on November 3 and today is November 21. So far I lost 17lbs roughly one pound per day. Finally something is working for me. I&#039;ve tried everything... and I mean everything..."
"I had one shot for PSA ,Psoriasis and it looks like I have gotten stung by a thousand bees and my psoriasis is worse six weeks after my shot. Needless to say I did not get the second shot. Worst drug reaction that I have ever had."
"On January 13, 2008 I had my Mirena inserted.  It was painless and I had no cramping in the days to follow.  What I did have was 8 SOLID months of spotting.  Enough to need a light tampon while I was awake and a pad while I slept.  All the while my depression got worse, my face broke out, I lost my libido, I gained weight and my stomach bloated. I gained a total of 30 pounds between 1/13/08 and 8/09. July &#039;09 is when I started lactating...a new side effect of the Mirena.  On 8/16/09 I had my Mirena removed and it was the best thing I&#039;ve ever done, painless and within a week most of my symptoms were almost totally gone.  I&#039;m still lactating and have to lose about 10 more pounds.  At least it did it&#039;s job preventing pregnancy."
"Prescribed to me for Seborrheic Dermatitis on my nose, eyebrows and eyelids. Elidel made the inflammation worse for me and migrated into my eyes causing a lot of itchiness, irritation and pain. Cost with discount card given to me by my doctor was $100 for a 60mg tube."
"Good."
"This is my first month on Apri and I haven&#039;t been on any other forms of the pill since I was 18. I was prescribed Loestrin in 2009 for bad cramping and PMS, but got off that due to huge mood swings, bloating, weight gain and breast tenderness. It is now 7 yrs since then and I am using the pill mainly for birth control. I am on my third week and am feeling awful! I have had headaches several times per week, extreme nausea, cramping and tiredness. I have also felt anxiety and will wake up in the middle of the night. I take the pill in the morning but will be switching to a night time routine to see if my symptoms decrease or if I tolerate it better. My mood has been pretty normal and my sex drive is good. The worst thing has been the nausea."
"Do not take keppa! "
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for over a year now and the only side affects I&#039;ve experienced are spotting and not exactly knowing when ill be getting my period. If I don&#039;t take the pill within my hour time frame, I&#039;ll usually encounter some spotting or even starting my period. I have migraines and I&#039;ve found this pill to work really well for me. Other than that I feel this pill works good, but then again every brand of pill effects people differently."
"I am in my first week and I have lost 4lbs.. my starting weight was 228.. I haven&#039;t had any side effects other than I&#039;m thirsty all the time I drink lots of water which helps. I sleep better and I&#039;m not hungry during the day I can tell about 9pm I start getting hungry so I just go too bed. I&#039;ll check back in a couple weeks"
"I am 46 I have been on cipramil since I was 30 . Much to my husbands disgust .  My daughter was 5 yrs old at the time and my second daughter was new borne .  After being on it for a month( 20mg once a day) my 5yr old daughter cuddled me and said &quot;I love having you as my Mum now, you aren&#039;t so angry any more &quot;   
This almost broke my heart and I have been on them ever since. 
I did try to wheen myself off them last year under doctors suggestions . After one month my husband told me to start them again as I was angry again .   I am back on them and my family us happy and so am I ."
"Stimate works great. In the first few minutes you should see a decrease in bleeding."
"awesome for burnt skin due to diarrhea -best ever. wish I had it for kids when they were young"
"I have taken this medication since 2008. I have colitis and taking this medication has done wonders. It works quickly and lasts long. I&#039;ve had no side effects."
"I have severe Osteoarthritis my fingers twisted, my knees have had 1 replace. The other needs one, my hips, my feet and back. I find a Aleve gel caps work better than my Voltaren. I also use oxycodone to help me with severe pain."
"Went on starter pack of Otezla.  Am on second week now and hands are again horrible, swelling splitting open and bleeding on almost every finger and one palm.  Have it on feet also but not nearly as bad.
I am trying to hang on to see if it will turn around.  I did have headache and diarrhea last week, eating more before taking it.  I am back on tapering dose of Prednisone to help with the horrible symptoms.  Trying to last a month with Otezla to see if it will, in fact, work for me, but trying to go on trips or be seen out and about is not easy when everyone focuses on your hands and their leprosy-like appearance.  Luckily my work friends are very supportive, even bringing in lotions they made and holistic medicines for me."
"Okay, so, I&#039;ve been taking this birth control for five years now. It does it&#039;s job at preventing pregnancy. Been with my boyfriend for three years, never used a condom, never pregnant. That&#039;s basically the only good thing about it. My acne has been terrible the entire time I&#039;ve used this birth control. My mood swings are insane, cramping makes me nauseous, and I would bleed for five to seven days. I&#039;m diagnosed with depression, and I noticed the week before my period I would get insanely depressed. I&#039;m guessing it was this birth control, considering it happened every month during the last week of pills. Switching over to Yasmin to see how that works."
"This review is about the insertion only. I had mine placed today so I can&#039;t review for effectiveness yet. I have never had kids. At the insertion, there was an uncomfortable pinch that hurt maybe a 4 or 5 on a scale of 1 to 10, but it only lasted a few seconds. The whole procedure took maybe 5 minutes. I took two tylenol before. I was not on my period because it has been irregular. I have had almost no bleeding from it. I was able to go into work afterward and work a full day. Some slight stomach cramps for the first couple of hours, but walking helped and it was completely manageable. The only disadvantage I foresee is it can make period bleeding unpredictable for a while. Don&#039;t let the pain reviews sway you. It really was not that bad."
"I just started on my 4th week of Saxenda. 
I lost 7 pounds the first week, but the scales haven&#039;t moved since.  I&#039;m barely hungry, but am nauseous most of the time with severe heartburn.  I did not feel fatigued until the last few days.  I&#039;m going to try for 1 more month hoping the side effects subside."
"It works.  I always take Bayer when I have a headache, and it always works.  I took store brand aspirin for four days battling a headache, and it just DID NOT work at ALL.  Popped two expired Bayer today and they still worked like magic on both my back pain from menstruation and the headache I haven&#039;t been able to get over.  I feel so much better that I literally went online to write a review about it.  If that doesn&#039;t convince you, I don&#039;t know what will.  Try it, it works."
"Everyone reacts differently.  I tried Trazodone twice - most recently for the past month to help out with insomnia issues.  Dosage was 25mg, temporarily raised to 50mg, then back down to 25mg.  It is not a drug that I found to have a powerful noticeable effect - it sort of acts in the background and when you drift off to sleep it aided that for me.  My problem was that at some point in the early AM I would awaken (2:30 or 3:00) and feel terrible with anxiety.  After a couple of weeks I also sensed a gloomier/dark mood and eventually had to stop taking it.  One random side effect - chapped lips and skin below my nose.  It works for many, just not for me.  One positive effect - seemed to assist with constipation issues."
"Seroquel XR has been a blessing for me.  I currently take 600 mg at night.  I have suffered from terrible insomnia but with this medicine. I actually get some sleep at night.  As far as anxiety goes, it works wonders for me.  It totally wiped out my anxiety and I was able to get off of Lithium.  In my opinion, it works wonderful for mania, but I wish it helped a little more with my depression.  I take 10mg of Prozac to boost that. I did gain some weight but the benefits outweigh this problem.  Overall, I think it is a wonderful medicine.  I would recommend it highly."
"I have been on Compazine for over 2 years and it has been an absolute overall relief of nausea, anxiety and nerves/nervous tension. Finding a doctor who will prescribe it without a struggle and or reservation is a whole other issue. I&#039;ve been told it carries too many side effects and isn&#039;t considered safe or for long term. I&#039;ve been told to switch to Zofran. The upside is Zofran seems to have a fairly good rating. I never suffered side effects from the Compazine."
"First off, I was 25 and childless.  I had tried the pill, but I am a poor forgetful soul, and that was unacceptable. The patch left an icky mark that hurt my skin.  I am married so we are beyond condoms.  My Mirena insertion, a year and a half ago, was somewhat painful, so I took a nap.  I had some cramps for the first two weeks, probably due to getting used to the hormones in the IUS.  My first cycle afterward, the blood seemed thin and only lasted a few days.  I have not had a period since. I really like Mirena because it&#039;s easy and I don&#039;t have to think about it. My sex drive is still great, and I don&#039;t have to pay every month for birth control.  I just wanted to explain all of the side effects I experienced so others could be informed."
"I took 12 weeks of it.  I&#039;d had Hep C since the 60&#039;s probably, stage 2 grade 2 liver, Genotype 1B.

ZERO side effects, you could have snuck it in my coffee.  I felt nothing from it, absolutely nothing.

Cured, marvellous stuff.  This month marks 2 years.

My insurance said I wasn&#039;t close enough to death to get it.

I got VERY lucky and hit the small window (6 months of so) when Gilead was giving it away - free to people that couldn&#039;t afford it.  

I&#039;m very surprised to read about all these side effects because again, I felt nothing from it.

But afterwards I felt something huge - relief."
"I was given Lyrica for diabetic neuropathy. After about 10 days, I started to hallucinate. I was in a terrible way. I have to say, it did help with the pain, but the side effects, for me anyway, were pretty horrific."
"Within the past year I&#039;ve swapped birth control 3 times. All in all, I must say the 2 years that I used Sronyx, I had 0 complaints! If I did gain weight, it was minimal, my periods came like clockwork.. to the point I could almost gauge the hour it would start. I changed from it being ambitious in the hopes of not having to deal with something everyday. Worst mistake ever."
"I was perscribed Lyrica for my fibromyalgia.  The first pill made me very dizzy and nauseous.  The second pill woke me up at 3am (I took it at 9:30 pm) with a terrible headache.  I will not be taking anymore.  The irony is ALL of my pain is gone.  I cannot live with the side effects though.  "
"I have been on Ambien for almost a month now. This drug works maybe a 30 mins later but I do not stay sleep. It gives me maybe a good 6 hours of rest. I&#039;m tired throughout the day but still can&#039;t fall asleep when I get home."
"Klonopin is a great, I went through trial and error to get it but my doctor finally prescribed it! Been on it for 2 months and it&#039;s been great, but people you still need to learn to cope while on it, it&#039;s not just a miracle pill. I give it a 9/10."
"I got the Nexplanon inserted in November, 2013 and bled for all but 10 hours in the first two months, then started bleeding only every other week and now I&#039;m back to bleeding nonstop. It&#039;s been a terrible experience for me considering my doctor told me the bleeding would stop for good after 3 months."
"Augmentin knocks out sinus infections faster and better than any other medication I&#039;ve tried.  Eat some greek yogurt while taking it and you won&#039;t have any stomach issues."
"I have been on Alesse for 6 years now and I have never had any issues. No cramping, no acne, no weight gain. I highly recommend this birth control.

24 yr old"
"Clarifoam works great...my skin looks amazing. The only drawback to using this product is that you have to leave it on for 10 minutes. I leave it on in the shower..but you have to do it twice a day making the second time harder because you have to wait to wash it off."
"No good at all, run for your life. Acne break out terrible big yellow hard to squeeze bumps and I never ever had any acne. Clean face all my life, even on other birth control, blood clots in legs. Heavy lumpy flows, disgustingly thick periods. I&#039;m at 110 lbs when started Dasetta 777, rapidly weight gained15 lbs within 2 months. I had to give away all my small underwear couldn&#039;t go on my butt, tight, very uncomfortable. Always steady on my weight, hate that pill it, come off of it right away for your life. Now off it for almost a month now and slowly dropping back to my normal weight and life(very,very, very very, very NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE) . Back to my regulated body and small underwear lol."
"Light headache side effect which lasted for almost two days.  Lost 18 lbs in three weeks.  No longer wanting to eat ice cream at night."
"Taking this medication for only a few days I feel that my life is worth living. Enough said"
"For ME it was awful.  I was on this pill for 7 days.  I went to the doctor today because my heart was beating so fast on these pills and I was paranoid, anxious, shaking, and very very Bit**y.  I thought I was having a heart attack at work I was crying, it was awful. I went to the doctor and I couldn&#039;t get words out.  My pulse was 115 and blood pressure was high (never ever is) it just shot up. The doctor said I was having a panic attack and that it is due to the medication.  She took me off it and for the next 5 days I am on LORAZEPAM 0.5MG (sedative to calm me down - take it at night) and switching me back to sertaline.  This was the worst experience of my life.  I thought I was going to end up in the ER or dead."
"I often wonder if it was a miracle that Zyprexa made my voices go away.  Plus I know that when stressed I have a hard time sleeping but I will sleep 1 hour after taking the pill.  I&#039;ve had about everything in 22 years, and if the weight doesn&#039;t get you its a great medication if it works.  Maybe they will find one that works for every psychotic with this break through."
"I think it might be just as good as Adderall. I can&#039;t tell fully yet as I haven&#039;t totally adjusted to it. I do feel clear headed, focused and content."
"Lipitor gave huge muscle cramps in my legs, sides and stomach."
"I have type one diabetes so not being able to eat, due to nausea and vomiting, can really throw blood/sugar levels off in a hurry.  My doctor prescribed trimethobenzamide for me many years ago, when I was suffering with the flu and it worked extremely well and almost instantly, so I&#039;ve always requested it whenever I&#039;ve had problems with nausea which (thankfully) is very infrequently but it&#039;s been (possibly literally) a life-saver at those times!!!"
"Works well.  Watch for diaper rash (yeast type) in infants.  Apply cream to diaper area liberally at every diaper change and give probiotics."
"Not sure why they give this to people but they sure do...  Took 3 months and besides the foaming at the mouth and memory loss and the inability to articulate words ( my family thought i was drunk :( )  And the lack of coordination to the point i couldnt even walk straight.  I rode my bicycle on this stuff and tipped over into the street and almost got run over!!!!  So then they added Carbamazapine to try and &quot;help&quot; with the lithium side effects and it made EVERYTHING worse!!!  Folks there is only one drug i have found that helps both extreme mania and extreme despression and curbs the rapid swings and that is cannibus sativa ( not indica ).  God gave us this flower for a reason and no you dont even have to smoke it...  Just eat a cookie :)"
"I have my colonoscopy tomorrow - started my prep at 7, got all the medicine down like instructed. Literally 10 minutes after the first liter, I was on the toilet. To be honest, haven&#039;t really left yet. Just about to start 2nd liter and wondering how I will do it. I don&#039;t see myself honestly getting it all down - but I do know once I start to run &quot;clear&quot; I am quitting. I&#039;m going diarrhea to severe constipation. I can&#039;t seem to get my bowels on track and haven&#039;t for 2 months now. Only 35, so hoping it&#039;s just diet related. Good luck to anyone in my shoes."
"I began taking adipex in 7/31/15.  I weighed in at 204.4 at my annual Gyn appt and was disgusted that I had let myself get that heavy.  I hadn&#039;t weight that much when I was pregnant with my kids.  I am 5&#039;8&quot;.  My goal was to lose 15 pounds by Labor Day.  I was down 17 by that point.  I am now 22.4 pounds down and beginning my last month on it.  I use my fitness pal and try to keep to 1200 calories per day, high in protein.  I generally get in 4-7 miles a day walking and do a 25 minute exercise video 6 days per week.  I am hopeful that I have finally changed my lifestyle.  I needed the jumpstart.  Only side effects early were dry mouth - I drink lots of water.  I plan to cut down to 1/2 pill a day this month.  Love how it&#039;s working."
"5 yrs .5 works perfectly with zero side effects."
"I used the product before bed and by morning everything hurt &#039;down there&#039; I felt like My vagina had gone through a blender.  Not so much burning but just SORE, even sitting down at work was painful.  It&#039;s been 15 hours and the pain is about half of what it was and the itching is gone! I can take the pain for relief from the darn itching that fast! Sooooo grateful it&#039;s almost gone!!!"
"Had Implanon inserted in August 2009. Bled for over 2 months into Novemeber and have not had a period since. In the past week have experienced breast tenderness, nausea, lower back pain and slight dizziness which I worried was due to pregnancy. Have done 3 negative tests, however I feel slightly paranoid still and could swear I have a strange taste in my mouth normally associated with pregnancy but I hope it&#039;s just all in my head! Going to the doctors on Thursday so here&#039;s hoping I&#039;m not caught out in that tenth of a percent!"
"Started on carvedilol 6.25mg 3 weeks ago. Have had serious issues with dizziness, nausea and severe pressure in the back of my head and neck. When I am laying down the pressure is not as bad but if I am trying to read anything, the pressure gets severe."
"I&#039;ve only been on spiro for three weeks, but it has seriously made SUCH a difference already! I&#039;m on BC so I don&#039;t feel the effects of mid-cycle spotting so that&#039;s a plus. But, when I first started spiro, my existing cystic breakout on my cheeks got so, so much worse (red, bumpy, painful). Now, my skin is calm. The marks from the awful breakout are still there and tiny bumps are going down, but it is 85% better than before. I&#039;m on two topicals as well, so perhaps all in conjunction are doing wonders for my skin. I&#039;m so happy, though. I&#039;m 21 in a new city and haven&#039;t had a cystic breakout like this in at least 3-4 years. It&#039;s great to think my skin could get even better than this...."
"hello, I am a 24 year old male who has been dealing with depression, anxiety, and lack of focus in my life four a couple years now. After a recommendation from a friend i decided to make a change and start on 50mg of prestiq. Im a relatively small person 5&#039;5 130 pounds and immediately felt the effects of the medication. I had a huge surge of energy that was a little overwhelming. I was much more sociable and confident, also my curiosity was dramatically increased and i managed to blaze through several books in a weeks time. This was a huge shift in my normal behavior which was generally lazy and unfocused. Now I&#039;ve been on the drug for about 3 months and the effects aren&#039;t as noticeable but I&#039;d say my life has changed for the better."
"I have had the paragard (copper) for 9 years and 11 month...and tomorrow will be having it removed and putting one back in because of it working so well.... I am so happy I got the Paragard.sometimes you forget you have it"
"I had sex July 21st which was only two weeks after starting birth control. He assumed the birth control worked right away and finished inside of me. We went the next morning to get the pill, and I took it about 12 hours after the incident. I was tired, moody, and bled for 7 days after taking the pill. I did not start my normal period but chalked it up to the pill threw me off. About a month after the pill, I was still feeling tired and moody, but also started feeling nauseous. I took 3 pregnancy tests (because you can never be too sure lol) and they all came back positive. I am now 6 wks 3 days pregnant. Looking back on my calendar, I was ovulating when we had sex."
"Woke up at 1:30 am yesterday with a horrible headache, severe body aches, chills, and low grade fever. I felt like I was going to die! I recognized the symptoms from having had the flu 2 years ago so was at acute care when they opened at 8. I was tested positive for influenza B and prescribed tamiflu. I took the first dose around 10 and felt nauseous because I took it on an empty stomach. I took the next dose with food and felt better. I felt almost completely better by my third dose that I took this morning and by my 4th dose I am completely without symptoms."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and got my first YI as soon as I moved in with my husband. I called my mom crying, and didn&#039;t know what to do. So she recommended this product, stating that it sucks but will get rid of my problem with my lady parts... Sucks!? That&#039;s not justifying how horribly itchy this is!! Let&#039;s just say I thought I would be fine, I stood up thinking it was all going to be normal and I was going to lay down... My head hit the pillow and I started itching a little... Then it hit me, it felt like a fire ants and a million bug bites at once. My first night... Going to tough it through the next 6... I wish you luck to whoever is brave enough to take on this challenge"
"When I get a yeast infection, I usually turn to Monistat 1.  This time I was on penicillin for illnesses and the doctor told me to give her a ring if I developed a yeast infection.  Sure enough, I did.  I took the prescription because I figured it&#039;d knock it out better than any OTC.  First dose...no change in symptoms after 3 days.  Second dose...no change again.  I read that symptoms should start to go away after 1-2 days.  So, after a week of battling yeast on diflucan,  I bought Monistat 1.  After insertion of the egg, it was painfully obvious that the pill did nothing as I could feel the itching burn of the egg working.  Well, here it is a day after Monistat...feel soooo much better!!!  I guess prescription isn&#039;t always better."
"Yaz did not work for me, is an excellent birth control but my sex drive went down, and caused me terrible headaches, gained weight, felt tired all the time. "
"Have had other medications but to no avail. But was put on Prolia and so far have had 2 injections and feel very good in myself. But like others l also take other vitamins every morning which has been prescribed, and along with these l feel fine. Will need another in six months,"
"I have been diagnosed with MDD, GAD, and OCD. I have tried many medications including Lexapro, Wellbutrin, and Effexor. After a major depressive episode during the summer of 2009, I was prescribed Pristiq at 50 mg. Within days I was feeling energetic and happy with no side effects except weight loss! In addition, I am slowing weaning myself off of Cymbalta. Cymbalta worked well for my anxiety/panic attacks for the past four years, but left me with no sexual desire. I am down to 30mg from 60mg. I take Klonopin 2x daily as well. Pristiq was truly a life saver. I just hope once I&#039;m off Cymbalta I can reach the Big O."
"This works amazing. I have been on it for about 20 years. My GERD is gone, but all my bones shattered when I fell of bed. This drug makes your bones brittle like uncooked ziti."
"Have had essential temors for many years, now at age 69 they interfered with my quality of life.  Could not hold anything steady and my beautiful penmanship was horrid!  I fought the thought of taking a prescribed medicine since I was so lucky not to take any, even at my age, except Imitrex for migraines 2-3 times a month.  I am taking 50mg 2x a day, and it has been working great, even the migraines has decreased.  I am sleeping so soundly at night that my days are so much better.  After 4 months on it, I have noticed no side effects, but a little of the tremor is returning, which my doctor told me could happen.  Not ready to increase dose though."
"Had this implant for a 7  months now. Mood swings from hell that send my family diving for the trenches. This all started from the 50lbs I gained, and then  depressed from my weight. I go to the gym everyday and don&#039;t eat much and still can&#039;t rid of it. I have it removed in a week and cannot wait until I detox from any birth control to get my life back. I have developed health issues due to the weight gain in the past 6months."
"wow, this stuff will clean engines inside and out ha ha.  nasty taste but very effective.  won&#039;t do it again i can assure you that"
"Schering-Plough is moving their facility that makes Drixoral and it will be back on the shelves late in 2009.  Go to their website for more information.  This is great news!"
"I was prescribed Ultracet after a car accident.  I found the side effect of constipation a blessing in disguise.  I rarely took the maximum dosage and realized it greatly helped my irritable bowel syndrome.  I take one tablet per day and have little to no issues with loose bowels."
"I have been using this patch for one week and It keeps falling off. One shower and It is off.
I didn&#039;t have any relief from this. Around the edges It collects dirt and then doesn&#039;t stick."
"Im a teenager so pregnancy was definitely not an option for me. When I found out that the condom broke I was so scared, balling crying. I got plan b one step a little over an hour after the mishap happened. About a week later I had my period, throughout those days I had no symptoms ever, until the day I had my period again, which I only had mild cramps. When I didn&#039;t have any symptoms I was freaking out, but it&#039;s all good, the symptoms are optional!!"
"I have used this for years now!  I love it, before taking I absolutely could not sleep.  I started out with 50mg, and am now taking 75mg after all of these years.  I cannot sleep without it and I have no side effects from this medicine. 
"
"Disclaimer: This is only general information. Consult a doctor before making any changes to your medications.

If you&#039;re trying to get off antidepressants, it may be easier to FIRST switch to an antidepressant other than venlafaxine. A different antidepressant may be easier to withdraw from. Some doctors will allow you to switch antidepressants in a process that does not require a full withdrawal from the first drug, before starting the next one . My doctor allowed this and it was relatively easy, but it can be dangerous if not done properly.

I&#039;m currently giving venlafaxine a second try. It worked well but i switched drugs because of side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on Accutane for three months now and have already seen a major difference in my skin. My skin used to be super oily to the point where even right after I washed my face there was a layer of oil. After the first month all the oil had dried up, but I still had acne (which is obviously to be expected). Now, after just 3 months my acne is almost completely gone. Granted, I always have to have chapstick wherever I go since my lips are very dry, but it is manageable. I also have to make sure to apply lotion regularly especially on colder days. Other than the dryness, I have had no other side effects and would certainly say that the side effects I have had are worth it."
"I have had Seborrheic Dermatitis since I was 15 years old. I am now 38 and thanks to Elocon Scalp Lotion I have everything under control. I apply the lotion to my hairline and rub it in once a week...within 2 days for some reason the redness in my face dissapears, feels supple and I pretty much am able to forget about my condition. I also wash my face every evening with SBR Lipo Cream as a moisturiser."
"At age 38, I had a Mirena inserted. It was uncomfortable and I had spotting for the next 2 weeks. My doctor informed me of this so the bleeding was expected. I have been having light periods every 2-3 months for 6 days. This month after a year of having the Mirena, I have the never ending period! It&#039;s been 3 1/2 weeks and counting and I&#039;ve got the most horrible cramps. They started before my period and I need to take Advil daily to get through the day. I have no idea what is going on after all this time. Is this normal?! My doctor kept telling me I&#039;d be so happy and satisfied by this and have less bleeding and likely no
periods. I&#039;m going to see her in a couple weeks but I&#039;m really starting to wonder if this is the birth control for me."
"I have been on Depo-Provera for about 4 weeks. Started spotting a pink color. Then my period came a week late. I&#039;ve been bleeding over a week as of now. Next shot isn&#039;t until next month. Cramps used to be severe but now I barely feel them. Appetite has changed. Mood swings all the time and constantly feel nauseous."
"I&#039;m a 40yo old male who started Lexapro just over three weeks ago for GAD. The psychiatrist advised 5mg for the first 2 weeks to adjust to side effects, then to 10mg. The first 2 weeks I barely noticed any effect, maybe a little less stressed than usual, but then moving up to 10mg really hit me hard - fatigue, sweats, confusion, nausea, panic attacks. Honestly, 5 days in I was at the point of calling my doctor to say I couldn&#039;t take it anymore. But then on day 6, I woke up feeling a whole lot better. It&#039;s hard to describe but I just feel focused and relaxed in a way that I&#039;d forgotten how, or maybe never knew. I&#039;m now on day 8 at 10mg and am so glad I stuck with it. Talk to you Dr if you&#039;re feeling terrible but know it can get better."
"I&#039;ve been taking Tamoxifen for 10 months now.  At first, I seemed okay.  The doctor prescribed Effexor at the same time to combat any menopausal symptoms.  I fell into a bad funk.  SEVERE depression and not sleeping.  I stopped taking the Effexor (doctor wasn&#039;t too happy) thinking that was causing some adverse effects.  He put me on Trazodone 50 mg for sleep. That worked for a short period of time so they upped the dosage to 100 mg at night.  However, my depression is tenfold.  I&#039;m so irritable and angry all the time.  The slightest thing sets me off.  I can&#039;t stand to be around people.  I can&#039;t concentrate and my appetite has decreased.  I&#039;ve lost about 8 pounds. I just don&#039;t feel right, ever, anymore.  I have to stay on this for 5 years."
"I retired over 3 yrs. ago and almost immediately my schedule began to change, ending up in a situation in which I couldn&#039;t fall asleep sometimes until as late 5 or 6 am, and not get up until around noon!  Yesterday my lung doc, who also does sleep studies, suggested doxepin.  I had already had a bad experience with it many years ago - 10 mg. It put me to sleep alright, but I felt like a frigging zombie the next day .He told me that was too strong a dose and recommended half of that.  He also told me that most insurance companies won&#039;t pay for it in any dose except the generic 10 mg. capsule.  Not the 3mg. tablet or the liquid. So, I half the caps nightly in water. Slept fine;no hangover. Retired 11:30 &amp; up @ 8.Hope tonight&#039;s same. Dose is key!"
"This thing worked wonders! I&#039;m so glad I asked my doctor about it! I would like to remind some people that at first, you apply it for 3 nights in a row, then after that, only once a week."
"I have been taking Toprol-XL for about 8 years now. I started at 10mg and then 50mg and now at 100mg. It has brought my Blood Pressure under control - was 150 /80   - now at 130 /70 . Also brought down my Heart Rate, which was 88 resting to 60  resting. I am a light smoker who has asthma/mild COPD, metoprolol has shown no effect on these conditions as my PF and FEv1 has not changed .

PROS: Reduced Blood Pressure to normal
Reduced anxiety levels.

CONS: Tired (mild), weight gain (mild)
Erectile dysfunction (mild), Heart skipping a beat (occasional only and mild)."
"I was a pack a day smoker for 30 years, have COPD, and was using oxygen at night and at exertion.%uFFFD I used Chantix for 6 months per pulmonary doctor and have been smoke free for 1 year in October. No longer use oxygen, was able to give that up after about 7 months of no smoking and have never felt better in my life. I am 52 and wish I had known about Chantix long ago. I had tried to quit so many times, me and husband, and now we&#039;re both smoke/nicotine free. The nausea was very bothersome, lasted about 4 months for me. Well worth all the bother and sickness."
"I got Nexplanon January 2015. Had no periods until March 2015. After that my period lasted for 6 months straight which is presently September. I have bad headaches and horrible mood swings. My doctor prescribed me 2 different hormones to try and stop the bleeding but nothing worked. I am getting this out tomorrow!"
"I began taking Cryselle a little over two years ago. I began taking it to fix irregular periods. At first, I didn&#039;t notice any side effects but here lately I have been on an emotional roller coaster. I am constantly going from happy to sad within minutes. I have also noticed that I have been feeling depressed constantly. People have asked me numerous times if something is wrong due to my mood swings. I don&#039;t recommend this pill at all! I have already switched pills.."
"I got mine beginning of May 2013. For the first month I didn&#039;t bleed, but then I got my period early June. I was worried that I was going to be bleeding for the next several months (since I had a bad experience with bleeding with the shot), but I only bled for about two weeks! I haven&#039;t had sex yet while on the Implanon so I&#039;m worried that after I do have sex again while on it I might bleed again. But so far I love it!"
"This medicine was covered for me by Worker&#039;s Compensation when I was taking it, but they decided that they would not pay for it any longer. This decision was made and introduced statewide and Doctors were instructed to prescribe something else for their patients. It has been a TERRIBLE decision because pills are not nearly as effective as the patches, and sadly I am not financially capable of paying for the patches myself.  I would love to have the patches back, they are an excellent product."
"Helped pass large (7 mm) stone in 4 days."
"Had a bad flare up of gout in my let foot.  Dr. prescribed Colcrys and after three days I had no relief from the pain, swelling or burning, but I did have terrible nausea and diahrrea.  Doctor then switched me to Indomethacine and within hours the pain started to subside.  Now, two days later, I&#039;m about 80% back to normal."
"Just started Epclusa a week ago for genotype 3 Hep C which I was diagnosed with a year ago that&#039;s why I only gave it a 5-rating. It&#039;s been a rough first week with fatigue, headaches and nausea. I&#039;m trying to remain positive after reading all the success stories below. I go for my first blood test in another week and will post follow-up with results. Fingers crossed I&#039;ll be another success story! "
"I got my Liletta September 2016. I was a little scared that day and I thought they where not going to insert it because I had my period. But my doctor said it is better to insert when your on your period. It was fast and minor pain. I had painful cramps for one hour that day only. For the next 3 months my cycles where normal and everything good. But for the past 2 month&#039;s I started having some discomfort. Hot flashes , back pain, mood swings, fatigue ,chest pain, very low sex drive and minor depression . The worst is the hot flashes. I&#039;ve done Thiyroid , estrogen, pregnacsy test and others. All the results are good. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s the Liletta it&#039;s the only recent change l have done."
"I&#039;ve had very little side effects with this medicine and it quickly takes the edge off of a panic attack."
"It has really helped my depression. I used to cry a lot, not want to do anything. I&#039;m much calmer about stressful things &amp; less irritable. I thank God for this medication &amp; the who started me on my meds!"
"Suboxone saved my life. I was on 300mg oxycodone everyday for over a year and before I took 200mg Norco for years. I lost everything, savings, friends, cars, and borrowed and lied to everyone I know. I said enough is enough and got on Suboxone. I take 1 x 8mg a day and I have been clean for three months now. Had a buddy who stopped at the same time as me but did not go on Suboxone and he relapsed within a week. That&#039;s proof this is the only way to get of pills."
"I just finished the first week on Contrave. 52 yr old female, 5&#039;5 182. I was already taking Wellbutrin so I didn&#039;t have to adjust, first week I cut my Wellbutrin dose in half and I will completely go off it as I titrated up. So, no side effects! Lost 4 pounds the first week. Just started the two per day and I couldn&#039;t finish my salad for dinner because I was full. I have also been able to cut out wine, I can&#039;t believe I&#039;m not craving it. I&#039;m hoping to lose 30 pounds and will add exercise."
"My son has had asthma from the beginning, he was placed on Singulair at 18 months.  It did seem to help, but he has now developed side effects and we have taken him off of it.  He becomes very agitated, and aggressive.  He is normally a very calm and sweet child.  It took a while to put two and two together.  We took him off, and his sweet nature came back.  Truthfully, it scared me how much this medicine affected his mood.  It works great for asthma, but we won&#039;t use it anymore."
"I was scared to take this because of the reviews but I experienced ZERO burning or itching from the medication. I had itching from the yeast infection but not excessive itching that was said in the reviews. Every body reacts to medicines differently so don&#039;t completely write off trying monistat just because of the bad reviews below. I didn&#039;t experience any of that and I felt relief on the second day and now is completely gone. I took it night and tried not to get up a lot until the morning. The ointment also somewhat helped."
"Started on 0.6mg Saxenda on May 8th weighing 342 lbs. After 7 days I upped the dosage to 0.9mg for 5 days then to 1.2mg. I have had no side affects from the medication aside from a very slight headache the first few days, could be unrelated since its allergy season right now. Today is May 23rd and I&#039;ve lost 15lbs. I am using this drug along with a low carb diet. My constant hunger was gone starting with the first injection. Is this how normal people feel? I don&#039;t wake up hungry, I don&#039;t go through my day always feeling hungry, I don&#039;t go to bed hungry. It&#039;s so liberating to be able to focus on other things instead of constantly being consumed by hunger."
"Horrible birth control experience! I do not recommend this method to anyone. I&#039;ve only been taking the pill for about a week and I&#039;ve been in the ER and urgent care for extreme chest/back pain and trouble breathing. My lung is now inflamed as a side effect of this pill (Junel Fe) This pill has effected my daily life and caused a lot of unexpected medical expenses. I am a very healthy 29 year old with no history of health problems. I do not smoke either. Very unfortunate situation. Please do your research before taking this pill."
"I got really bad acne when I turned 14 and my period wasn&#039;t regular and  after trying a lot of things I started taking yasmin when I was 15 and my acne started to clear up in two to three months of using it I went off it when I was 17 and the acne came back really badly so I went back on it  until I turned 19. I thought my hormones would be normal by then I was off yasmin for 3 months it seem to go good but I didn&#039;t get my period at all and then I started breaking out again so I&#039;m back on yasmin since then ."
"I switched to Loestrin, as the pill I was on before caused me to have migraines. I&#039;ve only used Loestrin for a week, but my migraines have stopped, however it&#039;s caused me to break out ridiculously. I&#039;ve never suffered from spots before, but I&#039;ve broken out all over my forehead and on my cheeks. "
"I have been on this medication for about 6 weeks and it is absolutely amazing. My legs have completely clear. The only sign of my plaque psoriasis is the hyper pigmentation and slowly but surely that is going away as well. I no longer itch either. All of my family and friends have noticed that drastic change in my skin. I even wore a dress for the first time in 4 years today. I could go on forever. Of course everyone&#039;s body is different, please keep this in mind."
"I have short bowel syndrome and I have never found anything that has worked as well. I have been told other drugs such as pepcit  are the same but they are not. This has been taken off prescription and now not available."
"So this morning I got my first ParaGard inserted. I am 20 years old and have never had a baby. I made the mistake of reading reviews and experiences along with the horror stories about insertion. I figured that since I was so young and have never had a baby this was going to be awful, down right excruciating. Well it was not. I realize the pain varies from body to body, but if you were like me, reading and reading reviews scared to death, it is okay, you will be fine it legit lasts a minute. It does not feel like someone is tasering my uterus nor is it the worst pain I have ever experienced (literally what I read and expected). Feels like a deep strong cramp, tolerable cramp."
"Has been a life saver to me. I have a very long history with trauma and has caused me a lifetime of serious pain CRPS, FIBROMYALGIA, PTSD . All my doctor&#039;s had said the pain was &quot;in my head&quot;, and hearing someone, who SHOULD understand that you can have unimaginable pain due to trauma combined with other Neurological &amp; Psychiatric issues. Thanks to my Psychiatrist for prescribing this for me..It&#039;s helped with my depression anxiety and insomnia as well. My doctor and I have an incredible bond...A bond that has taken years, decades, to build the most respected form of TRUST. I DO NOT MESS WITH NOR USE MY MEDICATIONS FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN WHAT I&#039;M PRESCRIBED. I keep my RXs to myself &amp; hidden well. Do Not Mess with medicine. NOT INTENDED FOR RECREATIONAL USE, EVER!!!!"
"I am in my mid 30&#039;s and take 5mg daily. I start a day before I know I will have intercourse so I have more in my system. It works alright. I am not fully erect on the spot. It does take stimulation. I definitively get the facial flushing side effect. Does not bother me much. One thing I did notice is I am constantly at a semi erect state. So I know it is working because more blood is going to that area. Its always nice knowing you will get erect and not having to worry. It is good stuff."
"The only side effects I have experienced are bloating and tender breast. I think my breast are growing and I think it is a downside because I don&#039;t want them too. I didn&#039;t notice any weight loss or gain. I had spotting which is normal but it is annoying I just suggest using pantyliners"
"Good so far I just started today. I will let you know at the end of this week."
"Would give a negative rating if it was available! Made me sick for almost two years and would not recommend to anyone. Causes copper toxicity in some people! Do your research and just because it doesn&#039;t hormones, doesn&#039;t make it a better choice (that&#039;s what I thought)! Little did I know it was poisoning my body!"
"I have frequent kidney stone attacks. On one trip to the ER I was given a prescription for Flomax and decided to fill it.  Next time I got an attack I took one and was amazed that the stone passed within about an hour!  Normally I would have been in agony for hours before passing the stone.   I make sure to carry Flomax with me now. Two days ago I got another attack, took one Flomax and the pain stopped and the stone passed shortly thereafter."
"This pill made me have 2 full cycles each month. With lots of cramping. NOT an equivalent generic."
"I have been on Bactrim for 1 week now and my skin is almost completely clear. I had a very bad infection across my chin and up to the right side of my nose, small red pumps, and and itchy rash that would peel over and got infected. Within 2 days I noticed a huge difference. This medicine saved my life for sure. Dermatitis and skin issues on the face can really do a number on your self esteem. I am back to almost clear skin and so so happy. A little tired and was dizzy at first but promethazine helps with that if your doctor can prescribe it, helps with nausea. other then that, this medicine rocks."
"I have Lung cancer w/ mets to bone.  Two hours after the injection, I experienced the worst pain ever in my life! 
I walked into the infusion area without any body pain, just a very slight back ache which advil was helping, and 2 hours later I was crippled.  It&#039;s 2 weeks now &amp; I&#039;m either in a wheelchair or walking around the house with a cane.  Horrible, horrible medication.  i now take oxycontine every 12 hours and  oxycodone every 3 hours.  Refuse this drug if you are smart.  Even my oncologist is &quot;surprised&quot; with the side effects I have.  I refuse to have a second injection of xgeva."
"I have been using Loestrin for about a year now and at first I had horrible mood swings, I was hungry all the time, and my breasts hurt. Overall though I loved the pill because it made me have shorter periods and it made my breasts bigger. After a while, however, I started gaining weight in all the wrong places. When I started Loestrin I was 105 lbs now I am 125 lbs. I have tried everything to lose the weight and I haven&#039;t had any luck. I am switching THIS WEEK!"
"I&#039;ve been a diabetic for two years.  The first year my numbers were maxing out my meter. At 9 months I started on low dose of onglazia.  I started feeling better. Then by 1 full year as diabetic I was taking a slightly higher dose. I ve dropped 50lbs with the metformin and onglazia combined.  Now at two years of taking onglazia my AIC is 5.7 and my average blood sugar is 119. I have just been told doc wants to take me off onglazia.  She&#039;s concerned my numbers are to low and is even planning on getting me off metformin.  I am scared to of that.  I&#039;m finally feeling like my old self. Even at $35 a month onglazia is so worth the cost!"
"I have been taking Genvoya now for 11 days. Recently diagnosed with really good lab cbc ranges, cd4 count and low viral load (was exposed early year 2016). I take it at noon everyday with my lunch, just to remain consistent. 
I can tell the medication is doing some work. My body feels different. I get really sleepy an hour after taking. First few days I felt warmer inside, even though I never have a temp. The indigestion is also very apparent and annoying at times. I noticed this the first day I started treatment. I also have some stomach cramping and frequent need to urinate. Cramping discomfort is very low grade.  I think my body is working hard to clear and filter all the virus. 
I feel good overall."
"Okay so I just wanted to update. This pill is killing my face. I literally have over 30 pimples on my face that are huge, red, cystic, and definitely 100% because of this pill. I never had acne like this. Also IT GAVE ME GINGIVITIS. I literally have GUM issues because this pill is so wacked out. I am a very mellow person and recently I have been having the worst anxiety and it&#039;s definitely because of this. Today was my last pill so hopefully everything will start to go back to normal."
"I have (HAD) strong panic and anxiety attacks specially out in public. I feared everything. Always the ...  What if this?... What if that? ..worried about the worst things that could happen. Lived on edge of my seat. Then doctor gave me Xanax and I felt like myself again. All fear was gone and I was so much happier. More at ease with things. I didn&#039;t stress out so fast and could go have fun in my life. Xanax is my life saver. "
"Works great for me. No side effects at all and it&#039;s been effective as well."
"I haven&#039;t been on this long. My highest weight this week was 228 at the Dr and 225.7 at home and I am now down to 220.9. I am 5&#039;5 and 32. The nausea is bearable, what isn&#039;t is being overweight. It has definitely curbed my appetite. I find that if I can eat through the nausea then I feel better. I am apprehensive of drinking too much on this medication. I still have had a glass of wine. Constipation is noticeable but I will look into a laxative. I haven&#039;t really been feeling tired, though I am only on 0.6 until Thursday. I don&#039;t want to start any happy dances until I am under 200, but I am not going to object the weight loss I have already witnessed. I definitely have hope. I&#039;ll check in again to update on my progress."
"I used this on a persistent basal cell carcinoma, in the centre of my forehead, which never healed and bleed at times, on application ,nothing happened much for a week, but then my face erupted right across my forehead, large red blotches which turned to blisters.   
I  used it for three weeks instead of six weeks as recommended.  I went to  my doctor who said to stop using it.  The scabs soon cleared, and after a short while my skin was clear and back to normal.  Was it worth it?Most definitely, no carcinoma, in the UK it&#039;s a prescription drug and only available through a doctor, and paid for by our NHS so I don&#039;t know the cost."
"I&#039;m on my second month and I&#039;d say it&#039;s doing what it&#039;s intended to do. My periods are slightly less heavy and I don&#039;t have the normal monthly cramping like I used to. I have not lost my sex drive, and if anything its been increased. However, I did notice a change in appetite and a feeling of never feeling full. I seem to want to eat everything in my path. My acne seems unchanged, but maybe it&#039;s too early to notice."
"I started my Xolair shots May 2016 after suffering hive out breaks for 5 plus years. The shot worked immediately. I had 9 injections once monthly. Then I had a new insurance provider which  requires me to start the regime Allegra, Zantac and Hydroxyzine HCL two times daily then adding Singular. Two days on Singular I had horrible outbreaks called my Allergy Dr. continued on with other meds waiting to get approved for Xolair.  The shot cant come soon enough. Now I just hope I can afford it."
"Started at 15 mg, but found it ineffective. Then 20 mg worked only marginally. Found that 30 to 40 mg works great and I wake up far more refreshed than with ambien or lunesta. I know that exceeds the recommended dosage (and requires a pill cutter for 30 mg), but I don&#039;t care. That&#039;s what works for me."
"I have drank 3 bottles of wine a night for a long time gained 3 stone and decided I need to quit drinking get fit and loose weight. Nothing works better than this tablet I don&#039;t even want a drink it&#039;s amazing"
"I&#039;ve been on Previfem for 3 months and I am still experiencing breakthrough bleeding that lasts until my withdrawal bleed. I take the pill at 6:15 every morning, and have never been off by more than 15 min. The only positives are that my breakthrough bleeding occurs like clockwork (after 12 active pills) and it made my skin better. But the bleeding itself drains the life out of me and makes me really depressed. 

I gained 7 pounds on the pill, but I think I had a hormone imbalance that made me lose weight before that. I had lost 10 pounds while eating everything in sight before that, and I had a period that faded into light spotting but would not stop for almost 2 months (only stopped because of the pill). 

I am switching pills next month."
"Honestly a godsend for my cat allergy. No bitter taste, minor to no side effects at all. I can breathe with this stuff. Long term user."
"I have been on the medication for 4 weeks now.  No side effects really. I feel full all the time so when I eat I am definitely not over eating any longer. I haven&#039;t lost any weight yet but I just started exercising. I will post a review in a month or so with updates if there are any.  The cost is 100 through my insurance but they have a discount card that brings it to 30"
"PLEASE DON&#039;T TAKE LEVAQUIN  or any other fluoroquinolone.  It can destroy all of the tendons in your body and cause severe organ damage.  It has basically disabled me.  There are AT LEAST tens of 1,000s of people harmed by this drug.  The FDA put out a black box warning against this drug in July 2016.  Please read it!"
"Been taking Neurontin for several years now, from 4200mg down to 1200mg a day, after my sciatic nerve got damaged during 1st back surgery. Tried many medicines, no relief, doctor put me on clinical dose of 4200mg a day, many side effects. Down to 3200mg a day, awesome, was able to walk and live(no work). Back got worse, needed 2nd surgery and had to get off some medicines, getting off Neurontin was the WORST WITHDRAWALS. 6 months after doctor&#039;s put me back on Neurontin but only 1800mg. Still on Neurontin today and still working awesome. No side effects, low dose on all medicines keeps side effects down. Just watch the WITHDRAWALS."
"This medication has been a life saver for me. My 22 month old granddaughter and her mother live with me and my husband. It is a job keeping up with her and without Orencia I can&#039;t even walk my pain is so severe. Thank You Orencia."
"I developed anal fissures after using Invokamet and Invokana.  My GI Dr. prescribed Rectiv to heal them.  It worked!  However, I got an instant Migraine
each time.  You cannot take aspirin, so I took my Migraine medicine - Fiorcet.  It took about two weeks to heal.  A real godsend!  Only downfall was the cost -
$525.00 per tube.  Insurance covered it, thankfully!"
"I had skyla inserted a month ago. It was slightly painful and I spotted for an hour. If you have had a child skyla procedure is a breeze. I had my daughter 3 months ago all natural and once you experience that pain NOTHING else can hurt you. My boyfriend felt the strings for a few minutes and then no longer. My cycle lasted a week with very light cramps."
"I took Apri for over 2 years with no side effects. My periods went from extremely heavy for 6-7 days to very light for 3-4 days. My cramps went away, skin cleared up a little bit. Then I switched to Implanon for a month. During that time I bled every single day and broke out horribly all over my chest and back. So I got that removed and went back on Apri. Since then my periods have gone back to normal, I&#039;ve gone up 2 cup sizes in the last 8 months, but I have been experiencing some very mild nausea and lightheadedness. I love it overall."
"I started out on a quarter of a 50 mg Trazadone tablet every other night at bedtime.  I did this for a week then increased to a quarter tab every night.  After two nights of one quarter tablets I started waking with a stuffy nose and a headache.   Morning 3, I was in a full blown migraine and had to take zomig.  I have attempted this exact process 4 times now with weeks in between (no trazadone) to make sure it is a side effect of the medicine. Now, I am sure Trazadone is causing the headaches and I never have taken more than 1/4."
"My main symptoms were diarrhea  and bloody mucous stools. Once on pentasa 4g a day the symptoms had stopped. Until a month ago where they began along with a lot of wind. Was using suppositories as well initially 1 then 2 per day. I&#039;ve stopped taking all medication till I see my specialist so far symptoms are on worse- better if anything no longer running to toilet all day. I&#039;ve had collitis for less then a year I&#039;m 35"
"Lamictal saved my life. Literally. Helped with suicidal thoughts and a feeling of going crazy beyond control. Later I added Cymbalta and Provigal as well. Able to have a more regular life now! Takes awhile to kick in since you have to build up the dose but stick it out- definitely worth the wait. (I&#039;ve tried several others and Lamictal is by far the best)."
"I originally received it after a arm injury but did not need it as much so had plenty leftovers. Now when I&#039;m in severe stress situations to almost nerves breakdowns I take one 5mg and it works to stop me from crying that I could not control otherwise. Just wasn&#039;t sure if I can take 2 instead to put me to sleep since the doc said 1 every 8 hrs."
"I started taking Sprintec at 35. The first month was horrible. I had nausea, headaches, and I felt like I had morning sickness from being pregnant. I mentioned it to my doctor and she told me the side effects will go away, and to just ride it through. It was prescribed for me two reasons. One to prevent pregnancy and two to regulate my period. The side effects I encountered was clearer skin, better sleep, less cramps, lighter periods, higher sex drive, less migraines, more energy, decrease in my PMS symptoms and a better mood in general.  I call it the miracle pill, but you just have to pass the  initial side effects. The side effects went away within a few weeks and my period was regulated within 3 months of taking this pill.  It works!"
"This medication was a nightmare. I had about 3 weeks that were wonderful at first, then 3 or 4 weeks where the effects leveled out. After that, I started gaining about 3 pounds per week, felt tired, sick and had flu like symptoms constantly. I couldn&#039;t get out of bed for more than 2 hours at a time. I stopped taking this it and only now (2 1/2 months later) am I seeing any improvement. I switched doctors and was told that this is never supposed to be prescribed with high blood pressure medications or with thyroid medicines. The combination threw me into serotonin syndrome."
"Worked great for mild nausea associated with head trauma.  Took two pills and nausea went away almost immediately.  On the negative, now in dispute with hospital ER for charging $291 for the two pills.  I could have picked up at local pharmacy for about $30, generic.  I had explicitly declined a CT scan (with doctor&#039;s okay) to reduce ER cost so was not expecting the doctor to find what must have been highest priced nausea pills in hospital pharmacy.  I had reported an overall discomfort of 3 on a scale from 1-10."
"I am making this solely because I remember looking up reviews of antidepressants before I ever took one and being terrified of what my life might look like if I started taking one. I took Lexapro for 3 days and felt like a zombie, and swore off antidepressants. However, my depression continued. Thankfully my roommate who is also a 21 year old junior in college told me about her positive experience. I feel like a completely different person now. The first two weeks my emotions were all over the place, and my anxiety was high. Anxiety is still factor sometimes, but it gets less frequent every week. At 5 weeks on Wellbutrin my life has changed for the better. I finally feel like I can live the life that I was meant to. And I&#039;ve lost weight!"
"I wanted to comment on insertion. My IUD experience was awesome!! It took them 1 minute to measure and insert it. It did NOT hurt! It felt like a weird pressure in a strange place, but it was no big deal. I also relaxed a lot! I can imagine the only reason why it hurts for some people is because they don&#039;t relax!! My body did briefly faint because it was confused by something going in the cervix, but it was fine after that. I went about my day like nothing happened. I have not had children. They prescribed misoprostol and valium beforehand. I also took almost 500 mg of naproxen. Maybe that helped, but I&#039;m always relaxed about gynocologist stuff."
"I took Accutane when I was in high school. First I tried all different kinds of medication (over the counter and by doctor) the Accutane worked so good! I had big cystic acne on my face, back and ears. The only for me is dried lips and of course skin out really bad. I also had bad mood swings. My acne was gone for probably 10-11 years and now it&#039;s back. I&#039;m hoping to try to get back on it."
"I tried the patch, lozenges, all that. Failed every time. Smoking for me is so heavily built into my daily routine I just couldn&#039;t give it up. Today is day 3 on Chantix and I already feel like I can go without a cigarette, no problem. I am excited and have hope that this is going to work for me. Can&#039;t wait until tomorrow maybe I won&#039;t light up at all and see how it goes. No side effects yet, great dream last night though."
"I used Yasmin for birth control reasons as it was the lowest one available to me at the time that didn&#039;t cause breakthrough bleeding. It was great for birth control and my skin is very clear after taking it. The main difference I noticed from other pills is that I would always get my period one day early (on the Sun instead of the Mon). I also had terrible mood swings and angry outburts. My poor kids copped the brunt of my moods! I have been off Yasmin for two weeks now and am back to my calm and happy self, and my sex drive has returned. I am 42."
"Natroba killed the live lice and also the eggs in my child&#039;s hair.  Only one treatment was necessary.  I highly recommend this product and willl use it again in the future as it works quickly and is very effective.  The only issue is that the egg casings are left in the hair.  We have an issue with the school sending notes home stating my child has nits, when in fact, there are no viable nits in her hair."
"Was on the Gildess brand for almost a year and LOVED it! Went to the pharmacy to pick it up and they gave me Blisovi instead saying that it is the same exact thing. Its one month latter and I HATE it! My breast have shrunk and have gained weight in my stomach which is the last thing a girl wants! I have been having stomach problems and getting bad acne breakouts all over! It is far from the same thing I took before, glad to see I am not the only one having problems. Calling my doctor to have it switched!"
"I feel like a 12-yr old while on this pill. I&#039;m hungry and irritable and I&#039;ve bled through for 2 months now. The bleeding hits me exactly half way through the pill cycle and on a Wednesday. I&#039;m tired of having 2 periods a month and al the symptoms that come with it. I&#039;m calling my OB on Monday to switch."
"I&#039;ve been taking Focalin XR for the past 6 years and it worked well. This past year it hasn&#039;t worked for as long as it used to. It wears off about 1."
"For my sinus infection they originally gave me penicillin which landed me in the ER. Apparently the ER doctor said penicillin wasn&#039;t strong enough to combat it. So she prescribed me this clindamycin but told me that I will feel relief in 48 hours. Now being bedridden for 5 days on penicillin I was excited and 2 days later I can finally breath through my nose. Didn&#039;t have to worry about dry mouths since I had to breath through my mouth even when I TRIED sleeping."
"I take 25mg Lyrica in the morning and 50mg in the evening. My pain was so bad I was beside myself at 43, as I felt I could not do any work on PC, reading and exercise, movement activated pain and flare ups would get longer and longer. Cocodamol made me feel like I was 90 as I was tired all the time. I recommend to try this."
"Had UTI&#039;s for years until I started taking nitrofurantoin after the prescribed 7 days of a stronger antibiotic and ever since I have not had a UTI yet and its been working for quiet some time with no side affects"
"I was prescribed Amox-Clarith-Omeprazol for 7 days for my h pylori. Before taking these antibiotics, I read these forums to learn of other people&#039;s experiences, and it SCARED ME! So much!!. My understanding is that this combi has 80% effectiveness on h pylori (which I&#039;ve been suffering from for 10 years undiagnosed). My experience of these drugs: awful metallic taste in the mouth .. that&#039;s it!!! I&#039;m on day 2, have had no stomach problems, in fact I think I feel better. My message is: for those who are about to start these medications; PLEASE don&#039;t be scared, it&#039;s worth it to be cured. Try it, if it&#039;s really unbearable, then stop them, but try them, for me they really aren&#039;t bad. I&#039;m just hoping I&#039;m part of the 80% and they&#039;ve worked for me!"
"I too had not eaten in almost a year. Bentyl was painful and other medicines made me ill. Librax saved my life. I lost 50lbs and I was not heavy. My problem now is extreme stress keeps me on this medicine. When I can find work or sell house When I am not about to lose everything I hope to get off Librax and Ativan."
"I have dealt with acne off and on my entire adult life.  Finally became fed up with the constant bumps and dark spots, I visit a dermatologist. I was asked to try the Aczone (Dapsone) along with Doryx and at first it seemed to work, but now it does nothing for me. I would rather try something less expensive that will be effective versus something that cost a lot without insurance. Sorry but Aczone is not for me."
"Caused nausea, dizziness"
"I took Actonel for 7 months. I&#039;m 55 yrs young and active! One day each month after taking Actonel I had flu-like symptoms for 4 months and then it got better, however I experienced esophagus burning."
"I love my Loestrin. It was the first pill I was ever put on, and I was put on it at a young age (freshman year of high school) because my period used to be unbearable. I&#039;m talking crippling pain from cramps, to the point where I couldn&#039;t go to school for days. I went off of it for a while, for no reason other than I was too lazy to get my prescription refilled (haha). I am now back on it as a freshman in college, and I fell in love with the drug again! My skin (which I&#039;ve recently had bad acne issues for some reasons) is finally clearing up, I haven&#039;t gained a pound, my breasts are growing (thank goodness), and my period is light as a feather and only lasts two to three days. I highly suggest this pill."
"Definitely relieved morning anxiety attacks. I&#039;m also taking Effexor and Klonopin. I take the Zyprexa at night because it does make me sleepy. I wasn&#039;t eating anything at all before starting this drug, so I&#039;m not worried yet about the weight gain; I&#039;m not overdoing it with the food. I don&#039;t plan to be on this for long; my doctor told me it&#039;s not really a maintenance medication. But if it gets me through the Holidays and my horrible anxiety about work, I&#039;m fine with that."
"Did nothing for my cough, after 2 hours."
"It works for us guys over 60!  A very effective drug.  I have experienced no side effects"
"No longer in denial that I was really fat 5&quot;10 217 pounder. High blood pressure and overweight will other factors on the horizon. My joints hurt and so did my back . Six months 58 pounds less medication,sleep well and had no real side effect. I no longer have joints that ache and my blood pressure medicine was lowered. Glad I got talked into trying this great medicine."
"I have had the Mirena for over four years now its due to come out August 2013 and I have had a lot of downs than I do up&#039;s from it. I have had longer periods actually, they have lasted up to 14 days I have experience some bloating not much though and my sex drive is low. The most irritating thing would be my pelvic pains I have on and off from it. The one good thing I can say about it is very simply procedure and once in you don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill every day."
"I get really bad panic attacks and suffer from panic disorder with agoraphobia.  My doctor tries to steer away from benzos because of the addiction factor, which is understandable.  However, Vistaril has done nothing for me.  It&#039;s as if I&#039;m taking sugar pills.  If I&#039;m suffering from an exceptionally bad panic attack, I still have to be taken to the E.R. where they give me benzos anyway."
"Everyone reacts differently to medication. Dosage: 10mg, Sex: Male, Age: 58, Diagnosis: Chronic Insomnia. I&#039;ve take Belsomra 3 nights now with 1 to 2 hours of sleep each night. This is strange stuff, be careful. You feel tired but it does not shut your mind off, I laid in bed for 4 hours awake. At that point after 2 nights of not sleeping I think I would have fallen asleep any way from exhaustion. I did not think I was asleep but started to experiencing the strangest nightmares I have ever had. After another hour of this I did fall into a dream state sleep for sure. The dreams were extremely unusual and lucid ( like when taking Restoril) very strange. I fell in and out of sleep for about 2 hours then woke at 4 am and that was   it."
"I had Implanon implanted two years ago. The first month I had my period for over 18 days. I experienced such changes with my hormone levels that I would cry, or be outraged one minute from the next and I couldn&#039;t control the way I felt. I&#039;m a completely rational person and whatever hormones are in this literally made me want to cut it from my arm. 
After the first three months, of which I had four days each of the rage/crying/uncontrollable emotions, everything seemed to level out. I haven&#039;t had my period for a year and a half now. If you make it through the first three months, it&#039;s great. "
"I have type 1 diabetes as well, I was put on this medication about 3 months ago. My blood pressure was 127/80 which isn&#039;t bad but because of my diabetes it was suggested. So far its lowered my blood pressure and I have had no side effects using the pills and it worked within a month."
"I have been addicted to hydrocodone for 10 years; and recently my propensity to take a handful at a time almost killed me leading to my colon being. Removed due to ischemic colitis, coma, and 8 weeks in hospital. 
I just went on Suboxone and am amazed at how well I am feeling. My body cannot take either the acetoaminophen or the withdrawals so Suboxone was my only hope.  I recently had a withdrawal event that landed me back in hospital for 10 days due to dehydration and malnourishment.  My nurse told me about Suboxone and as soon as I was discharged I went for it.  I am so glad I did.

I never thought that hydrocodone could cause an illness like mine but it did.  I can have life now due to Suboxone."
"I was very hesitant to start taking this medicine.  I have tried so many different kinds before and they had done more damage than good.  I read a lot of the reviews on here and after serious thought I decided to try it.  I&#039;m so very happy I did.  I&#039;m about two weeks in and I believe I have found the correct mix.  I&#039;m so happy, and excited!  It&#039;s almost hard to believe.  If anyone is on the fence about this I would recommend taking it.  If you trust your psych doc, I would assume you do then go for it.  I was told you can tell the next day if you should stop taking it.  I have Bipolar 1 disorder and I also take Wellbutrin XL 150mg 3 x a day. Klonopin 4 x a day and now Saphris 5 mg at night.  I love it!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Ambien for almost a month now and I have to say, it is amazing. The first night I took it, it kicked in about 10 minutes later. I have never had such a good nights sleep. I woke up feeling energized and I had energy all day. The only weird thing that I experienced were MILD hallucinations before I actually fell asleep. I sat down on the bed and apparently asked my husband &quot;when did we get a water bed?&quot; (we don&#039;t have a water bed). And also I asked him, &quot;when did we get pink and green sheets?&quot; (Our sheets are white). Other than that, nothing scary or frightening. I didn&#039;t get up in the middle of the night doing anything weird. When I did get up to use the restroom, I knew I was awake and I knew what I was doing."
"I love this drug. It&#039;s the only one that really works."
"About three weeks ago, I began having around 20 hot flashes per day and going through night sweats about 4 times per night. About 5 days ago my doctor put me on Pristiq. He did this as my Father recently passed away and several other personal things have happened and I didn&#039;t start my period this month either. He said it would take care of the night sweats, hot flashes and depression, grief and anxiety. I have been on this pill for 5 days now. I have lost four lbs., have gone from a pk. of cigarettes per day to four cigarettes. Am only getting night sweats about twice a night and have gone from about 21 hot flashes per day to about 4. So far so good. I do feel a little tired but no agitation, no more confusion, crying and emptiness. I feel like I am slowly getting back to being me. So far, I am so thankful for Pristiq. "
"On Atripla for more than a year and I&#039;m just loving it. Last week I had my blood test done and its undetectable, and my CD4 is 1350 although I had flu 2 weeks ago and I thought it will drop down. Thank you Atripla."
"This is my first time having BV &amp; i never had any sign that i had it not until i went in for my annual pap. I&#039;m not even sure how long I&#039;ve had it. I&#039;m on day 4 of 7 with twice a day 500 MG. Last night I had mild insomnia I think because I took it later than I usually do. The side affects just kicked in. Headaches, super nauseous even if I had a meal &amp; water with it, I feel light headed and that Metalic taste is the worst, I feel moody and withdrawn. I&#039;ll be glad when it&#039;s over. Best of luck to everyone."
"I&#039;ve been on Linzess, the low dose, for about a month now. I had diarrhea the first day every couple of hours but I had no bloating, gas or that horrible stabbing pain. Over the first week hurdle I noticed that the more water I drank at the time I took my medicine the more the likelihood of diarrhea was. So I wake early in the morning, take it, and go back to sleep and this way I&#039;ve been able to tell when I will go which is usually 30 minutes after I eat. This medicine has been life changing I feel almost normal, have energy again and most of all I don&#039;t have that dooming hopelessness. I go about three times a day and like real going. Although some days I experience a little pain at night but nothing compared to restless nights."
"I have had surgeries that led to a few different infections in my bowel which has led to severe 10 out of 10 pain when passing bowel motion.  The theory is scar tissue has caused this condition, but after all the tests there is no way to verify, because it is in the small intestine.  Years of pain, three trips to ER with horrific pain, and a decade later a doctor put me on this.  This medicine has been a miracle, never had any pain since, I went from suicidal to being able to function and even go on vacation.

However, there has been side effects.  I have had blurred vision, I am generally lethargic at all times, and nausea.  All said and done, the side effects are nothing compared to the other pain, but they are bad at times."
"I have had several surgeries to rebuild my shoulder muscles and have had one tendon reattached to the bone and covered with a plate as well as arthritis in my spine. The pain is unbearable at times and sometime I can&#039;t even walk. I was taking the extended release  Oxycontin and norco for break-thru pain which didn&#039;t help much. They seemed to last a few hours and that was that. Even then I didn&#039;t do much because of pain. My doctor had me try the 75mcg patch for 72 hours and I was amazed. I can wake up in the morning and almost jump out of bed. We have changed to a patch every 48 hours as on the 3rd day it didn&#039;t seem to work. But now depending on what I do during the day I am virtually  pain free.Highly recommend, get ur life back"
"My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex, wasn&#039;t planned we had the condom out and ready but just in the heat of the moment we never used it. And he went fully in me. It was 9 days after my cycle, so freaking out I went out and bought plan b. Took it 22 hours after having sex, and had to wait the terrifying 2 weeks. I was always getting on here and reading reviews trying to calm myself down and trying not to stress. Thankfully for me The pill did work, I got my period a week early just as I always do. It was slightly heavier but hey I&#039;ll take it and was happy to see red. I got a lot of cramps from taking it but by far worth the 50 bucks. But with it being the most terrifying experience I&#039;ve had, I hope I never go through this again though."
"The patches dont stay on very well. Have no problem with patch made by sandoz. For  the price  paid you would expect  more sticking power."
"I am starting my forth month on contrave, I have lost a total of 35 lbs , I feel better now than I can remembrr, when I first started taking , I didn&#039;t listen to clear instructions about working up to 4 a day , thought I was going to die for about a week from nausea  and headaches ,but stuck with it , now I&#039;m proud I did ,, I have had to cut back on exercise because of pushing it to much and messed the Achilles  tendon up now it is tendonitis .I am on a fixed income ,wish I could get help buying it if someone knows how"
"Both generic and Flonase work for me.   Been using them for several years.  Must use every day to see effects."
"I have been on Epclusa for 8 weeks. Just got back from Dr. Had blood work done at 4 weeks in. NO hep c type 2 detected in just 4 weeks!  Probably got hep in early 80s. Diagnosed in 1990. Side effects were very tired at times, body aches, headaches but not much worst than I had before taking meds. I would like to thank Gilead for co-pay program. Doing better now. My mind seems clearer and starting to feel better."
"Loved that it is so hassle free. You do not have to remember to take a pill everyday or to get a shot every couple of months. It is good for 3 years. I had mine removed because I was fed up with the side effects caused by the hormones. I became EXTREMELY emotional, my hair started shedding, WEIGHT GAIN!!, always feeling sleepy, etc. I could go on. If you are ok dealing with possible side effects then I highly recommend it because everyone will react differently. I had a period twice within the year that I had it. My best friend had it and she was on her period everyday for 2 years so it just depends on your body. I switched to PARAGARD IUD. Bye bye hormones :-)"
"My son  has ADHD with average hyperactivity. He don&#039;t concentrate much and starts hyperactivity after watching TV and mobile games or cartoons. He was taking risperidone for 1 month and when we stopped we found that hyperactivity increased a lot. Now should we continue medicine or stop because there will a situation in future that we will stop giving him medicines and at that time what will happen to him."
"This is my frist month on the NuvaRing. I took it out this Monday, and it is now Friday. I have had a few negative side effects, but over all I still like the Ring. With the ring, it&#039;s not so bad. I was a bit moody around the time I would have gotten my period, but that&#039;s an effect of all the extra hormones. My body hadn&#039;t gotten used to them yet. The ring came out a few times during sex, but my boyfriend didn&#039;t care at all. Only bad thing I really have to say is that after taking out the ring, I became REALLY sore and dry until I got my period. Now it&#039;s not so bad. We&#039;ll see how next month goes! "
"Bloating was the only side effect, but the prep did not clean me out. My doctor could not see anything requiring me to have another colonoscopy with a different prep."
"You people are obviously not sick enough to be grateful you have a medicine that works. It&#039;s not even close to that bad. Take it with food. And you won&#039;t even have side effects. Take pain meds. And brush your teeth. This Medicine is the best and does what it needs to do. Stop complaining it could be worse you could die."
"This medication literally saved my husband&#039;s life. He has been on OxyContin for 16  years. He&#039;s tried everything! He truly thought he&#039;d have a heart attack from pushing. Dr gave him samples of Movantik, 30 min later, a BM. No problem. Been the same story for over a month. 
I saw so many negative reviews, and I&#039;m so sorry this did t work for you... I hope you find the one thing that does!"
"I have a problem with my rotator cuff (shoulder) which causes extreme pain.  My doctor put me on a anti-inflammatory drug and Vicodin ES for the pain. I was almost pain free."
"in September I would have had the implant for a year and I honestly hate it. it hurt a lot when I had it inserted. I had my first period about a week later and it was the worst one I have ever had. before getting the implant my period would last 3 days and I break out a little and bloat, but this first period was ten times worse. I cramped and bled a lot. I had mood swings and nausea severely in the first three months. my face completely broke out. about two months after that first period I started bleeding and having pretty big blood clots for a little over 60 days straight. I have not gained any weight though I have gained some assets. its really hard to figure out when my next period will be. I really wish I never got it."
"My gyno prescribed this pill because I&#039;ve had dysfunctional uterine bleeding and I&#039;m guessing this brand must be used to help with this. A week after I started taking this I started noticing that it felt like my heart was racing and I could feel tingling down my left arm. I asked my doctor about it and they said that sometimes the shift in hormones while taking birth control can cause this. I kept taking it and kept having what felt like heart palpitations. They were very uncomfortable and would wake me at night frequently. Finally after a couple weeks of this I&#039;d had enough. My Dr recommended I stop the pill and get cardiology monitoring. I had an EKG done and the results were normal. But ended up in the ER. This pill is not for everyone."
"Everyone I talk to seems to have had different experiences with Depo. For me it has been a perfect experience, but my sister had a horrible time with it. I had very light spotting after the first shot during what should have been my monthly period, and since then have had absolutely no period or spotting. My weight has remained at a constant level the entire 4 years that I&#039;ve been taking it, and I haven&#039;t experience moods swings, hair loss, or any of the other common symptoms. My doctor warned me that the shot could make my migraines worse, but I haven&#039;t noticed any difference in prevalence or severity. Everyone&#039;s body reacts differently, but it is definitely worth trying. I love this form of contraception - no periods and no babies!"
"I&#039;m back I took llysine and red marine alage . It worked. Also bought 5packs of hydrogen peroxide over the counter . And apple cider vinegar seperate. Some disappeared but stubborn 5 warts lefts. I had 30 horrible warts in my vagina and anus..  
DONT GIVE UP WE ARE IN THIS TOGETHER WHEN WE HEAL UP USE CONDOMS TRUST NO ONE. IT RUINED ME I CRYIED EVERYDAY BUT DIDNT GIVE UP."
"I&#039;ve had asthma for 37 years. I&#039;ve almost died 3 times from it. I&#039;ve been air lifted to a large hospital 3 times. This inhaler is by far the best inhaler I&#039;ve ever taken. It&#039;s incredible"
"Was prescribed Zoloft and took sertraline for 6 months after I was having trouble with anxiety/panic attacks from a pretty nasty accident. It worked well after a couple of weeks but eventually I felt that I didn&#039;t need it anymore.  This is my 4th week of weaning off, and the withdrawal is almost unbearable. Dizziness, nausea, exhaustion, seeing weird flashes. I really needed something at the time, so I don&#039;t entirely regret taking it, but the withdrawal is bad."
"I have currently been taking Effexor XR for about a year. It seems to be helping with my depression I could do without the weird side effects such as the constant yawning and vivid dreams. Also never miss a dose because after missing only one dose I experienced jitters, massive headache and dizziness, it felt like my head was full of water kind of a &quot;sloshing&quot; feeling."
"I just started taking Apri.  I have not been on birth control since 2008 when I was taking Tri-Sprintec. After a few months of Tri-Sprintec I gained 17 lbs!  I have always been small (5&#039;4 108 lbs) so this weight gain was very noticeable and I could not shed the weight. I got off Tri-Sprintec and do not recommend it to anyone!  Anyways, I&#039;m on Apri now and I really like it. The only downside I&#039;ve noticed is intense cramping the first week I took it. Hope this helps!"
"I have put a &#039;5&#039; because I have only been using it for a few days and according to the label it usually takes weeks to work. I would say a couple of things to the other people posting on here.

1. If you think the burning pain (which is definitely there) is unbearable then I can reassure you that your joint pain isn&#039;t that bad because comparatively the burning is absolutely nothing compared to the joint pain. I have seen people put comment&#039;s like &quot;the worst experience of my life&quot; - You have a pretty good pain free life then. 

2. You have to use regularly or it WONT WORK. if you don&#039;t use it 3-5 times per day it will just give you local cutaneous burning and will not go through your skin and start helping the desensitising of your nerves."
"I have been taking 4 of the 40mg for about two years, because it works better than anything else I have had, and that is every other narcotic, for my spondilolisthesis. It kills the pain and I can work like a 20 year old and do everything I want, but without it, I feel like the 48 year old I am. I highly recommend this pain medicine to anyone with chronic pain. I would much rather take these than have bone fusion surgery. "
"I am 65 years old and have been taking Flomax for over a year. It works great for the flow of urine but I had a few side effects so I switched to Avodart. My bad symptoms disappeared but my flow of urine decreased and after two weeks I ended up with a Urinary Tract Infection. I see that some people take both Avodart and Flomax together for prostate problems."
"I found Tegretol amazing. It made me so calm and stable even after a few days, the only issue with it is it makes me very drowsy and a little disorientated. That&#039;s the one side effect I&#039;ve noticed. So if you drive a lot or operate heavy machinery or are a surgeon this is not the medication for you. Otherwise it is a great mood stabilizer."
"After reading negative reviews before my procedure, I wanted to share my positive experience in hopes to reassure girls thinking about getting paragard. I took 800 mg of ibuprofen and an anti-anxiety pill 1 hour before because I was nervous. The actually insertion took about two minutes. There&#039;s one cramp when holding on to the uterus to keep it in place, and one more cramp to measure the uterus and insert the device. That was it! The cramp felt exactly the same as menstrual cramps. I&#039;ve experieced some spotting and cramping since, but not too bad. I&#039;m managing that with pads and ibuprofen. No remembering to take the pill, no hormones making me sad, moody and depressed, and I have one of the most effective and easy birth controls out there!"
"I have found that Cymbalta really helps my depression. If I don&#039;t take it I really notice the difference. I am sure that it helps me. The only downside is its expensive"
"After later years of my adolescence and early adulthood I was finally diagnosed (bipolar) and prescribed Seroquel along with lithium. Not only did I finally feel a sense of peace within myself I found that I no longer engaged in the reckless activity that I seemed to have no control over. This behaviour which caused so much grief and upset, nearly caused the breakdown between my family and which I nearly destroyed myself. 
It does not get rid of my depression completely but they are not as bad and I find I can cope where as in the past I couldn&#039;t.
I find that it&#039;s best to take it before bed as it makes me very drowsy which I find a good thing because in the past I found it very difficult to sleep.
Hope this helps."
"This stuff is killing us faster than the hiv and they are lying to us.  Do your research people."
"I&#039;ve had the skyla for almost a year. The insertion hurt really bad but it depends on your pain tolerance. I had it put in twice. The first time it hurt so bad and as soon as I stood up after it was inserted I was bleeding heavy, and it didn&#039;t stop for two months, and I got so fed up I pulled it out myself. Then I went back and got it back in (took Advil, didn&#039;t hurt as bad) and did not bleed at all which was super weird to me. But I haven&#039;t gone a day without spotting and it&#039;s so annoying. I don&#039;t even know when I&#039;m having my period because I randomly bleed.  My bf felt it a few times and I had to get the string cut extra short and he still feels it sometimes, I&#039;m getting tired of the bleeding and spotting.. Thinking of getting it remove"
"I started taking these pills last Thursday. Six days later and I have already lost 9 lbs..... My appetite is pretty much non existent I have been eating 1 meal per day and and I usually have a protein shake as a meal replacement. The first 2-3 days I didn&rsquo;t sleep at all now the only symptom I have is dry mouth. I plan on taking this medicine for as long as my doctor will allow me to. SW 238, CW 229 ,GW 170"
"Even at massive doses of 200 mg I still didn&#039;t feel any relief at all from this. Benadryl or Unisom would be a better option to take for anxiety. "
"I was really nervous about trying Implanon because of all the reviews I read.  I was especially nervous about weight gain since I JUST lost all of my baby weight.  After sharing my concerns with my doctor, she said that &quot;just putting hormones in someone&#039;s arm is not going to make them gain weight.  There has to be other factors involved, like not watching what you&#039;re eating, emotional eating, etc.&quot;  She told me that since I have been pretty aware of my weight and never had many issues with excessive eating, she didn&#039;t think I needed to worry. I decided to go ahead and give it a try.  I am so happy that I did.  So far, no mood swings, no abnormal bleeding, and I especially love that I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill everyday!"
"I started Contrave March 1 and as of March 19 I&#039;m down 15 pounds! I&#039;m very pleased with that amount of weight lost. I have not had any side effects so far! So I will continue on. I will check back later and give you an update what the full one month total weight lose was."
"I have been on this specific brand for over 10 years. Take it every night before I go to bed. I have had weight gain but its a maintained gain but its been 100% effective, never been pregnant! My sexual urges visit me usually in my 2nd week after my period, so hasn&#039;t completely killed my libido. Normal periods lasting from Wednesday to Sunday... Been fabulous for me!"
"I&#039;ve been in this 3 months now. Have gained 11 lbs!!! I excersise, eat right and I look swollen. Have had 3 different spotting occasions that haven&#039;t lasted more than 3 days at a time. No cramps to really reports, occasional night sweats, no headaches. Just really hating the weight gain!"
"Started it two months ago and the only problem i have had with it is the fact that I am off my period for a few days and I start back up on it for a week and again the next week, been this way since I started. I have had regular periods with other birth controls and I was regular when I wasn&#039;t on the pill. I personally don&#039;t like having a period every other week and I take the pill everyday at 9am."
"This medication is great. This medicine helped me to start breathing again after an exacerbated COPD attack 2 months ago. I was hospitalized for 8 days. I did get a candida infection of my mouth and throat when I first started using this. My Pulmonary Doctor has me using Crest ProHealth mouthwash after each use to prevent oral candida infection. "
"I have a frontal Lobe injury along with PTSD and Panic Disorders. I took 1 mg of Xanax QID (4) per day as directed for 16 years. I asked to be removed while in the Hospital. And put on K-pin. I have suffered for two years now on K-pin TID (3) per day. Not good. I have a very bad Doctor, that I feel that shouldn&#039;t practice Medicine. He won&#039;t listen to concerns and has never given me a physical."
"I gave this method a birth control a 10 because it worked too damn good!!
No periods. No pregnancies. That was the one thing it was GREAT for. However on the flip side of that it made my hormones go buck wild. Suicidal thoughts &amp; actions. Anxiety. Paranoid. Depression. Back pain. For the longest , I ignored all these signs. I thought I was going crazy. It was inserted back in 2010. It was only good for 3 years. By the 2nd year I noticed a difference in me. I was very anxious. Irritable. Low patience. Not like me at all. People didn&#039;t understand why I was tripping. Hell I didn&#039;t understand it myself . I told multiple people &quot;there is something wrong&quot; I need help. Not realizing that the only help  I needed was for them to take this thing out!!"
"I was given a sample pack 3mg Silenor to help with my inability to stay asleep.  I followed the instructions and unfortunately it did not seem to work for me.  It made me very anxious and agitated during the night.  I did sleep but kept waking up.  In the morning I was very groggy and unsteady on my feet.  I felt like I had been drugged and had a minor headache all day.  
I do not think I will take it again as it is obviously not the drug for me."
"I took this before bed and was kept up all night with anxiety/ panic attacks. I felt drowsy and depressed the following day."
"The drug itself has been awesome. My 14 year old daughter no longer has any of the pain or stiffness. Like the other reviewer our problem is with the injector. It is easy enough to use but she dreads it every time. She wants to switch to the syringe. Outside of that the medication does what its supposed to."
"I guess I&#039;m sitting here looking for help to get down the second bottle. The first I took slow with a lot of little sips and a water chaser in between, but for this one, I&#039;m gagging and throwing up every drink. 

I&#039;m never doing this again."
"My poor left knee was just ruined, to the point that I had to stay off of it for two weeks, then hobble to the Doctor&#039;s office on crutches. Osteoarthritis, the bane of people over 60. I got a shot in the knee (just a tiny sting for a few seconds). This has been like a miracle. I&#039;m not ready to take up tap dancing, but 90% of the pain was gone by the next day.  Its just been wonderful, and I&#039;m SO glad I went to the doctor, instead of being stubborn and refusing to go."
"Love Epiduo. I have been on every type of medication for acne. These include oral antibiotics, topical creams, and even Accutane. A year after being off Acutane, my acne was starting to get bad again. My dermatologist recommended a second course of the drug. I was very reluctant to do so, so I asked to try one more thing before starting Accutane again. I got prescribed Epiduo and I love it. I am using it at night before I go to bed and it is working amazing. I actually saw results the first week of using it. I did have some dryness but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. I&#039;ll take dry skin over an acne breakout any day. Definitely worth trying."
"I have taken Lasix for a week to reduce the swelling in my legs.  It&#039;s working fine and I feel better.  The side effects are manageable.  I have to pee a lot, and I&#039;ve had to deal with some headaches."
"I found this medicine to be a mistake for me. I had severe inflammation of my upper eyelid, swollen, red, and very uncomfortable, so the Dr. prescribed this hoping it would solve the problem. First day I took it, within two to three hours, I was immediately running for the bathroom. It made me very ill regardless of what I ate, I took an antacid, probiotics, ate carefully, ate more than usual when I took it, drank only water, etc. It gave me the worst stomach cramps I have ever had, made me so nauseous I had to call out of work, and I stayed put on my bed writhing in pain."
"I was diagnosed with UC at 18 years old. After a week in the hospital they came up with the final diagnosis and after a few tried meds they landed me on Lialda and it worked great for me for 7-8 years, only experiencing flare ups if I were to drink too much alcohol and lose sleep which was rare but in that case I would need to use prednisone to get back into remission. Healthy diet, sleep, exercise, and Lialda kept me normal! I am 26 now and I feel my body has built up a tolerance, for the past year I have been on a low, going to the restroom more than 5 times a day. Up until now Lialda was perfect. With the Shire card and health insurance it was only $10 a month."
"I took this for a UTI and I had horrible side effects. I could not sleep, extremely dizzy and nauseated, constipated, and had bad indigestion. I lost my appetite and was vomiting acid."
"I&#039;ve been on Lyrica now for two years for nerve damage to my legs caused by a back injury. It is a wonderful drug and has helped me alot. I sleep better at night and upon rising I can walk a lot better. This medication has improved my condition by at least 80%. I take 60mg 3 times a day. It does make me retain fluid but I take a fluid pill and that takes care of that. My life will never be the same since I had this accident with my back and legs but Lyrica makes life worth living again."
"I have been suffering with abominable head/back pain (pain lasting around the clock for up to 4-5 days straight) as well as abdominal pains with constant vomiting and no ability to lead a normal life including having to take a leave of absence from my job.  In &#039;11 alone I was hospitalized 4 times 4 months in a row. One stay I was vomiting blood and passing it in my stool. In the ER Dilaudid IV gave me relief. Was given it every 2 hours. Zofran and Dilaudid helped at home too. My doctor put me on Vicodin inlieu of Dilaudid saying the latter was habit forming. Since then no relief of pains. Dilaudid 4mg helped great. Miracle medicine."
"I&#039;ve had my implanon in for 3 years, and I am getting it removed next Wednesday. I didn&#039;t get pregnant the past 3 years, so it did its job. I did however gain 50 lbs in the first 3 months of having it and have kept the weight on this whole time, hopefully after its removal I will be able to lose some weight. I&#039;ve also had more headaches since the implant, (3-4 a week) but I haven&#039;t had a period or any random bleeding these past 3 years."
"This is my second time around on this. I took it about 3 yrs ago for a full year and totally loved it, hence why I got back on it. This time it was a much different experience. The 3 months I was on it was constant breakthrough bleeding pretty much every single day. About 8-10lbs weight gain (fairly active, in my late 20s, eat clean). Sex drive was non existent. No acne, thankfully. I also experienced some depression, never suicide but just down and blue most days. I am switching to Microgestin Fe 1/20 because OB said Lo Loestrin may have been too low of a dosage for me."
"I am almost finish with my first bottle. I had no side effects. My appetite increased instead of decreasing. I am debating about getting another bottle."
"I have found Metrocream to be very effective in combating symptoms of rosacea, especially the pimple like lesions I get around my nose &amp; chin area.  I use only when needed and notice after just a couple of applications a dramatic improvement."
"I have been on Effexor for the past 10 years - I started having panic attacks as a child although I didn&#039;t know at the time what was going on - when I was 17 the doctor prescribed Valium that I took periodically when my anxiety got really bad - finally when I was 40 the doctor suggested I go on a very low dosage of Effexor (37.5mg) because he was sure I had generalized anxiety disorder - what a difference this has made in my life - felt&quot;weird&quot; the first few weeks but now I have very little anxiety and really no side effects except maybe lower libido. I had no idea how much anxiety I had been living with all my life."
"I&#039;ve had acne since 5th grade and at first it was on my forehead, then it spread to my chin and nose and I&#039;m in 9th grade now. I have acne mostly on my cheeks and nose. I have a lot of scars on my cheeks and I tried Epiduo a year ago and it did not work for me at all. It made my skin red and dry and did not clear it. But my brother has had acne since the fourth grade and has tried everything from Proactive to Clearsil, Clean and Clear. Everything. He uses Epiduo and it has completely. COMPLETELY. Cleared his skin. He uses Neutrogena face bar, a moisturizer and Epiduo in the morning and at night. After 8 years of acne Epiduo has been the only thing to help him. I&#039;m still trying to find something to clear my skin, hope this helped."
"I was prescribed Tramadol for back pain because I am allergic to NSAIDs. I was taking two 50mg tablets per day and noticed that my mental state also improved while taking this medication. My anxiety subsided and I found that I did not get upset even in stressful situations (I work in HR which is very stressful for me). It&#039;s been a miracle for me since I deal with anxiety issues almost daily. It puts me in state of calm, but I&#039;m still me. The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced while taking Tramadol have been entirely positive. I wish it was prescribed for anxiety disorders."
"I was prescribed this by both my Psychiatrist and Therapist at age 35 for Asperger&#039;s Syndrome.  It works like shock therapy - you will feel better just so you don&#039;t have to take this any more.  0.25 mg (Half of the lowest dose) causes, for me: stomach cramps, headache, dizziness, feeling like my heart was racing, the &#039;munchies&#039; (I go eat lots of potato chips), falling asleep, then waking up disoriented, and dry mouth.  I can&#039;t imagine the highest dose.  I&#039;d probably die.  I had very vivid dreams.  However this medicine seemed to cure my irritability and nightmares which is what it was prescribed for.  The side effects it causes, however, are worse."
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for one month. I&#039;ve lost 29.5 lbs, and I&#039;m thrilled. I&#039;ve also stuck to a 1500 calorie diet.  The biggest thing it did for me was take away the thought of cravings. I would pay any amount of money to have these kind of results."
"Went on Celexa for anxiety/mild depression. I was very emotional. In less than 3 hours my I eyes became itchy, red and irritated. I tried to stick it out for a week, but I obviously had an allergic reaction. Doctor has me on Lexapro 10 mg, so we&#039;ll see how that goes."
"So I have been on the birth control for a month. The first 4 days I was so insanely nauseous. It would just hit at random times and be horrible. I&#039;ve been having my period the entire time I&#039;ve been taking it but just like a pantie liner a day is what I use. I haven&#039;t lost any sex drive. If anything it&#039;s increased! The medication overall seems great in writing but I have one concerning thing.. I&#039;m having CRAZY mood swings. I cried the past couple nights for no reason at all and I just get super sad randomly. Or I&#039;ll just be super happy and then the next moment sad. I feel like I&#039;m becoming depressed. But I&#039;m just going to wait it out and hope it gets better."
"I had this inserted three days ago and I have to say the actual insertion was very painful but only lasted for a couple of minutes so that was fine.  What I am having difficulty with is are the horrible cramps I am still having four days later.  I want this to work and it to have a positive experience but this is worse than cramps before."
"I was on the ortho Tori cyclin lo all of my high school years. Never had acne, 3 day periods, no cramps, no bloating, and actually believed it was impossible to gain weight on it. Coming to college the price of $110 was too much so I went to the generic. 2 months in I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds, horrible cramps, and have horrible acne. Switching birth controls after this pack."
"I just started Saxenda and have only taken 4 of the .06 doses. I have already lost 5 pounds. I am about 5&#039;3&quot; and started right at 200lbs. Now 195lbs. Seems promising, so far. Not really any side effects. I&#039;ve had a little bit of stomach pain, but it was brief. No nausea or vomiting. My doc did say that the weight usually melts off of people, so we will see!
I took phentermine a few times. The first time I lost 15 lbs in a month, but it made my heart rate faster and it gave me very bad anxiety. I&#039;m glad there&#039;s another option that doesn&#039;t have the bad side effects. 

I do know that the cost is astronomical for Saxenda, so my doc is giving me samples for now. My private insurance doesn&#039;t cover it at all."
"Causes frequent nightime urination."
"After gallbladder surgery was prescribed this for at home pain management (I can&#039;t take Vicodin) and while it definitely kicks in after about 30 minutes it wears off way too fast. Halfway through my wait till the next dose timeframe pain is in full swing again. Ugh."
"Okay so my dermatologist just prescribed this medication for my skin today, however I do not have severe acne. I get breakouts near my menstrual period and thats it but it always leaves behind dark marks. So my biggest concern was having dark marks all over my face. Due to hearing all the complaints on here I will first test out a small area on my face and see how that works out. I suggest this for other people as well so you know what you are getting yourself into plus my graduation is in two weeks and I don&#039;t have time for breakouts that I wouldn&#039;t normally have."
"I had very good results from Minocin as far as my acne was concerned. My face started clearing up and was looking almost back to normal. I did experience the dizziness and frequent yeast infections while on this but thought it was worth it.  After about 3 months, I was feeling very bad, my joints all ached so bad I had decreased my activities and almost stopped dancing. My parents were having me worked up for Arthritis and I was having blood in my stool suddenly. My mom talked to a Doctor at work and found out it was the Minocin that was causing all the joint pain and probably a lesion in my bowels. I immediately stopped it and am now back to normal and have bad acne again."
"I&#039;m from the UK so I don&#039;t pay for it but I had bleeding from April 2016 until the end of December 2016. It affected my life and relationship so much. I hated trying to have sex and feel good while bleeding non stop. Thank god it&#039;s finally stopped. Was told I&#039;d have to take a pill alongside it to stop the bleeding or put up with it. The reason I got it was so I didn&#039;t have to take a pill so that would have defeated the purpose! Works well at preventing pregnancy though."
"I went through severe panic and anxiety that debilitated my life. I experienced shakes, suicidal thoughts, fear for no reason, fast throbbing heart beat, no sleep for ten days because of fear my body was dying, 38lb weight loss in 1month, vomiting, foggy mind, couldn&#039;t speak, and so much more. I wouldn&#039;t wish it on my worst enemy. I visited hospitals over 6 times with no answers but the doctor telling me I&#039;m crazy smh. Went through gastic procedures and nothing was found but gerd which is a symptom of anxiety. I finally broke down and took the meds prescribed to me. Xanax was the only one that worked for a short time, and I had taken many medications. Clonazepam is working amazing with no side effects. I feel great along with Zoloft."
"This medicine may help but if I missed a day, or tried to get off it completely, worst experience ever.
It&#039;s basically pharmaceutical meth, try older meds like dexatrin or Ritalin.
Vyvanse withdrawals are awful so once you&#039;re on it it&#039;s hard to get off"
"I eat right after I take Byetta and if I stay away from the fatty greasy food I do not have any problems with loose stools. I love the fact my HUGE hunger is now GONE! I lost about 8 lbs but, gained only one pound back after Thanksgiving. "
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena since 2004.  I had my first one removed after 3 years and was pregnant within a month!  At my 6 week appointment I had another inserted.  Three years later, we wanted another child and were pregnant in a couple of months.  Amazing.  I will admit, after the first one was inserted I cramped and it was miserable for two weeks.  Every one since went in easy and out easy.  I&#039;ve had no period to speak of for years. I&#039;m coming up on the five year mark and am totally planning on another!"
"The excruciating pain I had been experiencing with my periods, went away almost instantly with Sprintec, but I did have (painless) breakthrough bleeding that hasn&#039;t let up so I&#039;m trying a different brand."
"About an hour after taking the recommended dose for a bad cough, I had massive watery diarrhea. Cough seems to be gone though."
"I&#039;m 24 years old and have taken Adderall over the course of 10 years. I know the only side effect I couldn&#039;t control is the stunting of my growth. I&#039;m 5&#039;7&quot; and I only grew 1/2 inch in high school. I&#039;m given 90, 30mg monthly. It has always improved my grades, however knowing that tolerance builds I do not take it all the time. Remember you have to take care of your body, especially your heart and liver, because long-term use side effects are still not concisely known."
"First birth control I have ever tried and I love it so far. I&#039;ve been on it for a few months. I noticed on here it has a lot of negative reviews, like people say everyone&#039;s body is different. Just as insight I&#039;m 19 years old and around 155 pounds. This birth control did not make me gain or lose weight. I noticed I haven&#039;t gotten as much acne since I started. My skin is almost completely clear. The only negative side effect that I really noticed and that my bf noticed as well is that I&#039;ve gotten more irritable and emotional around the days I&#039;m about to get my period, something that didn&#039;t happen to me before. Honestly this isn&#039;t a terrible side effect for me personally it&#039;s extremely bearable. I would definitely recommend this pill"
"I only take as needed, and it usually works awesome. Even knowing i have it as backup reduces my anxiety. It works best if taken before a stressful event but having a TBI makes remembering difficult. It also works better for me since i don&#039;t have to take daily on a schedule like other anxiety medications"
"As my nickname says I have been very quiet and most of my life. Always worried and anxious since a child, I came to the US when on my 30s and years later, I think the stresses of life and my personality put me in a severe anxiety with depression and several panic attacks. I was thinking I would die!. Went to Psychiatrist did not trust on him first time, I did not want to take the medicine and I got worse! I started taking lexapro 10 mg, it helped me so much, I had that hope on it that I didn&#039;t remember side effects. I used also the benzodizepines and ambien to be calmer and get some sleep. Like 3 months later didn&#039;t take more benzo ,and/or ambien. I have been in this medicine since March 2014, today is March 2016. Been reduced now to half"
"It made my mania go away. I was less tense and more calm... but it seemed to increase my anxiety."
"This was my second YI. The first time I used the 3 day but stopped after day 2 because I felt so much better. So this time I decided to go with the 1 day to get it over with. I put it in right before bed and then, like so many others, read these terrible reviews. I braced myself for the worst and went to bed. I honestly didn&#039;t sleep very well because I was expecting to wake up in pain. But I didn&#039;t. No burning, minimal itching. I peed twice in middle of the night and made sure to wipe back to front. My only complaint would be the discharge, though it&#039;s to be expected. Just used a panty liner and no big deal. Woke up in the morning, took a shower and used the wipes and I feel no symptoms. I think it&#039;s trial and error but no complaints from m"
"So the first tiime i took half a pill I had no side effects. However, the second time I took 1/2 with an empty stomach and I had to go to the hospital. My heart was racing and I couldn&#039;t breath the pain in my chest scared the shit out of me enough to stop using it all together."
"Hi All, I gave this BC a 5 because while it didn&#039;t work for me. It might work for someone else. BC seems to be a by-person thing. I have two friends that liked this while my other friend and I did not work well on it. My friend and I both have ADHD and have had previous situational anxiety.   On this birth control I became very nervous all the time and was extremely sensitive. I cried at least 3 times a week over little things. Which is extremely not like me. I actually lost weight because of high anxiety. When I got it taken out, I turned around 180 degree. I can joke around and I feel like myself again. I have been off the medication for about 2 weeks now and have not cried or been nervous once. I feel stable."
"I always fall asleep reasonably quickly but wake briefly at the end of each sleep cycle (which get shorter as the night progresses) until about 2am when I remain awake for about 2 to 3 hours. With Belsomra I still wake at the end of each cycle but quickly fall asleep again throughout the whole night.
It took some trial and error to get the right dose. A 20mg tablet worked but left me sleepy the next day. 10mg (half a tablet) works well for a whole night without next day sleepiness and 5mg was ineffective."
"Made me lethargic and very thirsty. My thirst interfered with my sleeping. I had to drink in the middle of the night and use restroom. So, taken off this one."
"I can agree that the fatigue is noticeable. My biggest shock was the diarrhea. I hadn&#039;t planned for it, and luckily I was at home when it hit the first time. It was akin to the flushing out one gets when they are preparing for a colonoscopy. I was noticing my abdomen growling. I am a bit lactose intolerant, and this was similar to if I have cereal with milk. Then suddenly I had THE URGE!!!! I was wearing shorts, and just made it to the bathroom and was able to jump into the shower as I knew there was no way I&#039;d be able to drop trou and hit the toilet, when it hit. It was as if a dam had opened. I just turned on the water, and slowly removed my clothes as wave after wave struck. Luckily, that first time was the worst. Now I&#039;m prepared."
"I can move and reach without pain in my shoulders, I can sleep without pain, and I can be assured that I will not have to take narcotics for pain control."
"I had been so unwell off meds for over a year and vomiting daily due to bipolar. I thought vomiting was from physical illness. As soon as i started this med all bp symptoms left AND my stomach is settled. No sexual side effects. Old me is back. No sides! Miracle drug! Weight gain for me will be a pkus not negative"
"I have only been on Trinessa for 9 days and my skin is dramatically improving. I know that it may seem too early to tell but this is the best I&#039;ve seen my skin in a loooong time. I have not changed my skin routine or diet, the only thing that has changed is getting on Trinessa.  My only con is that I get abdominal cramps here and there."
"So a lot of people only write about their poor experiences but let me tell you about my good experience. First if all, I got put on Nuvaring after I got pregnant while ON the pill (Saffryl- probably spelled it wrong) despite me taking it for two years at the same time daily, and taking OTHER measures to prevent me getting pregnant. It was with twins, too. I went to planned parenthood for an obgyn appointment because the local obgyn was booked out for over 6 months when it came time for me to start birth control again. They gave me THREE Nuvarings for FREE. I didn&#039;t even ask for them for free, I was willing to pay for the script at my pharmacy. And ever since, they&#039;ve been a wonderful alternative to the pill. Don&#039;t let cost deter you."
"Been on the shot for 6yrs Doctor told me I&#039;ve been on it to long so I didn&#039;t get my last shot in July, still waiting for my period and they don&#039;t know what to tell me when I ask how long. Never had acne before, now I do and definitely gained weight. As a birth control I love it. Never had a period and don&#039;t remember to have to take daily pill."
"This birth control has made my life a living hell and I am hysterically crying as I write this. I had clear skin before this pill and now I don&rsquo;t even want to leave the house my acne is so bad. My period lasts a month when it used to be bad at 8 days. My cramps have been even worse to the point where I have to scream into my pillow. I gave it some time but it&rsquo;s tearing down my mental sanity too quickly so I cannot stay on it any longer."
"I have been struggling with pain and fatigue from soft tissue damage after auto accident. Dr. Prescribed numerous medications. This one by far is at the top of the list as far as effectiveness and no side effects. Thank goodness I have it!"
"after 2 weeks of 2 tubes per day, application my blood serum levels did not change one bit. my normal non medicated levels would range from 208ng/dl to 305. after 2 weeks of application of testim gel my blood results came back with 248ng/dl. The constant tack and odor of this product, plus its ineffectiveness makes me wonder why it is still on the market."
"I got my implant in September 2014. In the beginning, I experienced irregular periods, but nothing too alarming. Things started to get bad towards the end of January 2015. I started gaining weight, tired all the time, and my sex drive is almost non existent! I&#039;ve gained 23lbs since then, and no matter how hard I try, I can&#039;t lose it, and just keep getting heavier. I have a ridiculously large appetite, and my acne has become painful and very obvious. I&#039;m not myself anymore. When I&#039;m not working (which I do every day, very physically active job), all I want to do is lay down and do nothing. I never used to be like this. I&#039;m bleeding almost constantly, and my memory is shot. I want this thing out!"
"I started taking lamictal for my unspecified bipolar disorder a few weeks ago. The results have been remarkable, I could feel the medication start work a few hours after the first dose and it was definitely more than just a placebo effect. I was less flighty and everything just seemed brighter and clearer. My thinking has cleared up and my mood is well controlled even while traveling, which is when hypomania usually sets in for me."
"I was prescribed this during a bad mixed episode and it did wonders for me. It worked within the day! My only complaint is the sedation side effect. I get knocked out within two hours of taking it, so I take it at night. I also find that you can&#039;t take it with carbonated drinks, or else you get nauseous."
"First of all , if you go to a doctor and request this medicine, he/she will see this as drug seeking behavior. It is an opiate . The only difference between Tussionex and Vicodin is the antihistamine in the Tussionex. It is highly addictive. I should know ...I have been to drug treatment two times for my addiction to Tussionex. I didn&#039;t take it as prescribed though - worked my way up to 3oz. Each day - sometimes twice a day. Be very careful."
"This med besides Effexor is the only one which can handle my destructive anxiety and depressiom without making me sleepy and tired through the day. Actually, i don&#039;t feel tired at all! I&#039;m sleeping 4 hours per night and waking up really energetic. Migraines, wet hands, suicide thougts
 body ache, tingling fingers, shortness of breath... all gone.
Side effects were: increased appetite, retarded ejaculation, sinusitis, skin problem (bearable). After a month, just the ejaculation problems persists"
"I was excitied to try the Breo Ellipta.. I have severe emphysema &amp; 73 years old.. At first I found that I could breathe longer during the day without using my rescue Proair so much during the day... After 6 days, I found that when excerting myself for a longer period of time, ( grocery shopping) that I would run out of air...My chest felt tight &amp; my Proair didn&#039;t seem to rescue me as before...It was a little frightening..."
"Since I graduated high school, I have been on a number of antidepressants.  So far Celexa is the only one that relieved my anxiety and left my sex drive alone. I&#039;ve been getting better sleep at night, but I feel a little tired during the day at times. But that definitely beats staying up all night with racing thoughts. I like it so far."
"I&#039;m on the fence about this medication, I used it for generalized anxiety disorder which was exacerbated after my mother passed away unexpectedly.
Well I have to say, I was shaky like I was just as anxious, so I though it was the anxiety, so I stopped the medication after 6 months and I am not shaky anymore, I also feel like everything is clearer.
I was on a very light dose 2.5mg three times a day.  Maybe I did not take enough.
So he gave me Lexapro, which I have not started, I am holding out, when I get anxious I take a half of a .25 xanax and it keeps the anxiety away.
So if I was to say I don&#039;t think this medication helped very much.  Maybe at a higher dose, I don&#039;t know.  I am skeptical about taking anything like this."
"I was originally just on the regular XANAX for year&#039;s and at first it helped and then it wore off and wasn&#039;t affective. My Doctor searched and searched for another medication that would be very effective especially because  I have &quot;LUPUS&quot; and have been having severe anxiety and depression I really had to be on something before I stressed my &quot;Lupus&quot; to flair up! So XANAX XR was recommended , and OMG this XR is so amazing and very effective.  I absolutely love it! It helped with anxiety, depression and sleep! I t works wonders and I totally recommend it to anyone."
"I tried Qsymia for 9 days. I lost 8 pounds but had too many side effects. I felt like I was going to pass out at church one Sunday. I got extremely agitated. That was just NOT me. I stopped taking it because I got into an argument with the pharmacist and cried all the way home. I turned into someone I didn&#039;t like."
"It seems that using Abreva is a hit and miss for me. I always apply it at the first sign of tingling. Last time I used it, it stopped the Cold Sore immediately. This time, didn&#039;t have an ounce of affect! My optional cure when I realise the Abreva is not going to work is Carmex. Amazing!"
"I recently decided to get back on this pill, after I was off it for a few months. My experience has been slightly different from the first time I took it. As it has in the past, my skin has completely cleared up, however this time around I am feeling extremely nauseaus, lost my sex drive, and I am constantly and randomly just bursting into tears. This might just be temporary side affects, hopefully it gets better soon..."
"Cymbalta has been the single most helpful medication I have used for depression. It has enabled me to return to work and my clarity of mind has much improved.  My physical pain has also been tremendously reduced and no longer takes all my energy.  Thank you Cymbalta - You really have saved my life."
"I have been on Oxybutynin for hyperdydrosis since September of 2013.  It has changed my life.  I went to Mexico this past December and was amazed at how much less was sweating I had.  Prior, I was becoming a recluse as it was so embarrassing to go out in public.  My air conditioner ran non-stop all summer!  Every now and then I &quot;break&quot; out in a sweat, but it is mild and not a big deal.  The one side effect I have with it, is that `after taking 2 x 5mg a day I get extremely tired and feel kind of like  I am &quot;out of it&quot;.  I now take it at bedtime, as it actually helps me fall asleep quicker (I had terrible insomnia as well).  Mouth is very dry, but it has forced me to increase my water intake, which is good anyway.  This is such a relief!"
"On it for 5 days and feel like a different person. I&#039;m actually happy for the 1st time in years! Take Celexa and trazodone also but call this my miracle pill. Just hope it keeps working."
"Hi, I&#039;m 31 female. Just shy of 5&#039;4. I started phentermine on 12/28/15 weighing 184, now I&#039;m in the middle of my 9th week and I weigh 165, so in 2 months I lost 19lbs, my goal is 145. I weigh in at my clinic every Monday evening. I do cardio &amp; weights 4 to 6 days a week. The first 3 weeks I ate strictly protein and veggies with some fat, I&#039;ve slowly added in complex carbs and fruit. I drink at least 90oz of water a day and have 3 meals and 2-3 snacks, the days I don&#039;t work out only eat the 2 snacks. The side effects I&#039;ve had are dry mouth, dry skin and constipation (despite my water and fiber intake). I recommend the smooth moves tea by traditional medicinals, but test it one a day where you can be near a bathroom so you know how you react."
"I was on trulicity .75 for two weeks and was just upped to 1.5...my first injection went fine till I woke up next morning with severe body aches in all my joints and having stomach aches and diarrhea. That lasted for about a week. I took second .75 shot and no body aches but still get the occasional stomach ache and still having diarrhea, have to stay close to a bathroom. I lost some weight even tho only been two weeks, but maybe just because I&#039;m on the toilet so much seems more goes out than in. My sugars didn&#039;t go down as much as I wanted but are definitely better. So in a few days I start 1.5 I hope this will do the trick."
"I have been on Aviane for 10 years and have never experienced breakthrough bleeding or had any problems. I actually have lighter periods and get them on the exact same day and time every month. It is great."
"I got my IUD inserted 9/13/17 so yesterday:) and my overall experience was not too bad! Expect that when they insert there will be an overwhelming burning , bad cramp that lasts really over 15/30 seconds, my doctor was amazing and made my entire insertion experience within under 10 mins, just know, the medicine they prescribe you to take the night before WILL cause cramping, I didn&#039;t even think of it so I went to bed all peaceful and woke up sweating to very bad cramps, and then the the day you get it expect bad cramps for a couple hours and it&#039;ll go away, and then the all today I didn&#039;t experience any cramping what so ever and then surprise! Spotting = period on the right time, cramps are back! It&#039;s very exhausting but no babies for me!"
"Best product out there however dont buy the pump bottle it is very wasteful .It pumps out 4 times more than you need and the tip clogged  overnight and hardens ,more waste.Its very expencive for the amount you get so no use to be wasteful .Buy the squeeze tube instead"
"I quit smoking more than a year and a half ago after smoking more than forty five years up to and including 3-4 packs a day I have never looked back other that as I go out the door I check my shirt pocket to make sure I have my lighter and my smokes! Not! my life has changed forever for the better now that I a a non smoker"
"NOT RATING IT HELP ME. I started this a week ago. 3 days after I started I woke up horribly nauseated but no vomit so I sucked it up and went to work just to get there and throw up repeatedly for about two hours. Once that stopped I was fatigued. Then exhausted. Then the migraines started. I had minor migraines in my forehead that got worse with light or after waking up. That went on for three days. That stopped two days ago and yesterday I started feeling weird cramping in my left side just below my ribs and it went into the tops on my thighs and hips. Today the cramps are still in my side (not painful just uncomfortable and concerning) and possible constipation. Wondering if any of this matches anyone else pls and thanks."
"With a mild y.i. and in the begining of one a one single dose works wonders and fast at relieving symptoms. With a severe infection more doses are needed and it can take up to 7 days to clear up as in my case. Best choice in treatment for vaginal yeast infection."
"This medicine has been a God send for me. If I miss a dose, my pain is severe enough to inhibit normal daily activities. Along with my DSMO treatments, I am slowly feeling better!"
"I&#039;ve been using this medication for a year and have seen improvement! My big toenail completely fell off prior to starting the medication due to how bad it was. It has slowly been growing in healthier."
"I had severe depression on and off past few years. This time round it was unbearable and I was literally falling apart mentally. Sadness and torment, that would not go away, anxiety and lack of sleep for over a year etc. I refused taking synthethic meds and decided to give niacin a go.
it worked pretty much instantly. I started on about 300mg (severe flush like sunburn and itchy skin), then calmness. I was upping the dosage almost each time, and flushes eased eventually.
 Now (2 weeks later) I take 1500mg 2-3 times a day and the flush is slight with warm face and chest. 
Sadness is gone and I feel much more &quot;with it&quot;. It seems to be blocking unwanted thoughts. hands down- a true depression cure."
"The first time I took it, I took one pill upon waking up. I literally stayed in bed the ENTIRE day. I could hardly open my eyes, let alone lift my head off the pillow. Thank goodness it was a weekend and I didn&#039;t have to work! I chalked it up to a bad morning sickness day and took two at bedtime that night. The next morning, it wasn&#039;t quite as bad but it was still a struggle to get through the day. 

I wasn&#039;t nauseous, but I was so fatigued and sleepy, and just felt &quot;bad.&quot; I realized it might be the diclegis, so I didn&#039;t take any more after that. So now I&#039;m back to all-day nausea (no vomiting), but at least I can function! 

I only recommend diclegis if you&#039;ve got major vomiting/HG. Otherwise, the side effects just aren&#039;t worth it."
"I&rsquo;ve been taking Victoza since early August for type 2 diabetes. At a once daily dose of 1.2mg it has been moderately effective at lowering my blood sugar to 130 or less. It&rsquo;s greatest success so far has been helping me to lose weight. I&rsquo;m down 20 pounds so far without diet or exercise. My appetite has plummeted since I started Victoza. I simply cannot eat anywhere near what I used to. I often end up skipping meals simply because I&rsquo;m not hungry. 

Side effects, including nausea for a few weeks when I first started taking Victoza and ongoing mild constipation, are easily manageable considering the benefits of taking this drug."
"I Loved these vitamins, I took them for both my pregnancies and I asked my both of my sisters to take them, they were recommended by a friend, and I think they have a big effect on the baby health."
"I started Contrave &amp; during the 2nd week became so nauseated that I had to stop taking it. About 4 weeks ago I started to take it again, and have stuck with just the ONE morning pill and have been doing great...I&#039;ve lost 12 pounds. BUT and here is the biggest thing for those complaining they are &quot;NOT LOSING WEIGHT&quot; I&#039;m also doing this with the Weight Watchers program, meaning I am taking accountability for the food I am putting into my mouth, I&#039;m eating more fruits &amp; veggies, I am not going to the drive through of McDonalds or eating medium size pizza&#039;s expecting this medication to help me lose weight. YOU have to change your habits or the medication won&#039;t do anything for you. I suggest taking this with a &#039;diet plan&#039; or &#039;eating program&#039;"
"Fantastic drug. I can take it for ages and come off with zero effects. Everyone is different.
I&#039;d take these over any anti depressants any day.
You only live once and what&#039;s the point of suffering I&#039;d stress to a Dr if you&#039;re not allowed them. I have them for anxiety/spasms.
Make sure if any brand you get/ask for actavis.. others are useless. Chemists/NHS like the useless ones as they&#039;re cheap"
"I just has Distal bicep surgery, extremely painful. The injury that lead up to surgery was painful. Doctor put me on Percocet 5/325 then my surgeon gave me Vicodin after the repair, well this did nothing. Went back to the Percocet, pain gone within 20-30 minutes. Now we are post-op 7 days pain pretty intense after cast and staples removed 1 tab every 8 works great for me."
"DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICINE.  I had one shot of invega two years ago. I have quit my jobs, dropped out of school, and hate myself.  I now suffer irregular muscle movements, inability to resensitize(process new information), hypertension, and slow metabolism.  Don&#039;t take this medication. Don&#039;t take this medication. Don&#039;t take this medication. 

Do not take this medication.

If you don&#039;t believe me then search keep searching invega sustenna reviews.

Thousands of negative reviews."
"I had depression and anxiety since 2 years . Tried prozac and from 3rd pill it was terrible ! Severe headache ! Changed to zoloft and started increasing dose gradually from 12.5 till 25 then 50 . Noticed improvement in about 1-2 month . I recommend this drug . Tried to stop it 2 month ago and I relapsed so am taking it now again hoping it could work again .. However my insomnia is killing me !!!!"
"Didn&#039;t work for me. In fact, made things worse. Caused bleeding at a time when that was no longer an issue for me."
"I&#039;ve tried a lot of other medications for my depressions an anxiety and they made me feel sick to my stomach. So I would stick to it. I was to busy trying push through my duties as a mother and wife. I couldn&#039;t feel sick to my stomach plus depression &amp; anxiety. So when the Dr gave me Zoloft I was hesitant. I did take it the first day and I slept really well  with NO drowsiness the next morning. I felt happy and focused. I was able to do the simple things like figure out what to cook for dinner. I have energy and a clear mind. I started with 50mg but I think I was getting used to it. So I started taking 100mg and so far so good! My husband notices a difference and loves it. It wouldn&#039;t hurt to at least to try it. I&#039;m sooooo glad I did."
"I suffered from General Anxiety Disorder since childhood and this medication save my life. I feel calm and collected, and my family and friends say it&#039;s nice to see me smile again. I went from being nervous and anxious about everything to relaxed and able to go back out in my community again."
"I had this implanted in late July 2013 and spotted the next week for a day. I haven&#039;t had a period since then until today, which is slight spotting. It is now January 22nd 2014. The insertion was painless (the numbing shot hurt more then the actual implant). The week following wasn&#039;t so bad just sore in the insertion area. My Acne has increased a bit about 2x as bad as it was (which was like 3-5 zits and very few blackheads per period). The other problem is the weight gain, In the first two months on it I gained at least 10 pounds. Other than that this was incredibly  convenient. I am super forgetful, hate taking pills, and have a crazy schedule so going to the Dr. was hard. It is incredibly effective though."
"IT started in the spring of 1996. I began having stomach pains horribly EVERYDAY. Nausea. I had made a major life change in going into something with a 4 and 1 year old that I did not want to really do but my wife wanted BAD... By September of that year, I had become in such pain and lost 50lbs that my intern put me in the hospital for one week with EVERY test of the digestive system. Long story short, I left the hospital with a diagnosis of GAD and secondary IBS.  Went home and didn&#039;t sleep one week, so doctor put me in a private mental home. They put me on 1mg klonopin and 20mg paxil and 50mg Trazadone for sleep. In 5 days, NO stomach problems at all. Ate 3 square meals, played ball, went to gymn. WAS ALIVE AGAIN!!!"
"There&#039;s no such thing as a miracle cure for opiate addiction however when Subutex is taken as directed, withdrawal symptoms can be avoided completely and set you on your way to a drug free lifestyle."
"I&#039;ve been taking 60mg of Adderall a day for 14 years now. It&#039;s a miracle! I don&#039;t think I would have made it through high school or college without it. I started when I was 14 and starting high school. I loathed getting up early, but shortly after taking my pills I was awake and motivated to get ready and go about my day. It made boring classes seem more interesting. It gives you this focus and drive to be productive.I don&#039;t feel like myself without them. I&#039;m cranky, unmotivated, eat and sleep a lot if I don&#039;t take it. Just be cautious with dosage. You do develop a tolerance to it over time. If your blood pressure goes way up and you feel jittery or shaky, your taking too high of a mg. People should start with 10 or 20mg at first."
"Ive been taking this medication for 5 days now. My reason for taking it was a skin graft. Though its early in the treatment,I am happy to report no noticable side effects. I will repost closer to the completion of treatment on results."
"Absorica worked right away. After the second month, I was almost acne-free. However, at the end of my fifth month, it has stopped working. Acne is coming back on my back, chest, shoulders and face. I&#039;m on 60 mg a day, so I might up my dosage. I am now very skeptical of the product, and I am preparing to just accept my acne, because there is absolutely nothing I can do about it. Even isotretinoin didn&#039;t save me."
"I have had 20 colonoscopies or so and have had mostly Golytley 4 liters in the past. Hands down this is the easiest prep I have ever had to do. Doing a split prep was awesome and in the past I had nausea, vomiting, and severe pain. With Suprep I didn&#039;t even cramp. Clear liquids the day before the procedure helps. 
I would pay full price for this, you have no idea how much better it is than what has been available in the past."
"This is a miracle drug. I have diabetes and have had troubles keeping an erection for a number of years. I started taking Viagra about a year ago and the results are fabulous. I started with a 50 mg pill, but me just being me wanted more. So now I take the 100mg tablet and the results are GREAT! I have multiple orgasms and so does my lover. Our relationship has inproved 500% and would not trade it for anything in the world. Thank you Mr Viagra. You are a genius!"
"Went in yesterday for a upper/lower colonoscopy. I&#039;m a very nervous person, I was told if I gargle with the numbing stuff for your throat it saves on getting a lot of propofol. Well I remember feeling weird, off I wen,t woke up in recovery. I couldn&#039;t believe how fast I woke up. "
"If I could give this birth control a 0 I would because of the side effects.  I have been on it for almost 3 months and I have developed horrible acne all over my chin and side of my cheek. It is red, bumpy, and painful. Makeup won&#039;t even cover it effectively. It looks like I have some sort of skin disease. Nothing helps it to go away. I am intensely moody all  the time and cry almost daily. I have constant bloating and seem to be gaining weight even though I have not changed my diet or exercise amount. Stopping this immediately and going back to Tri-cyclen. I wish I had never taken this."
"I read your reviews before even purchasing the product... I normally see the doctor when having these symtoms but couldn&#039;t find the time this week. The previous reviews terrified and tickled me at the same time. I was LOL while reading but didn&#039;t want to experience the intense burning described. I decided I would wait for Monday to see my doctor and get the Rx pills until I spoke with a good friend and asked her if she ever tried it. She said she felt tingling but the next morning she was 100% better. My symptoms were mild but I was eager to get rid of them. So after speaking with her I went to buy the monistat 1. A few hours later a felt the itchy tingling but this morning I am 100% symptom free! I would definitely use it again."
"Was given Arthrotec 75 (1x/day) for residual pain following a car accident.  Got to the point I could barely walk most days and, on my best days, would have very little endurance for walking or even standing.  By day 2 of taking Arthrotec 75, I felt like I was made whole again. It is my wonder drug. Found I can skip a day and be okay if not too much physical activity, and at times have taken a 2nd dose midday during more strenuous activities.  No side effects that I have noticed.  I don&#039;t like taking medicines so I hope I won&#039;t need to take these for too long, but so grateful for them right now.  I can actually do things for myself again."
"Was given this medication for anxiety. Didn&#039;t help. Made me sleep all the time. Bad case of dry mouth and extreme mood swings. Had to stop taking it."
"I had a horrible experience I got it done last Friday 6/17/16. They never mentioned anything about it being painful and they never offered me any pain pills and there was no injection of analgesics to the cervix like I&#039;ve read other people getting (after the fact) It literally felt like I was going to give birth it was very painful and I&#039;m a tough cookie and I&#039;m really upset that they had to open up my cervix to do it. Yes they open up your cervix. I thought they just inserted it through the cervicle whole but no... It&#039;s only been in a day and I&#039;m having really bad cramping and headaches. I wish I never got it. I&#039;m getting it removed ASAP.  If you do plan to do it make sure you take 800 mg ibuprofen before hand."
"Great medicine and Abvee/Abbott has great customer service, PAP and sharps Biohazard disposal programs. 50 year old male, diagnosed at 13, Tall 6.3 (6.2 in the morning). Humira has worked for me for many years. However my body became tolerant as my disease progressed my Doc changed it to 1x/10 days but this medicine is less flexible as it relates to dosage as opposed to Remicade. [The only downside to this, thus less then 10.] After trying all of the various biologics for Ankylosing Spondylitis (Remicade, Enbrel, and Humira) in my decades long journey with AS. I have found, it&#039;s back to Remicade again because of dosage flexibility."
"This is the 7th day that I&#039;m taking this birth control. I still don&#039;t know how will it affect on my period but so far it made me break out on my chin and around my mouth. It gives me bad headaches and makes me depressed. There is no way I will continue taking this birth control."
"Year 1 no effect on my weight, years 2 &amp; 3 I experienced steady weight gain (15kg / 33 pounds). Other main side effects were: somnolence, swearing, electric-shock sensations in my brain and my body, twitching. 

However, SSRIs had never worked well for me, and venlafaxine was a fantastic alternative. I became very complacent in general on this drug.  

The withdrawal symptoms I had were horrendous - it was like coming off narcotics. . Vomiting, shaking, muscle spasms, everything hurt. At one point drifting in and out of consciousness. But if I hadn&#039;t taken venlafaxine I probably wouldn&#039;t be here today. I would take it again if I had to. 

Dose 150mg. Female, I was 27 when I went on Effexor XR and 30 when I stopped. I turn 31 next week."
"I got this implant 3 1/2 months after having my first child. I had lost nearly all my baby weight and was continuously losing, that is until I had this put in. I have gained 25 lbs and no matter what can not lose it. Also my face started to break out around a month after getting the implant and just keeps getting worse. The worst side effect is I spot at least 25 days a month, sometimes I will bleed up to 3 months straight, stop for 2 or 3 days then start bleeding again. I have also noticed a rapid decrease in sex drive and in the last 6 months less sensitive and I have a very hard time getting turned on,  which is probably the cause of the lack of sensitivity. 
I had implanon for 3 years and loved it but I hate nexplanon."
"I just started taking phentermine yesterday 2/8/2011.  When I weighed myself yesterday morning the scale said 273.0 I took the pill and my appetite was completely gone. I ate a very small breakfast and had to force myself to eat anything for lunch.  When dinner came I wasn&#039;t hungry but I figured I should eat something.  I drank 9 bottles of water because my mouth was so dry.  I didn&#039;t have any issues sleeping and I didn&#039;t notice any change in my energy level. When I woke up this morning I headed straight to the scale and I&#039;d already lost 3lbs. The scale said 270.8.  I&#039;m very excited and super motivated to continue."
"It has changed my life it&#039;s a miracle I tried everything. I&#039;m a new person."
"I&#039;ve had auditory hallucinations all my life.  Was on Geodon previously and had to keep upping the dose to keep the hallucinations and voices at bay.  With Invega, I&#039;m on the lowest dose and have an auditory hallucination maybe once or twice a month. Despite the risk of side effects, this is a wonder drug for me. I&#039;ve had no side effects."
"Hello everyone ,
I&#039;ve been on brintellix for a year.  Okay, it&#039;s great for my mood but terrible for doing activities I use to enjoy like working out and walking .  I just want to sleep all the time.  Seriously, all I&#039;ve been doing is sleeping, going to work and sleeping some more lol  .  I did stop smoking for 9 months so far so I guess my mood is good to be able to do that!
I am not sure about staying on this drug.  I think I want to go back on cymbalta but my dr wants me to stay on brintellix   I&#039;ll figure this out.  I&#039;m sick of being tired all the time .
Good luck everyone
Ps... The first 3 months on it, I threw up and had bad esophagus pain"
"So my first seizure was when I was 13, I have tried many meds but this one seemed to work the best. BUT as the years have passed, my memory has been going a lot and it seems to be getting worse and worse. I took it upon myself to stop the medicine cold turkey (I&#039;d  been on for 5-6 years now so its NOT recommended).. and yet I haven&#039;t had any symptoms of a seizure and my memory is starting to come back. My sister was also on it but for depression, she almost lost her eye sight because she missed 1 day of taking it. So please be careful, and do your research on each drug that you are about to go on."
"Lexapro is great. I started when my panic attacks and depression made me unable to function at all and I was too afraid to leave my house. My thoughts would race and I was just a mess. I started on 5mg for a week which was like nothing but then upped to 10mg and after 3 weeks I was beginning to feel less anxious and more stable. After 6 weeks I&#039;d say I felt normal. I&#039;m going to try come off them after being on them for a year and a half. I haven&#039;t had a panic attack in over a year so for panic disorder they work fantastically well. I&#039;ve experienced no side effects with this drug."
"I was on Cipralex for 3 years and it destroyed my life. I lost 3 years of my life leaving school and doing nothing but sit at home worthless. Then I switched to Zoloft, I felt better on Zoloft but still the same complaint of being a &ldquo;zombie&rdquo;. I have never felt it is me for the past 10 years. I had tried getting off these drugs so many times but everytime I do it I feel better for the first few months then I collapse, again. It is very hard to be on them, and to be off them at the same time. My advice for you is to try them at last. Never start with antidepressants. Thank you and good luck."
"BEST ANTIDEPRESSANT EVER! I&#039;ve tried many different antidepressants in the past.  The only one I could ever tolerate was Pamelor.  Although it made me mentally foggy and I put on a lot of weight, I used it for 19 years, but finally stopped taking it.  Amazingly, I didn&#039;t fall into a depression for 4 years. Recently, however, I fell into a very deep depression after resigning from a job that I loved.  Being 61, I knew I had no chance of finding employment.  I finally sought the help of a physician who had me try Viibryd, as well as Valium for anxiety.  After completing the trial pack, I had ZERO depression.  The only side effect I had was a little stomach upset, which went away soon.  TRY THIS MEDICATION for one month. You won&#039;t be sorry."
"I was experiencing crazy discharge with no odour or other symptoms. Just watery discharge. Within hours of taking this medicine the discharge stopped. I&#039;m so happy!"
"I have had a great experience with Sandexa. My doctor is the best in the world too and monitors me very closely.  I have lost 26 pounds so far and now fitting into clothes I have been able to wear for over nine years.  I have had a little bit of constipation but I take a stool softener every other day and I am fine.  I am working with my doctor to ensure I do not get high blood pressure or diabetes because I already have kidney problems.   Great medication and thanks so much to my doctor for recommending it."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 4 months I&#039;m also on depression pills anxiety pills and sleeping pills the only side effect is my bizarre dreams like cows jumping over fences its worth the money its like how much do you spend a month on cigs"
"I started taking taking Q in February of 2015.  When my endocrinologist and I began my plan for this weight lost I was at 350lbs.  I followed all his recommendation and guidelines.  I even joined a gym and started working out 5 dayds a week for 2 hours a day.  Cut out the sweets, sugary drinks.  I admit it was hard but like he told me I could have them here and there as a reward for achieving goals I set and reached.  He was right.  I go back to see him this September 2015 and I can&#039;t wait to see his face when I weight in.  I got on my scale and it said I&#039;m now at 297.5lbs.    Not only am I&#039;m proud of the work but this medication does work.  I was really skeptical at first and wanted the weight lost surgery. But now I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t."
"Wow this cream works I have pcos and after years of plucking every day as the hair was so bad my doctor prescribed vaniqa . The difference is very noticeable after under 2 months."
"Severe, chronic pain with Fractuted 
 L3 veterbrae. Given to me for pain relief which caused SEVERE INCREASE OVER AN ABOVE CHRONIC PAIN. It did NOTHNG to curtail severe pain which added to chronic of 40  yrs duration and caused disruption of an entire medical unit. Causing AMA discharge to spare other pts!"
"My blood pressure was 270/120 and had to work through many drugs before this one lowered my anxiety and blood pressure. At 20 mg a day usually take all at night time for sleep to. Side effects sometimes headache. Strong addiction and should be weaned off it slowly or your head will hurt non stop for a month. A nightmare to stop cold. It lasts eight times longer than Xanax or Klonopin they are two brothers not to mess with. At first you may have the sedated effect before you become more resistant to the drug. Where you get the drug also makes a difference. Some stores give the yellow tablet which melts in mouth as clean as water. Other stores have an orange tablet that tastes like paper. Walmart has the good one and some grocery but not CVS."
"Works wonders!!"
"So far so good been on medication for 15 days have not seen a change test but I&#039;m also working out and eating better to help my outcome. Along with taking fiber and protein daily. Only down side I had this far is very minor soreness to the injection area. Oh and follow the direction to stay below the belly button line because anything above will leave a large bruise on the skin."
"I have stage 4 Prostate caner, which spread to my lymph nodes and tumors on my spine. Had no surgery.  PSA started out at 144 after using this medicine and Elligard shots. My PSA is 2. Hats off to this medicine going on 2 years."
"I am happy with the sleep I&#039;m getting on this medicine."
"I am 63 and have used this for years.  Works great for me with no side effects."
"Had unprotected sex with my girlfriend and she took the Plan B pill the day after, like 13 hours later. I couldn&#039;t sleep and I was very nervous. She got her period a week later, It was heavy, which I guess is also a good thing haha. If your reading these reviews to make you feel better, I&#039;ve been in your shoes. Just have faith in it, it&#039;ll work don&#039;t worry."
"I am 41 and I am peri-menopausal. My GYN prescribed Gildess fe 1/20 for me to &quot;balance&quot; my hormones. I have tried other bc pills in the past, including Gildess but had to stop them because of the crazy side effects. But this time when I tried it I was spotting, I got weird feelings in my head, I had back pains, flu-like symptoms, chest pain and terrible anxiety. I stopped taking it after about two weeks. I feel horrible!  How long before I leaves my system?"
"From my experience Eylea is not as easy to inject as Lucentis, but the results speak for themselves.  I was able to go four months without an injection after only two shots of Eylea.  It completely dried up both of my eyes.  Lucentis never did this for me and I was getting monthly injections for over two years.  I have varied side effects from the injection ranging from eye redness to redness, itching, burning, and feeling like something is scratching my eye.  Giving the injection slower helped some."
"I have severe anxiety and at times, I can&#039;t even hold still. I completely avoid going out due to the severity of it. 
Tried 1mg of xanax under the tongue, and within ten minutes, I could feel the anxiety getting better. Zero negative side effects."
"I was on Seasonale and switched over to Tri-Sprintec and been on it for a month now. I&#039;ve been having horrible nausea every day, headaches and feeling irritated."
"Imitrex worked for me only when I could take the medicine at the onset of a migraine. If I had a full blown migraine, it didn&#039;t help."
"Worked well and fast, easy to use, no stank, quick dry and GREAT price with discount card."
"After permanent SCI (Spinal Cord Injury), I&#039;ve had a lot of experience with pain. Hydromorphone 4 mg was prescribed for break-through pain and has worked pretty well. I agree, better learn to live with a level of 4 (out of 10). I don&#039;t worry about addiction, I&#039;ve got this the rest of my life, but every doctor I&#039;ve talked to warns of building a tolerance; better learn to live with a little more pain now rather than more pain later."
"This is the second time I have had to take moviprep since October. After really struggling with the taste first time round to the point it made me sick. The nurse recommended putting lime cordial in each glass. She also recommended making the prep with flavoured water (not red berries) I made it up with lemon and lime flavoured water then chilled it for a few hours. In each glass I have added the lime cordial and ice. I have used a jumbo straw and had water in a glass just in case. I can honestly say the lime is brilliant. Although there is still a slightly salty taste it is no where near as bad as previously. I have managed the first litre and actually feel I can cope with the next one. I hope this helps."
"I&#039;ve been taking it for a few years, so far it&#039;s done what it&#039;s supposed to. Only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is an increase in yeast infections (about one a year) since I started taking it."
"I like the small tubes, easy to carry around if I am out of town, to stop the sticky, you have to rub it in until it&#039;s dry. I can&#039;t smell anything either, must be me, it works so well I only use it every other day. Testim also gives you a year of free co-pays! Now if they could only add a drug into it to keep my 21 yr old girlfriends mouth shut for a while my life would be perfect."
"The first week was great. My period stopped and I thought &quot;wow this is going to work&quot;... Oh how wrong I was. It has been anything but great. I have mood swings, anxiety, severe depression, don&#039;t want to be in social situations with extreme paranoia. For no logical reason I feel like my partner doesn&#039;t love me. I have my period twice a month. I spot bleed every other day. Within the first 6weeks I experienced bacterial vaginosis. Lasted a week (never had it before - I was scared, disgusted and embarrassed), thrush on and off for three, a UTI on and off for three (while I has thrush). 

I would still recommend trying, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and every girl responds different. Just be aware of how terrible it can be. I am getting it removed"
"Took this medicine at 7:00pm, recommended by the pharmacist, but still I&#039;m coughing like crazy from a cold and sinus problem.  Not sure if I want to hold my breath for another 10.5 hours?  Hopefully this will help someone else, and I&#039;m going to return this tomorrow."
"For many years, I have not been able to eat out and hardly any restaurant.  In either 15 minutes or up to a few hours depending on where I ate, I would get extremely nauseous and have a diarrhea attack, this after I got extreme swelling in my stomach and belly.  I just discovered by accident that if when I took`Gas-X strips, I either did not get any symptoms or they were mild.  I have been able to add a few good restaurants to places I can eat, (when before it was only at home)  Eating at most fast food restaurants is still a no-no due to MSG and similars.   Taking them 20 min or so before eating produces the best results.  My son found similar results for himself."
"Well just sharing my experience. I had unprotected sex so  I went and got the plan b pill 9 hours later. I didn&#039;t eat anything I just took it then immediately I felt tired I took a nap. As a week or two weeks went by my stomach became very bloated and today I just got my period but still my breasts are bigger and my stomach is still very bloated. I haven&#039;t had any severe side effects from it and this was my very first time taking it. I hope the bloating will go away soon bc basically it looks like I&#039;m pregnant but I have my period so maybe I&#039;ll take a test later on in the month just to make sure. But the pill was pretty decent I didn&#039;t get sick at all."
"I was psychotic and aggressive and  restrained and given ketamine  IM in each leg. I went into deep relaxation and lost sense of time, self. I don&#039;t remember it all but it was a positive experience and it resulted in me going home instead of a psych ward."
"I had my 1 &amp; only shot in March 2017 and immediately felt bloated and sick so I decided not to get another one.
I had my first period in May 2017 and have bled on and off every few days since. I have currently been bleeding for 17 days straight and I haven&#039;t had longer than a 5 day break in between bleeds the entire time.
I&#039;m bloated, hormonal and very tired.
I hate not knowing my body or its cycle and am at a loss of what to do.
I do not recommend this shot to anyone!"
"I was taking 3-4 Lortab&#039;s a day 7.5 for 2 years for chronic low back pain. My new Doctor won&#039;t write narcotics for chronic pain, so he gave me Ultram 25mg. I was worried about withdrawal from Lortab, but I had none, zero, I don&#039;t know how I just didn&#039;t because I have run out in the past and had withdrawals. I like Ultram. I take it less than the Lortab and it works just as well. I think Lortab &quot;made&quot; my body hurt so I would take more of it (if that makes sense). I need 50mg sometimes 100mg to get relief and I can not take Ultram ER. If you are taking that, that may be why you are having dizzy spells ... it made my vertigo crazy!"
"I have only been taking Fanapt for a couple of months now and am happy to say it really works well and has less side effects then my previous medicines."
"I told myself I would definitely write a review if this thing worked. I had sex with my boyfriend and we got caught up in the moment, that he ended up cumming inside me. Even after he came we didn&#039;t stop. When he finally pulled out, we were both freaking out. He went to the store and bought the plan b one-step pill and I took it 15-20 mins after. I wasn&#039;t sure if taking it too soon would mean it wouldn&#039;t work and I was super paranoid. I was even feeling symptoms of being pregnant (which tends to happen when you think about it waaay too much) but here I am, a week after taking the pill and my period just came :) plan b works, don&#039;t stress about it too much. It will do it&#039;s job."
"Reading these reviews, I&#039;m thinking about all the people like me that get the Nexplanon, forget about it, and never write a review! I feel like more negative reviews are common because those are the people that look at other&#039;s reviews. But anyway, I got it put in around a year ago while I was still on the patch. It was FREE at the health department. I finished off my last month of patches after I got it put in and avoided the withdrawal bleeding. I didn&#039;t get a period for at least 6 months after that. The bruise was gnarly and really sore for about two weeks, and tender for at least a month after that. The only bad side effect I have noticed is increased breakouts, but they&#039;re easy enough to deal with if you have a good skincare routine."
"100% accurate."
"I have had pretty bad skin for about four years now; usually just large whiteheads in my T-Zone in particular, but they seem to scar awfully and it was really starting to affect my confidence. I had tried everything and nothing seemed to work, but then I went to my doctor and he prescribed me with Duac. I have never been so thankful! In around three months of use my skin has almost completely cleared up, and my scars have faded so much! I have experienced no itchiness or burning on application; I&#039;m not sure if this is because I moisturize before I put the product on, but I would recommend doing so."
"Its been 3 weeks since my first Synvisc One injection in both knees, left knee unbearable pain since day of injection. Pain in places I didn&#039;t have before. Pain behind my knee and down my leg, can&#039;t sleep, walk or barely drive without pain. I am a professional dog walker and this was supposed to help not hurt. Will never get again! (I&#039;m 42, severe bone on bone arthritis in both knees, have had 4 years of cortisone injections every few months, and take anti inflammatory prescription daily, have tried physical therapy 3 times)  I guess I will just wait for knee replacements, and put my life on hold until then."
"I was on this pill for only a month, when I started to notice that I was having problems wearing my contact lenses, which I never experienced before. By the end of the day my eyes were red. I was taking Orth Tri Cyclen a couple years before and never had any problems. But with this pill by the end of the month I had experienced a real bad headache, sharp stomach pains, and vision problems. My vision on my left eye started getting blurry and I felt pressure on my eye as well. This side effect even continued while wearing my glasses. So I was freaking out because this is my vision we&#039;re talking about. So I stopped taking this pill and within two days my vision was back to normal and I can wear my contact lenses again, without any discomfort."
"I have been taking this birth control for 6 months now and as far as I&#039;m concerned, it works well. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant and I don&#039;t use condoms with my significant other. The first few months I may have had a little bit of nausea and bloating, but that&#039;s all gone now. My acne has pretty much stayed the same, but my periods are lighter and shorter. They are also very regular. As for changing my weight, I believe Apri has actually helped regulate my weight, so I haven&#039;t gained any pounds nor lost any while maintaining the same diet. Mood swings could probably be better, but that comes with all young female adults under stress anyway."
"Good for stomach pains, indigestion and extreme gaseous pains and conditions."
"I have osteoarthritis.  I could not bend my knees. Walking was impossible. My dr. Discussed using the cortizone injections. They would help for a week or so. And then back to pain. Well, my dr. Discussed the Orthovisc injections. I&#039;m on my 2nd injection and what a relief. There is some swelling after but nothing ice packs can take care of. I recommend these injections for me ..they worked. Now hopefully they will help for 6mos. .. but I would certainly have them again."
"Helped the fibro pain completely. But my sleep is totally messed up and I am tied all the time
 Also I feel emotionally flat. No motivation at all. For now I&#039;ll keep on it as having total body pain 24/7 was hell on earth"
"Biotin is pure bliss. I have been taking it everyday at 5000 mg. It has definitely made improvement in my nails and hair. I have been taking it for a few months and my hair has grown almost two inches. Reading tons of negative reviews on other sites at first made me think that biotin would barely do anything, but that was wrong biotin definitely helped my hair, skin, and nails! Taking this everyday and sticking with it really makes a difference!"
"It worked! Had brief unprotected sex then used condom for the rest of it, but I took a plan b about 1-2 hours later just to be careful cause of Pre cum. Most likely after ovulation. Started freaking out and reading reviews positive I was pregnant because I overreact like that. I had slight nausea and diarrhea a couple days after but very little side effects. Period came right on time. I&#039;m not gonna tell you not to worry because I did that no matter how many reviews I read, but use this feeling to make sure you don&#039;t make this mistake again! Good luck"
"Pristiq was a miracle for me. I was originally put on the 50mg and my mood drastically changed from depressed and anxious to happy and functioning. Do NOT forget to take it, though. I forgot to take a dose one day and I was a mess the whole day, and then when I finally took it again, it didn&#039;t work as well so I had to have the dosage doubled. Then I ran out and couldn&#039;t get in touch with my psychiatrist so I spent about a week off of it. Was extremely depressed and had to be watched closely by my family and boyfriend to make sure that I didn&#039;t hurt myself. Tried going back on it but it no longer worked. I&#039;m not sure if I hadn&#039;t had those mishaps with taking it if I would still be on it but it was definitely a lifesaver while it worked."
"I use Tylenol #4 for moderate abdominal pain caused from endometriosis. This medication doesn&#039;t completely stop the pain but makes it easier to function normally. The best thing about it it starts working so quickly after I take it. Other medications I have tried like Vicodin does not work as quickly or effectively."
"Taken 25mg nightly for almost 2 months. No change to migraines. Still 2 to 3 per week. Makes me sleep very deeply but leaves me feeling weak during the day, lightheaded, and some heart fluttering. Will be going back to my doctor to try something else."
"I think I made a post a long time ago about my experience with topiramate. But I can&#039;t recall if I did or not. Anyway. I was prescribed topiramate for my migraines. At first it was all good my migraines were handled well and I lost 30 lbs in 4 months. It&#039;s now 2 years later. I&#039;ve experienced multiple side affects. My fingers tingle. My hands shake. I frequently feel as if I can&#039;t speak , like everything I want to say is on the tip of my tongue. I think of what I&#039;m going to say and it comes out jumbled . When I started i weighed 238 I was at one point 207. I&#039;d never been so &quot;small&quot;. Losing weight so quick didn&#039;t make me feel good. Ive been off it for a month and now weigh 240.. maybe it was worth it .."
"At first, when I began taking Prozac, I had a lost more &quot;episodes&quot;. I just cried in my bedroom for hours; I can&#039;t even describe the emotions, if I could even call them that, going through me. It was like a dark part of me took over, and it wanted nothing but an end; I don&#039;t even to what. Everything was way worse; multiple suicidal thoughts per a single day were not uncommon. Gradually, I started feeling better; there was no sudden happiness or peace, but I felt normal. Now, I just don&#039;t know what&#039;s going on with me. Stress and everything is piling up on me, once again. Eating is a chore. I feel like I&#039;m on the brink of falling apart, on the thin line between sanity&amp;insanity. I don&#039;t want life or death. I want to not exist. I&#039;m just confused"
"I get a couple of migraines a month.  Not sure if they are aggravated by hormones, stress or sinus pressure, probably a combination.  Regardless I always have throbbing pain on one side of my head along with tight muscles through the neck and shoulder.   Cyclobenzoprine is all that works.  About 30 min after taking it I can feel the tension in my head and eyes lift.  What a life saver after years of pain.  I always back it up with an ibuprofen too.  The ibuprofen alone barely touches it."
"So far so good.  I&#039;ve been taking it combined with Neurontin and I feel great!  I tell my husband how happy he makes me everyday...my happy feeling is back.  Although I have bad days with Fibro but I no longer have bad weeks."
"Every since I started using clonazepam I haven&#039;t had a single migraine. "
"Wellbutrin is a good help with severe grief reaction without the need for prozac, etc. For me, it gave me a break from the grief. No great feelings of joy but less deep gutwrenching grief, but also less ability to cry. No weight gain, no real side-effects.  I&#039;ve taken it for about 3 months and it doesn&#039;t change my personality.  I take a low dose of about 250 mg / day and I&#039;m 165 lbs.  150mg wasn&#039;t enough."
"I got Implanon August 2011 and have loved it ever since! I wasn&#039;t aware of the method going into the doctor and got the implant with little to no research. After insertion I went home read the reviews and immediately freaked out about my decision, I gave it a chance though and couldn&#039;t be happier. I had been on Depo for a year, and due to the potential of bone density loss, my performance as an elite endurance athlete and my history of low iron, my doctor wanted me off Depo asap. I have had zero problems with the implant, the only issue was training immediately after insertion my arm was extra tender. I haven&#039;t had a period or bleeding since, I&#039;ve actually lost weight as well. Highly recommend."
"I have been using it for a month and my eyes are a mess.  I just thought maybe I had really bad allergies all of a sudden and that my eyesight was starting to go bad due to age.  Then on top of the watering and blurriness, my eyes started burning and I finally put two and two together.  I will stop using it immediately and hopefully there is no permanent damage."
"Was feeling horrible for a few days. Thought it was a nasty sinus bug until the blood started coming up. Went to the doctor and turns out I had the flu AND pneumonia. I was prescribed 500 mg for ten days. I am on day 8 of 10 and this stuff is AWESOME. I felt brand new on day 3. By day 4 my breathing was back to normal and the blood was out of my mucus. The only &quot;bad&quot; side effect is sleep! Pop on Netflix and have a &quot;special&quot; brownie or cookie and relax. You won&#039;t even feel sick."
"I started using minocycline exactly 3 weeks ago. At first the medication was fine and I did not notice any side effects. Within the first week, my acne got worse. Second week was even worse. Third week was just awful. Not only did my acne get worse than when I had initially started, but my body started breaking out in red dots that became itchy and unbearable! By week 2 I would wake up dizzy and nauseated. I ended up going to my dermatologist today and she switched me to another medication- Septra. Fingers crossed that I DO NOT have another reaction that minocycline gave me!"
"Been on Latuda 40 mg for six weeks. Doctor put me at 80 yesterday and the restlessness I experienced last night was unbearable.   All day I haven&#039;t been able to stop moving my feet and legs.    Called the doctor today and she said continue taking it and go to the emergency room if the symptoms get worse.  PLEASE HELP.  Does the restlessness go away !!?????"
"A 51 year old chronic migraine sufferer, Butalbital compound (with caffeine and Codeine called Fiorinal) has changed my life. Once afraid of the addictive nature of barbiturates I would not take this when needed and was down with a migraine for days. Now I take it at the first sign as prescribed by my doctor, even at work and am 100% in an hour. Even when having to take it later by not having some with me when a Migraine presented itself, &quot;Fiorinal&quot; has been a lifesaver, reducing the severity and complexity of symptoms resulting in a severe but manageable headache until completely resolving symptoms with another dosage and sleep. It&#039;s important to note that regular checks of Liver functions by blood test every 3-6 months is recommended by my doctor."
"I&#039;m using it for a five day period for a bacteria infection, twice a day. I think its working. It&#039;s my fourth day and it was the only day I felt slight irritation. I&#039;m not sure if that means it has stopped working or what but I hope that after my last day that I finally get a full ease.

My only side effect is headache and dizziness as well as nausea which isn&#039;t so bad. As for the taste, I don&#039;t keep it on my tongue long enough to get a good taste so I can&#039;t testify for that."
"Hysterectomy at 26. I&#039;ve been on HRT for 30 years and medications available have changed with time. This is the best I&#039;ve tried so far."
"I have just started Levofloxacin for prostatitis that I&#039;ve been battling for 4 months. I&#039;ve tried Doxy and Cipro with no luck. I&#039;m day two into Levofloxacin and I&#039;m experiencing pretty back anxiety. Has anybody else experienced anxiety on this medication? Should I stop taking it or try and push through it??

Thank you"
"I got the Mirena inserted 7 weeks after giving birth back in 2011. The initial process was okay, there was a little bit of cramping, but nothing major I took two Advil and the pain was gone. The Mirena itself was great, I had no issues or side effects, after the first two months I no longer got a period, but I would still experience the cramps and breast soreness. I recently got my Mirena removed because we could not locate the strings, after having an ultrasound done, we saw that the Mirena was exactly where it was supposed to be, although that was good news I decided to have it taken out. I would suggest it, no period, no side effects and you don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill daily. Its good for 5 years!"
"I just started Linzess last week, and it&#039;s already made a huge difference in my life. No more struggling to go or ending up in the hospital. Yes, my constipation was so severe it was called obstapation. I have had 3 episodes this year alone in the hospital. Linzess has turned things around. No more. bloating, stomach pain or stomach distention. I&#039;m happy to say this drug was a miracle for me!"
"A doctgor (I&#039;ve been to many) tried me on Ultram.  On about the 2nd or 3rd day, I was at work and began feeling very strange.  I got shakier as the morning progressed.  I got up and could not walk without holding on to the wall.  Then I began having breathing problems.  I asked my boss if somebody could take me to the ER.  On the way there, I truly felt like I was going to die.  My coworker got me into the ER and the triage team first checked my heart out with an ECG, etc.  The conclusion the ER doctor came up with is that I was having something called Serotonin Syndrome which can be quite serious.  They gave me some Ativan and sent me home.  My mother-in-law was on Ultram for years and it worked very well for her."
"I have taken Keppra for the last 8 yrs. I take 6-500mg pills and 3-100mg pills a day. It has worked very well for me. I did have a Grand-Mal Seizure a few months back. It was the worst I ever had. They did a blood level on me and my blood level was Therapeutic, Meaning normal. It is a good medicine to take. But like any other medicine it has it&#039;s off days. I do recommend it though."
"I was prescribed macrobid for a 3 day course, 2 doses a day. The first day I seemed to be getting better, but then I woke up at 4:15am the morning of the second day with chest pains. Throughout the day I suffered from headaches, chest pains, muscle and joint aches, nausea, dizziness, fever and chills. Now on the third day, and though I&#039;m not feeling as ill anymore, I&#039;m still dealing with chest, back and stomach pains. Can&#039;t even tell if treating the UTI because I&#039;ve been in so much pain. Worst experience I&#039;ve ever had with antibiotics - would definitely never use macrobid again!"
"Alprazolam offers a &quot;cleaner&quot; anxiolytic effect for me compared to Ativan. The &quot;waviness&quot; in lorazepam isn&#039;t present in Xanax, though at the 0.75mg dosage level and above I do get a bit of confusion sometimes. 0.5mg works well in a subtle way, though it can be tempting to want to bring up the dose a bit - I had a panic attack while on the medicine at 0.5mg and I couldn&#039;t get rid of it until I had taken 1.5mg - and I fell asleep. All in all, Xanax works for anxiety."
"I have to say that Drysol is a life saver. All of a sudden about 4 years ago I started sweating to the point where it was embarrassing to go out in public for fear that people would see pit stains. I went to my dermatologist and he recommended this product I started using it maybe a week ago and within the first two uses I was sweat free! When I go to work out, I will be dripping wet everywhere but underarms are completely dry! Drysol is a life saver. I highly recommend."
"Nizatidine is by far the best histamine-2 blocker but very expensive."
"I had tried various birth control w HORRIBLE side effects so I decided to give this a try bc there are NO hormones. Insertion was uncomfortable, not painful. I spotted the first few weeks, as expected. 
Now I&#039;m back to normal. I&#039;ve never had kids and don&#039;t want them so this was my last resort birth control. I only wish I had known of this option years ago!!!!"
"Originally I started to take birth control for heavy cramps and periods. Having used Ortho Tricyclen Lo for about three years as a teen, I got off and realized my mood swings stabilized, depression lifted, and my cramps, although painful, were actually LESS than on OTC Lo. 

For a time I was put on Trinessa, and there were absolutely NO side effects. But then my insurance switched me back to OTC Lo, I realized why I became a crazy-face again. Needless to say, I insisted on Trinessa, and the three dollar copay is WELL worth the peace of mind it gives me. 

Plus, my skin is flawless now."
"I have recently been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder.  I have had symptoms of this for years not knowing what was wrong with me. I would go a few years with no issues cause I was drinking very heavily  ( 1- 2 cases of beer a night)  I have tried SSRI&#039;s as they would not work with the depression and anxiety.  I recently was switched from zyprexa to quetiapine 100 mg (will be increased to 200mg in 2 days.)  It has been 3 days and I have already noticed a complete difference.  My thoughts seem a lot more stable, I&#039;m not as paranoid, I found my anxiety has lessoned (I was having 4 -6 panic attacks at work a day) and I just feel more stable now.  I am very grateful as to I was so desperate for help."
"I tried smoking a cigarette at age 12.  A couple puffs and it felt like a caustic blue irritating gas.  After receiving my draft card in 1968 I joined the military.  In boot camp just about everyone smoked their special brand.  So it was cool to smoke.   Of course a pack back then was 25 cents pack not 10 dollars today.  With age &amp; time the desire to smoke increased.  A pack a day and shortness of breath got my attention.  So at 63 I started on Chantix and Prozac.  Five months later and the desire is gone!  Thanks Chantix."
"Started on Cymbalta for anxiety &amp; depression fall 2014. It was the first anti-depressant that I&#039;d ever tried (aside from St. John&#039;s Wort). Side effects during the first week of taking it were SO terrible that I had to stop. I was constantly dizzy. I couldn&#039;t focus on anything. It made my body so tense, I&#039;d catch myself clenching my teeth and fists. Insomnia was terrible; I&#039;d wake up ~5x per night. I work in healthcare and I felt like I couldn&#039;t do my job with all of these side effects, so I stopped. The side effects were really worse than my anxiety and depression. I have no doubt that they would have eventually decreased, but I couldn&#039;t wait for that to happen. Obviously, the side effects will be different for everybody but that&#039;s my story"
"I&#039;ve been on this for almost a year and I&#039;ve never had any issue except mild nausea before my period. My periods use to be very heavy and last two weeks and the PMS would take a serious toll on me. On this my periods are lighter and last 4-5 days. My PMS is significantly lessened. I still get teary eyed pretty easily before my period but now I&#039;m not a raging PMS machine."
"This pill did not work well at all for me. I was on it for severe cramping and while it slightly dulled the cramps, its side effects made things worse than they were to begin with.  For the 4 months that I was on it, I had 2 periods a month, one half way through the pack and one at the end.  Both had bad cramps.  After the first month, my skin started to break out like crazy. Not only that, but this pill made me really moody, to the point that I would cry over nothing and get really upset at people. "
"I have been taking Cryselle for 2 years now and I love it.  Haven&#039;t had any side effects and the way it helps keep my period regular is awesome.  I know exactly when to expect it and how long it will last.  Before Cryselle I was taking another birth control that made me nauseous, gave me headaches, and would give me 2 periods a month. I love that I found Cryselle and I will continue to use it."
"Started 2 months ago and I lost 10 pounds in the first month, the second month I lost 4.6 pounds. I have combined the pill with dieting something small every 2-3 hours and a decent size meal like chicken and rice 2 hours before my workouts. I like belviq and would do it again. I started off at 181.00 and now I&#039;m down to 165.9"
"The only reason it&#039;s not a 10 for me is side effects, which were very significant at first but have gotten well into a reasonable range. I researched heavily before starting, know it can be hell to discontinue, and if the relief hadn&#039;t been so immense within days from both pain and anxiety I probably would have stopped it--glad I didn&#039;t. Took about 5-6 weeks for depression to get under control, but I feel great now. No cognitive issues like Neurotin, pain meds, and Ativan, no sleepiness for me (sleeplessness was a bigger problem at first). I have osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, lumbar disk pain, GAD, chronic depression issues."
"Tested positive in april 2015 was prescribed triumeq.  Viral load was 55000. T Cell count 199.

After only 9 Weeks on medication with Valtrex in conjunction; Viral Load was 30 (that&#039;s thirty, basically undetectable)  T Cell count up to 478.   I had no side effects at all.    

With manufacture coupon. (print online...had no problem at pharmacy drug is free)  think cash price is 4K per month normally"
"I was on generess before this.. which was a mint chewable. Very strange. I had zero side effects from that, EXCEPT the dosage was so strong I had these sharp shooting pains in my chest like I was having a heart attack. So I switched to lo loestrin. I don&#039;t get my period anymore AT ALL. No spotting, nothing. No more shooting pains. My only complaint is that I&#039;ve noticed a serious decline in sex drive. If they could somehow fix that this would get 10 stars!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lutera for about a year and had no problems at all. Then my insurance switched to Orysthia and I&#039;ve been having mood swings, acne, and what seems like, 3 week periods. I&#039;m going back to Lutera."
"The pain went away for about 2 weeks and then the pain came back strong. I think the Synvisc one doesn&#039;t do what they say it does. There needs to be another form of injection without having to go to the doctor 5 weeks in a row that will last a true six months this Synvisc one shot was not worth the money that they charge the health insurance and myself"
"I switched recently to this medicine from Latuda due to akathisia and lack of effectiveness. It has work wonders on my mood. It has paired up with Zoloft to make a solid team of an antidepressant/mood stabilizer combination. I feel like I can do much more now, my sociability has increased, even my anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder have been helped by it! My experience on this medicine has been better overall in the past month I&#039;ve been on it than the two years I was on Latuda. The only negative side effect so far is sexual side effects."
"After two weeks using Spiriva the wheezing and loose phlegm have all but disappeared."
"I have been on Methodone one for nearly 13 years to manage chronic pain. I have been on 90mg. daily for approximately the last 3 years. I started at 100mg but after 10 years I had an auto accident and quickly discovered that since my dose was so high and my tolerance was great, almost every other pain med. the E.R. tried didn&#039;t work!! I was in the most agonizing pain I had ever felt! No sympathy from the nurses, to them, I &quot;had enough med. on board to kill a horse!&quot; Which was only maddening to me because &quot;I&quot; was the one in extreme agony! Its taking a long time but I definitely decided then that I needed to lower my dose as much as I could slowly, safely. I am still working on that. Three years and only down 1 10mg. pill is discouraging!!"
"Been taking Midrin for 6 years, migraines are getting worse with age. Auras, numbness in arms, cluster headaches. Can&#039;t take Motrin anymore, doctor says I&#039;ve taken too much. Midrin makes me feel like I&#039;ve taken a muscle relaxer after I wake up the next day. So, the day after I take this I feel like a zombie.  Still looking for something better!"
"sever headaches and nausea. 
Awaiting the phone call from my doctor to get me off it!"
"Was diagnosed with HIV Sept. 2014. Began Complera a month later and three weeks later, my viral load was undetectable. In addition, I&#039;ve suffered little if no side-effects. I&#039;m a 48 year old, white male. As this is the only HIV medicine I&#039;ve ever known and have noticed nothing different in terms of body changes or flatulence, or whatever, I&#039;d give Complera two thumbs up--good luck, everybody."
"Started this a few months ago and the first month I had a 4 week long period which was not fun, however I&#039;ve had no weight gain whatsoever, increased sex drive, and less acne! I really like this birth control and now my periods are completely regular after that terrible first month."
"I&#039;m 14 years old with OCD. I tried Prozac and it just made me make decisions that weren&#039;t like me. Ive been on Zoloft for awhile and it&#039;s really helping. I haven&#039;t obsessed at ALL. I just don&#039;t overthink and I live a great life."
"Just mixed my first bottle with ginger ale at 4:45 finished it 4:50 record time for me plus chashed it down with one of the 16 oz of water !! If you guys think this is bad you would have died drinking the golytly from 20 years ago!! The second prep was 2.5 years ago movieprep I just pretended it was a shot at bar lol but this one was a breeze.... 52 and this is my 3 rd colonoscopy I have severe diverticulitis so I know what to expect. I have a very soft diet for the whole week before test because remember what goes in must come out :) Good luck everyone&lt;3"
"I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq for 2 full months now.  It helps me get up and out of the house and I don&#039;t feel as hopeless.  People aren&#039;t getting on my nerves as much either. Continuing side effects for me are sleepiness, headaches and a rise in blood pressure.  I&#039;m seeing my doctor to taper off as the side effects are too much.

In the first few weeks I noticed a dramatic loss of appetite which has unfortunately gone away.  I have some weight to lose.  For a while there I was eating like a &quot;normal&quot; person, which was really nice.

I&#039;ve been on everything, most recently Prozac and Cymbalta.  Just don&#039;t know if there&#039;s anything left to try."
"Been on Lortab for severe nerve pain after trying Cymbalta &amp; Lyrica. Works well."
"My experience with Hetlioz has been very positive. I usually sleep 6-7 hours of sleep every night. Every now and then I still have a night I can&#039;t sleep very well as I think my bodies clock is still adjusting to Hetlioz. That being said when I wake up I actually feel rested (even on my bad nights). I feel like I have more energy. My digestion issues are getting better, my mood is better because I don&#039;t feel like I am exhauster. Before taking Hetloz I would wake up in the morning feeling exhausted, even if I slept thru the night. I truly was not functioning well before Hetlioz. I struggled for years with INSOMNIA. I tried many different sleeping medications with no luck until one of my doctors prescribed Hetlioz."
"Very good experience I had tried many other pills and this is the only one that doesn&#039;t upset my stomach, I was so happy about that because I have gastritis, also my mood stabilized which was the main reason I was put on this medicine because I have extreme PMS. I gained 4lbs the first 2 weeks but I watched what I was eating and went back to normal weight, no extra pimples, some blood in the middle of the cycle and tender breast. Overall good"
"For several years I had been using a corticosteroid nasal spray to control my seasonal allergies, the spray worked great but I would wake up every morning with a very dry nose and occasional bleeding. My allergist said the spray should only be used for breakthrough allergies and that I should be taking an OTC antihistamine every day during allergy season. His recommendation was cetirizine but it made me so sleepy that I could barely function for the 24hrs it was in my system. I then tried loratadine but experienced the same thing. I moved onto desloratadine but was skeptical since it&#039;s the activated form of loratadine that it would also make me drowsy. Surprisingly it doesn&#039;t!"
"TookHarvoni from March-June2015.  Had blood work in Sept 2015 every this is back to normal range. I did not have any side affects like others.  I am a baby boomer Hepc is epidemic in our age group. My PCP just randomly a test on me.  I did not have any symptons related to having Hepc.  I felt normal before I knew I was infected with the virus"
"I have been taking invokana for about a year and a half now after taking 1000mg of metformin daily and levemir and humalog daily. The metformin and insulin was not working as well as Dr. wanted it to so I was switched to the extended release metformin 1000mg twice a day and added invokana 100mg. I have since been able to go completely off of the two insulin pens and my sugars have been in normal range. I have lost a little bit of weight but I have developed a horrible  itch and yeast infection that will not go away. I was given diflucan a while ago but it didn&#039;t help. I have also recently noticed that I have been losing a ton of hair. I literally get handfuls of hair after a shower and am pulling handfuls out of my brush every time I brush."
"Ritali doesn&#039;t work for me but Concerta does. My dosage is 72 mg of Concerta. 200 mg of Seroquel and 20 mg of Ritalin."
"I got on the depo shot from recommendations. I&#039;ve been on it for almost 2 months and at 1st i loved it, but now it makes my 3rd week spotting badly one day brown and  one day blood!! I been vomiting everything I eat. Also its makin my sex life complicated I get tired for no reason and really moody"
"At first it was extremely helpful but after the first year or so of extended use, the effects begin to diminish. Not dramatically but enough to be noticed."
"I have been on Lo Loestrin for almost 2 months and was extremely nervous, since the last birth control I had been on did not work at all. Lo Loestrin has been absolutely great for me. I weigh 120 and am 19 years old. I have experienced NO mood swings, heavy bleeding, head aches, nausea or vomitting. I would definitely recommend anyone to give this birth control a shot!"
"I was worried to be on a medication such as lialda on its strongest dosage (4 pills a day). My doctor told me to have all 4 in the morning with food. The combination of the Lialda and Canasa suppository at night helped my symptoms within days. I was blood free for two weeks but now notice some blood again. I&#039;m really frustrated and hope this is just going to take more time and not mean that I have to try something stronger. "
"I have tried several prenatal vitamins over the past year as we have been trying to get/stay pregnant and I was either nauseous, extremely dizzy, had a metal taste in my mouth or all of the above! PreNexa is the first prenatal vitamin that did not have any side effects at all! I feel great and more energized!"
"Air bubbles in tube cause loss of medication."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for almost two years now and I wouldn&#039;t change it for anything. It was my first birth control and I love it. I take it at night at a set time and it doesn&#039;t cause any side effects such as nausea. I reccomend Yaz to everyone. It really does work!"
"I&#039;ve now been on this medication for 8 weeks. I&#039;ve lost 20lbs. No side effects except dry mouth sometimes and being tired sometimes. The weight is just falling off of me. I look great again. I will continue this drug until I lost another 20lbs. I&#039;ve tried a lot of medications for weight loss and non worked. This is actually working. My insurance covers most of the fee. Have your doctor call in the needles also and you get those cheaper."
"I have taken this medication for over two decades and it works well. Without it I wouldn&#039;t be able to hardly eat anything. If I run out and have to wait to get my refills .. It usually takes several days before any horrible symptoms come back. I try to get my meds before that happens. It really does help in making life so much better. You can eat in a normal fashion but sensible. I try to drink plenty of water, so my meds won&#039;t be to much of a strain on my bladder &amp; kidneys and all my organs. I know without this medicine I couldn&#039;t even drink water without suffering the consequences.. it was that bad."
"I recently was diagnosed with Complex Migraine. I feel like I am having some kind of seizure that I am awake for: numbness and facial twitching, slurred speech, ocular pain and all kinds of bizarre visuals. Sumatriptan definitely takes the edge off. It only works if I am already having a severe migraine though, and takes some time to work as well. In addition, I cannot take this medicine if I am at work, because it makes me rather tired. However, it is quite helpful for when I am at home and does significantly reduce the disorienting pain and eye pressure. It does not make aura disappear but it makes it less bright. Not perfect but pretty good!"
"I have been seeing my doctor for the last 3 years starting from back pain and fibromyalgia. I tried so much medication including 6 epidural injection in my lumbar and sacroiliac joint, nothing seems to work. Finally I was referred to an internal doctor and after reviewing my case she asked me to try Cymbalta. I finally get relief from it, my life is back to normal and I&#039;m very satisfied."
"The medication works, but the spring-loaded horse tranquilizer-style delivery device is barbaric.  I&#039;d rather get a regular syringe and inject it myself than using their prefilled ones."
"After suffering 75% coverage for 25 years and various medications and creams which helped a little for a few weeks or months, Humira has totally cleared all my skin. I still have dark scars from where it used to be on my back and legs, but they don&#039;t bother me in the slightest. I have been on Humira treatment since December 2009. 
No more vacuuming the floor every day for dead skin flakes, my princess thinks that&#039;s the best result!"
"Not impressed with doxycycline at all.
Been taking it for about four months now and my skin has never looked worse. 
I&#039;ve been sunburnt terribly, gained weight, bruised more, and everywhere on my face has more pimples.
I&#039;m coming off this in a few days, can&#039;t wait."
"It&#039;s not a miracle cure, but it definitely helps.  First time I was prescribed it, my jaw had been locked for a little over three weeks.  Needless to say, I was pretty desperate to have any kind of fix.  After yet another failed appointment with the TMJ specialists, I went to my primary doctor hoping that she had been able to find something new.  This time, she prescribed Cyclobenzaprine.  No joke, four hours later I could open my jaw.  Works like a charm.  The pain goes away with it too (no more tension).  Only downside, is it makes me sleepy and a little loopy.  No driving on this stuff (for me anyways)."
"Have suffered from very labile bp for over 45 years. In spite of renal stent 2 years ago, bp occcasionally hits 210/ 110 in the evening.  Had to stop Avapro because of dizziness, and sleepiness (was taking it in combo with Norvasc and Cardura) the problem has persisted.  Just started Bystolic 10 days ago and most of the time my bp is good BUT night time highs still occur.  When they do I use Nitrostat to bring it down. I&#039;m taking 10 mg of Bystolic in the morning and 2 mg of Cardura in the evening, however am still suffering the same dizziness and sleepiness as I did with Avapro.  My doctor wants me to reverse and take the Bystolic in the evening (to sleep off the side effects) and the Cardura in the morning.  I&#039;m getting discouraged!"
"I had unprotected sex the day before ovulation.  I wasn&#039;t aware at that time I was extremely fertile. I took Plan B within 6 hours after intercourse. I can&#039;t lie, I absolutely knew I was pregnant!  I had all the symptoms. I was nauseated,  headaches, swollen breasts, and I cramped daily. I was so ecstatic to see my period come on the same day it was expected! Birth control pills will be started today!  Thanks Plan B!"
"I started Lamictal at 25 mg and was instructed to titrate up to 100 mg.  As soon as I got to 50mg, I got the rash. I was told to go back down to 25 instead of stopping completely. 2 weeks later I had a stiff neck, sore throat, burning eyes, mouth sores, red purple rash came back worse than before.  I was admitted to the hospital and diagnosed with Stevens-Johnson Syndrome. The most painful thing I&#039;ve ever been through! I am still recovering after being discharged from the hospital a week ago."
"Within 5 days of taking Eliquis I have an itch rash on both sides of various parts of the body. Particularly itch at night after a couple of hours sleep. Seems to appear on same area of opposite sides of body simultaneously. Legs, upper arms, forearms, thighs, sides of stomach and chest.
Also muscle spasms, legs, hips, back arms.
Stop taking drug and no more muscle spasms and itching and rash clears up within a week to ten days."
"I absolutely loved it at first then all of the sudden NON STOP bleeding, literally non STOP for the past 4 months. Clots of blood at this point. I am getting this removed immediately."
"Addicted to heroin/dilaudid (hydromorphone) &amp; pretty much ANYTHING injectable steady daily for over 5 yrs. Went onto methadone thru a clinic after over a year on waiting list. On methadone for 18 months w/good results (no use) but didn&#039;t want to be in a clinic setting daily to medicate &amp; ultimately want to be med free- Doc tapered my methadone dose in order to switch me to suboxone in the hopes of then tapering me to no meds. Doc felt it was best chance at achieving my goal of zero meds w/continued sobriety. It took nearly 5 days to alleviate the withdrawal from methadone even after tapering to less than 50mg daily &amp; not dosing for several days in an attempt to lower my levels. Very very difficult transition for me. Hopefully a good choice"
"I&#039;m a 22 year old healthy female and I&#039;ve been on depo for a little over a year and it has been horrible. I can deal with the weight gain but they told me the bleeding would most likely stop after a year of use or after my body got used to depo but I&#039;m still having non-stop bleeding and have also been having nausea and heart palpitations along with numerous other side effects. Needless to say I will not be receiving another shot. This is ridiculous and also a little scary. I would never wish this on anyone. Maybe it&#039;s okay for some people but it&#039;s obviously not for everyone."
"I used the exterior cream to cure the mild itching , now my V skin is on fire, severe itching, swelling and burning even after I washed the cream ."
"Ativan is a great medication..It doesn&#039;t have any side effects..It really works!"
"I have multiple sclerosis and take Solu-Medrol through an intravenous infusion. I have taken it three times, and it seems to get rid of the symptoms, I get through my MS attacks, very quickly.
Sometimes it works right away (within hours), sometimes it takes the full 5 day treatment. Even if you do not immediately feel like the symptoms are getting better, it doesn&#039;t mean that the Solu Medrol isn&#039;t working. It is in fact stopping the attack of the brain.
The only thing that I do not like is the metallic taste you get in your mouth. Also, there is a really odd urine smell that comes out through your pores. My blood sugar levels go up when on Solu Medrol, but the body usually corrects this."
"I&#039;m 16 yr old female and was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6. I was on Ritalin, then something else, then Concerta and it was hard. I had major depression, lack of sleep, lack of appetite and the ability to feel any emotion was gone. Yes I&#039;m an A student but I was not happy, so I tried Vyvance. It doesn&#039;t last as long but I am happier. I can feel emotion now and I&#039;m still getting A&#039;s and B&#039;s."
"I&#039;m starting today and scared out of my mind reading all of these reviews. My Dr recommended 4 diet pills that are FDA approved. i just picked this one based on price. I got the 14 day free trial and its 75 $ a month, minus the 25$ coupon, so 50 $ is basically what I spend on fast food. But I&#039;m praying to God that I don&#039;t get heart issues or end up in the hospital.  pray for me!"
"It does its job, but I&#039;m tired, extremely moody, border-line depressed, and I get headaches. I gave it 7 months, now I&#039;m changing."
"The numbing shot hurt but I couldn&#039;t feel the insertion of Nexplanon. The days following, I had a bruise which lasted for a week or two. About a week and a half after getting the implant, I started spotting and didn&#039;t stop for two and a half months, which was pretty discouraging at first, however it was very light and I knew my body could take time to adjust to the new hormone so I waited it out. Side note: I highly suggest U by Kotex panty liners, they don&#039;t feel like they&#039;re even there (not sponsored, wish I was ;) ) When I stopped spotting, no period for around 50 days. Since then, my cycle has been around 40-45 days and light period. Which is pretty nice cause it&#039;s less periods per year than the average 28-30 day cycle I&#039;ve always had."
"47 y/o male. This colonoscopy prep was much better than the ones I&#039;ve used in the past. It tastes terrible, but it&#039;s a relatively small amount to drink, compared to preps I&#039;ve used in the past. Started working in about 15 minutes. Worst part is having to get up in the middle of the night to take the second dose."
"I got the kyleena inserted about four days ago and it only felt like a big cramp for an hour after. I had no cramping or bleeding since it was inserted but now four days later out of no where I have the worst cramps - so bad that I can&#039;t even stand up but still no bleeding. Should I be worried ?"
"Worked okay. "
"I took prednisone twice for my lichen planus. the 1st time it worked great, a lot of my plaque areas cleared up and went away, however anytime I was experiencing stress, a change in other medications, anxiety ect, I broke out in new sites. The 2nd time I took prednisone I experienced severe side effects. It caused a perforation in my bowel, stomach and lower intestine. I also got a abscess under my liver that had to be tubed. I spent 6 days in the hospital and was  given a PIC line for administration of IV antibiotic Zosyn every 6 hrs for 30 days after release from the hospital. (that then gave me c difficile, not once but TWICE.) It did help with my lichen planus, but the side effects for me greatly outweighed its successes."
"I am a first time user: Extreme fatigue for the first few days taking it. After a few weeks of dramatic mood swings, the nausea around period week woke me up in the middle of the night! Waves of nausea that didn&#039;t allow me to eat for almost entire day. But, I&#039;m still sticking it out- no weight gain, I&#039;ve started taking B-complex which REALLY helps. Oddest side effect is I no longer have desires for coffee (it makes me more tired) but am now frequently very thirsty."
"I&#039;m on my second to last day and haven&#039;t experienced any side effects.  The pill itself is like taking a large aspirin, just swallow it down.  I haven&#039;t experienced any noticeable changes yet in my vaginitis, but I know antibiotics have different reaction times for different people.  My only complaint is that I really want a beer after work today and it&#039;s a no-go.  Oh well."
"I don&#039;t see a lot of posts on this but if I can reach 1 person then it&#039;s well worth it.  I was a heavy drinking alcoholic for 10 years.  Went to detox and was on 250mg for 102 days.  Had to stop taking as a precaution for knee surgery.  5 days later I figured why not see what happens.  Passed the ethyl alcohol on skin test.  Passed the use regular mouthwash for 3 days test.  At the end of day 5 I cracked a beer on empty stomach and sipped slowly.  After 1/3 the beer in 10 minutes I could feel my face flushing and could see the itchy red hives on my forearms.  That was enough for me.  Poured the test down the sink and will start taking again after the surgery.  Alcohol destroyed my life once.  No way I was going to let it happen again."
"I&#039;m only on my second month but Beyaz is already an answered prayer! I&#039;ve suffered from polycystic ovarian syndrome for years and birth control pills have always aggravated some symptoms. Since starting this one I&#039;ve seen much less facial hair, my skin is clearing up, I&#039;m losing weight, and I&#039;ve had my first cycle with no migraines which is a huge deal for me. I also have fibromyalgia and this medicine seems to be helping with that as well, perhaps its the vitamin aspect or my hormones finally balancing some. I was very hesitant at first and I&#039;m so glad I gave it a shot! Thank you Bayer!"
"It&#039;s been 3 months. Basically non stop spotting or bleeding.  Mirena and sex life do not get along.  Miserable. Considering removal."
"I was diagnosed with Bi-Polar disorder and through the years extreme anxiety came along with it. I did not care for all the other bipolar medications. Mixing Prozac and Klonopin to treat the bipolar helps dramatically. I didn&#039;t even realize Klonopin is used for bipolar until I was on this site, and now I know that this is the right medication for my symptoms."
"I started taking this medication 2 months ago, starting on 25mg but was too high as the side effects were bad for me so I started on 10mg slowly to 20mg and I think it has made a big difference. I am doing CBT too but the anxiety has decreased significantly. I suffer from intrusive thoughts and this helps it become more manageable and I feel that I&#039;m living again!"
"I started out with microgestin originally and when I moved I had to switch pharmacies. In doing this, they told me i had to take a different generic because they didn&#039;t carry the same brands as my old pharmacy. At first this was fine I was on one brand I can&#039;t remember and then gildess. These were fine until 3 months ago they switched me to blisovi. This drug is a nightmare. I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and a freshman in college. I went from 115 to 140. 140!!!!!! On someone my height it&#039;s very noticeable and embarrassing! Not only that but my acne is the worst it&#039;s ever been my whole life. Do not take this &quot;generic&quot;. Even if it&#039;s a milligram off your body reacts and this has really messed up my life. Praying Ill be able to work it off..."
"Excellent medication. After taking a week of standard ibuprofen to treat tendonitis on my foot, I turned to naproxen. Within 2 doses the pain has stopped completed.

A few months ago I&#039;d had some problems with my hip and similarly within 2 doses the pain settled completely."
"Great product. Works very quickly and keeps the heart burn away. A little expensive but its the best product I have found. I don&#039;t have heart burn constantly so its nice to have a product I can just take as needed"
"I&#039;m so happy to see that many people have had positive results from this medication.

I was on it for 5 days and had diarrhea so bad I had to stop.  I lost 5 pounds in 2 days (granted I&#039;d like to lose a few, but not like that).  I&#039;ve been off of it for 1 day now and I&#039;m still running to the bathroom (it&#039;s not as bad, but painful).

I wish I would have had the experience others have had. But this drug just isn&#039;t for me.  Unfortunately, it seems that most antidepressant cause a number of side effects for me.  Keeping me stable is a challenge.  (I have bi-polar disorder)"
"I jumped at the chance to participate in a &#039;hot flash&#039; study. The drug used was Pristiq. Since it was a blind study the researchers did not know if I got the drug or a placebo. However, I knew with the first dose. My hot flashes ended, my memory was extremely better and I slept all night long without waking every 2 hours. As far as I am concerned, Pristiq is a miracle drug for my menopause symptoms. I did try to go off of it so I could take some diet pills and lose weight a couple of years ago. It was not pretty! EVERYTHING irritated me. Just the fact that my husband breathed made me mad. I decided it was better to be fat and happy. So, back on it and very happy, no hot flashes, sleeping great and not forgetful. Life is GOOD. Thanks Pristiq"
"I have been using Viagra for 8 years and finally could not keep up with the cost ! Started out affordable now almost $30 per pill ! My doctor gave me a sample of Stendra and it is awesome ! No headache, immediate response (take it on empty stomach with a glass of water) and I get 3-4 erections and longer performance. My partner is loving this!"
"I have been on this pill for 4 months. Before this, I was on Lo Loestrin Fe for a month but it was making me bleed non stop. In the beginning, this pill was amazing. I had pretty much no side effects initially. But just this past month, I started spotting on the 3rd week of active pills. Then, I started breaking out in cystic acne all over my chin and cheeks. Then, I started getting moody and uncontrollably sad. THEN, when my period started, I was in extreme pain. Cramps that would not ease with any pain reliever or even a heating pad. It was so bad. Switching pills next month, couldn&#039;t be happier."
"I hardly ever get sick and I been working out of town and I started having sinus and breathing problems I went to a Walgreens and the pharmacist recommend this and told me about side effects and you need to drink alot and it does mess with your sleep but I don&#039;t feel tired either I&#039;d rather feel better and live with a couple days of minor side effects than to be miserable"
"I have been on lo loestrin for over three years and have loved it. Since being on it I haven&#039;t had a period. The only down side is that it&#039;s a pill. Being in college and having a crazy schedule makes it difficult to take every day so I&#039;m switching to a better long term solution for birth control. If I could remember to take it at the same time every day I&#039;d give this 10/10"
"Started contrave 2/4/16  I felt dizzy, tired,headaches, I can&#039;t concentrate,  I&#039;m hoping it goes away because I spent  200 $ insurance didn&#039;t cover it I&#039;m 44 weight 209 5 ft I need it to work to be healthier. ......."
"I was switched to Opana from OxyContin because even 150 mg of Oxy a day wasn&#039;t managing my pain anymore. Opana was said to work just as effectively at lower doses, with fewer of the miserable side effects of Oxy (constipation, drowsiness, etc.). I have found that to be the case in general; my daily dosage is more like 50-80 mg per day on this med and I can go to the bathroom again without using a suppository first. My pain control started out slightly better on this med, but since I&#039;m a fast metabolizer of opiates, I&#039;ve started developing a tolerance to this one, too, and the pain is bothering me again to the point where I can&#039;t function. My major complaints about this med is that it is very hard to find, and it is costly."
"I was given Celebrex for arthritis in my knee. After taking it for about two weeks I started to notice not only was my knee better and I was able to resume all of my normal activities with no pain but my foot that I had been suffering from planter fasciitis for two and a half years was finally not hurting. I had been through every treatment  and three different foot doctors with no relief at all. Celebrex is by far the best medicine I have taken it has given me back my life in more ways then one."
"I have low back pain and down my right leg from osteoporosis, arthritis and degenerative disc disease. For two years I have cried most of the night in severe pain. This medicine takes about 45 minutes to kick in and lasts about 3 hours at 5mg. The problem (I think) is that my doctor will not raise the dose, which I understand but only allows me to take it every 12 hours. After about 3-4 hours I&#039;m in severe pain again and just watch the clock and cry. The label on the bottle says every 4 hrs as needed but will not refill if I take more than 2 a day. "
"Didn&#039;t make me ovulate even once, and I have 3 children already I had without help, so I know I do eventually ovulate on my own. Clomid didn&#039;t help me. On a positive note I didn&#039;t get any bad side effects besides hot flashes."
"Went from twice daily Levemir to Tresiba. Controlled blood sugars equally well. Did like the convenience of once daily injections. HOWEVER, I gained 12 pounds over 4 months. Cannot attribute the weight gain to anything else (exact same diet, exercise, and labwork fine)."
"When I was 12 years old. I woke up at 2 in the morning to blindingly agonizing pain, bad enough that I found myself screaming at the top of my lungs. But when I tried to get out of bed I found my strength fail me and plummeted to the ground hitting my head on my night table. My parents found me and brought me to the hospital. 
I only found out years later when reading a list of side effects and overdose symptoms just how harmful this drug is. The word limit doesn&#039;t allow me to even scratch the surface. I will say that it has left serious physiological scars that decades later have still not healed.
I cannot deny that it did help me pay attention in class. But I would still advise any parent that loves their child to STAY CLEAR!"
"Update from my 3/5/17 post. 
So it has been one week since I started Contrave.  I have lost 9 lbs and I am very happy!  I am not craving sweets or junk food at all. My energy level is good although I haven&#039;t started any exercise yet, waiting until upper respiratory  infection is completely gone.( nothing to do with Contrave). 
Making sure to drink a lot of water everyday.  After day 4, had some constipation  issues but I just added some prunes to my oatmeal, and problem solved.  Definitely eating smaller amounts of good food because my mind is telling me I&#039;m done. I like that a lot!
Today I will begin taking 2. Hoping things remain the same, I&#039;m a little nervous reading the side effects that some others are having after increasing dose."
"I tried Tri-Sprintec as my first birth control. I had the heaviest and most painful periods I&#039;ve ever had. My period lasted longer than 7 days, heavy bleeding and horrible cramps. It didn&#039;t help my acne, at all. I didn&#039;t gain weight but it isn&#039;t something I would recommend to others."
"i had it inserted in February 15&#039;, now its September, no (.) after 2month.  and may i say after two months its been a rocky and unpleasant experience with this birth control. the fact that my period would now come ever 2 weeks stay for 3 weeks and its a cycle so it happens that way consecutive months My hair has fallen so much, no weight gain. the one time that really freaked me out is that i almost went past 3 weeks and my doctor had to get some medication that will regulate my hormones in order to stop my period. I also hate the fact when i make love with my husband the NEXT day im Bleeding again on my period i don&#039;t get it. i will be taking it out Very soon."
"No problems - at first had great sex drive, 4 day periods, no cramps, light. No headaches or mood changes like with other birth control pills. The pills are not expensive. Did have a lot of yeast infections every month on the time of my period. Stopped taking it because my sugar got high and blood pressure was high. If you are a diabetic or have high blood pressure you have to be monitored by your doctor. This pill was not for me but every body is different. "
"Whenever I am in pain, this is my go to medication. I have a back, shoulder, neck, and foot injury and by rights should be on this medicine for chronic pain. For right now I only take it very rarely so that it works when needed, to avoid a tolerance. Because I am not working I am able to deal with the pain, however when I go back to work, I will most likely have to go on this medication or a similar one full time. The only thing I do not like is the fact that many of these narcotic pain medications contain tylenol, asperin, or ibuprofin which makes your kidneys, liver and other organs go through unnecessary stresses. I prefer it to be just oxycodone and if I need the synergy of tylenol I can add it on my own."
"I took this for a month and a half to two months and I had severe dry mouth and was constantly tired or sleeping. It helped my depression a lot though."
"I have only been on Seroquel XR for about a week at 50mg. My doctor prescribed it as an adjunct to Remeron to treat anxiety, depression, paranoia, and insomnia. I also take gabapentin, atenolol, and Xanax. When the Seroquel XR works, it WORKS. I can feel it sedating me two hours after I take it. I&#039;ve been sleeping eight and nine hours a night, which has not happened in a very, very long time. It&#039;s effective at neutralizing both anxiety and depression. BUT... it doesn&#039;t last 24 hours for me; it only lasts about 15. Once it wears off my anxiety and depression return with a vengeance. Makes for a very rough 8 or 9 hours until I can take it again."
"I was addicted to Afrin big time back in the 60&#039;s and 70&#039;s, used privine and neosynephrine to get off the afrin within a few days.  But the first time it was drixoral that got me off the afrin, worked immediately and fast, in 6 days I had forgotten
all about Afrin and drixoral.

Here is the story, Drixoral is a combo of dexbrompheniramine antihistamine,
and pseudoephedrine decongestant.

pseudophedrine was replaced by phenylephrine which simply does not work.
because pseudoephedrine can be used to make speed.  But it is still available at all drug stores if you ask and sign for it.

dexbrompheniramine was removed from the market for reasons of safety.
It&#039;s not coming back, but most of the newer 2nd generation antihistamines should work fine."
"I thank God everyday for this medication. I have pain in both of my knees and my lower back and both feet has spurs. I am only 47 yrs old, without Oxycontin I would not have a good life. I thank the makers of the wonderful pill because I can enjoy my life without suffering with pain. "
"I was hospitalized on 5/1/12 and instantly went on Atripla. My CD4 count was only a 28! I was hospitalized because I had PCP pneumonia.  After being on Atripla for 2.5 months my CD4 soared to 770.  My HIV doctor told me that the results were unbelievable.  I take my pill at night before bed and experience no side effects.  Thankfully the state of Virginia gave Atripla to HIV patients if their CD4 count is below 500 and you don&#039;t have insurance."
"I was taking Micardis/hctz for about 8 years(HCTz is hydrochlorthiazide)  I began having abdomen pain, bloating and diarrhea.  I went to my PCP.  He did a bunch of blood tests and referred me to a GI specialist.  I had an EGD which is a scope of my stomach and a colonoscopy.  All tests were negative.  I continued to have these side effects.  After much searching on various websites I discovered that HCTZ should not be given to people with an allergy to penicillin.  I went to my PCP and asked to be taken off the combination drug and to take only telmisartin which is the other drug in Micardis.  Within 24 hours my symptoms were gone."
"I was 20 almost 21 when it was put in. Previously had NuvaRing for 5 years. they were out of numbing med, I said I still wanted to go through with it. It did hurt (no numbing meds). I felt the insertion which made me almost faint. Advice-eat something. I starved myself that day and it made things worse. I went home, didn&#039;t want to eat. Can&#039;t have a bath for a few days so shovered with hot water. Worst cramps. Ifor had some bad period cramps but I took pain meds and slept most of it off, been 10 months since, still best decision, no periods really spotting very rare for me.  Only paid for the test they have to run during insertion. Which was 40. Insurance covered the whole thing. Waited a week to have sex. Fine since, more sex drive"
"I have never had a great experience with birth control in the 10 or so years I&#039;ve been using it. I seem especially sensitive to hormones, though some affect me more severely than others. I love the ease of Nuvaring. I often forgot to take my pills and this completely solved that problem. I am on my third month of using Nuvaring, and here are the side effects that are causing me to consider not using it anymore: moodiness, agitation, strong food cravings, really painful gas, abdominal pain, irritation during sex, fatigue. It feels like month long PMS. I snap at people, eat Cheetos and fries several times a day (before Nuvaring I never ate chips or fast food), and have constant pain and pressure from gas. I can&#039;t take it anymore!"
"I&#039;ve been on Januvia for about 5 months after being on Metformin alone twice a day for 6 months. My average blood glucose before meal is in the 80s even though I am non compliant with my exercise schedule, I have to admit it. But I noticed mild knee pain, not sure if it is related to medicines. Other than that I&#039;m happy with Januvia."
"I started taking it 2 weeks ago through Medicenter weight loss clinic and I lost 9.6lbs the 1st week and 4.8 this week.  I have a lot of energy which is helping me to exercise again. I have never been someone who takes medication so this is very hard for me but the results are on the scale.  I am hoping to lose another 30lbs over the next 2 months and then get off the pills and head back to Weight Watchers for the last 15!"
"I havehad Nexplanon for about 6 months now. I didn&#039;t bleed at first. Then I went for a bit having 2 periods month and now I don&#039;t bleed at all. Other physical effects that have been harsher are a ridiculous appetite, acne, sweating (overall being hotter), skin darkening, and migraines. If these were my only cons. I recommend anyone to get it and manage because it is BULLETPROOF birth control. However, mentally I think its becoming unbearable. Anxiety &amp; panic attacks are severe, I&#039;m scattered, confused, even careless and way less functional as a single mom. I don&#039;t remember what it&#039;s like to feel horny nor desire a man. The pro of not getting pregnant is so impressive with my sex life I will just retry Prozac and hopefully be more stable mentally"
"I have been taking Pristiq for 3 weeks now. First week, a mild headache, and insomnia, but after reading forums I would take it early in morning, and sleep improved. This is the first antidepressant I have taken. I felt wonderful, and thought wow this is what I have been missing! Things that bothered me before, became insignificant. Week 2 much of the same. Week 3 I feel tired and slightly flat, much the same as I did before.  I had an anxious moment but distracted myself and it passed. First time I actively felt anxious. I will continue to see how it goes. Having feel the amazing, stable, elevated mood in the begining makes me consider riding it out."
"I was having seizures off and on for almost 4 yrs. Diagnosing this was difficult because I could never had a witness or could describe the symptoms. I was averaging 1 per month then I got worse. I had 4 in two weeks but all of them had witnesses. I called my doctor and he ran heart tests and an MRI on my head. That&#039;s when he said I had Partial Epilepsy and gave me the Trileptal. I&#039;ve been taking it for 6 weeks and haven&#039;t had any problems since then. I like this pill very much and the best part is its only $4 a month."
"I have been on Celexa for about two weeks and can already feel a positive effect. I have not had any side effects and don&#039;t think I will. I am keeping my fingers crossed that the medication continues to work."
"The first meds prescribed to me (NZ) male 19, Stopped taking this immediately, experience almost all the side effects and it is not worth it for me as the body seems to hate it. May be worth a shot for you but I&#039;m not taking this rubbish for 4 weeks to get any benefit for ADHD symptoms not worth all these side effects IMO. Plus I was told I can&#039;t stop it once I build it up in my system. No thanks feels like poison in me"
"Great for asthma."
"I started taking Toprol XL 100mg one week ago.  My Blood Pressure and pulse are much better.  125/75 and 75 pulse compared to 160/100 and 100 pulse.  The only problem I am noticing is my sleep.  I am not sleeping sound.  I toss and turn all night.  Something I guess I will get use to.  Other than that it is keeping me calmer, my heart is not racing nor is my head pounding. I have had HBP for 12 years and tried many kinds of medications.  I am hoping the new cardiologist is on the right track!"
"Before getting on this, I was experiencing severe acne after having tried a new skincare system &amp; foundation. I didn&#039;t even know I was capable of having skin that bad. I was so embarrassed. I had never been on birth control before (I&#039;m 21), but I was desperate. I had my doctor prescribe this to me. I would say for the first month or so, my acne got worse - especially around my chin area. I also had terrible mood swings and depression in the beginning, but I kept going and my skin started to get clearer. Then, right before starting my 5th pack, I broke out again. But it was like all the acne that had been underneath my skin came up and then disappeared. Now on month 6, I&#039;m pretty much clear besides hyperpigmentation. Be patient!!!"
"I&#039;m actually on Laila 35 which is the generic version and it has taken some time for my skin to get where it is but I had horrible cystic acne on my jawline and then just general acne on my face, chest and back. The pill has absolutely cleared my skin to the point where I can go out and not feel like I need makeup. Maybe once I have my scars treated, I might not even need makeup for school. I get heaps of compliments on how much better my skin is and looks, let alone how GOOD I feel. Unless you have acne you wouldn&#039;t understand that its not just something on you face that goes away when you use a cleanser, it&#039;s a mental thing. Take this and don&#039;t expect instant results."
"Let&#039;s just say I will never take this again. My mouth and face got locked in one position and would not move. Had to go to the emergency room and take 3 different shots to get relief."
"I am on a regimen program of Valtrex and I take 4 tablets on the onset of fever blister of the lips then 4 tablets 12 hours later.  Then, My Doctor prescribed 1 Valtrex daily forever.  It&#039;s well worth it.  I have not had any break outs since my Doctor put me on this prevention program.  I highly recommend Valtrex and am well satisfied with the results.  "
"I started take this at 30mg a week ago. I have been on so many different medicines none of them work but after only a couple of days I was feeling much better. I drove my car for an hour last night for the first time. 2 years ago I got electrocuted on 440 and I started getting the worse panic attacks. I could not get out of bed most days. I have been on every medicine they make for this. None of them worked but in a week on Cymbalta I feel like I&#039;m almost my old self again. I just turned 25 and I have a 2year old son. So thank you Cymbalta. The only side effect is I can not sleep at all. Maybe an hour here or there but I have not been tired."
"I&#039;ve tried Flexeril twice in my life, once at least 6 years ago, and  the last time was in December. I&#039;d been on Carisoprodol  (generic Soma) long term (about 20 years with only about a 9 month break). December 2016 my Pain Management do and practice decided to completely stop writing Carisoprodol/Soma prescriptions for all patients. The excuse was that studies have determined that Carisoprodol/Soma only work to relieve musculoskeletal pain for up to 21 days and then have zero effect on pain. After I picked up my Flexeril, I found out that it is not recommended for long term use either, as a matter of fact, it&#039;s recommended to not be used for more than 14 days before it becomes inneffective.  But Flexeril didn&#039;t even touch me."
"Imagine being pregnant and on your period at the same time -- without bleeding -- for months. That&#039;s what this pill is like. Countless pregnancy tests bought -- because surely all of this bloating, cramping, weight gain, fatigue, EXTREMELY sore and swollen boobs means I&#039;m pregnant! Except no. This is just life now, courtesy of Camila. I ignored the negative reviews. I gave it 6 months. It&#039;s awful. And less effective than combo pills. Needless to say, I&#039;m stopping immediately."
"About a year after having my daughter my lower back and hips started hurting so bad (mostly from carrying her around) that I couldn&#039;t sleep.  Advil worked great! One pill and I slept all night."
"Had to take a higher dosage for a few day&#039;s before it started working.  It is working great now.  Really easy to take."
"This med is amazing. 23 year old christian college grad with every type of anxiety for the past 2 years. Could barely go to class or the grocery store, felt dissociated, distant and terrified of people (including friends). Was scared to try any drug but after losing my job and needing to go out and interview I decided to try something. 3 days in and I feel totally changed. No anxiety. Clear head. Feel like I could even move countries to work and I&#039;ve been out more in a weekend than I have been in 3 months combined. I take 5mg and 25mg of hydroxyzine to balance out the side effects (blurry vision, headaches, muscle spasms etc). Don&#039;t be scared just try it. I regret not going on this sooner."
"This medicine absolutely almost ruined my life, to the point I was going to lose EVERYTHING.  It made me nauseous,  tired,  loss of sex drive , made me want to drink 24/7 all because I DIDN&#039;T CARE ANYMORE!  I lost 2 jobs, because I had no desire to function basically.  I have been off it for 2 weeks now now and the side effects from coming off this medication is not bad at all.  I feel happy again,  a little anxiety but omg I&#039;ll deal with it the natural way. ...exercise or just enjoy my family again.  "
"Loestrin is VERY effective as a contraceptive. However, I am on the pill because of irregular and painful periods. The pill is good but what bothers me is that my monthly cycle, though tolerable, is COMPLETELY UNPREDICTABLE. The first few months i had a period, short and light. Then my period disappeared, and I thought i was pregnant. My doctor told me this is normal with this pill. After two or three months of no period it came back preceded by cramping and severe nausea -- I thought I was pregnant AGAIN! The number of days between periods is not consistent. This cycle I was exhausted, nauseous and moody a week and a half before the  bleeding began. Now I am having nausea though physical symptoms usually disappear a day or two of bleeding."
"I started taking this a week ago because I was always so Moody and irritable. I lost happieneds in the simple things that us to make me smile. Since I&#039;ve been taking this I feel in such a lighter mood. No side effects except the gotst couple days taking this I had headaches. But so far so good I hope it helps to the full effects here in a couple moor weeks."
"Protopic has been awesome for my face and hands.  My dermatitis started in my teens and left me with weepy/bleeding scales on my knuckles, upper lip, nose, eyebrows and eyelids.  Protopic wasn&#039;t around and used Westcort cream, along with many stronger topical steroids.  Flash forward to today.  My skin is extremely thin all over my face, but thankfully no cataracts (applied steroids everywhere).  Is Protopic a miracle drug?  No, but it&#039;s the only thing available to stop my AD on the face.  First application causes stinging/burning/HOT sensation.  After you get past that first day, my symptoms go away.  I continue applying until the skin has healed.  Then, I stop it.  When the eczema starts coming back, I start applying it again."
"Unless you want to feel like a million little monsters found their way inside of your vagina I would not recommend this product. It&#039;s my first yeast infection and it seemed pretty mild but I figured I should use a quick fix at least and found monistat 3 day...BIGGEST REGRET EVER!!!! Washed it out and it still itches and burns. This better help in the long run."
"Axiron is AWESOME. I am 47 and had similar experiences as most everyone else; constant fatigue, no energy or interest in anything, sex drive non-existent, after 8 hrs of sleep I felt like I needed 8 more and just generally felt like death most of the time.  My T level was 135 when I saw my Urologist, after about 3 months of biweekly injections, I was up to 344. Then the Axiron was recommended. After the first application I felt turbo-charged!  It took me about 2 days to get over the initial side effects, which were nausea and a headache, but after about 3 days these went away.  I&#039;ve been on it about 3 weeks now and I feel 19 again.  Full of energy, sex drive through the roof, I just hope it keeps up. T levels at 701 now."
"Its my first time using any sort of drug for anxiety. The doctor gave me a 10mg sized Atarax and it only made me feel sleepy. I still felt nervous and anxious over my work and these feelings didn&#039;t go away. Maybe I should be taking 25mg like the others here. Either way this 10mg capsules are suppose to last me until I go for my appointment with a professional pychiatrist."
"I&#039;m 31 years old. Had mild acne for years. Tried many OTC kits and prescription topicals. Nautropathic to Allopathic. I am a very healthy vegetarian, eat whole foods diet. Nothing helped.  Most breakouts were under my chin or around my jaw. I was against the idea of taking a BCP for acne.  I hated the idea of putting something artificial into my body.  I am so happy that I gave in.  My face was totally clear within 2 weeks.  No negative side effects. have finished 2 packs.  Mild nausea and headaches the first week."
"Well, I see a lot of people saying they get nauseous in the first few days of starting birth control. That&#039;s normal. But every time I start a pack or miss by a few hours I&#039;m awful nauseous. I&#039;ve not got pregnant. So that&#039;s good. Ever since I started this pill I&#039;ve had ovary/ vagina pains. But I&#039;m not sure if it is a ovarian cyst or it&#039;s something different or if it just happened not related to the pill. I&#039;ve got bad anxiety now &amp; cry a lot. I was never like this before. But now I am. This isn&#039;t a bad pill though. Works differently for everyone. Plus sides is I used to have cramps to where I would like cry. It would hurt so bad. Now I have about none. And period is lighter."
"I have been taking Lamictal for 4 years now it has helped me to manage my symptoms even though I have had to have a few adjustments to the medicines recently. With the increase so far I haven&#039;t had any episodes."
"I  gave it a 5 out of 10 based just on my experience. For two months- it worked beautifully! I felt so much better. Then I ended up with severe dizziness, increased thirst and urination, diarrhea, weakness, aches and pains. Also muscle spasms around the eyes and I believe higher blood pressure though I  can&#039;t corroborate exactly. All symptoms have gone away since quitting. The one that&#039;s lingered the longest has been the increased thirst and urination. Apparently- this medication can raise blood glucose levels in blood and urine triggering diabetes. Fortunately, its been a little over a week since I stopped medication and those symptoms are getting better now too. (one day I counted-- I had to go to the bathroom 13 x&#039;s in a 12 hour period)"
"I just finished with my 5th injection in my left knee, can not walk today. Pain after injection was like having a scope done and walking on it immediately after.  Hoping to find some relief soon. Not looking good.."
"This med has worked a lot better than the 10mg Percocet 4 x daily that I was on before. I take 10mg Percocet cut in half twice daily with the Embeda, it helps while the med has a slow uptake.   

The first week or so, I was a little bit dizzy and tired.  That went away and I have no complaints. The meds work.  The Narcan in the pills doesn&#039;t bother me or effect the way the meds work for me. 

I have had bad back problems for 25 years.  My S Spine and my L Spine are separated on the right side 4mm and the L spine is pushed forward 2mm.  I have had chronic pain half of my life due to this injury. This medicine really helps."
"I had this inserted in the beginning of June 2015 . The first 2 weeks I loved it I lost 10 pounds and my acne started to clear up. Then everything went down hill. I&#039;ve had maybe a week and a half collectively that I haven&#039;t had a period, other than that I&#039;ve had a heavy period or heavy spotting for about 4 months. Acne came back and oily skin and hair. The last period I had lasted 29 days and I was basically hemorrhaging according to my gyno (I had bad periods prior to nexplanon so heavy bleeding wasn&#039;t odd for me) It&#039;s a &quot;good form of bc&quot; only because its worry free but I&#039;m getting it taken out 9/24/15 and finding another form of birth control. Everyone is different, try it for yourself, but its not for me."
"Works better than Oxycontin and oxycodone. I&#039;m far from pain free but it does help. Worst side effects of the medicines are the sweat freezes."
"Hello! 
I want to tell others that being on Paxil 10 mg. for a few months now has helped me to center myself once again.

My life is filled with other people&#039;s issues, depression, anger, and discord in their own lives that have depressed me.
Situational depression is, in my life, a constant.
I just do not have happy people around me and the doctor tells me they are making me &quot;sick&quot;.

My doctor saw me with high anxiety and worry that was causing me to retreat from daily life.
His advice was to try Paxil to give me some relief!
Now, how to get the others around me to get therapy and help..."
"I&#039;ve been taking Velivet for about a year now because I started to have periods that lasted all month which resulted in anemia. My only complaint is that the cramps are quite bad, but it&#039;s done its job for me, so I can&#039;t complain!"
"I was out of options. Blowing my nose every five minutes and not being able to breathe. I tried saline spray but 2 minutes after it was to do all over again. I went to the pharmacy and asked what could I do because I was tired of not sleeping and not breathing and I was loosing my patience when it came to eating because I got so irritated of losing my breath. She said use drixoral and instantly!! It worked! I highly recommend it"
"Causes less nausea, in comparison to Norco 10. Oxy 10s are obviously going to do the trick better but also without the nausea. Overall, for moderate pain in most normal situations, this is the way to go (especially if your stomach is touchy)."
"I have arthritis is both knees from years of athletics, in my youth. I have moderate to severe pain after long standing, use or cold. The Flector Patch on my knees are perfect. I use them as needed and I experience 90% relief without having to take any oral medicines. I am a FAN!"
"Been manic psyhotic and on since life since 2009. 

Doc gave me 0.5 3x as needed. 

I think I will need only one a day. I take one after breakfast.

It&#039;s been a while since I&#039;ve felt this normal."
"Let me start off by saying - this drug works.  For most, if not all of middle/high school, I had very bad acne that was resistant to doxycycline, minocycline, proactiv, Murad, benzoyl peroxide, salycilic acid, and all the wipes I could get my hands on.  You more than likely will be free from acne at least for a few years after treatment, and it&#039;s absolutely wonderful!  Being able to walk around without having to check mirrors for a new red/white bump on your face is as great as you think it will is.  Unfortunately all this comes at a cost, which is why they&#039;re so serious and cautious when giving it to you.  They still don&#039;t know exactly how it works - only that it&#039;s permanent.  It doesn&#039;t just affect your acne it affects your entire body."
"What a success Pristiq was after being on Effexor which took away my sex drive completely.  Now I have my sex drive back.  

And I take a large dose of Trazodone to treat fribromyalgia which causes a severe sugar addiction.  I mean most of my calories were from sugar, until the Pristiq which eliminated the addiction.  Now I just enjoy sugar, but not the super addiction.  

And the Pristiq has treated my depression which was terrible after going onto Savella (after the Effexor). "
"Switched to this pill as my other pill was no longer available. No real side effects as far as I can tell (knock wood), but just took the last one this morning and no bleeding at all. As per these testimonials - thank you, ladies! - that is normal, but I&#039;m not cool with that, it freaks me out a bit. Will talk to my OBGYN next week about not getting any bleeding at all, but as I can tell of no other side effects will stay on it for now. Thanks again, ladies, for sharing; it clearly depends on each individual body."
"I feel great and it has been only 3 days.  I have battled with Major Depressive Disorder and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder starting treatment in 2006.  When I came back to States I was in 4 hospitals for months treated by the best on 7-10 different medications at different times. I had ECT etc.  For me all the medications did not do a thing for me but get suicidal thoughts and gained 60 pounds.  One antidepressant medicine I was on for a few years was Lexapro. I was in Aruba and wanted to die.  Through much thought and discussion, I weaned off of all the antidepressants.  After 8 years just last week a Doctor said I never have been on Wellbutrin and put me on it.  I have for the last few months been really down and out.   Immediately I feel better.  Took only 8 years. And wasted time in Hospital &amp; ECT."
"When I run out of these patches the pain hits me really quick so I try to remember and call my doctor so that I don&#039;t run out again."
"First colonoscopy at age 56. Doctor had explained during consult I would be given propofol to induce anesthesia. I found it hilarious that just before I was induced by the anesthesiologist, they were playing Michael Jacksons &quot;You wanna be trying something&quot; over the PA in the ceiling (Michael Jackson died from propofol). Anyway, anesthesiologist pumped in the propofol and in under 10 secs I was gone. I felt the drug acting on my brain just before I went under and said &quot; here it comes&quot;, and then I was totally out. Woke up in recovery instantly fully awake but felt just slightly fuzzy. Was unsteady on my feet for about 5 mins. That&#039;s it. No bad side effects. The prep was not bad at all. Colonoscopy is NO BIG DEAL at all."
"Not worth the risk! The fungus is definitely clearing up, but I&#039;ve lost my taste so I&#039;m losing weight (the wrong way) because everything I eat or drink is nasty tasting. I get hungry, but eat a few bites and it tastes like mush. I lose my appetite and stop eating. My skin is itchy, and I have a thick, coated tongue that&#039;s sensitive and achy with a constant feeling of something stuck in the back of my throat. Now I read that my taste buds may not ever wake up again! That&#039;s going to seriously lower my quality of life! If I&#039;d known these side effects before taking Lamisil, I wouldn&#039;t have taken the risk! Using a topical twice a day of tea tree oil, Vick&#039;s Vapo Rub, or FungiNail for the rest of my life would be worth it to have my taste back!"
"Started taking this when I found out I inherited my Dad&#039;s crazy cholesterol issues.  I was only mildly overweight at 5&#039;7&quot; and 170lbs.  In the past 6 months I&#039;ve dropped down to 140lbs without changing anything.  Stayed on the lowest dose.  Only side effect is tingling in hands now and then.  Cholesterol issues are now gone and I get non stop questions about this medication.  I can&#039;t say anything bad about it.  If you don&#039;t have a secondary condition where you insurance will help pay for it, it is quite pricey however."
"Works extremely well, will continue to use."
"Didn&#039;t work"
"This is the WORST birth control. Ever. Granted I don&#039;t get a period. My breasts are so sore I don&#039;t even know what to do. I&#039;m a stomach sleeper and that is not an option with this. It&#039;s unreal. I will be back to my loestrin and never even looking at this stuff again."
"This by far was the worst experience of my entire life... The pain was immediate after inserting the medication, it burns and itches like HELL!! Within 5 minutes after use I was crying in pain, and after 10 minutes I was in the shower trying to wash it out. Now I&#039;m stuck here with an ice pack on my vagina and even more pain than I was in. DO NOT USE THIS! I wish I had read the reviews before I used this instead of just taking someone&#039;s word for it, I&#039;ll never make that mistake again!"
"Some slight tingling at application around the nose, otherwise excellent results at almost eliminating breakouts. Now I only get 1 or 2 sores when I am under very extreme stress."
"I have had 3 Kidney Transplants and I&#039;ve been on Cellcept 2 different times. The last time I was on Cellcept, for 7 years it worked well until I developed Cellcept Colitis. I was extremely sick and found myself in the hospital. The doctors discontinued Cellcept and now I am on Imuran."
"FOLKS, NOT NEARLY AS BAD AS MANY SAY IT IS. Yes, I had to shout that first sentence.  With trepidation, after reading many of the reviews on here that claimed the Suprep was the most foul liquid they had ever consumed, I mixed the 6 oz. liquid with 10 oz. of cold tap water. I tentatively sipped it and, upon learning that it tasted like weak, slightly salty grape Koolaid, I was able to down the substance in two 8 oz, measures. Either I have a stronger tolerance than many here, or they just exaggerate a wee bit, it just wasn&#039;t bad at all. I think the worst part was trying to drink the following quart of water in the next hour.I had a bloated, waterlogged feeling in my gut, but other than that it was a walk in the park. Got cleaned out quickly."
"1I was on anafranil many years ago.  Took it for 5 years.  Unfortunately, after 5 years, it stopped working for me.  But, it is a wonder medication.  Give it a try.  More than likely, it will work for you.  If not, give fluvoxamine a try.  It is another really good one.  Otnly side effect was dry mouth.  Small price to pay for the wonder effects I got from anafranil.  Give it a try. When I took it, there was no co-pay.  Nowadays, there probably will be a co-pay, but probably not a bad one."
"I suffer from generalized anxiety and frequent panic attacks. Been on the medication for a week now. First 6 days 5 mg, now its been upped to 10 mg. Definitely has taken the edge off, but I&#039;m in a daze/dream like state. Gonna stick it out and give it a few more weeks. Better and more stabilized mood.

Also, side effect of bad stomach pains and bathroom issues. Hoping thats also resolved soon."
"Absolutely made me in agony in my joints,  I have osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis and osteoporosis and fybromylia and after taking trazodone I couldn&#039;t walk or lift my arms and was screaming out in pain"
"I&#039;ve had Frozen Shoulder for 8 months.  If you aren&#039;t familiar with frozen shoulder, it is not only inconvenient because of the inability to move your arm, it is terribly painful.  It takes usually about 12 to 24 months to get over it, and I&#039;ve been on Vicodin, Tramodol, Advil and other pain killers for this, while doing physical therapy.  I also have a topical prescription compound for my pain.  I was at my wit&#039;s end when my doctor came up with the idea of Cymbalta.  It seems to have been a great idea.  I have a little dry mouth, but I am about 80 percent pain free.  I still can&#039;t &#039;Move&#039; my arm, but with physical therapy, that will come in time.  It used to hurt (REALLY HURT) 24/7!"
"Hi,
I stopped drinking and started the Saxenda 90 days ago.  I have lost 25lbs and I feel great.  Initially I had zero appetite, it has come back slightly and I find that I am not interested in full meals at all. 

This has been an amazing journey.  I am within 15lbs of my goal weight!

YEAH!!"
"After years of increasing my dosage of Xanax to a dangerous level of treatment, I&#039;ve finally found a benzodiazepine that works the same every time. It has worked this way for over a year and a half. I am taking 2mg as needed. Taking it on an empty stomach is crucial for full effects."
"Stopped periods as expected great news no more heavy bleeding stopped chronic pain that dropped me to my knees when standing or moving 
Downsides are memory loss, chronic fatigue, bone pain, loss of hair, sore breasts 
I&#039;m on zoladex 3.6 once a month with HRT injection number 4 
Overall I&#039;m in less pain but still struggling with every day tasks and to carry on working as a normal healthy 36 year old woman should be able to roll on coming off this drug and having my hysterectomy"
"This medicine has helped my migraines significantly. I had been having 4-5 migraine attacks per week and now am down to 1 or 2 every few weeks. Some weeks I don&#039;t have any. A huge relief. I had migraines for years. Missed work, severe pain and this medicine is a huge relief. I do feel tired and sluggish and may be related to this medicine but I don&#039;t know for sure. I will take that side effect over the pain of a migraine any day."
"I&#039;ve been taking 8mcg Amitiza twice a day, for two months, to treat Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Finally! A Dr. who actually listened to me and provided a solution instead of blaming me for the GI/bowel problems. (i.e., &quot;You need more fiber,&quot; &quot;It&#039;s your nerves,&quot; or &quot;It&#039;s caused by the NSAIDS you take.&quot;). Almost 40 years of daily chronic painful bloating, constipation &amp; pain under my left ribcage is almost gone, (I&#039;m 50.) 
It did take a few weeks to adjust to it. By that, I mean: 1.) Discovering that taking Fiber Supplements with the prescription caused painful gas/bloating, 2.) Determining exactly how much food/drink to ingest with each dose, to avoid gas/bloating or a headache &amp; 3.) Remembering to take it with a meal. 
I&#039;d give it a 10 if there was 0 bloating and no headaches."
"I have smoked since I was 12 yrs old. Started smoking daily at age 15. I am now 51. Quit a few times for 3 or 4 months but always went back to it. On day 2 with Zyban and still smoking but looking forward to finally quitting. First day I took one in morning. Felt a bit funny but also was getting pains in chest n arm. Not sure if this was just a panic attack or what but going to keep going. If it gets worse I will have to stop taking zyban. But I&#039;m keeping my fingers crossed that it was nothing more than a panic attack."
"I suffer Acquired Angioedema. Ir&#039;s excellent to diminish angioedema episodes, rated at 250 mg.-daily. No side effects."
"I have been on Implanon for a few months now and I have had good and bad things happen. I have lost weight but I have had 3 periods and this recent one was the worst. I was sick, light-headed and dizzy. Then I had continued abdominal pain and pelvic pain, almost like labor pains. I enjoy the Implanon but I can do without the pain."
"I got Mirena about 9 months ago, and am so pleased with it. I am 23 years old and have never had children. The doctor told me this might make insertion more painful, but he decided to try something. He gave me a pill normally used for people with stomach ulcers (sorry, I can&#039;t remember the  name of the drug), which had the side effect of softening the cervix. The insertion was not bad at all. It hurt, yes, but not as badly as I&#039;ve heard from other women who got an IUD before having children. Now, my period is much lighter, my sex life is even better than before because I don&#039;t feel worried about pregnancy. Also, it was cost effective. I have health insurance and so it cost about the same amount as 3 months Ortho Tri-cyclen and it&#039;s good for 5 years."
"My Anxiety symptoms before Lexapro
I was always paranoid of people judging me and just wasn&#039;t myself because I always felt panicked.  I would socially isolate myself from friends and family, which then drove me into depression.  My anxiety inhibited myself from learning and grasping new knowledge because I was too anxious to even learn.  Even doing the smallest tasks (paying bills) would cause an overwhelming amount of anxiety.

Now (after 4 weeks on 10 mg)
- I&#039;m mellow, feel confident. Someone I just met pegged me as an intellect! God knows how long anxiety has made me doubt my intelligence.  I&#039;m able to do tasks easier, which has reduced my procrastination.  It hasn&#039;t completely reduced my depression, but Im thinking of trying 20 mg."
"Takes the edge off. Wondered if thinning hair was because of stress or a side effect. Has definitely saved me from having a meltdown though, even though I am on the lowest dosage."
"In the beginning I had some diarrhea and belly issues...that subsided after a few days. I only have one reaction to it now and that is I get an itchy hive at the injection site about 12 hours after I use it. It goes away within a few hours, I&#039;m not worried. It has lowered my HA1C&#039;s like a charm. I LOVE this injection, I feel fuller longer, I no longer crave sugar, I&#039;ve lost 25 pounds without really trying and I have no side effects at all. One tip...to ease the burn of the shot I put it in a cup of warm water so it comes up past room temperature. Also I use the coupon on the website to pay for it."
"I can&#039;t recommend this pill. It&#039;s only been two days and my IQ has gone way down, I promise it wasn&#039;t always this way... Anyway, within two days of taking this pill my mind became incredibly forgetful, I forgot my own phone number, and it took me 5 minutes to be able to recall it again. I made multiple big mistakes at work, mistakes that I&#039;ve never made in my whole 2 years there. I was mortified, but thankfully my boss was really nice about it.

Also, I gave a girlfriend a ride home and she told me I was driving awfully and it kind of scared her. Normally I&#039;m a very cautious driver, and she told me that she&#039;d never felt that way before with my driving.

I can&#039;t continue taking this pill because it destroys my good work performance."
"I have had an imbalance of yeast for years. I am 32, it started in my mid 20&#039;s where I really noticed the vaginal teeter totter. I was prescribed amoxicillin (10 days) for a bacterial infection of tonsils. I woke up with a swollen, dry vagina 5 days later. I took a diflucan and then bought a generic 7 day YI treatment. I felt no recovery until day 6 but still felt sensations and itching. The vaginal area was a little less swollen but still inflamed. No more yeast or texture but still had inner vaginal swelling. I am on night 7 and hoping it goes away because it still hasn&#039;t. This antibiotic mucked up my system. Seeing a homeopathic doctor in two weeks to rebalance my body before baby making. UGH."
"I was diagnosed with Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia CML in June of 2010.  I have been on Gleevec for about a year and a half now as Tasigna did not work for me.  I have had various side effects like others (i.e. swelling in the face, diarrhea, body sores, and muscle aches).  Thank heaven I did not lose my hair. The worst is the sores in my mouth that I cannot get rid of and the doctors do not find anything to give me any relief!  If I had to pay for the medicines myself I could not do it but with my wonderful insurance I am able to take the medicines and live a good life.  Otherwise I do not know where I would be without it.  I just got married in August 2012 to my soul mate and this medication give me a new lease on life!"
"I used to get gout in the past. Mainly in my big toe, occasionally severe - meaning I could not sleep, or walk. Basically - when it was at its worse - it was a living hell. I was prescribed a preventative (probenecid?), along with pain meds. Then I was given Colchicine. The way I was prescribed it was  unusual - I was told to take a pill every hour until I became sick!  Well, about 6 hours and six pills later - I slowly became ill, had the runs, was throwing up - felt like I had the flu. But, after all that nastiness passed, amazingly the pain in my toe was gone! It seemed to have been flushed from my system. My toe was still red and itchy, but the pain was gone. It was amazing! Ultimately, the side-effects were surely worth the relief!"
"Took for 10 days for H. Pylori along with two other medications. Left a slightly odd taste in my mouth and made me a little drowsy. No other significant side effects, and cured me of this nasty bug."
"Starting my third month on this medication to control my eating habits in order to lose weight. I started at 183 lbs.  I weighed in this morning at 180.6 lbs. The bupropion part has helped my mood and attitude, but I see no change in inappropriate eating or cravings/desire for pizza, ice cream, etc. I pay $90 plus tax a month."
"Did NOTHING for my broken ankle concerning pain."
"I was on Orsythia for about a year. It did its job in that I did not get pregnant, but I had to quit taking it because of the awful side effects. Weight gain was minimal but definitely occurred. After about 6 months my acne became worse than it has ever been, but even that wasn&#039;t the worst of it. Orsythia brought my anxiety to an all-time high, and I was experiencing awful mood swings. All of these symptoms practically disappeared within 2 months after quitting it. I did not have anxiety before taking Orsythia, and now even though it has been almost a year since I quit (haven&#039;t taken another birth control since) I still have bouts of anxiety from time to time. I believe my anxiety was triggered by this birth control."
"After over 4 months of post nasal drip, causing coughing, just two 10 mg pills have caused about a 60% decrease in those symptoms.  Expensive even with insurance but well worth it to this user."
"I got Mirena 6 weeks after my second child was born in hopes for easy birth control. Insertion was painful, but nothing a little Ibuprofen wouldn&#039;t handle. I bled very light for 6 weeks straight after insertion. Finally my period came regularly it was extremely light but lasted at least 3 days longer than normal (7+days). That was nothing compared to the pain the IUD caused me 24-7, my husband felt it, even 9 months into having it he moved it causing extreme nausea, dizziness, back pain for 2 weeks until it moved back to place. Then lets add the severe PMS symptoms to the mixture, I was miserable. Had it removed 17 months after insertion and would not recommend to anyone. The pain and side effects out weight the benefits."
"I originally started this on January 8, 2016 at a weight of 223 lbs. and ended it sometime around August 2016. I started with 15mg and increased to 30mg then decreased to come off of it. I lost over 60 pounds during that time and then lost a little more after coming off of the medication. I maintained my weight with a 5 lb fluctuation. Just recently (Feb. 2017) I was put back on the medication to help me drop weight before possible surgery. I was instantly put on 30mg. I started at 160 lbs and as of today I&#039;m at 145 lbs. The goal is to be at 130-135 lbs. 

I haven&#039;t had any bad side affects other than random bursts of energy, dry mouth, the nasty taste in my mouth, And the lack of bowel movements."
"I imagine death to be just like this. I had been taking medicine for an inner ear infection which had me constipated for 5 days and I was experiencing pain from the constipation. I didn&#039;t realize there was different kinds of laxatives, which is on me for sure! I took 2 pills at 7:30am because that&#039;s when I got off work and didn&#039;t have work til 4pm that day. They kicked in about 1030am and I was on and off the toilet until I had work. Sweating, burning and watery diarrhea, with cramps 81702037x worse than period cramps. I was okay for a little bit and then at 9pm the pain came back with a vengeance. Still going... cramping, hot and cold &amp; pooping. I started crying I&#039;m in so much pain. NEVER again. I&#039;d rather be constipated!!"
"I&#039;m 64 and had hep c for 40 years. Don&#039;t drink, smoke pot, take sleep medication, have a weak stomach, occasional headaches and psoriasis. Started treatment in September. Experienced NO side effects what so ever. Bonus, the psoriasis on my knees and elbows 95% gone. Was also taking Ribaverin. They don&#039;t want you to smoke pot because it is so important that you take meds on time. I&#039;m cured from hep c. Hope this helps."
"I used to gamble a lot. After Chantix, I have no urge to gamble. Thanks."
"Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo is probably the best pill I&#039;ve ever been on and I&#039;ve tried 7 different pills in the last 4 years! I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 months so far and I&#039;ve noticed that I grew up cup size, my skin has cleared up, and thankfully no weight gain or pregnancies. The only downsides are that it&#039;s expensive, period cramps are a little more intense, and my sex drive has decreased a tiny bit. Other than that, this pill is great and I definitely recommend it."
"After Aristospan injections to both knees for a osteoarthritis flare up, I had almost complete pain relief for at least 6 months. Far better than other steroidal injections. 40 mgs/ knee. No discernable side effects."
"I started taking Cialis 5mg for BPH about 18 months ago.  I had been taking all the other FDA approved drugs (alpha blockers) like Avodart and various others.  They did not help at all.  My Doctor suggested I try Cialis 5mg to help shrink my enlarged prostate.  Within a few weeks the number of night time urinations dropped by about 30%.  After a year, I was only getting up once a night.  By 18 months I was sleeping all night.  The daytime urination urges also dropped by the same amounts.  I had few, if any, bad side effects. It did produce very firm errections!  My doctor has stated that my prostate is in great condition and is normal in size. For the record, I am a fit 66 years old and now sleep all night!"
"The only thing good about this product is that you don&#039;t have to remember to take it... You only have to remember the day you put it in... lol, which I forgot the first two months. I&#039;ve been on the ring for 4 months and I HATE IT. I have never had acne in my life, and I now have severe acne along my jawline and hairline, and chest. It gets pushed out of my vagina daily, I don&#039;t think I&#039;m able to push it up far enough. I&#039;ve never had sex with it in, I always take it out, and it burns really bad during intercourse. I&#039;ve hardly had sex since I&#039;ve been on it because I have no sex drive. I&#039;m disgusted by the thought of sex, and my vagina is painfully sensitive to the touch. I&#039;m also really moody.... This birth control is terrible."
"My only regret is not taking this sooner in life. I suffered with anxiety as well as PMDD that disrupted my life and marriage frequently.
I had tried Cipralex previously but was scared off because I started at full dosage. Upon the guidance of my pharmacist I started 5mg for two weeks and then went up to 10. 
Side effects were minor and went away after a month or so.
I still have some difficulty climaxing and may start taking Wellbutrin as well to negate this. 
Otherwise I am a happy, carefree confident person. I&#039;m social, I have no more social anxiety and very little anxiety in general. I am calm and don&#039;t sweat the small things. I hope this continues to work for me."
"I was having daily morning migraines and my doctor prescribed Elavil 10mg to take at night as a preventative medication. It worked right away and I love it since it helps me sleep too. I am very happy with what Elavil has done for me."
"I have been struggling with speaking in front of a group for many years. I am now 40 and you would think that through life&#039;s experiences that I would have conquered being afraid of making a speech in front of a crowd. I was even asked by a family member to read all of the sympathy cards at my uncle&#039;s funeral but I couldn&#039;t do it and I felt bad. Well, finally decided to research and find a prescription drug that will help me and came across these testimonials about propranolol, so I  located a pcp and decided to go in and get a prescription. I&#039;m a student and I have to make speeches in front of the class and yesterday was the BIG day. I took this 20mg pill an hr before and it really did work!! Great speech pill!!"
"I&#039;m taking both medications for pain after my back surgery.  It works but pain comes back about an hour before I&#039;m scheduled to take another dose."
"Switched from Butrans 20mcg to Nucynta ER 100, but wasn&#039;t enough for mid to end of work day, so PM switched me to 200mg x 2 daily. So far so good, no side effects and much better control of the pain along with being in a better mood overall. Degenerative Disc Disease and muscle spasms are my main culprits over past 8 years, 33 now. I&#039;ve gotten to the point where epidurals seem to be the only thing that will allow me to live a close to normal life. 

Nucynta has really kept things at a manageable uncomfortable level compared to before. I hated the roller coaster of non ER (extended release) meds and highly recommend making the switch if permitted."
"I&#039;ve been taking Loryna (generic for Yaz) for about two years now. I&#039;ll preface this review by saying I&#039;m turning 27 and I&#039;ve been on some form of BC since age 20. I had surgery 12/2012 for ovarian cysts, and ever since have been struggling with weight gain, pelvic bloating, and cramping that gets worse with each passing month. When I first tried this medication, I had little to no effects. But after about 4-6 months, I gained about 30 pounds. After two years, I&#039;m up to 40 extra pounds with no reason for it. I&#039;m constantly bloated, hungry and moody. Not to mention my libido is nonexisstent and I never want to be touched by my fiance. I&#039;m getting off this horrible medication and going on Sprintec this weekend."
"I have chronic sinus infections, over the last 20 years I have tried everything including surgery, allergy shots, and many different types of antibiotics.  Since I am allergic to Penicillin I have limited chocies, but think I have tried them all.  Biaxin is the only thing that works for me."
"I&#039;ve been on tramadol 50 my 3x day for 7 years now for arthritis. It&#039;s a very good pain relief it also helps sleep good an helps with my anxiety issues. But my tolerance level started to get high after a year of taking it. It stop working good so I had to start taking four a day, then ended up finding out I&#039;m having withdrawal symptoms which is VERY TERRIBLE thing to go through. I suggest if anyone taking this... *WARNING* if u feel like it not working anymore and you&#039;ve been taking it for a long period of time stop taking them that means your getting addicted. Or just take a break from taking them for a bit. Went through hell with the withdrawal from those."
"I generally suffer from bipolar, anxiety and some form of psychosis, the delusions from psychosis caused most of my anxiety and I had to be put on Wellbutrin, risperodone, and klonopin. With this medication my simptoms of psychosis are much better relieved and I was able to withdraw from using klonopin all the time to control my anxiety. I found what I needed."
"I have Atrial fibrillation, stress and panic attacks. This is a great medicine, the heart doctors were wanting to place a pace-maker then they ran all the tests my heart was okay so I ended up on Xanax but if you think you are having a heart attack get yourself to a E.R. again. This is a great medicine for stress, panic attacks. "
"After battling the social stigma of admitting that I suffer from Depression and Anxiety, I researched on the internet and talked with my Medical Dr. about getting on Lexapro for my depression and Anxiety. However, I realized that there is about a 4 week window before the effects occur,,,, so if you are new to it like me and have anxiety,,,, I would consider requesting your dr. to put you on a short term Anxiety medication,,,, In my case, I went with Xanax, which seems ok,,,, so far...."
"I was diagnosed with Trigeminal Neuralgia if Feb. 2005.  The pain associated with this is excruciating, to say the least.  I have never had such pain in all my life.  Just two nights ago I was in the ER with another episode. The doctor prescribed me Neurontin. I slept so good last night! The first good night&#039;s sleep I have had since I can remember.  My episodes happen unexpectedly and it could happen at the drop of a hat.  Then I might go a year before another &quot;attack&quot;. I just never know when this will occur.  But I do know one thing, I would not wish this on my worst enemy.  I am praying that the Neurontin will help subside the &quot;attacks&quot; and the horrible pain associated with Trigeminal Neuralgia."
"I had always been a very shy, quiet, depressed person and also struggled with fatigue.  After taking this medicine for 2 weeks at 100mg I had what I would call a severe emotional release and then a &quot;coming out of my shell&quot;. It was very exhilarating. I began to approach women which had always been a problem for me, then started to have a lot of girlfriends, very happy for a while, felt like I got my life back. But then I started to do some strange things, began to act very aggressive physically and sexually, took A LOT of dangerous, crazy risks, went out to parties every night and had urge to drink myself out of my mind. Very strong urge to drink, and then sleep for majority of the day."
"Pros:
Effective (Always was on time for my injection)
No period
No more PMS

Cons:
Cramping on and off throughout a year on Depo shot
Gained 50 pounds within a year 
Raised blood pressure
Nervousness and dizziness"
"I have been on OTCL for 4 months. The first couple of months I had several bad mood swings, but those have improved. I still experience irratibility and nausea daily and have gained 5 lbs. I feel bloated often and less energetic. My sex drive hasn&#039;t decreased much, my periods are light and predictable, and I haven&#039;t become pregnant. I get moderate breakouts and this medication hasn&#039;t had any effect on those either way. I&#039;ve tried worse, but I definitely don&#039;t feel as good as when I&#039;m not on birth control."
"The best part of taking Lo Loestrin Fe is that I can still have an orgasm! All the other birth control I&#039;ve ever tried I&#039;ve hated, because of that and stronger side affects. This  pill has worked great for me."
"So when I started getting my period at about 13 I had the WORST CRAMPS EVER. Like I&#039;m talking over the toilet, in the shower, missing school, and stuff like that. Typically it was only the first, rarely the second, day Of my cycle I would stay home or come home in bed feeling like my insides were flipping inside out. So after a couple months of this my mom got worried and took me to the doctor who told me I should go get an ultrasound on my uterus to make sure that there wasn&#039;t extra blood flow, extra lining, or anything. This is mostly because I didn&#039;t have blood clots so she wanted to make sure there wasn&#039;t something that needed attention pronto. nothing came up in the ultrasound. So I got prescribed naproxen and it&#039;s a LIFE SAVER!!!!"
"I didn&#039;t have such a good experience with it. Whenever I take it after breakfast as my doctor prescribed me, i feel nausea and dizziness. In the starting days I felt severe weakness and pain in my backbone and in my whole body but as the time passed my feelings are getting changed just like I like  feel vomiting even during sleep. I feel like my heart comes out, I feel dizziness too much and feel blah. I&#039;m worried about my condition because it is necessary to take this medicine but the side effects are making my life like hell."
"I started phentermine on 7/24/15 at 379.5lbs. Today I weighed in at 363. For a total loss of 16.5lbs in 7 days. The first day I was extremely nauseous, highly energetic, cranky and had dry mouth. The dry mouth and crankiness went away after the first day. I generally eat 2-300 calories and a 300 calorie protein shake with 52g of protein. I supplement with various vitamins and work out. I am hoping to lose another 10 in the next month. Overall I am not even slightly hungry although my disgust for food is starting to wain. Example of meal: Half a piece of cheese, one turkey slice, half a cracker; then I am done. Hoping I can tolerate 2 protein shakes by next week. Working great so far."
"I have had the Mirena since March of 2008 the first year it was great, insertion was not painful and my period stopped 2 months later. This second year I have been miserable though. My hips hurt, migraines and nausea everyday, and abdominal pains that just never go away. I want to take it out, but I have Factor 5 and unable to take other birth control. The side effects do not sound so severe but they are quite difficult to deal with."
"I didn&#039;t experience a crazy increase in appetite, however I did gain motivation that I previously didn&#039;t have to go to the gym and lift weights which helped me put my weight back on. Side effects for me included slight numbness of the tongue and I feel like I mumble a lot because of that.  Side effects do not bother me due to the fact that I feel so much better because of the medicine."
"The best asthma medicine I have ever used (and I&#039;ve used literally every one available). The side effects (slight light-headedness, mouth irritation) just went away within the first few days, apart from some sore muscles in the chest. All the dizziness, general muscle pain and slight fever I had on Pulmicort simply vanished, which is very nice. Moreover, my cough and mucus production has clearly gone down compared to Pulmicort."
"This is the most amazing medicine. I&#039;ve had problems with being unmotivated, overweight and depressed for years, and this drug can make me feel like a new person. Unfortunately, I&#039;m stuck taking these pills just so I can feel productive. Oddly, though, sometimes even when I&#039;m not on the drug, I feel as if I&#039;m moving in fast motion, but my brain isn&#039;t. It&#039;s very strange but I can deal with it."
"I have been on Lutera for almost exactly two years now, and it has been great. I wasn&#039;t getting my periods very often before, and Lutera has regulated them and also shortened the number of days from 5-7 down to 3-4. My first period after starting it was terrible because I had a huge glob of blood come out in one chunk. However, after that one period everything else has been much more predictable and normal. It does not seem to have made my sex drive low at all, but that could be something to do with my age."
"I took Epitol for a while and loved it."
"I was on this pill for 8 years.  I never had mood swings, weight gain, or decreased sex drive.  It initially helped with acne, but I developed cystic acne while taking this pill and the pill didn&#039;t seem to help it.  I thought I should switch birth controls for this reason.  I switched to Ortho-cept/Reclipsen - BIG mistake.  NO sex drive, mood swings, extreme fatigue and depression.  The only positive was that it has gotten the cystic acne under control.  The rest of the side effects aren&#039;t worth it though and I have switched back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo which had none of these side effects.  I definitely think Ortho is the way to go."
"I had cystic acne and nothing worked until I finally tried Accutane. It&#039;s truly a life saver! I had lost my confidence until I tried this product. Only side effect was dry nose, dry yes and chapped lips. All of which is minor and worth the beautiful and flawless skin that follows! Four years later and it&#039;s still the best and only thing that works! I tried it all...cortisone shots in the face, Retin A, Differin, facials, scrubs, Proactive, blue light treatment etc.... nothing ever worked. Do yourself a favor and get this as soon as possible. I was finally able to give up wearing foundation too."
"Since I started this pill I&#039;ve experienced; Seriously insane jump and change in my eating habits. 
Lack of motivation to to do anything physical that I previously enjoyed.
And the worst symptom I&#039;ve had has been the change in my mood. I have said and done some pretty horrible things that were unlike me. I felt extreme sadness and hopelessness. So bad that even others noticed these changes in me and it wasn&#039;t good. 

I was prescribed this medication to help with excessive bleeding and cysts, however it no longer feels worth continuing this specific med."
"I&#039;ve been on a combination of Westhroid and Nature-throid due to the shortages for a couple months now.  Gradually been upping the dose and FINALLY today after yesterdays increase my abdominal bloating is down! I&#039;ve been afraid to &quot;up&quot; my dose in fear of not getting enough supply. But the bloating was so bad- none of my clothes fit -and I looked 8 months pregnant that and other non abating symptoms forced me to up one more grain and voila! Now, the other fear is will my doctor &quot;freak&quot; out? last labs showed low end free T&#039;s and a very suppressed TSH- which as we know makes dr&#039;s go nutty. But it does appear Westhroid is a bit easier to get.  "
"It took me months to build up to my current dose of 1.2, but I tolerate it really well now, and would encourage those who find the side effects tough, to just click up a little bit every week to give your body a chance to get used to it.  I also take mid afternoon which seems to be a great time for me as I don&#039;t overeat at dinner or snack in the evening anymore."
"15 mg as needed no more than 2 times a day was absolutely the right dosage for me.  Side effects NONE.  Very effective for panic attacks and general anxiety.  I have tried most benzos, this is by far the best."
"I have taken this birth control for over 6 months now and am very pleased with it. I previously had Implanon and had a lot of side effects with it, including bad mood swings and weight gain. After switching to Lo Loestrin Fe I started experiencing a slight loss of appetite and some nausea, which made me lose 25lbs that I had put on as a result of the Implanon. I could do without the nausea, but I&#039;m pleased with the weight loss, especially because I was expecting to gain weight if anything. I have had no bleeding besides when I slip up and forget to take my pill, besides some very light spotting at the end of my pill cycle which I almost don&#039;t even notice it most of the time."
"I have been on the patch for 10 months now and I absolutely love it. I don&#039;t worry about pregnant scares at all. The only down side I have is that when I put on a new patch after my period I get really nauseated and a bad headache for a few hours but this started about 3 months ago and the other downside is that when I exercise and take hot showers it seems to make the patch slip off. But it&#039;s honestly the best birth control I&#039;ve been on EASY to use and GREAT protection."
"I&#039;ve been dealing with severe panic disorder for about 9 months. I really did try many medications and I have to say that Pristiq has been the best for me. I&#039;ve been taking it for about 6 weeks and feel much better. Although at times my sleeping is not so great but the other benefits do out weigh that. I am very happy with Pristiq."
"My grandson is six now and he takes Adderall XR 15mg. He was only 4 years old when I finally decided to have him tested. He was so active, never finished what he was doing, Never got along with other kids. But now he&#039;s a straight &quot;A&quot; student. He&#039;s always trying new things. I don&#039;t have to think for him anymore, now he thinks for himself. This was the only drug he has ever tried, but I would not change it for the world."
"This medication has been a great for me. I take it every morning (the lowest dose) on an empty stomach when I first wake up. I have had many years of chronic constipation and have tried MANY different things. This is the only thing that has really worked for me. Fortunately, I have not had the diarrhea issues that some people have reported. My doctor did say this can be a side effect for some. For others like me, it has worked great. Like any medication, there is always the chance you may have side effects and have to discontinue it. I think it&#039;s worth trying to see if it&#039;s right for you if you have had years of constipation that has effected your quality of life."
"Hello, I had smoked for 40 years and tried everything to stop to no avail. I had health issues and knew I had to stop. My doctor then suggested I try Chantix, I have now been smoke free for 3 1/2 years. I feel so much better, and do not miss smoking , I only wish I had taken Chantix sooner."
"Been dealing with cold sores for 26 years now. As soon as I feel the tingle I grab 2 Valtrex from my glove compartment or back pack combined with Denavir cream and I&#039;m going on 2 years with no visible outbreaks. Officially have the perfect herpes weapon. Even though the medication is expensive it is so worth it because you only take it when you need it if your able to tell when you may get one."
"I was officially diagnosed with ADHD around age 28 but it wasn&#039;t until 30 that I decided to try medication. I started with Vyvanse. Holy crap! It was amazing. I hadn&#039;t realized how much noise went on in my head until it was quiet. Then I could have linear thought patterns. For the first time ever my life started to come together. I could see tasks in processes, I could think clearly, I could manage my emotions. It was amazing. Then the side effects kicked in. My dr and I went through every other adhd medication there was and nothing helped. I did more research and found that my problem was that all of the medications use dyes which gave me flu like symptoms. Vyvanse uses the most dyes so made me the sickest. I now take it out of capsule."
"I went from being a positive, upbeat, never cry type person. I&#039;m stopping it today because I have been having suicidal thoughts, huge bouts of rage, self harming behavior, anxiety, extreme irritability and horrible feelings of being worthless. I have NEVER felt like that before until I took this for  8 months . DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG"
"This medication works very quickly and effectively.  I take Lasix/furosemide at night and I have to get up two to three times a night to release all of the fluid which I retain durring the day.  By morning I have lost between 4 to 5 lbs of fluid in my body."
"One word. Effective. I just started using Hypercare and it has literally changed my life. I&#039;m going to be a freshman, so this product is just relieving. I recommend this to anyone who is fed up with the embarrassment of having sweating hands, armpits etc. Thank you Hypercare!"
"I have had selective mutism (an anxiety disorder) since I was very young. I am 19 now. In grade 5, I started taking fluoxetine. By the end of the year, I was talking to all the girls in my class. I felt more confident. I could order by myself at restaurants now, something I wasn&#039;t able to do before. There are still some people I don&#039;t talk to, but I talk to every new person I meet. Fluoxetine has improved my quality of life and I am happy now. I have been taking fluoxetine for 5 years now and I can&#039;t imagine what my life would be like if my doctor and my mom ( a pharmacist) didn&#039;t recommend it when I was 10."
"I have only been taking acamprosate for about a week now but it works very well so far! It really quiets that craving and urge that makes you want to drink. If you&#039;re suffering or think you&#039;re on the way to becoming addicted, i highly suggest asking your doctor about acamprosate. You will feel normal again and not worrying about when your next drink will be, which becomes tiring. Im thankful my doctor perscribed this and for the people who invented it."
"This was an absolute nightmare. 10 minutes after use of the product I was sitting on my bed crying my eyes out it hurt so bad. The burning sensation and pain was incredible.  It takes a lot for me to cry about anything, especially when it comes to pain. I immediately had to take a shower and wash everything out. Worst product I think I&#039;ve ever used in my life."
"First time using this product... I was in so much pain I Couldn&#039;t bend down to get it off of the bottom shelf.... within 20 min I felt like a new man.   Only reason I give it a 9out of 10 is because it was on the bottom shelf..."
"I followed the directions my DR. gave me - 1 packet at 5 with 5 8oz glasses of clear liquid to drink in 2 hours after that.  Started going within an hour.  Took the 2nd packet at 10:00 and have been in the bathroom a lot.  No doubt I will be totally clear by the AM.  This is great.    I had $40 coupon for the product from the DR so cost wasn&#039;t bad at all.  Will use the product again the next time."
"No side effects that I can tell. May also be helping with arthritic pain that I have."
"Had no side effects while on this medication.  My new insurance would not cover it so I was unable to afford it."
"I had to leave work early today because, of how nauseous I feel. I have to work tomorrow too. I&#039;m scared I&#039;m going to go to work and, throw up. I didn&#039;t feel like this until the patch. Im currently laying down in nauseous agony. I feel extremely dizzy. I didn&#039;t really eat all day, I tried to eat some stuff but I started getting nauseous. I hope this patch will pay off but for right now I&#039;m not happy with it. Really hope I can go to work tomorrow."
"When I was diagnosed with Sjogren&#039;s it was advised I start taking Plaquenil. I avoided it for months because I felt I had enough symptoms already without any side effects from medication. However it became quickly apparent that the fatigue and pain were not going to allow me to continue working being in my twenties at the time, this was NOT an option so I gave in and gave the Rheumatologist my consent.

6  years later, I have no complaints. I work full time and on the occasions that I forget to take my Plaquenil for a day or two, I notice a substantial difference; pain, unbearable fatigue, etc. and overall being unable to find energy enough to live my daily life. I am completely derailed without it."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 1 month. My eyes have the burning sensation that last for about 30 minutes after application. I find the plastic container very difficult to use. It is very small and the plastic is extremely stiff. I have RA and pinching to get the drop out is almost impossible for me. The worst part is the tearing that I have NEVER had before. It last for a few hours, and my eyes are crusted every morning when I wake up. I&#039;m not very pleased with this new RX."
"After 3 mos I ended up with blood clots and pulmonary embolism.im blessed to be alive."
"I have been taking 600mg two hours before bedtime for a few years now for burning feet at night.  It usually works quite well. I have not had to increase my dosage and I have no side effects other than it makes me sleepy which is great at night."
"TO PAINSHMANE:  I WOULD JUST LIKE TO LET U KNOW THAT YES YOUR BODY DOES GET USED TO SUBUTEX &amp; SUBOXONE. THE GOOD THING IS THAT YOUR BODY CAN NEVER NEED MORE THAN THE AMOUNT OF THE CEILING EFFECT.

That being said, Subutex has changed my life. I&#039;ve been hooked to pain meds for 8 years and about 3 years ago I had it. I have 3 little ones and looking for opiates was taking a lot of valuable time I could&#039;ve been spending with them. I went to the doctor and was put on Suboxone, but I had the headaches everyone talks about, so now I&#039;m on Subutex and it is a LIFESAVER. Still though, I&#039;m not looking forward to ever having to get off them, which I know how the withdrawals are because I had to go without it before."
"I have tendonitis in both wrists from years of repetitive movement and a 10% gel did help but not as much as I had hoped.  I had to apply it three times a day for at least 3 days before seeing any results.  I experienced severe  stomach cramps and diarrhea  for side affects."
"Minimal relief with itching"
"Have been on Lexapro and Xanax for a year and a half but still had problems with feeling angry, irritated and on edge all the time. This works great. My kids don&#039;t have to walk on eggshells anymore."
"UPDATE..SW 259 as of 2/27 CW 255.  Today is 3/13 CW 249, yes this is correct. I can&#039;t believe the scale. I am a shame to admit I still haven&#039;t incorporated exercise. For those who are reading this and can&#039;t decide based on these comments. You need to try it yourself, I was so afraid to try it after reading what people were experiencing with the symptoms. I have no symptoms and I am doing 2 pills in the morning and 1 at night. My insurance covered it so I only paid $30.00 with coupon for a 120 pills. My doctor called and schedule a 6 week follow up appointment to see if its working. We&#039;re aiming for 5% OF MY BODY WEIGHT in 6 weeks. At this rate I will have surpass that goal. If this pill did not work for me, my next option was surgery"
"I ran out of room with writing my other review but I use cetephil daily face cleanser and daily advance lotion. I use aquaphor for my lips. I keep it at all times. With my side effects I also have severe muscle aches!!!!! I hope this helps anyone who is considering to use accutane. I recommend it but keep a close eye on your Side effects. I&#039;m happy with how it&#039;s working as of now just my complexion isn&#039;t good. I also HIGHLY recommend to not pull off dry skin! As it will lead to a red mark and become dryer and will become a scar. And do not pick at any zits. I&#039;m a big picker, I&#039;m constantly feeling on my face and pick if I feel anything. It leads to scarring. Be patient with it. You&#039;ll look great afterwards."
"I&#039;m going into my 3rd month on this medication.what can I say it helped with my anti depression but the weight gain is a joke!!!
I&#039;m 30 years old.always sat about 52 kilos  and now weight 61 kilos. I&#039;m in my 1st week of my 3rd month.
I feel worse then before as iv gained so much weight in such a short time.iv had to go out and by all new clothes which makes me sad that iv gotten that big.
Now the sleeping I sleep I always sleep and find it so hard to wake up.this is horrible and I suggest going down all other avenues be for taking this drug."
"Just got prescribed 10 milligrams,  Thank God I decided to cut it in half just to see how I reacted to it, took it at night. Felt the effects in about a half hour, didn&#039;t sleep to well, felt wierd. Got in the morning to let the dog out and almost hit the floor, very dizzy.  I do feel more relaxed today, and somewhat better. I was told most people don&#039;t even know they are taking it , starts to work in about 4 weeks. Not me must be very sensative to it. I think I will try 5 milligrams again tonight and see how it goes. I will keep you all informed."
"I was given this medication for a Uti i was suffering from that just wouldn&#039;t go away with cranberry juice and otc pills. The first day after taking this my symptoms were almost gone. On day 1, my second pill which was at night made my stomach cramp so bad i almost curled over. But i continued with my prescribed dosage. On day 3 i felt almost completely cured of my uti. But on day 3 when i took my 2nd pill of the day which was before bed i started to feel stuffy and had shortness of breath, accompanied by blurred vision, That was very scary.  I will not be finishing the rest of the dosage of this medicine. I was prescribed 2 100mg pills every 12 hours for 7 days. Fingers crossed my symptoms dont come back. Beware of side effect!"
"I have been battling gout for almost a year. I have found Prednisone to be very effective for swelling (which is what my Dr. prescribed it for) in conjunction with Uloric and a pain medication. Prednisone is not a pain medication, however it does reduce swelling, in turn reducing pressure to relieve pain. The only drawback of Prednisone is that it can reduce kidney function if used continuously. I do recommend prednisone to reduce the swelling from gout."
"I had the Skyla IUD placed a few days ago. Don&#039;t let the negative reviews keep you from trying it. The insertion didn&#039;t last long and the worst of it felt like a pinching menstrual cramp lasting a couple seconds (once when they measure the uterus and once for insertion). I did pass out twice afterwards (I&#039;m weak when it comes to medical things). That evening I had some cramping but some ibuprofen and a heating pad took care of it. I haven&#039;t had any further cramping since and am only spotting a little bit. I will update if anything changes but I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t let all of the scary reviews I read change my mind about trying it."
"I&#039;ve only been on this med about one week, but it worked immediately.  My intestinal motility was vastly improved, I had no cramps, stomach pains or discomfort.  The only side effects I&#039;ve experience is diarrhea with some urgency, and a SLIGHT increase in gas but with no bloating.  I haven&#039;t taken any of the significant amount of laxatives I&#039;ve had to take in the past, the Lizness is all I&#039;ve had to take.  I&#039;m hoping that overtime the urgency for the diarrhea will adjust (I don&#039;t mind the diarrhea itself, it&#039;s far preferable to the uncomfortable constipation!)"
"I&#039;m on my third day of Celexa! I have experienced a few side effects such as trouble falling asleep and staying asleep, tightened jaw and grinding my teeth, as well as loss of appetite and feeling as though I might be on cheap MDMA. I do feel as though it is helping with my anxiety because I already feel less stressed and I feel happier than I felt before. I do feel a bit paranoid though, because I read many reviews of people gaining weight so I&#039;m trying to eat as healthy as possible."
"I took Prozac for 15 years and it was definitely a wonderful drug for my disorder. I was Agoraphobic for 22 years before my doctor discovered Prozac helped with Panic attacks. I started it and in a week I was walking out of my house and greeting my neighbors! I started working and doing things I never dreamed I could do. Then in 2005 my insurance changed to another Pharmaceutical plan and you could take generics or pay full price for the brand name. Unfortunately the generic did not do the same thing as the brand. Prozac price has risen to $403.65 for 3 months and unfortunately I cannot afford this."
"I was diagnosed with neck arthritis at the age of 29 (I&#039;m 48) when I got chronic headaches accompanied with a grinding and cracking noise at the base of my neck. I could have lived with that, however, the headaches developed into migraines, and as a waitress, a miserable server=0 tips. It was costing me money to be in chronic pain. So, I saw a doctor, and he prescribed tramadol, then Vicodin. Then I learned of methadone. Long lasting, no acetaminophen, well within my price range, no buzzy feeling, no problems at all. FOR THE FIRST TIME IN FOREVER, I FEEL GOOD"
"It really does work, the one side effect you have to overcome is it makes it difficult to sleep at night."
"I started balziva because I was having irregular periods( every 7-10 days), within 3 months, my period was regular. I did not gain weight because of the pill but it did cause my breasts to get a bit bigger. I still get periods on this pill lasting 2-6 days, with only one day of bad cramping and they tend to be light. The lack of side effects make this a good choice. The cost is a bit much where I get it currently, at around 17 dollars a month."
"I love love my Implanon. I have had it for 2 1/2 years now and it puts me at ease.  I never have to worry about forgetting a pill or taking pills late, also, it&#039;s not affected by antibiotics! I have very light periods every couple of months for a day or two that are easily managed with panty liners. I have noticed a decrease in sex drive, however not having a little one right now is definitely more important to me.  I will be getting it removed soon and will without a doubt get a new one."
"I was prescribed 200-700mg for bipolar with psychotic features. At 200-400mg I slept well and woke up happy and felt content. Some symptoms remained, thus the increase to 700mg. At that level I had nightly blackouts where I would write belligerent texts to loved ones at night, and have no memory of it. I was horrified to learn of it later. I&#039;ve tried Geodon and Zyprexa with bad results like drooling somnolence and tachycardia. Next doctor visit I will ask to be put on 300 Seroquel. I had good results at that level, and wish to return to that. Looking forward to it. I&#039;m not on any anti-psychotic currently and I feel anxious."
"I&#039;ve been on Celexa 20mg for 15 years now and I love it.  I started with Paxil and then try Zoloft and Wellbutrin.  The last three medication made me feel like a zombie.  But Celexa is different.  Celexa made me feel like myself again, no side effect.  I had a big depression (due to baby blues and multiple surgeries and lots of pain for long periods of time).  Celexa SAVED MY LIFE.  I&#039;ve been on 20mg for all this time and didn&#039;t have to increase the dosage.  If I try to stop, I become suicidal again (with no reasons at all) so I will keep taking this wonderful life saving medicine forever.  Thank you for saving me. You cannot &quot;control&quot; depression with your &quot;will&quot;.  Depression is a sickness, like diabetes or heart problems, and Celexa is the best."
"I had the three day treatment and made it through those days with mild itching and burning but nothing severe. It&#039;s day five and I applied the cream because I still experience mild itching, and a few minutes in it started to burn and itch so badly I felt I had no self control. I was shaking and scratching violently before I finally decided to wash it all off and now my regular itching feels like heaven. I hate this product."
"I have only been on the patch for about a month, but I think that it&#039;s long enough for me to have a somewhat legit opinion on this medicine. So far, so good. I was on the pill before I started this, and I never remembered to take it. I would be hours late, sometimes missing it all together, and being sexually active, that&#039;s pretty risky. I love that I only have to change it once a week. I hate how sometimes it sticks to my underwear, and when I pull them down to use the restroom, they pull on it. But that&#039;s all about where on the butt you put it. I&#039;m on my patch off week and I&#039;m having awful cramping. That&#039;s the only downfall. All in all, great."
"I%u2018m half way through the course of tablets for a UTI. Never again do I want to take this drug. Had migraines from hell every single day since starting the treatment. After a really bad migraine today, I got suspicious this antibiotic might be trigger. I don%u2018t know what to do. I don%u2018t want to take another day of it. Today I had to take 100 mg of sumatriptan to get rid of a migraine.  I had a UTI a few months ago and a different doctor gave me another antibiotic that didn%u2018t give me the headaches from hell.
But stopping antibiotics before you finish your course leads to antibiotics resistance. But since I had migraines 5 days in a row I%u2018m not going to take another tablet!"
"The ONE and ONLY time this medication didn&#039;t work occurred when I had an infection in my intestinal tract which necessitated treatment with antibiotics. Otherwise it always works."
"I have been HIV Positve for about 32 years.  The last cocktail  I was taking for about 8 years was Epzicom and Combivir . A year ago I changed my regimen to Triumeq . Initially, the side effects I experienced were sleeplessness, nausea and stomach gas, these symptoms lasted for about 3 months. Due to the sleeplessness, started taking the medication in the mornings  instead of the evenings. The first positive thing I noticed was that my skin became more hydrated and I had less skin eruptions. After one year on the medication I feel very normal , I continue to workout 3 times a week and my energy level is high. My Viral Load remains undetectable and my CD4 went from 800 to 1,150 . I am very happy that I made the switch to Triumeq ."
"This drug has changed my life. Before taking Cymbalta I was depressed, anxious and borderline suicidal. Within a few weeks of my first dose (60mg) I noticed that I was more outgoing, friendly and that my mood has significantly improved. Although I experience some sexual side effects, the drug has been incredible on the whole. I&#039;d highly recommend it."
"My Cardiologist put me on Metoprolol 2 times daily and Azor once daily.  After I began taking the Azor  I noticed I was losing a lot of hair in the shower and in my sink. When I went to get my haircut, my Stylist asked me if I had been sick because my hair was so thin.  That was it, I stopped taking it.  Within a week, I no longer noticed my hair any longer falling out.  Have an appointment with m Cardiologist today and I am sure he won&#039;t be happy.  At least I am a little luckier than a lot of you, because my insurance did cover it."
"I was on a three month trial because I ha r heavy periods, the first week was great it lightened my period. But on the 8th day of taking my first pack I became extremely sick, vomiting, diarrhea... Had to stop taking it because it was making me so sick. Be careful!!"
"I had a hysterectomy in 1998 and was on Premarin 0.0625 for many years then Doctor decided not good to prescribe anymore. I was so very miserable! If have to live like that -don&#039;t want to. It was terrible. No doctor knows your body like you do! And just for the record, one of my sisters is 73 yrs old aznd still has terrible hot flashes! Sometimes it looks as if she just stepped out of the shower! My mother was the same way! I am not willing to live like that! There are pro&#039;s and con&#039;s on everything!"
"I have Major Depressive Disorder, Bipolar Disorder, and anxiety, I have never felt more calm and in-control of my emotions. Usually every night I&#039;d fall into a fit of thinking of self-harm, I have thought of them no more, I still get sad, but it&#039;s sadness, not full on depression. My anxiety has decreased so much, I still get nervous, but it is not even close to how bad it was. An added bonus, is for me, it makes me drowsy, so I get more sleep. I have never been so happy in my life. Prozac is a life saver."
"I have been on Adderall for a little under a month. Let me say, this is the magic pill. I can focus, sit and watch an actual movie, and pay attention in daily life as well as my college. Love Adderall."
"I can not longer use Imitrex or related drugs for migraine pain due to heart issues. In searching for an alternative migraine treatment, my doctor prescribed Indocin. Alone Indocin can&#039;t relieve migraine pain, but combined with Midrin, I get relief. I&#039;m in the midst of weekly migraines.  They had been reduced with Midrin, but still lasted days.  Now, combining the two, I can break the migraine cycle."
"I was in the ER for a broken orbital bone and they gave me a shot of Demerol and I felt like a million bucks. Instant relief. World&#039;s better than Morphine."
"Alright so I&#039;ll give you the full on details. It works great for me but you definitely don&#039;t want to be out of reach of a toilet within an hour after eating because you Have To Go. I suffer from severe constipation, I used to only go to the bathroom once every week and my pain from being so bloated just got ridiculous. Linzess really helps, even if I forget to take it for a few days and get backed up, it works to flush me out. Haha. I know. But still don&#039;t know what I would do without it because laxatives are Not good."
"I tried Ambien but the only thing it did was make me stumble through the house like a drunk but not sleep well at all. But from the first time I took Lunesta 3mg it gently put me to sleep and I sleep the best I have slept in a long time; and after 2-3 years it still works well. Plus I wake with no feeling like I even take something to sleep. I am finding the need to take it to get sleepy more now, so my tolerance for this may have increased but I still think its a wonder drug for me. I think different people need different medicines to help. I think I&#039;m lucky this works so well for me. Good luck everyone! I hope you find something that works just as well for you!"
"I was put on provigil at the age of 12 and it worked sometimes but I lost Insurance after hitting 18 then was able to get back on it at 20. Now I&#039;ve been taking for 3 years and going. 2 200 milligrams 1 time when I wake up.some times 3 due to tollarence. I do road construction and operate heavy machines like Bob cats and trucks and rollers but I still fall asleep when we move to next job(not driving) I also use marijuana to help balance the shakes. It works wonders for me. You might just have to bump up dosage. I do this at 50mg plus  until it works. Never went past 600 mg tho. Only bad effect is aloft of aggression and mania list of appetite"
"I have a lot of pain in my hands, all the time.  Myoflex gives me instant relief.  Best product on the market."
"I&#039;ve been taking 50mg Topamax twice daily and 30mg of Phentermine once in the morning for about a year now. The dosages are low and weight loss has been gradual but I am very happy with the combination. I was instructed originally to take 15mg Phentermine in the morning and a second capsule before 3pm but it really affected my ability to get to sleep at night and I didn&#039;t feel like I needed it mid day. 

I&#039;m not thrilled about the foggy memory and problems putting together words the Topamax seems to cause from time to time, but it has been well worth it. I also experienced some hair loss after upping my dose of Topamax but it resolved after a few weeks. 

In all, I&#039;ve list about 70 pounds this last year with diet and exercise."
"I am 46/F/305 lbs......I just started premiere weight loss center yesterday.I am doing 500 cal right now, phentermine 37.5 daily, and get weekly b-complex injections......I tried this back in 2011, had great success, lost 60lbs in about 4 months.....due to a shoulder injury and surgery, had to stop...was layed up for 18 months, ugh......then I changed jobs, got divorce...life got in the way, lol. So today is my first day back on it...the phen has started working immediately already...I&#039;m having to force myself to eat...I think I&#039;m going to try some high protein, low cal shakes....easier for my lifestyle as well....I&#039;m in the nursing field and always on the go. I hate water, but love Dt coke...will check in after 1st weigh in 4/22!!!"
"This has been a miracle for me, it keeps my mind calm and in balance. I had delusions coupled with moderate to severe mood disturbances and this puts me back on the normal spectrum."
"Tried Muse for the first time tonight and well not very impressed yet.
It gave me the initial erection but did not last long at all not even an hour.
I am on many meds for Diabetes though so I&#039;m sure that played a part.
I will try it again for sure though. Also I am only on the 250mcg dose.
I would say it&#039;s a start though much better than what has been going on."
"Helped me the first day. Used for shoulder and neck. Increased range of motion."
"I have been taking 10 mgs. Lexapro now for two months for depression and anxiety. I hope I never have to stop.  I started feeling better the first day and it hasn&#039;t let up. This has made me feel as good as I did 15 years ago. (Previously it was a slow, steady decline). There are definitely side effects: for me there have been pretty serious fatigue and near-total loss of appetite. I will use weight gain supplements to stop the weight loss if I have to (I already weigh 107 lbs., down from 115lbs), but I&#039;m not sure what to do about the fatigue other than drink more coffee. (I should also note that this medicine completely solved my sleeping problem, literally the first night. I used to never sleep; now I sleep 7 hours. A miracle for me!)."
"I have been taking Remicade for approxim ately one year now and find it works quite well for my Behcets symptoms.  Things were great during the initial phase of loading doses but I found once my treatments were scheduled for every eight weeks, I seemed to experience a flare before my next session (Around the 5 or 6 week period).  My doctor has just increased the treatments to every four weeks and we are hoping this will get rid of my flares all together.  The only side effect of the Remicade that I have experienced is fatigue following the infusion."
"I have suffered from adult acne for years.  I have found that the most effective treatments I have used have often been for products for rosacea like Prosacea which is over the counter.  It worked well for about a year and then slowly became ineffective.  So my dermatologist prescribed this.  It worked wonders after just 2 days.  I rate it a 10! :)"
"I have been on this medication for almost a month. I got my period once , but it hasn&#039;t even been a week later that I got a second period. My first period was very light and only lasted three days, but I&#039;m not sure how this period will be."
"I was prescribed this product for an upper respiratory infection yesterday at the ER. The doc said to hold on from taking it for a couple of days because he thought I have a viral infection.  Last night I was feeling so miserable, my sinuses were burning up, chest with lot of congestion, etc. So I called the nurse at the ER to ask if I could just take it right away, I am also pregnant.. She said to go ahead and take it, that it would not hurt if it was viral. I took the first 2 pills around 11pm. I could not sleep, it does raise your heart rate a little, I guess when it fights the infection.. Today I started feeling much better at around 5pm. I am so glad I followed my guts and took this med, it is a miracle med."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 8 months now. I started when I met the most amazing man in the world. Unfortunately, we&#039;re in a long distance relationship so the small amount of time we get every 2 weeks, he of course wants to have sex. Before I started Levora I would have sex with him 2-4 times a day, it was the most amazing sex of my life! Ever since I started the pill I don&#039;t even want to kiss him. He thinks I&#039;m not attracted to him anymore because I NEVER want to have sex! If he wasn&#039;t so in love and patient with me I know that he would have been gone by now. I absolutely hate how much this has affected my sex drive, it&#039;s caused me to gain 10lbs, and sometimes I get overly emotional/depressed."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for the past four months and it&#039;s worked great! I&#039;d been on 3 other medications before that and none of them have worked as well as Zoloft when it&#039;s coupled with 15mg of Buspar and 20mg of Adderall. My anxiety has dropped, my mood has improved dramatically, and I&#039;ve even lost weight, which I haven&#039;t been able to do since I recovered from my eating disorder. Unfortunately I think I&#039;m going to have to have my dosage upped because of my Seasonal Affective Disorder, but otherwise it&#039;s worked very well."
"Hydroxyzine seems to help more with my reaction to pain than with the actual pain. If I take hydroxyzine while I have shin splints, I still feel quite a bit of pain; it&#039;s just that I feel significantly less distressed and distracted by the pain than I normally would be. 

It works best for pain if taken with an actual painkiller. I prefer using naproxen, as the hydroxyzine seems to counteract the stomachache I always get from this NSAID."
"I have had cold sore all my life, and usually get them 1-2 times a year until I found Abreva about 8 years ago.  It worked well for me, put it on a soon as i felt the tingle and the sore would never develop .  However the past three times that i had a cold sore it did not help at all.  the really weird thing is that the last three that i got came with no warning.  i would wake up in the morning and boom it is already on my lip and developing.  This one lasted for 8 days, i am planning to talk with my doc about something stronger."
"I first decided to try the patch after trying the pills for several months. I liked the idea of only having to worry about changing it once a week as oppose to having to worry about the pill every day. At first everything was perfect, I had some spotting here and there but nothing major. My mood was normal and I had no weight gain. The downside of it for me were the headaches. I got terrible headaches from it."
"It worked... I was scared out of my mind and kept looking for reviews that would give me hope, and it worked. My period came a little bit heavier but I have never been so happy for the cramps. Took it within 3 hours of unprotected sex."
"I started taking this pill because everything else gave me cystic acne. At first, I loved this pill, besides the fact that it gave me terrible mood swings and no sex drive. I tolerated that part because it seemed like I was losing lbs and increasing bra size which I was happy about. But about a year into it I started going thru periods of what seemed like depression, lasting about 3 months at the longest. 2 years into it, I&#039;d gained about 10 lbs in 3 months (without any lifestyle change) and NOTHING I did would help me lose the weight. Finally I decided to stop taking it 1 month ago and I already lost 5 lbs, am 10x happier, and my sex drive is back. Didn&#039;t get pregnant, but not worth the long-term side effects."
"I first thought Mirvaso was effective, but it actually increased the redness of flushing and made my skin even hotter. After two weeks of trying it I have stopped using it and hope my rosacea goes back to what it was before, which was not good, but better than after using Mirvaso."
"For those that are experiencing headaches and nausea, drink a glass of milk before taking Bactrim.  This always works for me."
"6.25mg of this product 2 X daily, reduced my 160/120 BP to 120/78 in two days."
"I&#039;ve injected three Humira pen needles so far, been on the treatment for six weeks. I&#039;ve had Psoriatic Arthritis for 13 years.

Humira began clearing up the psoriasis on my elbows after the second injection. My scalp is beginning to flake a bit less. My actual arthritis feels about the same so far.

My rheumatologist wants me to stay on Humira at least 6 months to try it on my psoriasis, as long as I don&#039;t have an adverse reaction to it.

It took about six weeks beforehand, after I got the written prescription for my BCBS insurance to approve the twice monthly medicated needles. It&#039;s around $5k per month for the two needles but I pay only $90 month co pay after the coverage. 

I will report back here again if I have further significant recovery, I&#039;m hopeful."
"This causes crazy weight gain. I was 120 now 177 pounds... yup! Other than that it works I take 80mg before bed every night but the craving at night for food will get the best of you. It took not long to gain weight now it&#039;s taking forever to lose it. But I&#039;m still happy with this drug. Better then haldol and seroquel :)"
"I&#039;m on the last day of a 14 day treatment. A little bad taste but didn&#039;t last long.
Doctor must have faith  with Prevpac because I asked if I need to be retested and he said no. A routine colonoscopy/ upper endoscopy showed the presence of H. Pylori. Still not sure how I was infected, had an endoscopy 5 years ago and didn&#039;t have it then. My wife said better me than
her she could never had taken all this medication and was amazed how well I tolerated Prevpac 14 day treatment."
"My Dr. prescribed me flagyl 500mg for 4 days, once a day. Before I take any meds i do a research on them to know what to expect or whats not normal, but honestly I have to stop doing this!! I read all this awful symptoms all of you or most of you were going through and I almost give up on the pill before even starting! BUt then I realize each women has a different experience, and so far the only symptom is the metallic taste in my mouth and a little dry my mouth also. I&#039;m hoping this is the last med I have to take and go back to healthy vagina because I&#039;ve being MONTHS at this, between BV or Yeast infections and its driving me INSANE. Before this pills, I used metrogel for 7days. Either it didn&#039;t work, or now I have YI. Good luck to you all!"
"I took crestor for about two years with minor side effects. Since I turned 65, I noticed my leg muscles ( hamstrings, Knees) were hurting. I stopped taking Crestor and my legs feel better. The drug did help lower my cholesterol  but my legs were killing me and I had trouble walking due the stiffness and pain. While I am not 100% certain my leg pain was due to Crestor, it certainly looks that way.It has only been 6 days since I stopped."
"If you take this right before you&#039;re going to bed you&#039;ll be fine. Don&#039;t take it when you still have stuff to do. I take ambien and Zoloft every night right when I&#039;m getting into bed. It doesn&#039;t knock me out or anything but it does help me fall asleep faster and stay asleep for more hours."
"Started on 5 mg for one week. I immediately noticed my anxiety spike. I called my doctor. He said continue with the medication and take more xanax. I moved up to 10 mg on week two and my anxiety got even worse. I began taking more xanax to combat the increased anxiety and it is making me sick. Now I&#039;m more depressed because the anxiety is crippling me. I am going back to my doctor tomorrow to discuss options. I have tried a number of medications recently all with poor results. Nothing has made my anxiety spike as high as Trintellix though. 
So far the anxiety and some sour stomach are the only side effects I&#039;ve experienced.
I should probably get off this medication but do not know if I can withstand another medication change."
"Name brand worked. But generic didn&#039;t."
"Hi everybody, Sweden&#039;s calling:
I&#039;ve been on Otezla for more than 9 months and most of my Plaque Psoriasis have cleared up!
It seems like the scalp is showing some resistance but I&#039;m not giving up.
Had some side effects like diahrrea and poor appetite in the begining but it&#039;s all fine now.
Take care!"
"Well I am on day 11.  I read all the reviews on different sites good and bad.  I finally decided to quit and was scared of the side effects but I started anyway.  By the magical day 7 I didn&#039;t feel a thing different.  Still smoking 1 1/2 packets a day. I thought great this won&#039;t work for me.  4 days later I am still smoking but yesterday I only smoked 10 cigarettes all day.  I have found that yeah I still have urges but I can tell my self no and my brain(or body) whatever doesn&#039;t go into a &quot;nicotine fit&quot;.  I have smoked for 15 years and I can see an end in site.  I get no enjoyment or &quot;stress&quot; relief from smoking anymore.  I have not had any major side effects other than I seem to dream more.  Not good or bad dreams, just more.  Hope this helps."
"I am overall happy with the nexplanon. I got mine January 2015, and have not had a period since. The only side effects I&#039;ve noticed are acne, slight decrease in sex drive, and weight gain. Though the weight gain is good for me since I&#039;ve always been hopelessly underweight no matter what I did. This was excellent for me, I hope it&#039;s good for all of you!"
"Works great only down side makes me pass out"
"While this birth control is HIGHLY effective (ie. No periods, Effective control of not getting pregnant) I have gotten a ton of side effects that were NOT worth it to me.

Firstly, after a month of getting it, I starting getting chin hairs and it has gradually gotten worse over the past six months. Like a mild beard. Not only has the hair been embarrassing and I complete blow to my self-esteem I have also developed in-grown hairs to go along with it and scars that won&#039;t go away.

Secondly, I have gotten the absolute WORST acne.

Lastly, I have gained 30 lbs immediately after getting this implant and my diet is fairly healthy and I also am very active so there is no other reason for me to gain weight except for Nexplanon."
"I also suffer from mild post traumatic stress disorder due to multiple miscarriages. At work and in my personal life I was very irritable - 0-50 in 2 seconds. I thought it was just who I am, until a minor situation happened at work. It opened my eyes, but I was devastated to hear from my doctor that I had to take medication. I felt like a failure. I started out with 20 mg/day, and by the fourth week a miracle happened. I felt &quot;normal&quot; - I started to worry about the things I should worry about, and all the little things did not matter at all. After taking it for 3 months, at times I found my mood to be irritable, so I&#039;m now taking 30 mg/day and have not felt better."
"I had very mild redness and was surprised when my dermatologist gave me a few rhofade samples. I only applied it once and discontinued because of weird tingling sensations all over my face. In about two days after that my face turned red and was covered with tiny pimples. I&rsquo;ve never had those before. It&rsquo;s been a week since and my face is slightly less red and no more pimples but overall it&rsquo;s still much worse than before rhofade. I&rsquo;ve never had any reaction to alcohol until then either but now a single drink makes my face red. I reported my case to FDA and will be looking for a different dermatologist. I think it&rsquo;s totally irresponsible to give out samples of medication that can cause lasting damaging effects."
"I got the Depo Shot 1.5 yrs. ago. I was having painful periods due to my endometriosis. I received the shot in my butt and it didn&#039;t hurt. After my 1st shot I had some spotting for a few days. Then about 8 weeks in I got a light period for 4 days, but got worse on week 11 and had a regular period (which are normally painful for me). My doctor decided I could get the shot every 6-8 weeks to help with my painful periods &amp; growth of endometriosis. During this time I hadn&#039;t gotten a single period which is good. HOWEVER, since I&#039;ve been on it for a yr. now &amp; my side effects: fatigue, hot flashes, fatigue, mood swings/anxiety, &amp; weight gain of 25 lbs.! I didnt get my next shot &amp; it&#039;s been 15 weeks since my last shot. No change nor period yet."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for more than 4 months. Not feeling any better at all. More tired, and more hair loss is what I&#039;ve been experiencing. Still feeling no motivation, lethargy and depressed/isolated. "
"Suffered severe crippling migraines on a regular basis, doctor put me on Olmesartan 40mg 3 times a day, and the migraines gradually went away completely. Tapered off, the migraines came back. Started back on, migraines went away again. I do not have high bloodpressure, and taking Olmesartan have only lowered my blood pressure slightly. Been on Olmesartan now for 4 years."
"My pinky toenail has been infected since 2000.  I finally asked my doctor for a prescription because I was tired of wearing shower shoes in my own shower and being worried about spreading it to my wife or kids. I&#039;m two and a half months into the treatment and I can definitely see a difference. Where the nail was yellow, brittle and thick, it is now clear and looks more like my other toenails.  It&#039;s not quite back to the way it was but it&#039;s a huge improvement.  The nail is still a little thicker than the others but it&#039;s not nearly as brittle as it was.  The other thing I noticed is that the toe does not have any fungus around the nail anymore, no itching, burning or swelling in that area in over 2 months.  No side effects either."
"Been on Zoloft for about 3 weeks. Gradually upped dosage. Feel better, just can&#039;t ejaculate. Hopefully this will change as my body adapts to the drug."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin for 4 months.  This pill is one of the best I&#039;ve taken so far.  No periods or crazy mood swings.  Sex drive is normal.  Only downside is that I have gained some weight and it&#039;s been hard to lose it while being on this pill.  Second downside it&#039;s expensive, and my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it so its cost me 75$ per month.  Overall, good experience on this pill."
"My psychiatrist initially prescribed Nuvigil to enable me to be alert and awake during the day.  I suffer from bad insomnia and I&#039;m being treated for major depressive disorder and post traumatic stress disorder.  I&#039;d taken Provigil in the past and it seemed to help with depression.  Yesterday I overslept and decided not to take my Provigil fearing it would keep me awake even longer than usual.  That was a huge mistake, I became horribly, morbidly, depressed.  I didn&#039;t make that mistake this morning, I took my Nuvigil as usual and my (worse than usual) depression is gone.  I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects but I wish Nuvigil would enable me to lose weight like it does many people.  I was on Abilify for a few months and gained several lbs."
"I first started taking Aviane in 2005 when Alesse was no longer offered. I loved it then and I love it now. I have no complaints about it. I recently started taking it again two months ago and it works the same. Little side effects. What I love best is I have not gained any weight as I have before on other pills. So before you listen to anyone else do your research and try it out for yourself. Hope this helps someone."
"I started on this medication back in February of 2017.  I weighed in at 219 +/-.

I had a few side effects [constipation slight] took some over the counter medicine and all is good.  I didn&#039;t see anything at first, it took about 1 1/2 months.  But to date I have lost 31 lbs.  I don&#039;t really notice it looking at myself [I rarely do, as I have been disgusted with my weight issues and how I just really let myself go] but different co-workers noticed that my face was thinner.  Then I noticed that my tops were looking like I was drowning.  All in all, this has been a positive, and I would recommend.  Thank you~"
"My two year old had the Flu Mist vaccine on a Monday morning.  By Monday evening he had a fever, no energy or appetite and wanted to go to bed.  Tuesday his temperature spiked to 104.5 and he had achy arms and legs, head and tummy.  Still had a fever all day Wednesday but started taking fluids again, still not eating.  When he was one he had the shot and had no reaction.  I think we&#039;ll stick with the injection from now on."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from nausea/vomiting due to my pregnancy. At the Emergency Hospital I was prescribed to take Reglan 10mg.  Bought the medicine and afraid to take it, took me two weeks to finally try them due to horrible reviews I read online. This medicine stopped my vomiting and to my surprise never had any side effect on me."
"After being on methotrexate and Humira I experienced no relief as well as a SEVERE LIFE THREATENING episode called Ludwigs Angina, ended up in a coma for 4 days, and was told if I had waited 1/2 hr longer to go to ER, I probably wouldn&#039;t have survived! I swore off all arthritic medicines for a year, except for pain medicines.  Rheumatologist understood, and after a year suggested we start back very passively as opposed to aggressively to treatment. She suggested SSZ (sulfasalazine) and I reluctantly agreed. I was told it could take up to 3-4 months before I would see any improvement. Within 3 weeks I felt like a new person, I&#039;ve been on it for a year and feel wonderful!"
"The depo is different for everyone which I have found out. The only reason I got the depo is because it was highly recommended by people who have not experienced periods while on it, did not get a period in the first month but the second month was bleeding for a full 2 months and that&#039;s been my routine ever since will not be getting the 6th shot, I have spoke to a nurse and both doctor about this and it is considered normal as you need at least 3 in your system to get used to them but I am on the 6th and no change, would not recommend"
"Been taking this for an autoimmune disorder that attacks my inner ear nerve. We&#039;re still working on determining which one. I am pretty much completely deaf in my right ear. (4%). My left one started going and I ran to a new DR. My ENT (specialized in this area) first put me on another diuretic (after steroid injections and treatments which worked, but were not a good long term treatment plan) and we noticed no improvement. Once on Diamox (generic) my speech recognition went from 72 to 88% over 2 months! Like many of you, it wasn&#039;t long before the side effects started. The tingling was immediate. But, my DR had warned me. I didn&#039;t know what to do about it, though. Until I saw your posts about Vitamin C"
"I&#039;m a 16 year old girl. I have been on tons of medicines for migrane pevention and nothing seemed to help. One day ended up in the E.R. and missed much school. When I started on Elavil 10mg seemed to do not do much but when my dose was increased to 30 mg I tend to have less frequent (2-3) migranes a week. My migraines are less intense and I&#039;m able to do my studies. The dry mouth is much less when I chew gum but I tend to be tired all the time. This medication has worked the best for me, although not perfect."
"I was told at 32 I needed a knee replacement in both knees due to a birth defect in both knees. A group of doctors wanted to try this new drug on me. At the time it was a series of 5 shots. I could barely walk and was in a lot of pain. Couldn&#039;t get out of my car and was being shocked so bad I was being thrown to the floor. I tried the injections (which isn&#039;t pleasant ) but what a blessing. The pain stopped after the 3 shot and I was back to doing all the things I loved. They lasted about 2 1/2 to 3 years. I am 52 now and about to take another round of the miracle shots. Last ones kept me going almost 4 years.  Thank you for creating it."
"Initially had Synvisc-One injected into my knee, with only slight benefit (scale of 1-10, improvement to a 4 at best).

Several months later had knees treated with the 3 injection Synvisc and it was a Godsend, on a 10 point scale the improvement has been as high as a 9!  3 months have passed and some minor pain has returned, but still maintaining a 7 on a 10 point scale."
"I have only tried the generic version of Cialis so maybe the real thing would work better, but it does nothing for me except a slight thickening of the penis. That would be fine if I were taking the drug recreationally, but I do actually need some help.

I regularly take Kamagra, which is generic Viagra, and that does work. Viagra is better, and I can get away with half the dose that I use for Kamagra, but it still costs 5 times as much. The slight difference is that Viagra swell the penis a little and possibly numbs it s little too, making you last longer.

But if I had to rely on Cialis, I would have no sex life, effectively. It must just be me, or at least ineffective for some people, because many people swear by it."
"Have been on Celebrex for a year.  Initially for TMJ issues, then picked up mild-to-moderate rheumatoid arthritis last summer.  Been on it continuously except for a couple month long steroid regimens. I wouldn&#039;t call it a miracle medicine, but it knocks my inflammation and pain back about 60%.  Certainly not as effective as the steroid, but 60% is enough to keep me fully functional and unlike the steroid, I have minimal to zero side effects with it."
"I cannot stress enough how thankful I am for this medication. I had always been a very smart kid but my drive and focus would come in very short bursts if I was interested otherwise I could not have cared less. I was prescribed 30mg of Vyvanse initially and that was upped to 50mg which I have been taking for over a year now. My grades went from a 3.2 GPA to a 4.0 within a semester. I excelled at work. I am a more alert driver. Like everyone else has said, I feel as if my thoughts are all organized the way they always should have been and I am finally able to catch up on life, which always seemed out of reach. I strongly prefer this medication over Adderall IR which I tried. There are no negative side effects except insomnia."
"Changed my life!"
"Had Tropical Sprue twice with parasites and have been suffering since 1969 Vietnam and Gulf War to the present with diarrhea, bloating, cramps, flatus, perianal fungal infections. Nothing worked accept this medication to stop the frequent loose stools and a host of other symptoms. Had every test that the GI doctors could dream up. I have taken every probiotic known and none of them have worked to reduce the symptoms. I have done every elimination diet and also been on Chinese medicine and treatments. I have used it for two courses of treatment with remarkable results, a 90% reduction of symptoms overall.  I am a retired RN."
"I have been on lexapro for a week and it&#039;s been a ride. I have had horrible side effects from the start. Really bad headaches, night sweats, frequent suicidal thoughts. It has had an opposite effect on me. My depression/anxiety are worse. I sleep way too much. I also have experienced loss of appetite while a lot of people gain weight. I&#039;ve lost 9 pounds in a week, which is really weird because my weight has been the same for years. I never really gain or lose so I know it&#039;s the medicines. I&#039;m hoping that all the bad side effects will pass. I don&#039;t want to give up on the drug yet. I&#039;m going to at least try and stick it out for a month."
"18 year old college female. I&#039;ve been medicated for 4 years now and tried concerta (which was hell) and Vyvanse (the devils drug). Evekeo was amazing at first kind of similar to Vyvanse and then it went downhill. Whereas on Vyvanse I just wouldn&#039;t eat and was depressed and spacey, this one didn&#039;t have side effects like that. But after awhile it made me incredibly mean, and didn&#039;t seem to take away the verbal impulse side of the hyperactivity. I&#039;m normally an incredibly happy person but when I&#039;m on this medicine I&#039;m a bitch to whoever over whatever for no reason at all. It did help with the focusing though."
"This medication after one day of use helped me become more productive and happier in myself."
"This is by far the worst birth control I&#039;ve ever been on! Within four months I found myself feeling irritable and crying constantly. I had heavy breakthrough bleeding and totally lost my appetite. Be wary of taking this medication, it&#039;s really not worth all the side effects."
"I got Skyla inserted 5 days ago. I think it&#039;s also helpful to mentioned I naturally miscarried last year for the first time in case anyone wants a comparison. (Skyla insertion &gt; miscarriage) I was terrified of the insertion process but it wasn&#039;t like any of the horror stories I&#039;ve read. I should say I took two ibuprofen 200mg 30 mins before. The best way to describe it is like getting a Pap smear but for an extra minute. The whole process was less than 2 mins &amp; it just felt like an intense cramp briefly. After that I went back to work &amp; didn&#039;t feel different for 6 hrs, aside from mental awareness. However, 6 hrs later I started getting bad cramps I remedied w/   sleeping through it. Now just spotting &amp; occasional mild cramps, but no regrets"
"I was originally prescribed levoflaxcin for a bad sinusitus  After a week nothing was happening. I was kept on it another week and still nothing. Then the doc gave me The sulfmeth tri.  I have been bed ridden for 7 days.  Body aches dizziness, Nausea, minor Vomiting. I literally feel like I was hit by a train.  I have 7 days left but that is it. I&#039;m done.  I will not put this crap in my body again.  It has been a nightmare."
"The medication is a very good antibiotic &amp; it really did help my situation."
"What a difference it has made in my life."
"I developed severe anxiety whIle on lutera. It was terrible."
"It worked as advertised!  Stroke free for 1.5 years now thanks to plavix"
"Great for high level stress relief, due to quitting. Works well."
"I&#039;ve have no major side effects! I&#039;m a little more prone to mild infection as with other immunosuppressants. The only side effect I have, is a strong burning sensation while injecting. This is remedied by icing the area before hand and allowing the pen to warm to room temperature immediately before injection."
"I have had negative experiences with opana ER 30 mg / and 10 mg IR  . I have had mostly all of the side effects &amp; my doctor won&#039;t listen to me"
"I&#039;m 19 and I&#039;ve been on Concerta since age 7 . It has helped me no doubt. I have never had any problems as people say above stomach problems I have never had any. The only thing is I keep eating the complete opposite of everyone else. I usually take it at 9am everyday and I notice it wearing of around 6pm. Yesterday I didn&#039;t take because I tried something. I&#039;m currently working night shift usually it&#039;s been out of my system hours before starting work. So tonight I took it 9pm even though now it&#039;s 4.30am and I&#039;ve been awake since 7am yesterday I neither show or feel any signs of being tired, drained both physically or mentally. This medication has been nothing but a Success for me."
"I got the Skyla put in October 2014. The procedure hurt like a mother but after I got home and took a nap I was fine.  Had light to spotty periods for a couple months. Now I only know when it&#039;s that time when I get my normal PMS symptoms.  I unfortunately am one of the unlucky percentage that ended up with the acne side effect which is really irritating. Thought getting of the pill I would lose weight but at first it did but it came back.  Nice not taking a pill everyday but will not be renewing this med."
"I have had 22 treatments and the last one I had in March made me so sick. Going to take my next one 06.10.09, but they make me feel better."
"I had an EF of 12 - no cause or history or heard disease.  My doctor put me on Coreg along with other meds and 6 months later, my EF is 55-60.  I have some side effects from the Coreg, mainly some weakness and occasionally some dizziness, but it is nothing compared to being in heart failure.  Very thankful my doc prescribed this med."
"It really helped me years ago when I took it for about 16 months. It was a nice break from my OCD which is pretty moderate. I had to take 200mg a day for it to be fully effective. I did gain a few pounds and takes longer to orgasm. But it all worked fine. The sad part is you do have a trade off when you take these things. The good news is you can stop taking it for a couple days and then orgasm is normal as it has a short half life. Then go right back to normal on dosage. It quit working for me after about 16 months and nothing else worked so decided to just be without it. I would try it if you need to."
"Been using this gel for about almost a month now and I can tell it works! My doctor told me to start off slow... But I didn&#039;t listen.  I use this every night and apply it during the day time if I want to make sure I have no new acne coming. Over all I can&#039;t wait to see my skin in 3 months from now."
"I was first prescribed Effexor 13 years ago and was taking 225 mg. I was on it for a few years and stopped taking when I was pregnant with my first child. I was put on Paxil (gained so much weight) and then Zoloft. I took the Zoloft off and on for years until it just wasn&#039;t working for me anymore. I was then put on Welbutrin while still taking 25mg of Zoloft. I quit smoking (had no desire to smoke) but then became suicidal. My doctor then put me back on Effexor and I currently only take 75 mg. I feel amazing. Yeah the side effects are bad, I&#039;ve gained weight (lost weight the first time I was on it), have sexual side effects, and get quite shaky/jittery if I&#039;m late on a dose. But I&#039;m finally the mom I&#039;ve always wanted to be."
"This medicine given IV at 5X the recommended adult dose, along with the skill of the best surgeon in Cleveland, SAVED MY LIFE FROM MRSA - which at 9 am looked like a spider bite on my leg and by 1 pm had developed into an orange-sized deadly cyst. I was in isolation for 6 days, coma for one, and AM GRATEFUL FOR MY LIFE! Thank you to the scientists who developed this miracle!! [And don&#039;t ignore rapidly enlarging cyst-like growths!]"
"It&#039;s great for the joints and does make it feel better, almost like the joints are floating on gel. The bad side of it is that it doesn&#039;t help with other pain you may have. So your only option for that is Tylenol."
"I&#039;ve had Kyleena in for about 5 months now. The insertion felt like a pinch and then mild period cramping, but when I returned home I had the most serious cramping I&#039;d ever had the rest of the night. I took three 200mg ibuprofen beforehand. I bled lightly for about 4-5 weeks after the insertion and since then I&#039;ve only had one period that lasted 7 days and was pretty light majority of the time. Compared to my birth control pills: CONS: My cramping is worse, my period is longer, recently have been breaking out consistently PROS: no pill to take every night, 5 years of birth control, sex drive has returned"
"I have been on Lexapro for just about 3 years. I was first diagnosed with both depression and anxiety my sophomore year of high school, after I had missed weeks of school due to these conditions. After just the first week on Lexapro I felt better. Eventually, I had to have my dosage raised as I started to feel anxious/depressed again. I&#039;m now a freshman in college, and couldn&#039;t be happier with what Lexapro has done for me. I&#039;m actually studying to be a psychiatric nurse to help people like myself, with mental disorders."
"So far so good! Day two on contrave and I&#039;m already down 4lbs. No side effects at all except I get fuller faster. Plus doctor gave me a little tip to not drink any carbination drinks while on it cause carbination makes ur tummy swell. I&#039;m one full week off carbonated drinks and before I started I lost 5lbs. So in one week I&#039;m down 6lbs! Drink lots and lots of water"
"I started Qsymia on December 1, 2015 and so far I am down 25 pounds. This medication has curbed my appetite immensely and has completely changed the way I look at food. Now I eat to live, I don&#039;t live to eat. I do have dry mouth and some occasional tingling in my feet, but nothing too bothersome. I also get some constipation, but I have GI issues from multiple auto-immune diseases, so that side effect kind of counteracts that in my favor. The only complaint is that my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it, so my current dosage runs about $130 per month; however, that a small price to pay to lose the weight. The weight loss is strictly the change in diet so far, as I really haven&#039;t gotten back to an exercise regimen yet."
"I have been using generic Ambien for several years. Works = lot of problems. Doctor gave me samples of Silenor - went to sleep right away and no side effects in the morning."
"After taking this medication for approximately 3-4 days I had wheezing and difficulty breathing.  Please be mindful of all side effects. "
"My mom died when I was 4 and last semester I always had anxiety in the background and now at 15, spring semester of &#039;08 I had some mild panic attacks and worry, nervousness, sadness and excessive shyness all day long. This medication is a life saver and I love it. They say 8 weeks for the full effect and sure it might re-balance your chemicals in 8 weeks, but give it a chance as it still takes a while after that for you to break out of your shell."
"I have been taking this medication for 30 years, and have never had a side effect or seizure. Works very well for me. No complaints. "
"I got my Mirena put inserted on October 14th. It has been 2 months and so far, it has been an amazing decision for me personally. I was very nervous for the insertion but it ended up going really well. I know some people find the insertion very painful, but I felt very low pain, only mild cramping when they put it into place, which was a huge relief as I was very nervous about the pain. The first month I had no spotting, but I did get occasional cramps which were really painful. They only lasted for about 15 seconds and they were very intense, but they would go away and come back about every 30 mins. However, now I only get mild cramps every once in a while. Its definitely worth a try, if you&#039;re interested."
"Bystolic is effective in reducing my blood pressure.  It seems to have a calming effect that I like."
"Very surprised at the negative reviews - everyone is different! I&#039;ve been on Junel for over a year and have loved it.  No weight gain or mood swings. I used to have incredibly heavy periods with painful cramping, and all of that has completely disappeared! My periods are light and short, and I honestly get about one cramp a month."
"I woke up with a cold sore..no tingling warning, went to Walgreen&#039;s in my pj&#039;s lol..I took  $20 got to Walgreen&#039;s $22.99&#039; so I had to write a check I said this must be good it was locked up.. Used it immediately, after three days its almost GONE! For me it worked and worth every cent."
"I started Phentermine 3 weeks ago after the doc advised me that my BMI classified me as &quot;obese.&quot;  Many people would probably not consider me &quot;obese&quot; in the traditional sense.  I am 6&#039;1, male, and three weeks ago I weighed in at 228 pounds.  Today, I am down to 207 pounds.  I work out with a trainer 3 times a week (but also did this before going on Phentermine, and was hitting a plateau). I am trying to get down to 185 and will probably hit it by September.  Question for everyone: My appetite completely disappeared the first three weeks, but it has now slowly started coming back ONLY in the evening (usually around 8 or 9pm).  Has anyone else experienced the hunger returning in the evenings at this stage?"
"I&#039;m 17 and I took this pill for around 2 years. Initially I started this pill to help with my heavy and irregular periods and my acne. I&#039;ve had moderate-severe acne since I was 7 and I was desperate for a change. I never completely got rid of it over two years, I&#039;d still get break outs especially on my back and chest. Little did I know that the type of progestin in this pill is not known to help acne. My gynecologist switched me onto Yaz today. However, this pill did regulate and lighten my periods but not without terrible, terrible cramps. I also started noticing hair loss over the last year but that could be due to stress. It had no effect on my mood and I didn&#039;t gain any weight at all, so that was nice."
"I would like to make a comment about Accolate.  After several different medicines years ago, this was the one that kept my asthma under control.  Over the years the price has continued to rise even with my insurance.  This past year it went up to a point I had to give it up.  It has been a nightmare ever since.  Through trial and error my doctor and I have come up with a satisfactory medicine, but nothing will ever compare to the Accolate.  I continue to wait for a generic version to come out.  I hope it is soon.  Ever since discontinuing the use of it, I have acquired bronchitis more than once.  I never used to get it."
"The absolute worst drug I have ever been on. Caused physical illness and a state of mania for a week straight - a week from hell."
"So many other reviews on here but this drug is important. I will chime in as well since it has been prescribed a little different for me. I used to wake up in a panic a couple of times a week, but it&#039;s pretty easy for me to gauge my stress level and predict which nights are going to be bad ones. I take 0.25 or 0.5 mg 1 or 2 nights a week, before 2 am or I&#039;ll be so zonked I don&#039;t respond to my alarm. It does the trick so I can fall right back to sleep after waking, instead of panicking and then ruminating for 5-6 hours, and being a mess at work and with my kids the next day. It works so well &amp; I can easily see how it would be addictive, but it&#039;s a life-changer so I am very careful."
"Ladies, and responsible gentlemen.
I was in the same boat as you so let me tell you how this WORKS WONDERS!
So here&#039;s the skinny,
My boyfriend and I had protected sex the day after my period ended October 8th, 2015 at 7:15pm. The condom broke and
Within 20 minutes I took the pill. I felt no symptoms but stress. 2 days go by I noticed slight cramping, pooping, and gas. October 12th I started slight mucusy bleeding the color of rust for 3 days. The day of my &quot;ovulation&quot; I had the worst cramp that lasted 30 minutes. It was so strong I was nauseated. But it went away 
But now, 1 1/2 weeks late to my cycle November 10th and I got a very long, heavy, period that lasted longer than my usual periods. Keep calm  it worked! SAVED MY LIFE!"
"It works. I&#039;m glad I started taking this medicine I wish I started sooner. If you really want to quit take subutex."
"Relpax works well most of the time, but occasionally it doesn&#039;t get rid of all the pain of a migraine.  It takes about 40 minutes to stop the aura and flashing lights, and begins to attack the migraine pain.  Overall it&#039;s okay. Why is it so expensive, though?  "
"Initially I started on citalopram 20 mg once a day. It was great for anxiety and my depression but I had no sex drive at all. My doctor changed me to Effexor 75 mg once a day for long term and was taking lorazepam 1mg as needed. My anxiety was not controlled. I had to take my lorazepam up to 3 times a day. Spoke to my doctor and I stayed on the Effexor but he switched me over to clonazepam 1 mg twice daily as needed. Lorazepam has a short life but clonazepam stays in your system way longer. Ever since I started on the clonazepam I feel so much better. There are days I only take 1mg at night and that&#039;s all I need."
"I suffer from anxiety and panic disorder. My stomach suffers from my anxiety and it seems that one triggers the other. After struggling for 3 days with constant nausea and running to the toilet I decided to be brave and try one 4mg wafer (I have a fear of any new medication). 
I made my husband drive into town, in case I had a reaction...so we were close to the hospital (I know...I&#039;m crazy!!). Anyway, took the little wafer and within about 15 minutes started to feel better. Last night I ate my first full meal in days and this morning I feel fine. 
Next time I won&#039;t wait as long! A great little pill to always have with you."
"After just a week, it started to exacerbate my restless leg.  It got so bad even homeopathics wouldn&#039;t work!"
"Thought this would be a perfect treatment for newly diagnosed but relatively minor hand PsA for past 13yrs. Did experience some weight loss that I attribute that to frequent and loose bm&#039;s. There was a detectable mood change but again tolerable. My worst problem was muscle spasms that started in one hip migrated to lower back and then to the other hip to the point of not sleeping. I stopped and ramped up slower which seemed to help but starting coming back. Never had any previous problem with side effects of any meds before. I have what should be good benefits working for a world class employer but plan but they would not cough up without trying the immune suppressive stuff first. Currently on sulfasalizine which seems to help enough"
"This medication is a nightmare!! Ive gotten 2nd degree burns and barely fighting for
Life today!! Horrible horrible stuff!! Not worth ur life!!"
"I am 24 and had Nexplanon put in around January of 2016. The first year was fantastic. Normal period, light bleeding. This year has been awful! I was depressed all of the time, sore boobs, feeling fluttering pregnancy movements in my belly, acne all of the time and I had a very heavy 8 wk long period before I had enough. Told my doctor to take it out ASAP. At the time of having it taken out is when my doc told me it TRICKS your body into thinking its pregnant. Thats why all of the symptoms are so terrible! I&#039;ve been 3 weeks without it and I&#039;m still working to get my energy back. Period is back to normal. Ladies, beware. Just do your homework."
"I love it!!  It really helps me stay awake during the day.  The only bad this is that my insurance will not approve it so I am unable to get it."
"Have had RLS, gotta be going on 30 years. Ropinirole 4mg (apparently max) works most of the time. Except those times when I take two because muscles make my foot spin backwards.  Hurts like hell."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for 8 months. It would work perfect for me if it wasn&#039;t for the acne. I have no mood swings, my period is normal (can be crampy for the first day, but nothing too crazy), my sex drive is normal (definitely increased compared to Yaz!), and I have been able to lose weight on it. However, it has not helped my acne at all. I think it actually makes it worse. I think I will be switching soon for that reason. I should also mention if I don&#039;t take it within an hour or 2 everyday, it totally messes up my period and I will get my period at the most random times, even when I was not on the placebo week. I remember when I first started it I got my period every other week (lasting 4-5 days each time), but that went away."
"Very effective medication.  Could not raise my T-cell count or lower my viral load until Fuzeon was added to my 2 other medications.  Now after taking Fuzeon for a few months combined with 2 other medicines my T-cell count increased and for the first time. Viral load undetectable.  Awesome medicine for me."
"Tarina protected me from pregnancy, but not without a cost. I was on this for a total of two months, two pill packs. The first pill pack had less side effects, but the second was awful. I didn&#039;t notice any mood changes or anything, but several things happened with my body: Every day on this pill (1st &amp; 2nd pack) I woke up with a hangover type headache. Excedrin helped, but at this point I was taking it every day. After my first pack, my period lasted 1 maybe 2 days (I am usually a light bleeder 3-4 days.) once I started my second pack, I got a full on period in the middle of my pack. Not to mention, I had awful stomach pains all the time. I had never had these issues with birth control prior. As soon as I got off it, I felt relief in days."
"There is no reason to hesitate with this product whatsoever. This product is the bottom line product when treating acne. I have worked as a formulator for a cosmetics company and I am trained chemistry and future physician. This product worked so well for me it has changed my life completely. I have suffered from acne since I was 11. OUT of all the products I used this is the only one that works. The best results are achieved by using it after you shower and wash your face thoroughly so the medication can penetrate."
"LOVE LOVE LOVE Mirena! I was on the pill for 6 years, which killed my sex drive. And after a while started giving me migraines, which became more and more frequent with time. Now with Mirena I am migraine-free! So nice not having to worry about either migraines OR taking a pill everyday since I am a busy medical student working crazy hours in the hospital. I knew it was time to switch and I&#039;m so glad I did!"
"Better than any other birth control I&#039;ve tried! Definite breast tenderness, but to balance that I&#039;ve went up a cup size. The first month I had mild nausea. On my second month now and no side effects, besides possibly canker sores....I&#039;ve had one the past two weeks as soon as one started healing another showed up. Since this is unusual I think its possible the two are related. Overall worth it to avoid getting pregnant!"
"I was on Gildess and it was good for the most part (experienced extremely large breasts and they are already too big to begin with!) and then the pharmacy switched to Blisovi and it made everything worse!! Even larger breasts, extreme tenderness, and so much cramping and pain! Seriously, it&#039;s like I&#039;m not even on a pill when Aunt Flo comes around. I can&#039;t wait to switch this pill!! But it does prevent pregnancy (I&#039;m hoping) so I&#039;m giving it 3 stars."
"My appointment was at 0900 this morning.  I took 1 dose of Moviprep at 1700 last night and, thereafter, 1.5 litres of water over the course of the evening.  The taste is not great but I divided the solution into 3 glasses and committed to finish each glass in one session.  To my surprise, I finished all of it in 10 mins.  It took about 1 hour to get things moving and after 4 hours, it stopped taking effect.  The next dose was taken at 0500 on the day of the appointment (today).  Same level of commitment saw it consumed rapidly and it seemed to take effect almost immediately.  Two hours later, my bowel was emitting a clear yellow, odourless liquid and within 3 hours, I had dried up.  The consultant commented on how clean my bowel was!!"
"For the first month and a half I was extremely hungry and gained weight, although I did not realize it and just blamed it on the pill. I was also very tired. Then the hunger pains went away and I started to gain my energy back so I naturally lost weight. The Acne started to go away but now almost finished with the third pack I am having a flare up. It is probably normal and I just need to give it some more time. Overall, I am very happy with this pill and I have been on a few."
"I have chronic pain issues and have for years. I am on oxycoton &amp; oxycodone. I have dealt with drug induced constipation for years. I will NOT ever take another dose of this medicine. It&#039;s been several hours since I took my first dose and I was surprised that I had a bowel movement within an hour. Regular which was nice for once, then had to go again right away.. and again.. and again, and things got softer, then went to liquid. I went to bed around 1am and was awoken with an urgency to go to the bathroom only to find that I had &quot;wet&quot; the bed by the bowel leaking while I slept for ONE hour. My bed was soaked, I was soaked. Not only was I humiliated like a child would be, but the diarrhea isn&#039;t stopping! From what I read best is yet to come!!"
"I wish I had read these reviews before trying Monistat-1. Like everyone, I normally use the 3-day or 7-day treatment but thought I&#039;d step up into more modern medicine. Within 20 minutes of insertion I was itching and burning. It&#039;s too much medicine and causes a very bad reaction.  Itching, burning, swelling, inflammation. The side effects are worse than the yeast infection itself. I&#039;m on day 2 and still feel the reaction. The burning has subsided but I still have some itching and inflammation. What&#039;s worse is: I don&#039;t know if I still have a YI because the medicine&#039;s effects are so bad!!!! I will never use this medicine again and I&#039;m passing this information on to every woman I know!"
"I used Synthroid (25, 50 or 75 for over more than 10 years, but had to use the original, not the generic because generic does not work in some people.  I&#039;ve not been operated, but for over 2 years I&#039;ve been using NatureThroid (32.5) instead which was recommended by my ND and have to say that all my side effects that Synthroid caused, had gone.  I almost lost all my hair and had terrible heart beats, headaches, joint pains, etc.  I do not have hashimoto, and really don&#039;t know if it works for people with this condition, but I tried NatureThroid and I am very happy with the results."
"Miracle drug.  My son (age 35) has had gout since he was 16.  He had gotten so bad that he literally could not get out of the house without crawling.  His quality of life was limited and I was beginning to worry about his mental state.  After 12 treatments, not only was he walking but he was able to dance with his daughter at my wedding. We&#039;re hoping for a maintenance program now. Thank You!"
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for about 3 years now. I was initially worried about it due to the bad media, but I was assured those issues had been resolved and were rare. I was put on Yaz due to my bad acne. Ever since taking it my periods have been lighter, shorter, my acne has lessened (not disappeared), and have gained no weight (at least due to the pill). I do have major migraines, but its due to an eye condition. At first I had emotional issues I believe were caused by the pill and a low sex drive. But after 3 months of use everything leveled out and was eventually better than when I started. The only problem I&#039;ve ever had was when I was taken off Yaz for about 2 months due to insurance issues."
"I was prescribed this alongside clindamycin and benzoyl phosphate gel to treat mild acne on my face. It was a dosage of 100mg for 30days. Around two weeks in my acne had improved significantly but in came in another problem , Hyperpigmentation. My face is currently 3 shades darker than the rest of my body. I went back to my dermatologist and she prescribed another antibiotic and told me to discontinue the doxycycline. The discoloration has yet to improve but its only been three days since I stopped the doxycycline. Hoping and praying the hyperpigmentation will eventually fade. I wouldn&#039;t recommend doxycycline since I believe there is a better more permanent solution for the treatment of acne"
"Breast cancer I --- began &amp; continued Aromasin for 4 years plus-shrunk tumor to be non-detectable on mammogram or high resolution scan!!

Aromosin brand no longer covered by my insurance--mandating use of generic instead.   Can only pray that the generic will work as well as brand and with the zero side effects (except for hair thinning) that brand Aromasin provided!  
 A true MIRACLE drug!!"
"It has helped with minor pains extremely well, but provides little relief for major pain (herniated disc for instance)."
"It def helped with my mania,I just feel slightly off on it but it has helped a lot I take this and celexa to help with my obsessing but the risperdal made me gain weight,I went from 120-125 to 140 I&#039;m so unhappy bout the weight gain I&#039;m going to try to switch medications&amp;will come back to this if I have 2,trying 2 find something better but this def helped my mania and doesn&#039;t make me real tired like seroquel and abilify or almost pass out like geodon"
"Used Voltaren on mild tendonitis of the elbow. Not only did it immediately reduce the pain, but it seems to be helping to speed up healing, when I am not using it, the pain seems to be getting progressively less severe"
"Took two of these at 8am then came on here to read reviews. Glad I did b/c it got me to drink a lot of water shortly after (3-4 500ml bottles) this is KEY to prevent cramping. I don&#039;t get backed up often but hadn&#039;t had a decent stool in about 3 days so was feeling pretty bloated. Ironically about 20 minutes after taking the pills I went and had a basically ideal poop, however didn&#039;t feel relieved and was still backed up.
Expecting the worst from the reviews I waited. No cramps just stomach gurgles and diarrhea. 12 hrs later still felt constip so I took one more pill (930pm) with another 3-4 bottles of water. Woke up (430am) with a bit of gas, mild cramps and a normal urge to go. DRINK WATER. 8/10 since I had to take another pill later."
"I was on Remicade infusion for 7 years,  I had wonderful results for 6 years, with PSA flares slowly creeping back in the 7th, but not unmanageable.  Rheumy switched me to Simponi.  After 2 injections, while my skin is still clear, the PSA is raging.  I am in terrible pain.  I spoke the my Rheumy once and she said to give it a chance.  Calling her again this morning.  The pain and exhaustion is debilitating and affecting every aspect of my life.
I asked he about Taltz and Cosentyx but she wanted to keep me on a TNF blocker.  I&#039;m ready for change."
"This drug is a miracle drug for me! I had no side effects whatsoever, actually felt better on the drug, it made me fell stronger while using. I cleared up my HEP after having it for over 30 years, got it with an air gun before going over to Vietnam,  Geno 3A, after a failed attempt with that horrible treatment interferon! I wouldn&#039;t recommend interferon &amp;  ribavirin,  treatment on my worst enemies! So there is hope with all the new drugs! good luck! 5.00 co pay from the drug company also!"
"I have had Nexplanon for about a month now and I&#039;ve noticed I get more irritable then I used to and a lot quicker. My moods go from 0 to 60 real fast. I haven&#039;t gained any weight or had a change in appetite. I just started my period and my cramps are pretty terrible. Much worse then normal so far."
"I am 5&#039;4&#039; female. My starting weight was 217 lbs.  I have been using  contrave for 3 weeks now.  My current weight is 200.  I was experiencing really bad headaches for the first week and went away.  I did notice my mood is a lot better. I&#039;m more relaxed.  I sleep all night.  Before I had insomnia.  I  had the hardest time going to sleep, so that would lead my having a drink at night or take some sort of sleep aid.  I would also wake 2-3 times a night and stay up at least an hour each time.  Now I sleep all night and have not had to drink or take any sleep aids. The only complaint I have is the constipation."
"Positive results, but what about the TREMENDOUS price increase over the past year and a half?"
"My pharmacy ended up switching my birth control and gave me this one. First of all I bled out for over a month on this birth control...not for me. I don&#039;t like getting my period a lot. I had severe cramps and was always tired. I don&#039;t recommend this birth control to any one. Causes very abnormal bleeding."
"So I&#039;m at work on break and I had the bright idea to go to the store and buy the Monistat3 and applied it right after now I have to go into work and my vagina is itching even worse then what it was itching before I applied it. I hope this pain is worth it."
"I started taking birth control about 4 years ago and have been on a lot since then. My doctor recommended Nuvaring for its convenience and told me that most women love it and side effects were really rare.    Within a couple weeks of taking it, I started getting SEVERE breakouts on my chest and back.  It was bizarre because never in my life had breakouts on this part of my body, and I have never suffered from more than the occasional minor breakout on my face.  I even went to a dermatologist to try to treat it because I did like the Nuvaring for the most part, but the breakouts kept getting worse, to the point they went all the way down my spine and my bellybutton.  I took the ring out, and within days it cleared up."
"Hi I&#039;ve been on orlistat now for 4 weeks had my first weigh in today as I didn&#039;t want to get weighed until I went bk to GP. I have lost 22lb it&#039;s fantastic so pleased.  I have a bit more to go. I have experienced some side effects loose stools lol but if u put the hard work in it pays off onwards and upwards"
"I feel good...not great...but better than before. I can&#039;t lose weight and I am on 40mg."
"Works good but my co-pay with Insurance is very expensive."
"48yr old on Testosterone Cypionate 200mg/ml 0.5cc injections every 10days for hypogonadism diagnosed back in 1999.  Tried Androderm for a month or so but broke me out in blisters and itchy. Been on this dosage for years. Problem last 3 days I feel fatigued and increased appetite, have been gaining weight yearly, now almost 50lbs but not muscle. Recent testing shows 9yrs older and 2 days after injection a result of 600 which should be much higher.  Also estrogen levels are now high. As men get older our bodies begin to convert more free testosterone to bound version DHT &amp; into estrogen so this isn&#039;t a surprise now I&#039;ve read about it.  "
"Prescribed to me for a stubborn UTI, after Bactrim didn&#039;t seem to work. 
Took once a day for 10 days. Had no negative side effects, but didn&#039;t clear up my UTI either."
"Good Med! Little skeptical about helping me. I have a bad habit of changing my dosages on my own. I find 200mg to be good. I take Latuda as well which is a anti-depressant booster sort of. Appetite is normal sometimes not as bad as I thought. No vomiting but diarrhea instead. I have a bad gall bladder which needs to be removed maybe why I&#039;m so loose on the stool. Stick with it."
"I was on amlodipine for 3 weeks. I stopped taking it 8 days ago. I have had and still have weakness and tightness in my arms  and shoulders. I also have a burning in my arms. I have also had flushing. Also bad stomach problems and urinary problems. Will these problems go away?"
"This medicine only stops the physical effects of my anxiety but mentally I&#039;m still suffering. So I&#039;m still suffering greatly only this time no one notices, which is alright I guess. It&#039;s not for me. But everyone reacts differently so if you need to, try it out and see if it works for you. Good luck."
"Last night I was feeling very constipated before I went to bed. So much so that I couldn&#039;t get to sleep. So I went to a store near my house and purchased this enema. I gave it to myself as soon as I got home. I then sat on the toilet for the next 45 minutes. I thought after a half an hour that it might never end. Afterwards I was able to lay down and fall right to sleep."
"I am 18 years old and I got Skyla January of 2015 (it is now October) and I absolutely love it. I had never taken any kind of birth control before and my parents wanted to put me on whatever I wanted so i did some research and got an IUD. It hurt going in but it was over in seconds. Had some cramps the first few weeks but now its october i haven&#039;t had cramps in months and my periods are pretty regular. I had a long term boyfriend and he ejaculated in me every single time we&#039;ve had sex (over 100) and I have never had a pregnancy scare. I trust Skyla completely! WOULD RECOMMEND!"
"If you have made the same mistake and did not google before treating like myself and the others who have posted here, you are in for some discomfort. I purchased Monistat 1-day ovule and inserted it on a Wed afternoon. I have tried the creams in the past and don&#039;t ever recall the feeling of fire burning anything close to this. It is now 10 PM and sleeping seems very unlikely. My ladyparts are worse than the first sign of my Yi, it&#039;s the worst throbbing and burning ever. Before I purchased the Monistat 1 my discomfort was at a 3, now it&#039;s a 6 and I&#039;m praying it doesn&#039;t worsen, the cream hasn&#039;t helped at all. I&#039;m hoping this stops soon because holy moly  I&#039;m annoyingly uncomfortable! I highly recommend wearing a panty liner and loose panties. :("
"Diagnosed at age 27. Grandfather on one side and uncles and father on the other all have gout. Used to get an attack about once every few months and took colchicine and indicid to control. Am now nearly 42 and a few months ago started taking allopurinol. I tried this 3 or 4 times over the years but immediately had bad gout attacks so was advised to stop. New GP now, started on 100mg a day.....continued attacks, then went to 200mg a day....continued attacks....now 300mg a day and continued attacks. I had a spur and a gouty bursar removed from right elbow about 6 weeks ago and Just been on 20hr flight (both may affect)and had another bad flare up left ankle and crippled last 2days. Help!!:( I get attacks in elbows, ankles, knees and big toe"
"I have struggled for years with pain from fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome.  I could not have normal relationships with family or friends and became a recluse.  The constant pain caused me to be deeply depressed and I often planned my suicide.  I wrote a will because I knew I could not live this life anymore.

I tried many antidepressants and took Dilaudid by the handfuls.  I start taking Cymbalta 13 days ago.  I no longer take dilaudid.  I am planning on giving up gabapentin.  My mood had gone a complete turn around.  I am able to function.  I am walking again, swimming.  I am laughing and for the first time in 15 years I feel Hope!"
"I actually really enjoyed taking Microgestin! I was on Loestrin for about 7 years when my insurance stopped covering it so I had to switch, I went thru gildess, Yasmin, Yaz etc. hated them all until I got on Microgestin. I never really had any side effects, no cramping, no break through bleeding. I did have some very mild weight gain &amp; anxiety throughout the time I was taking the pill but I don&#039;t attribute it Microgestin. The one thing I will say is that once I started this pill, I stopped having periods which can be a bit unsettling for some women who like that reassurance, so just thought I&#039;d put that out there. For me - as someone who had very heavy and painful periods in the past - not having periods was a godsend."
"I recently got horrible cystic acne on my back out of nowhere so I went to a dermatologist and was prescribed Solodyn along with Evoclin Foam cleansing cloths. After about 2 weeks of taking Solodyn I experienced extreme stomach pain and frequent trips to the bathroom. I lost about 8 lbs. After a couple more weeks the stomach pain went away and my back cleared up completely by the end of the pills. However, after stopping it, my face started to break out with little bumps on my forehead and my face was perfect beforehand. I dont know if this is due to stopping Solodyn."
"I am 40 years old and suffering with hot flushes and menopouse related symptoms. Only I can say Angeliq is great! I an a normal human being now."
"I love the NuvaRing. I started on after my son was born 6 years ago. Its easy to use, gentle to put in and remove, doesn&#039;t move at all while in there, and I never ever feel it during sex. After I started using it for about 3 years straight, I came off for 2 years as my Fiance was out of the country. I just started back June 2013, and love it even the more now. It doesn&#039;t decrease my sex drive, and although I am newly married, I have to admit my sexual desire has increased. With every birth control there are bouts of Sadness and anxiousness, but you distract yourself by watching great movies and eating popcorn, not tons of goodies which probably increases weight gain. I have never attributed weight gain the the Nuva Ring, but my own diet."
"I was having quite a bit of stress that was job related. I was put on 10mg a day and this dose works great for me. I experienced yawning, more frequent urination and dry mouth in the beginning. I cannot say enough about this medicine. It has helped me immensely with very few side effects. I have had some difficulty reaching orgasm but do not have any issues with libido. I feel anyone dealing with depression/anxiety should give this medicine a shot. I myself read the reviews and was so optimistic that it would do wonders for me like it did for many others after I had done my homework. I consider this to be a miracle."
"I have Myasthenia Gravis. Normally well controlled. An infusion of sotalol immediately set off a Myasthenic crisis. It also counteracted almost everything I was taking. Heart rate went to 40 and leveled off at 46. BP went to 226/120. Diaphragm was paralyzed, Thirty minutes later my blood sugar went to 226. No spontaneous respirations. All this with only 1/4 dose. I had to use a BiPap for the nest several days."
"It made me more nervous than usual. It is less stimulating than Adderall IR. I decided to switch to Ritalin."
"This pill is a miracle.... I do 3 public speeches a week....with out being nervous...Try it"
"I have PCOS with mennoraghia (long heavy menstrual bleeding) I have suffered since I was 13 years old. Depo and Norinyl never worked. This is the only birth control that has worked for my condition. I gained117 lbs on depo and 73 on Norinyl I haven&#039;t gained an ounce on Sprintec. I am very pleased with Sprintec!"
"Poison ivy: I&#039;ve been using the clobetasol gel for canker sores on my mouth for years!  I put some on as soon as one starts to develop and after a couple of applications (especially before bed) they do not develop.  All of my family and friends that get canker sores also use it with the same success that I have!"
"I&#039;m on alot of various meds. I normally take my Greens from &quot;It Works&quot; to get 12 servings of fruits and veggies, 32 herbs, vitamins and superfoods. However I have the Worst case of Fibro. So if I&#039;m having a bad flare up for a few days, I only eat once and it&#039;s pasta. This combined with all of my meds totally backs me up! I&#039;ve tried suppositories once and did NOT like it! I&#039;ve used Dulolax in the past and loved the results that I received. So since I needed some relief so I can get back to normal, I took the 3 pill maximum with a full glass of water. It worked beautifully! I was holding onto 3 lbs of fecal matter! NO cramps with plenty of water! "
"Horrible experience!!!! Had the mirena for 10 months with longer than normal periods. I had bleeding every month for close to 2 weeks each month. Finally decided to have my gyno remove it. It&#039;s been out for a week and half and I have been bleeding for 7 days. This is not normal bleeding. Very heavy bleeding with large clots. Some almost the size of a golfball. I&#039;ve read a lot of forums from people and this has happened to ALOT of people. This is something that nobody warns you about. Please do your research before you choose this drug. It&#039;s not worth it!"
"I have taken Topamax for the last 8 months as a mood stabilizer. It has worked great, not only has it helped with my moods, but it also helped me lose more than 30 lbs without struggling to lose it. It was easy and great. I am happy again and I don&#039;t feel like I want to chew off everyone&#039;s head when I start to get irritable or around &quot;that time of month&quot;. It&#039;s been a life saver."
"Especially good for helping you stay asleep!  The problem is that I slept 12 hours straight and most of the next day.  I didn&#039;t really have an issue staying asleep before- my issue is more with relaxing/ going to sleep at appropriate times.  So, if you have a lot of trouble staying asleep, this definitely works.  No terrible side effects, was just very sleepy.  If you really need the sleep, go for it!"
"Nine months on Gileyna. I am thrilled that I do not have to take a daily Copaxone injection. No side effects, no relapse, no indication that it does anything. I guess that means it is doing its job. All of the DMDs are expensive!"
"Longer acting steroid option.
Gained weight and anxiety."
"I had been on Yaz for close to a year and was using the Bayer card program to get my refills for $25. With the intro of Beyaz into the market, Bayer no longer offers the discounted price for Yaz, so my OBGYN switched me over so I could continue to use my savings card. Since Beyaz is the EXACT same as Yaz, just with folate, I expected to feel no different. SO WRONG! I am SO moody on Beyaz, fine one day and insane the next, crying for no reason, terrible all day headaches, and breaking out. I was NEVER like that on Yaz! Luckily my pharmacy has kept both prescriptions active so I can switch back to Yaz and just buy the generic. I miss paying $25 but I will pay $59 to be sane."
"I received my 1st shot a week after giving birth in 2015, I bled the entire 1st month then it stopped completely. So overall I loved being on the shot, I am very petite so I enjoyed the little weight gain, BUT it did decrease my sex drive. I also began having slight headaches maybe once a month, which caused me to finally switch birth controls after 2 years. But I did love the shot overall an I recommend it, especially if you&#039;re practicing abstinence!"
"I have a hard time staying asleep.  This drug has worked wonders. I sleep through the night and no hangover effects like I experienced with Ambien.  I wake up refreshed and ready to start a new day."
"I have been on DepoProvra for about 10 years on and off. Too long according to my new OBGYN, and he suggested Mirena since I am not ready to cut the ties just in case I decide to have children in the future lol. I have a 13 and 10 year old lol.... But after insertion I had cramping and mild bleeding for 2 days. I have not had any bleeding since then. It has been almost a month! The side effects I am experiencing are breast tenderness, and increased libido. The shot killed that lol. I love it so far and I am very happy."
"Simply put, it works.  I had taken tetracyclene previously for years, along with Metrogel, with limited results.  As soon as I started with Oracea (prescribed by dermatologist) my rosacea symptoms disappeared.  The downside of course is the cost.  I have an HSA so it&#039;s all out of pocket until my deductible is met; but I pay because it&#039;s worth it.  I&#039;ve also found the generic is only slightly less expensive but the good there is it works just the same as Oracea there have been no differences in effectiveness.  On a somewhat different note, I went in for an eye exam and my opthmologist told me Oracea was a ripoff and a marketing gimmick and all I had to do was take a low dose of doxy twice a day with the same effect for a fraction of the cost."
"Helped with my recovery from being in Iraq."
"This stuff is magical, it works really really well. Although my skin dried out and went red occasionally, this was solved with a bit of E45 moisturiser in the morning after my Duac at night. WARNING: DO NOT GET IN EYES OR ANY OTHER MUCUS MEMBRANES(lips, mouth etc.) I didn&#039;t take any notice and put it NEAR my eyes (just on the bags underneath the eye) and it dried out my eyes the next morning, having eye drops for 3 days. But, if the instructions are followed correctly, Duac is great."
"Severely inflamed Achilles tendons, rotator cuffs issues plus slipped disc pain in the neck. The past 3.5 years my life has been about pain all over. No-one would listen. Went to see a podiatrist and he prescribed Cymbalta 60mg. Felt much better the first day. However had 2 days on being constipated. Now, I can walk without pain. My whole body is more relaxed and I teamed the Cymbalta with an anti-inflammatory vitamin mix. I was recently told by my chiropractor that my body is very hyposensitive and swollen. So yes feeling much relieved."
"My Dr. has me on an Opiod for severe spinal pain, which has caused severe constipation!  So he prescribed Amitiza, 24 mcg 2x&#039;s a day, well now I am not sure I will continue taking it.  When I first began taking Amitiza it worked great, so my Dr. wrote up a script for it.  Well, now it hardly works at all!  Constipation is nearly a daily situation for me and a painful one at that, I am miserable and frustrated!  It has also messed up my appetite, I can barely eat food and when I do, it makes me nauseated and my tummy hurts as well.  I am sick to my stomach if I eat and if I don&#039;t eat.  I feel sick from an overload of toxin build up (maybe I am imaging that a bit)!  It is pretty messed up when you fear eating and fear not eating!?"
"I am not only trying to help my depression but I&#039;m trying to find something to help my ADHD symptoms. ... my psychiatrist said this would help as a non stimulant because I am really sketchy about trying adderall or something similar.   Well my experience with Venlafaxine was that I developed twitches! Involuntary twitching is incredibly annoying. ... so back to fluoxetine.  I did feel more focused... but the twitching is not tolerable enough for me"
"I was not looking forward to doing the Prep.  I read most of the other reviews and they gave me some great tips.  After mixing the Suprep with the water, I poured it into 3 small glasses and started by holding my nose and sipping the straw.  Cold Water is a must and fresh Lemon slices to bite on after each drink through a large straw worked great!!  I also had some flat Ginger Ale that I would take a sip and swish around my mouth and then spit out.  That seemed to help with taking the next small glass until finished!!  I didn&#039;t eat much solids for 3 days so I had a very easy ending!!!   I have one more bottle to take and I&#039;m hoping it goes as well as just now.  It only took about 15 minute for it to work and all done within 1 1/2 hrs."
"What&#039;s worse than having to take this stuff?  Having to take the second dose!!!!  I got 3/4 of the second dose down before intense gagging.  NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!  The taste is like disgusting grape cough medicine.  After starving all day, the overfull feeling of this plus the extra water you have to drink in the hour is terrible."
"I only took this pill for 5 days and it ranked up there to be the worst five days ever. I started taking this after 9 months of no birth control pill, but my periods and cramps were so bad I decided to go back on the pill. My doctor decided to switch brands because with the last pill I was on I had a lot of breakthrough bleeding. So I started Blisovi and within 24 hours I was moody, irrational and not feeling like myself. As the week continued I could not get control of my emotions, crying was constant and I began to feel very depressed. I called my doctor and she said to stop taking it immediately. Never again! I felt like I was possessed!"
"Additional Comments about IMPLANON: I decided on implanon because my periods were so painful I couldn&#039;t walk around without a hot water bottle pressed to my stomach and had constant chunks bigger than sandwich pickles. For a week, sometimes two I would be house and bed ridden which was effecting my working life. I have had a dry mouth since a couple of days after the implant and the first week I did have some dryness downstairs but I added extra things like nuts to my regular diet to promote vitamin E and oils to my skin and body. With the extreme bleeding side effects I think anyone who gets implanon just so they don&#039;t forget the pill and complains is just ridiculous. With all the complications you need to be aware of what you are gambling. I had 4 periods in 6 weeks previous to getting the implant put in so I felt like I had nothing to lose by gambling on the hopes that implanon would maybe fix or regulate my already wacky and heavy painful cycle. There are plenty of other forms of contraception for those who cannot deal with the idea that it effects everyone differently and you don&#039;t just get what you want from it. It&#039;s not a present its a means to an end for those who are willing to risk the chance of those side effects."
"Have had great blood pressure readings ever since I started taking Enalapril.  However, I have had severe coughing.  I may need to find another blood pressure med.  My coughing interrupts my sleeping and causes me to vomit on occasion.  Nobody can stand to be around me!"
"I absolutely LOVE this birth control. After having one baby, and always forgetting the pill, I decided I needed to get on something that I didn&#039;t have to remember everyday. I didn&#039;t want an IUD, because I didn&#039;t feel like getting anything inside. I decided to get this. Boy am I happy! I haven&#039;t had any weight gain, no unusual mood swings, and the best periods I&#039;ve ever had in my life! Barely anything, I don&#039;t even have to use tampons. I understand all women are different, but I advise someone that&#039;s looking for simplicity, and maybe someone that is very forgetful, to try this out. Insertion is virtually painless, might as well give it a try."
"very helpful for me. Some anxiety the first couple of months but none now. I havent breathed this well in years and have the results to prove it."
"I ended up in the ER with diverticulitis and was given Cipro and Flagyl. Yes the taste is bitter and things don&#039;t taste so good. However, despite the taste, I have gotten significantly better with the two medicines and that is the main thing for me. As with any medicines some of us will experience different side effects if any, but if this is one of them, this is very minor. I did not experience the nausea or a lot of other ones I read about with these medicines."
"IBS?    DO NOT TAKE should be the warning on this label.   6 hours after you take it.   Cramps...diarrhea...nausea.  Not worth it!"
"Used it to combat Prostate infection.  Did nothing to help."
"My ENT physician has put me on this antibiotic for Infectious mononucleosis (mono or glandular fever), at first I thought that I was just going to die. On top of the Mono symptoms, the Cleocin made me nauseous, stomach swelled. Doctor suggested taking medication with a bit of soft drink, and it did work. After 7 days of this I would do it again. I have had Mono twice before, and no not from kissing. I have a low immune system, I wish I had this with the other bouts of illness."
"I have used Avonex for about a month now, to treat my MS.  I have a mild case, and symptoms are not too severe.
I appreciate the once-a-week injection (hate needles) but am feeling the side effects.  I use the Tylenol PM when I take the injections and that does seem to help.  We take the injections on Thursday, and I am able to work from home on Fridays.  I am very tired, but usually better by Saturday.  I definitely recommend this based on the once-a-week injection vs the daily or every-other day injection of the other choices for MS. Good Luck."
"At first, I didn&#039;t have any problems with this. No nausea, no weight gain, there wasn&#039;t really a change in the amount of acne I had. I was told it would help reduce cramps and amount of blood during my period, but it actually did the exact opposite. Cramps were horrible, my stomach was quite swollen, and the length of my period was increased and the blood flow was horribly heavy. I was told it could happen on occasion, but it was rare, so it&#039;s a bit unfortunate I had that reaction to it. At least it prevented pregnancy."
"I was prescribed this medication after years of IBS-D.  I was in the restroom all the time, sometimes 22 times a day.  All my tests colon oscopy, MRI, CAT, ultra sound all clear.  I was excited there was something might actually give me my life back.  Day 1 I didn&#039;t see a difference just bad cramps, Day 2 about a 25% difference in bathroom trips but still cramps, Day 3 cramps and pain in right side off and on, Day 4 Severe Pain in right side and vomiting. Stopped taking immediately and contacted Doctor.  Medication caused severe spasms in my gallbladder, It&#039;s now been 7 days still in extreme pain and waiting for referral for ultrasound to see if I need my Gallbladder removed.  What I thought would give me my life back made everything worse."
"My son started this at 20 months old
It kept his asthma completely under control all winter (virus induced) 
He has grown over half a foot in the past 9 months so it does not stop growth. I think that other lady&#039;s kid just hadn&#039;t hit puberty"
"I had my Nexplanon put in February of 2013. I had normal periods Feb-April and then nothing until July. Then it lasted about 10 days, which is long for me. I didn&#039;t have a period or any spotting at all until now in March 2014. It&#039;s been about a week now so I&#039;m curious to see how long it will last. I&#039;ve gained about 5-8 pounds but it could be other environmental factors. My acne has flared up during this period but I&#039;ve never had great skin and it&#039;s not worse than normal. I like Nexplanon quite a bit, the rod never bothers me and it&#039;s very convenient to not have to take a pill."
"I had been on generic trileptal for years it worked great for mood stabilization . No weight gain or major side effects until I received a different generic version then my iodine levels were terribly low and I lost a ton of weight and felt awful . My dermatologist discovered this because my primary care Dr ran tests and couldn&#039;t figure this out. Years later I&#039;m back on trileptal 900mg , my mood is great yet now I&#039;m having hair loss . My hair is thin all ready . I&#039;m done with this medicine. It&#039;s unfortunate because it works well for moods . Hair loss will defiantly have me depressed .  Not worth it."
"Started having symptoms of a yeast infection 2 nights ago. Woke up yesterday with full blown symptoms. Itching, discharge, irritation. Used the monistat 1 at about 5 p.m. Less than 24 hours later no symptoms. Love this stuff and highly recommend it. Had a little abdominal pain after insertion but only for a few minutes. Just a little pink discharge after too but thats totally gone. Will definitely use again if needed."
"This medicine has changed my life! I feel like I am living life again instead of surviving. I used to wake up every day fearful of everything. It was so bad that I had to take 6 weeks off work. This medicine has changed me. I wake up every morning happy and very energized. I started taking this medicine in April of 2017 and its the best decision I have ever made. I was always skeptical of taking medicine but I am so glad I decided to."
"This product is AMAZING !! I am a 13 year old and I have been sweating a lot since 6th grade. I told my mom a week ago that I cant take sweating anymore. So embarrassing in school. No one really notices me sweating because I would always wear a jacket even in the summer time! So I called my doctor and she told me she would prescribe Hypercare. Well I used it the first night and wow the nest morning I didn&#039;t sweat a bit. I can wear any color now but every night I put it on it burns or itches but mostly itches. It&#039;s worth it trust me. So thank you so much Hypercare and yes I do recommend it to anybody who sweats a lot."
"Helps my depression very well. Keeps me leveled out. Calms me down."
"For everyone that&#039;s bleeding alot... Try using Nuvaring with the Nexplanon! That was my only complaint but now I love it and am going to continue using both birth controls."
"I&#039;ve been taking it for a while now, and my blood pressure has dropped from 180/100 to an average of 138/70.  I haven&#039;t lost a lot of weight (some, but not a lot) and my diet wasn&#039;t particularly unhealthy to begin with.  (My BP trouble is about 80% genetic, 20% the extra weight I carry) I&#039;m pretty sure it&#039;s the Avalide, so this is good stuff.  I wish it were cheaper though; I don&#039;t have insurance, and I&#039;m paying $100/month for it. "
"No side effects. Takes a little to ease the pain in right leg and back. Do not eat at the same time you take pill, it has a bitter taste."
"Okay so I started taking Paxil a few months ago for anxiety, only 10mg. For the first little bit it was weird, my body felt different and I couldn&#039;t eat much, my bowel movements became very irregular. I felt like it was maybe working. I became very tired (I&#039;ve always been a late sleeper) but it was hard to get out of bed, my thoughts were constantly negative, especially when I would be alone or driving alone. I had a constant headache i didn&#039;t want to do anything. I worked out a little bit in the duration but not much. I Couldn&#039;t decide whether I should stop or take more and I stopped. It&#039;s been about 2 weeks now and I&#039;m starting to feel better and more positive, but still anxious"
"I was terrified to do it but couldn&#039;t stand running to the bathroom twice per hour anymore. My injections wereworst case scenario as I owed out the lidocaine. Out of 20 injections I didn&#039;t feel 10 at all. The other 10 hurt but it was fast and 48 hours later my life had changed. I highly recommend this but do research on your urologist. How many does he/she do? What&#039;s the rate of needing a straight cath post procedure? What&#039;s his/her failure rate? Find someone good and then do it of nothing else worked. Life changing!"
"I started this birth control maybe a year/ a year and a half ago and everything was great. I was spotting around the first month and then my schedule was back on track. The pill didn&#039;t make me gain any weight or give me any other side affects. At first I had very light periods that would last around 3 days tops. then later on, I stopped getting my periods all together. At first i just shrugged it off and didn&#039;t think much about it, but I still haven&#039;t had an actual period. I had gotten spotting like last month but for like a day or two and that was it. I&#039;m not pregnant and have no other explanation for these issues. I plan on getting into contact with my doctor. Other than my missed periods I have experienced no other complications."
"I am 30, never had children, and can handle a lot of pain. I have always had very painful periods , I am very sensitive to hormone changes. I love my OBGYN ! She is great and fast. That being said it took two try for her to put my IUD in. The first time she had to send me home with a prescription to soften my cervix and I was on the end of my period. It is just a very stubborn cervix, she doesn&#039;t like to be touched. It was extremely uncomfortable to say the least!!!!!!!!! Both times. However totally doable. The second time we got it in just fine. I had some major cramping but nothing i am not already use too. I was a bit lite headed , my Doc told me that would happen. I was fine after a few minutes though and could walk out just fine. I cramped for the rest of the day. The first time my husband and I had sex everything went fine. However 30 to 45 minutes later I started to have extreme discomfort and cramping. Four weeks later and I am spotting constantly, extreme cramps, Tender sore swollen breast and incredibly bloated. I see my doctor in 2 more weeks. I sincerely hope the side effects go away. Because three years without having to take birth control would be nice. If they don&#039;t I will have to have this removed I am in constant pain in discomfort."
"I was on Sprintec birth control that was great and then my pharmacy switched me to Estarylla. I started taking it and I have been so nauseous and vomited twice last night. I also had to stop my work out at the gym because I thought I was going to pass out or vomit. I do not recommend taking this BC if it has any of the same effects as it did to me!"
"I&#039;m 21 years old with my first UTI. My symptoms started on Saturday (constant urge to go, lower abdominal pressure/cramps, and an extremely uncomfortable urge to continue voiding even after I was done, and dark yellow/brown urine) went to the doctor yesterday(Wednesday) and was prescribed a 7 day prescription to bactrim. My symptoms seemed to dissipate within hours (was still feeling them just not as severe) I&#039;ve taken 3 doses and all my symptoms have stopped and I can have full voids. Not feeling any side effects From the medication, but glad to be feeling better. Urine was still sent in for a culture. Been drinking lots of cranberry juice and water at my doctors recommendation to &quot;flush&quot; everything out. Feel much better"
"It&#039;s my first month on it and so many things have gone wrong . Firstly I got my first yeast infection because of it secondly I get the worst mood swings and depression like no other. I&#039;m trying to hold out they say your body is getting use to it but I don&#039;t think I will continue I&#039;m at the end on the white pill and haven&#039;t gotten my period yet. Oh yea and to top it off I also got more acne and back /chest pain"
"The nasal spray is amazing, pills no where as good. Insurance wants you to try the pill first. The spray is a miracle."
"Never had UTI before but I heard it was awful. When I got it didn&#039;t notice symptoms until 2 days later. Lots of blood in my urine so I went to a minut clinic and was prescribed Nitrofurantoin. After the 3rd day all symptoms were gone. The side effects were bad: nausea, vomiting, and loss of appetite. I think maybe the strength was too high but the urinary tract infection is gone so that&#039;s all I care about."
"I used Minocin for about 20 years (16 - 36 years approx) which controlled my acne perfectly. Before I started taking this I had very, very severe acne, huge boils and spots all over my back and face but this seems to cure it. I was very lucky - I had no side effects apart from bad stomach if I took too many."
"I was on this for maybe 6 months 2 years ago. I went from 121 to 184 in less then 3 months. I was eating constantly even after I had dinner I would be hungry 15 minutes later. If your doctor wants you to take this DON&#039;T. It&#039;s easy for the weight to come but harder to make the weight go away."
"SO MUCH PAIN! 
In the last 2 years I have suffered with a brain tumour so have been in a LOT of pain to the point of morphine everyday for a year. Then I had brain surgery...but the pain from this pill came pretty close!! In serious pain to the point of blacking out hot and cold shivers and just sat in pain feeling like trapped wind/indigestion it&#039;s just.. Ahhhh!!!! Don&#039;t take this!!!"
"Ok so I&#039;m 18 and about a week ago I had a UTI, and got treated for it. Took the antibiotics that were prescribed to me and all of the symptoms went away. A few days letter I started experiencing this insane itch that would not go away. I called my doctor and she advised me to take Monistat 3. Yesterday was my last day taking it and it kinda got better but not completely. As I was told by my doctor, if the symptoms do not go away by the third day, continue to use to external cream. I just got out of the shower and put the cream on and the itch is worse than it has ever been!!!!! I had to go and wash it all off. I don&#039;t know what to do!!! HELPPP"
"I&#039;ve had my Nexplanon for two months now. No weight gain, no mood swings (which is why I switched), no periods. I&#039;m usually extremely sensitive to side effects and the ONLY thing bad I&#039;ve encountered is constant spotting... just a little here and there when I wipe. But for not having periods or craziness, I can handle it."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon since August 2014. I had a period for a few months, which was annoying! Then I started to have normal to heavy periods and I never knew when they would come. But, I knew when I was about to start a period. I started breaking out EVERYWHERE! I would get headaches, increased appetite, which made me gain weight, I would have mood swings and not feel like myself, and I would even get tender breast and nausea. When I&#039;m bleeding, it last for up to 10 days and it&#039;s super heavy. I never know when it&#039;ll end and I never know when it&#039;ll start. I even spot between periods. This birth control SUCKS! And I would never recommend it to anyone. The only good thing about it is not getting pregnant. I cannot wait to get it removed!"
"Absolutely recommended if your body does not like SSRIs.  
This medicine has helped me AMAZINGLY--before taking it, I was experiencing ridiculous mood swings going between anxious and having panic attacks to depressed and crying. This medicine has given me my life back. I am no longer trapped in the hole of depression and my anxiety, while still present, has gone from being this massive panic to contained, manageable, and approachable anxiety. 
Bupropion (Wellbutrin) is a stimulant, and because of this, it does make you feel stimulated. I&#039;ve noticed some muscle weakness, but that&#039;s it. I switched to xl and I&#039;m not sure how I like it yet--it seems like the releases are kind of random. Take early if you can so you can sleep! :)"
"This did nothing to relieve my back pain or migraines. It was useless an a waste of money."
"Me and my boyfriend had a mishap and the condom slipped inside and he finished in me. This was thursday september 29. I took plan b in 45 minutes on the same day and the next day i felt cramps and extreme mood swings. I had my last period at sept 5 so i expected it to come anytime soon but i was over thinking and reading reviews from here makes me feel better. on monday i got cramps and tuesday night i had brown spotting, i was scared it might be implantation , but today october 05 i got my period! This pill works but i have never had period cramps this bad. Just have to deal with it, better than having unwanted pregnancy. Chill ladies, it works . :) lots of love!!"
"Started taking it today, 1.5mg, hour later headache,  blurred vision. Dizzness, hate it"
"I just read the above comment about the lady feeling &#039;90&#039;. I am 45 and I too have had 6 rounds of chemo and a bi-lateral mastectomy January 2014. I couldn&#039;t take tamoxifen and monthly injections of zoladex were too painful and caused me numerous side effects. In June this year I had an oopherectomy which obviously has now pushed me post menopausal and I am taking letrozole 2.5 mg. and I feel like the lady above, like an old woman. Short of breath, exhausted, weepy, achy, no energy! Yesterday I was so exhausted after work at 4pm I was worried I wouldn&#039;t make it home as driving was scary I couldn&#039;t focus on the road! The tiredness has been so awful I have no longer being going out socially. It&#039;s ruined me."
"My doctor prescribed me Levaquin, 750 mg for 7 days) after amoxycylin didn&#039;t do the trick. I had the sinus infection for almost a month at this point, and was willing to try anything. I took the Levaquin with prednisone the first night, and had an intense anxious reaction to the combo - my pharmacy recommended I stop the prednisone, so I did. The anxious feeling subsided, and within 12 hours, I could feel my head pressure go away. However, on the second day, and until now (on the 5th day) I&#039;ve slowly felt new side effects. Mainly, fatigue, achy knees and shoulders, and I wake up in the morning feelig like im burning from the inside out. I would recommend to help sinus infections,  but warning, the side effects are real. Hoping they go away!"
"This drug works exceptionally well for me.  Within 2 hrs my migraine is gone.  I&#039;ve suffered for years and can&#039;t believe what a difference this medication makes in my quality of life."
"I&#039;ve had depression since I was a young teenager. I didn&#039;t decide to get treatment until I was 24. I felt like I was unraveling. I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed. I lost interest in all the things that I once loved to do. I had problems with drugs and alcohol. Sleeping problems. The whole nine yards.

The medication that my doctor decided to put me on was Seroquel XR. I was a little apprehensive at first, being a drug user for many years, I knew what Seroquel was. My doctor assured me that in a controlled and carefully watched environment, she believed it would help. She started me on 50 mgs. I&#039;ve moved to 150 mgs. I&#039;ve had drastic positive changes in my mood. I feel happy, rested, and content. No negative side effects. It worked miracles."
"I&#039;m a medical doctor (anesthesiologist), and also I&#039;m a scuba diver, I was having strong problems of motion sickness, at one point just seeing the boat and  I was in a motion sickness state. I started taking MAREZINE one pill the night before and another 1 hour before going on the boat and since then I&#039;ve never had motion sickness."
"Iv&#039;e struggled with acne for years now.Once I started using Acanya, Ziana, and Solodyn, I can see a huge difference with my face . I had really bad acne and you could clearly tell it was there. I tried everything you could possibly think of and so far these products are the only ones that have been helpful. I would recommend seeing a dermatoligist if you have bad acne, they will most likely give you these products.Just wanted to share my experience, hope you find help with it."
"I have had all 3 shots and my knees feel good, NO pain. The shots were spread out 3 weeks in a row, the 2nd week it hurt some but not as bad as the Knee pain I had. I can tell you how nice it is not to have pain."
"I started on Votrient May 4, 2013.  I take it at bedtime, which has really helped.  I took it for about 24 days back in December, during the day, and side effects were far worse.  So far, the side effects are more tolerable than Sutent. I do have high blood pressure and low platelets, but doctor is doing labs weekly.  Some days the side effects are worse than others.  I went to 800 mg last week and have more fatigue.  I pray it works for my lung tumors as I have heard it has for others."
"After many surgeries beginning in 3003 with bilateral mastectomies, then 7 rib pain from broken surgeries on my right leg/knee I have had to use many pain medications and have now been left with one leg longer, residual shingles nerve pain, rib pain. Hydrocodone has proven to be adequate to handle the different types of discomfort left after any and all treatment is now done.  I have had good results from this particular generic.  Others used, Activis, Watkins, have caused irritability, severe itching of the scalp and face without rash and less control over the pain and aching.  Quality of life is so important."
"I&#039;ve had it for 1 year. I bleed for 1 month straight starting the day after it was inserted. My hormones was out of whack. I was irritable, moody! My face broke out in NASTY pimples on my face chest and back. (I&#039;m on prescribed acne medicines now) but overall no pregnancy. My moods balanced out, eventually. My cycle comes once a month, it&#039;s really light, but last 10-14 days."
"I have generalized anxiety disorder. Before I was prescribed Klonopin I was at the verge of losing my job, house, even my family. I couldn&#039;t stop worrying, stressing and overwhelming myself. I had no energy to even play with my kids. Once I started taking this medicine it brought me back to living and enjoying life, family, even performing better at work. I really recommend this medicine if you have generalized anxiety disorder, it works like a miracle."
"I have had fibromyalgia for 12 years and have been on high doses of morphine,durogesic patches, methadone, and many other narcotics. I am now on 225mg of lyrice twice a day and low doses of opana. I feel like a new person, never though it would every happen.  I feel like a did years ago and I am 63 now but am able to do most of the things I was able to to before the fibro hit me. I can&quot;t work my old job as an RN but I can do most things. Some days are better than others but this is a great drug."
"I started to take Paxil 12years ago. I was getting depressed because of my panic disorder. I have been on Xanax for many many years and my doctor added Paxil. 30mg a day in the morning. I have never had a side effect not even weight gain and I know this can cause weight gain. It works great for me for my depression and my panic attacks. Would highly recommend this drug. I am a skinny person anyway, because of my panic but I never had any side effects. Good luck all."
"Tried the 145 and the 290.  I am so disappointed that neither worked."
"My cat was given Buprenex oral after surgery.  I&#039;m assuming it worked on his pain but now that he&#039;s off of it he&#039;s &quot;seeing ghosts in the house&quot; and slinking around in fear.  Hallucinations are one of the side effects.  Just letting other pet parents know what can happen.  I&#039;m sure it will wear off but for now it&#039;s just upsetting to watch."
"I started taking florinef a few months ago and while I haven&#039;t noticed a difference, I believe it is keeping my symptoms from progressing. Before I went on it my body was on a downward fall but as soon as I started taking it everything was stable. It has made me gain about 5-10 pounds of water weight but it&#039;s not too bad. This drug along with my other medicine allows me to live my life better."
"Good"
"My vet gives this drug to my dog. He has C.H.F because of this he has been able to breath better and can now sleep better. Before he would cough blood and fluid."
"Was on various birth control pills, last one being Loestrin. Very moody, 15 lb. weight gain, acne (I NEVER breakout). I&#039;ve been on Generess for about 4 months and it has been great. I actually LOST weight, my skin is back to being clear and my mood swings are very mild. Besides mild break through spotting at times, I have been very pleased with the results of this birth control."
"Fioricet is truly a wonder drug. I&#039;m had migraines since I was 15 (27 now) and if you take it right when the headache starts, lay down for 30 minutes, you&#039;ll feel rejuvenated. BUT, Fioricet can cause rebound headaches (headaches that one gets when they are used to taking a medicine for a while), so while it may be hard to just take one pill when your head is throbbing and you have things to do, it will pay off in the long run. So try to alternate with other medicines in there so your body doesn&#039;t get used it. Because I rebounded from Fioricet which means I have chronic daily migraines = no fun. In conclusion, great medicine. "
"Gave it to my daugher (4 yrs.), couple of days later, she had hives allover her body, and hands swollen real bad. She had an allergic reaction to this medicine. Wish I read the reviews before."
"I&#039;ve been on adipex for 11 months now and I&#039;ve dropped 117 pounds! I didn&#039;t exercise only took the pill and cut out everything bad (even though it taste good, doesn&#039;t always make it healthy for you) eating wise. Sugar, flour, bread, pastas, FASTFOOD, and even eating after a certain time. I started eating healthy snacks every two hours, ( egg whites, cottage cheese, bag of steamers vegetables, lots of chicken, belvita snacks, carrots and peanut butter etc,and drinking lots of water! Do this and I promise you&#039;ll drop weight immediately."
"Can&#039;t  live without it"
"This drug works wonders!!! I suffered from cystic acne for 4 years and lots of blackheads on and around my nose. I have been on accutane for 3 months now and I can officially say I&#039;m acne free! It took about 2 months to really start seeing results. Just stay with it ya&#039;ll! you will not regret it. As for side effects, they are tolerable."
"I just have to write this because what people told me seems to be right. People only come on these sites to complain. So I&#039;m here to give a positive review. I just finished my first dose of suprep and ran through the runs that go along with it. I did feel nausea about half way through the dose but it fades quickly once I started drinking slower. It kicked in in about an hour and lasted for about 2 hours. After the initial nausea passed I had no issues whatsoever. It did its job. It didn&#039;t give me cramps or headache.

Also the taste really isn&#039;t terrible. I&#039;d compare it to salty Gatorade. Just don&#039;t take huge swigs of it and you&#039;ll be fine. 

Overall I&#039;m not too nervous about my second dose. Not a terrible experience at all."
"I&#039;ve been taking Seroquel (100mgs) for 2 months now.  It&#039;s been great.  I&#039;ve had treatment resistant depression for years and have taken every antidepressant on the market with little to no help.  I was running out of energy and time.  After trying Abilify (bad akathesia), Lamictal (still taking), we tried Seroquel and within a 2 week period I was back in life.  What a wonderful gift.  I&#039;m very thankful.  Also, I&#039;ve had refractory insomnia that has been alleviated as well."
"it caused me to gain 30 pounds"
"My experience with Yaz wasn&#039;t great. While it eliminated my migraine headaches and made my period shorter, lighter, and diminished PMS symptoms - it gave me an awful intermittent tingling sensation in and around my extremities, a dull pain at the base of my skull, vertigo, heart racing and dizzy spells; not to mention a few near syncope experiences - one of which landed me in the ER. My OBGYN tells me I&#039;m &quot;pill sensitive.&quot; I was on Yaz for only three weeks from March-April. I am a 32 year old, slender, busy career-oriented woman. I did not gain weight on this pill. In fact, I believe it suppressed my appetite and I lost about five pounds while on it.  Sensitive women may be disappointed. Still recovering from scary symptoms."
"Tried everything before Botox. This was miraculous!"
"After a week of using Jalyn, among other less severe side effects, I developed a severe hip joint area inflammation that got so bad that I could hardly walk. Had XRAY and MRI done and no issues with the hip joint. I quit taking and switched to AVODART and have had no side effects and has helped without any noticeable side effects. Took 5 weeks for hip area to go back to normal. "
"Gabepentin is the one medicine that absolutely works on my intractable MS pain, out of the many I take. However after 15 yrs of increasingly higher doses (I take 1300 mg per day), I find I have blurry vision. It&#039;s working so well on my pain that I&#039;m not giving it up yet."
"I had it for 3 years and it didn&#039;t get me pregnant but I did gain 30 pounds and acne problem started after a year. My sex life went down a lot."
"I have been in severe pain for 10 years.  I had a 360 back surgery done on the 18th, the pain is so bad that I still have I can hardly stand it.  My surgeon sent me to a pain management doctor, and he put me on. This Nucynta ER 50mg twice a day, I do not sleep, I wake up in the wee hours of the morning just screaming in pain.  The pain management doctor said to give it time to work, ok have taken it for two days and no reliefs in sight. Have called and called, supposed to wait till Friday and call again, but can not take much more of this pain I am in."
"I&#039;ve found clonidine to be unparalleled at preventing anxiety of the restless and impatient type. I.e. the kind of anxiety that keeps me from sitting in one place. I take clonidine before any engagement where I must sit for a while, e.g., waiting rooms, court rooms and so on. Places where some patience is in order. Clonidine is the best for this. The only side effect is a very slight dry mouth, and that only happens sometimes."
"Last month Aug 24th my left knee operation has done for meniscus tear. Post operation doctor suggested synvisc one. It&#039;s cost 17991 rupees in Vijayawada. I was shocked finally I got the injection on my left knee. Before going to injection I red all the reviews in websites about the injection I feel like it badly hurts. After this all those things finally yesterday 20th Sep 2016 went to hospital taken the injection there is no pain and all like small mosquito bite. Thanks"
"I have been taking 1mg Xanax 4 times daily for 25 years. IT IS THE GREATEST MEDICINE FOR DEPRESSION EVER! No, it does not make me druged-sluggish or anything BAD. Xanax lifts me up when I get down and I do not even want to think about never having Xanax. I know of several friends and family members it would change their life FOR THE BETTER if their Doctors would only prescribe it to them. Of course they should not start on the dosage I take but at least get them started and take it from there.... The antidepressant&#039;s JUST DON&#039;T DO IT FOR ME. I have tried several over the YEARS and they just make things worse for me. Xanax allows me to be happy and tolerate the &quot;TOUGH TIMES&quot;."
"DO NOT TAKE AUGMENTIN! I am healthy (run marathons-no pre-existing cond.) &amp; never take meds. I was prescribed this for headache (after vehicle accident) and a little sinusitis at Onpoint. I was so sick &amp; after 5 days (my heart starting hurting, lost all healthy bacteria (worst diarrhea &amp; stripped stomach lining) had fiery red rash after 10 days all over my body! It took 2 wks for the rash to go away after I got off Augmentin. My body systems have never been same!! destroyed them.THIS IS TOXIC tell your doctors too). If you MUST take antibiotic use something safer. Also, my husband (really healthy) didn&#039;t quite believe me. He was prescribed it he was flat on his back/couch vomiting &amp; couldn&#039;t MOVE after 2 days! he stopped immediately"
"I was prescribed this medication a month ago after finding strange cysts. It was supposed to stop my period. I had finally gotten my period down to 4 or 5 days, once a month, after my second surgery last year. But, now I&#039;m bleeding pretty much everyday. I need to wear a pantyliner at all times, which is no fun. I still have endo pain. I&#039;ve gained 6 lbs in one month. I keep snapping at people. When I&#039;m not easily irritated, I&#039;m extremely depressed.I&#039;ve also been quite forgetful, but I&#039;m not sure if that has anything to do with this medication since I haven&#039;t seen anyone else write about it.  I tend to have breakouts, so I don&#039;t think that has changed. I hope that I won&#039;t be on this much longer."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for a few months. It&#039;s been great. Regulated my period, made it lighter and shorter, reduced cramping and pms symptoms. Occasionally during month one I had some headaches. Otherwise no side effects."
"I was on this birth control for less than 2 months.  My experience hasn&#039;t been good at all using this product.  The application sites (shoulders and upper arms) where I placed the patch had very dark and red spots as if I had 2nd degree burns after I took the patch off.  I also experienced extreme itchiness at those sites while the patch was on and even after it was taken off.  I also experienced spot periods while on the patch.  Cramping for me was intense while on the patch.  I also seemed to have a dry cough while on the product.  I couldn&#039;t sleep while on the patch due to really bad headaches.  This product was a nightmare.  I&#039;m going to have to consider other birth control methods."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for about a year now. I have had no negative side effects and I&#039;m really glad my doctor recommended it. It even has helped clear up my skin."
"Viagra. I salute you."
"I was on Diane 35 for seven yrs (15-23 my skin was amazing) What I didn&#039;t realize was that Diane Caused me to gain a lot of weight, I put it on almost immediately (age 15) and struggled with weight issues and an eating disorder. When I stopped Diane at 23 to have kids, I quickly lost about 15 lbs (5lbs of water) and my insane appetite as well.  After children I wanted to go back on Diane for nice skin. I promptly gained the weight, eating issues returned! So I quit and decided to try spiro. 25 mg once a day. My skin started clearing immediately but Within 3 weeks I had weight gain, aged 5 yrs, along with other horrible side effects! Since quitting for two days I feel myself again! I&#039;ll stick with Skin Ceuticals Acne Kit and zinc supplements!!"
"Best med I&#039;ve been on for my bi-polar.
 
I also take buspirone 

And trazodone for sleep.

I been bi-polar since 21, I think I have taken ever drug there is for this illness. And since my Dr has put me on this drugs I&#039;m finely stable for once in my life."
"This worked for a while then I started getting rebound headaches. I was waking up to excruciating headaches in the mornings after taking these at night after a period of time.  They can increase with intensity over time. If you find this happening to you.  You need to get off of them.  They are rebound headaches."
"1) hurt like hell going in, I don&#039;t care if it was only 30 seconds it was excruciating. (I&#039;ve never given birth) 2) it did its job and prevented pregnancy the 8 months I was on it 3) made periods very heavy and longer 4) made my vagina smell awful!! And honest to goodness that has never happened so I knew it was the IUD ... Disgusting. I couldn&#039;t take smelling like an animal anymore so I got my bf to help me take it out. I&#039;m not a doctor but if you hate paragard as much as I did and wanna save yourself a copay then spread em and let your dude pull it out with tweezers. 5) didn&#039;t feel anything upon removal"
"I have been using the patch for 2 months now and I like it. Made my periods lighter and my breast bigger. Things that I don&#039;t like that sometimes I peel it off by mistake (scary though) and is hard to hide in public. But is works well. I like the results. 90 percent recommended."
"I have been taking otezla for about 5-6 months.  My psoriasis is almost non-existent.  I experienced zero side effects at any point.  Highly recommend for people to give it a try. I literally  cannot even tell that I once had a major issue with psoriasis."
"I am 39 years old and had smoked for 15  years.  I started taking Chantix Christmas eve 2011. After the second week I was able to stop smoking altogether because the taste and smell of cigarette repulsed me. I did however have intense dreams (not bad ones) extremely vivid.  And mood swings were common for the first few weeks.  The third week on I would catch myself drifting off. I also felt as though I could not get enough water.  At the end of the first month I quit. And had only one night where I smoked since being off Chantix.  I will start taking Chantix tomorrow to try and kill the remaining urges I have.  So in short with brief aggressive tendencies, extreme dehydration, and vivid awake like dreams, this has still worked."
"I&#039;ve just finished my treatment for a urinary tract infection.  I no longer have any symptoms from the infection.  First 8 days of a 15 day treatment was fine with no side effects.  Beginning the 9th day, I began experiencing a mild rash and itching which seem to begin on my chest and neck and migrated to my back.  A bit of a nuisance but tolerable.  Around the 11th day, I began to experience mild joint and muscle ache and a tender scalp around the base of the skull.  Acetaminophen and ibuprofen have helped to overcome this but by the 14th and 15th day, I felt like a had the flu with no nausea but a loss of appetite.  I took the last pill this morning and by 1PM, had to lay down with chills, aches and pains, headache and a slight fever."
"I have been taking spironolactone for a month now for my acne conglobata and it is as if I have been taking nothing at all. Some the symptoms I have had are depression, fatigue, drowsiness, hand and feet tingling and itchy, confusion, and just an out of it feeling in general."
"This drug makes you gain a ridiculous amount of weight in just a few days. 
I&#039;ve been taking zyprexa for 2 months and gained almost 9kg. It&#039;s terrible because of its side effects. As someone who was just at the right weight for my height I&#039;m afraid I&#039;ll not stop gaining weight and my borderline and depression will get worse. I feel self conscious about my body now, I feel fat and my anxiety is also getting worse. Sadly I can&#039;t recommend this medication."
"Been on hydrocodone for over ten years, have good control of pain now out of no where my provider decided that is not what I needed, it has ruined my life. I have been put on gabapentin, it makes me brain dead and does not take away my chronic pain. I am in agony."
"It is really effective. I had a lot of treatment for my acne but it never went. I was hopeless a then my doctor prescribed Duac to me I used and it really worked but when I stop using it my acne comes back."
"I get stones frequently, have had lythotripsy for two of them. Finally I saw a new urologist and she gave me Flomax. I had Zero side effects. It didn&#039;t make me pee more often but when I did go it was like a raging river and moved my stone rift on out quickly. I will never have another stone without being prescribed Flomax and I tell any of my friends who get stones to use it. Also when I did pee it completely emptied my bladder/kidneys and relieves so much pressure. Life saver for sure !!!!"
"I am a female, 29 years old and have never battled depression until my dad passed away. My crying and irritablity just getting worse as months went on. I have been on Lexapro for only 2 days but I have noticed a difference in my mood. The very first day I felt a &quot;high&quot;, &quot;weird&quot; sense. It made me sleepy but then restless in the middle of the night BUT I have been already feeling better mood-wise. I am going to try and tough it out because I have more good than bad. We&#039;ll see!"
"I experience mood swings, break outs, and cramps during the first two weeks. After that I have not had any issues. I did not spot for the first two months. On the third month I took the pill 4 hours late and I spotted lightly for two days. My skin is flawless. I had no weight gain. I have no crazy mood swings. Its the perfect pill. Oh and my breast increased about a cup size. The breast tenderness I experienced was a minimum soreness for a month. I recommend Seasonale!"
"To anyone taking Lexapro or any antidepressant:  DO NOT believe all the negative reviews you read here or elsewhere.  Do not let them scare you away from taking one of these drugs.  The drugs are not miracle workers, but they do help some by taking the edge off and by not letting you obsess on your feelings and thoughts.  You have to give them time, at least SIX WEEKS. If no improvement, up the dose per your Dr&#039;s permission or switch to another. The side effects are mild, and that is despite what anyone says to the contrary.  Antidepressants work best in combination with psychotherapy, but they are also effective when taken by themselves.  You will eventually feel better."
"I was diagnosed with endometrial cancer (very early stage) at age 40. As an alternative to hysterectomy, I tried hormone therapy: 160 mg Megace every day. endometrial thickness dropped from approximately 2 cm to a few mm in 6 months. No change in appetite. Skin oil production in the face dropped, which was great as I normally have oily skin. I had small uterine fibroids before Megace, which started to grow big and fast, which was the worst side effect."
"The first time I took this it threw me into massive withdrawal which was unbearable for about 24 hours because I still had opiates in my system. So I never went near it again for years.  Now, I am taking 8mg a day for the last 6 months. I will always put this medicine on a pedestal because if you want to change your lifestyle and be drug free this will definitely help you achieve your goal. SUBUTEX -  I cannot sing its praises enough and that&#039;s coming from someone who would not even consider it at one stage."
"Switched to Mibelas after many years on Minastrin and felt awful.  Tired, moody, dizzy- just overall yuck! Much rather pay more to feel better!"
"Iv had an awful  year with my cycle . Last October  i got the depo (the injection) was due to get my 2nd one in January. But i passed because  from the end of November 2015 until April 2016 i had constant bleeding every day from 9-1 and 4-8 . It finally stopped and i went may june and july with no period  it was great but then i got them back the end of July and the pain was unbearable went on for 2 weeks i rang my doc explained everything and she has put me on the patch . So far i love it this is only my 3rd week so still early days but my cycle is starting  to return to normal  the only side effect im having is im very low on energy but nothing  a berocca or two wont cure "
"I thank God everyday for this medication. I have pain in both of my knees and my lower back and both feet has spurs. I am only 47 yrs old, without Oxycontin I would not have a good life. I thank the makers of the wonderful pill because I can enjoy my life without suffering with pain. "
"What the heck is in this? I have used this a few times before, but have never had such pain and burning.  I just want to stick an ice cube up there!! This is day 3 of the 3 day...the first two nights burned a little, but this dosage is horrific.  Trying to squeeze it out right now so I can hopefully get some sleep! NEVER again!!!!"
"It has NEVER worked for a sinus infection. I just finished 2 of the 5 day dose packs and 3 days later has a fever of 102 with a massive infection still raging."
"56 yr old female. 6 weeks of humira no change at all :/  still using clobetasol and hydrocortisone along with it no change :("
"I was Prescribed this for neuralgia. However I noticed after a few weeks my irritable bowel syndrome was gone. GONE! When my Dr wanted to switch me to Gabapentin for the nerve pain. I insisted on continuing nortriptyline. I would rather have the nerve pain than irritable bowel syndrome. 
Word of caution- when I was increased to ~60mg day I became severely constipated with abdominal pain. This medicine can cause paralytic ileus so be careful. I take 10-20mg day and seem to be okay."
"I used to take Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo prior and stopped for about 4-5 years until getting back on birth control about 4 months ago. My gynecologist recommended this particular brand and so I thought I would give it a try. It reminds me of my previous birth control. I had no negative side effects whatsoever (but every woman&#039;s body is different.) I&#039;m thin framed (5&#039;9&quot;) but gain weight in my breasts and butt. My weight never fluctuates past 120. Prior to the birth control I tried gaining weight but could never gain more than 108lbs due to diet change (vegan). Thankfully enough this birth control helped me gain about 7lbs. After the 2nd month of taking the birth control I went from a full B cup to a full C. No complaints here. They&#039;re perkier too."
"An amazing medication considering the earlier antiphsycotics available, I think its more expensive that could effect availability.  I do suffer from shaky hands but its the only side effect noticed.I take 20mg at night, it doesn&#039;t make me sleepy, no weight gain or hangover effect. Don&#039;t increase the dose it doesn&#039;t help it just gives restless legs and I was informed a dangerous to increase"
"Relieves most allergy symptoms."
"I&#039;ve been using Testim for just 6 days now,  based on low free-T and low sex drive. One 50mg tube of the 1% creme a day.
Can&#039;t say I notice anything about it except a very strong smell.
It is very possible however, that my wife likes the smell - she seems to be much more &quot;interested&quot; in me just since I&#039;ve been applying the stuff."
"I have horrible nerve pain. Neither vicodin, oxycontin, morphine or any other opium based medicine worked. Plus my body had gotten used to the other pain pills. The actiq was AMAZING! It almost completely rid me of the pain (1000x stronger than morphine) and it is measured in micrograms (Mcg)it is so powerful. It was perfect for my burning nerve pain, and nerve spasms. Easiest drug to get BOTH chemically AND mentally addicted. Be careful"
"Lamictal saved my life.  The manic issues were getting severe and I had no way of handling these issues. I have no side effects and I have my life back.  I enjoy life again."
"I have taken Lutera for about a year and a half.  It is great at preventing babies and it has made my periods much better.  I do not bleed as much and my cramps are nothing compared to what they were.  However, I have gained weight - about 20 lbs.  I have tried to lose the weight and have lost a little but I have never had to try so hard to lose weight.  Much of the time it is a losing battle because since Lutera I always seem to have hunger pains.  Also, at times I feel very tired and taking caffeine only helps a little bit."
"Was taking it for 6 months. Side affects were bad headaches every bone joint ached and stiff. Moody depressed and memory was bad. Will be going on tamoxifen hope it&#039;s not as bad."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from nausea/vomiting due to my pregnancy. At the Emergency Hospital I was prescribed to take Reglan 10mg.  Bought the medicine and afraid to take it, took me two weeks to finally try them due to horrible reviews I read online. This medicine stopped my vomiting and to my surprise never had any side effect on me."
"I have been on harvoni for 8 weeks now, first set of blood work was negative fingers crossed tomorrow when I do the second set....4 more weeks to go. I am stage 3-4 genotype 1a ...I&#039;ve been on two different treatments both failed. I have had side effects, headaches, mood swings,depression and fatigue BUT it is worth it if I am clear of hep- c. I am very grateful, I fought my insurance company for year to get Harvoni."
"I&#039;ve been on 10mg now for 4 weeks.  I was on zoloft before that and was noticing tiredness and being unmotivated to do anything.   

While weaning off zoloft and being on brintellix i did notice more energy and better mood, but now I seem back to how I was before.  My doctor just upped my dose to 20mg and said that should help.  

I did notice increased appetite and it feels like I am hungry ALL the time!  I hope this stops soon."
"I&#039;ve been on it now for a month and I&#039;ve been very moody, angry, and just wanting to be by myself. I&#039;ve gained 5 extra pounds, but as far as acne goes its been clear. I&#039;ve been getting really bad headaches, and wanting to throw up after I eat. It seems like I&#039;ve gotten all the side effects."
"It has been a great medicine to help with my anxiety.  I feel much calmer and more in control of my circumstances.  I have, however, also had the sexual side effects of a lower libido and difficulty with ejaculation"
"this medication saved my life...I actually like the mylan better than the vivelle as far as the way I feel, the vivelle caused sinus problems and gassy bloat, the mylan product did not for me, however the mylan product doesn&#039;t stick as well or last as long....OVERALL: I love estrogen replacement and it is a TRAGEDY that women are suffering and their docs are not offering HRT when it is now proven that HRT prolongs life and has a protective influence on heart, bones and brain.  I want to tell every woman out there do not be a hero, do not suffer, and do not be afraid.  estrogen is good for you and can give you your life back.  why do none of the women I talk to know this? crime!!"
"So far it&#039;s been my first week taking it and I am not impressed. I&#039;ve been nauseous everyday this week, gotten severe headaches, and now I am worried that my relationship is gonna be ruined because of the side effects this pill has on me. It&#039;s making me look and act like a total cow. which I&#039;m usually not.

I&#039;m also very annoyed  that my doctor switched me to this without warning. Jublier is a better brand."
"I&#039;m 27 years old and the mother of two boys. I had the Mirena inserted one and a half years ago. The insertion was fine, mild cramping, but for the last year and a half I have experienced depression, bad acne, weight gain of about ten kilos, mood swings. Six months ago once my periods stopped altogether the symptoms got worse. I began having stomach cramps, nausea on most days, painful breasts and diminished libido and when it was supposed to be that time of the month my abdomen would bloat. I had Mirena removed last week and feel like a new person. I&#039;m already losing weight and all the other symptoms have vanished."
"I have been recently diagnosed with the disease called BIH which occurs mostly in women and very young children and currently taking Diamox with annoying side effects such as pins and needles in feet, hands and lips which can last up to 2 hours at a time and be painful. I wake every night with interrupted sleep with a headache or temperature! I have been turned off a lot of food but mainly fizzy drinks."
"I have suffered from performance anxiety for a few years. When it came to my turn to talk in a meeting I would have what is known as a panic attack, and for those of you that have not experienced this it is horrible. I would somehow manage to get through these talks. As soon as the talk would finish my mind would instantly go to worrying about the next talk next week, a living circle of constant anxiety.
I was prescribed Propranolol. I had to stand up and do a 5 min presentation to about 20 people. I took 40mg 1 hr prior waited for my turn to go and....nothing! no heart beat, no trembling, no sweats! I was a totally different person and will now use this medicine whenever I have to do a talk. I highly recommend it."
"I&#039;ve had IBS for years but when I had colon surgery 3 years ago, I started to really have problems with chronic severe diarrhea--10 to 12 x&#039;s a day. I was miserable, leaking, wearing Depends, just depressed about no solution. Finally I found a doctor who prescribed Lomotil--2 tabs--4 x&#039;s a day and it worked! And without any side effects. I&#039;m now down to 2 or 3 doses a day and feeling so much better."
"My doctor just prescribed me Treximet after my other medication wasnt working.  I took it for the first time over the weekend.  My head felt like it was on fire.. I see flushing is a side effect, but this was horrible.  I couldnt touch my head, I could feel my hair follicles my head was so sensitive. The heat eventually made its way to my neck and shoulders.  I was so uncomfortable until I fell asleep.  I did wake up with my migraine gone, so that was a plus, but I would have preferred not to have dealt with the head on fire feeling, it was worse than my migraine.  I&#039;m talking with my doctor about it, maybe its something that goes away, or maybe I&#039;m allergic.  Pro: it worked Con: Painful side effect."
"My 6 yr old son started on an ADHD regimen about 8 months ago.  We started on Concerta, increased dosage 3 different times, and switched to Vyvanase.  We have increased it to 30 mg and it still is not working.  However, now the moodiness, extreme sadness, and impulsiveness is much worse while on Vyvanse.  I really am considering just dealing with the ADHD without medicinal help.  I feel sorry for the little guy.  This is not what I want him to be like."
"This thing works! I can&#039;t imagine having a child I can&#039;t support. Long story short, heat of the moment unprotected sex with a woman I wasn&#039;t in a relationship with. I irresponsibly came inside of her during sex but I kept going. We took the plan B pill about a hour and a half  after our incident and the stress began. I got sick from stressing and was relieved to find out that it worked. A little FYI, I didn&#039;t know her cycle and she was very tall for a woman so I&#039;m assuming she was over the weight limit so mythical busted. Thank Jesus for Plan B! If you take it early and before she has ovulated, you&#039;re pretty much golden. I learned my lesson for sure."
"Out of the blue I started experiencing anxiety, I was nervous for no reason and having anxiety about anxiety! I tried change my diet and so on. Then I had the mother of all panic attacks (I&#039;d never had one). I quickly realized that I needed to talk to my doctor. I tried zoloft and celexa, both gave me terrible side effects. I stuck with zoloft for 2 months and wasnt feeling any better so I went off discouraged.  Then I started on cymbalta. Its been about 5 months with zero side effects. I realized a few days ago that the meds must be working, on a particularly stressful day I felt a panic attack coming on but it just didn&#039;t materialize into anything. Then I realized I really haven&#039;t been nervous for sometime. It can get better :) 40mg"
"Doctor told me to quit taking this but I like it because it works."
"As my nickname says I have been very quiet and most of my life. Always worried and anxious since a child, I came to the US when on my 30s and years later, I think the stresses of life and my personality put me in a severe anxiety with depression and several panic attacks. I was thinking I would die!. Went to Psychiatrist did not trust on him first time, I did not want to take the medicine and I got worse! I started taking lexapro 10 mg, it helped me so much, I had that hope on it that I didn&#039;t remember side effects. I used also the benzodizepines and ambien to be calmer and get some sleep. Like 3 months later didn&#039;t take more benzo ,and/or ambien. I have been in this medicine since March 2014, today is March 2016. Been reduced now to half"
"I just recently started taking it (a little less than 2 weeks ago). The first day I was very giddy and kept getting a tingly feeling from my head to my toes.  Than it stopped after the second day but I did experience the hot sweats, loss of appetite, nausea and lack of sleep. The sleep was the worst thing! I woke up almost every hour every night for 2 weeks straight!  I was either waking up and feeling wired or waking up because of the hot sweats and I&#039;m only 23!  If you want advice, do not take caffeine until some of these side effects go away because it will make you way more wired than usual and you&#039;ll feel very uncomfortable.  Also, do not DRINK ALCOHOL. 1 sip of wine and felt dizzy for at least an hour!"
"I&#039;m suffering from sciatica and was really excited after reading the reviews in here. I&#039;ve been to the Dr &amp; Hospital  and nothing they give me works at all. Backaid Max did nothing for my pain so save yourself the money and just ride it out, because this stuff doesn&#039;t help."
"I&#039;ve been on Apri since I was 16 and am now 24. I love being on Apri. I&#039;ve never had a problem with it. My libido has never decreased nor have I gotten acne. If anything both have gotten exponentially better over time. My periods have gotten lighter, shorter and less painful as well. I really recommend it."
"Had to stop after two months. I got depressed and suicidal, constantly crying. I&#039;m normally extremely happy person, laugh at everything. I got really bad body acne. Painful cramping."
"I had the skyla inserted a few days ago and I love it! I wasnt on my period when I went so my doc gave me 1mg Xanax waited then gave me 2mg Xanax tyloneol 4 and a cortisone shot waited in the waiting room with my mom, 15 minutes and I was out of it 2 nurses carried me back there don&#039;t remember the procedure at all nurse had to help me get dressed went back to waiting room told mama I wanted burger king fell asleep in the car an slept the whole day. They prescribed me 800mg ibuprofen haven&#039;t had to take it once, already had sex. So far so good"
"I have been using Avonex since October 2008. When the pen was made available, I was ecstatic!! This meant I didn&#039;t have to rely on my husband to do the syringe injection, without seeing a needle, I could do it myself. 
I used the pen for about 2.5 year&#039;s. In that time, several mishaps occurred, the blue button wouldn&#039;t work, the needle fell out, the final problem:the needle stuck in my leg after pulling the pen from my leg!!! Needless to say, I am back to depending on my husband again. The flu-like symptoms are the same with both forms of injection.  I would go back to the pen in a heartbeat it was been improved and dependable."
"I have been taking Savella since March and I feel great. This is a drug that reduced pain with minimal side effects.
It took about a month to kick in and unlike Cymbalta and Lyrica I do not have any brain fog or dry mouth. Still a bit tired but I attribute that to the fibromyalgia. I did well on Cymbalta but after 2 years it stopped being effective.  Lyrica made me disoriented and foggy. I recommend Savella, based on my own very positive experience.
This is not a classic antidepressant and is specific for fibromyalgia. Glad I found it and will continue using it.  I have more energy and no pain."
"I&#039;ve taken Ambien more than 10yrs ago had a scary reaction,  I&#039;ve also taken OTC Sleep Aids including Benadryl is a complete waste sometimes with Benadryl I&#039;d end up waking up in middle of night having to take more &amp; so on!  LUNESTA IS THE ONLY THING THAT EVER WORKED FOR ME. I&#039;d take it 30 mins before bed but my husband would literally have to pick me up off couch and put me in bed because it worked faster than 30 mins I&#039;d wake up feeling fabulous...I also can tell you when I was pregnant in my last trimester they gave me 5mg of Ambien bc they didn&#039;t know much about Lunestas effects during pregnancy...so I took half of 5mg didn&#039;t work took entire 5mg didn&#039;t work!  LOVE LUNESTA!"
"This is the first birth control pill I have ever been on and I have been taking it since January. It is good for the most part. However, when I first started the pill, I bled for about three weeks straight like a crazy period and I am constantly dealing with bleeding between periods. Often it seems to be caused by having sex with my boyfriend. Sex seems to be a trigger to start bleeding. I&#039;m still the same happy person I was before I started the pill, I just bleed a whole lot more than I used to."
"Not sure what this is suppossed to help. Still sneezing, couching, watery eyes. Feel like I&#039;m drowning! Been several months and finally I give up. Need better medicine!"
"Silenor is a great medication (I tried many) with no side effects or a feeling of dizziness the next morning, that is usual for most of insomnia drugs that I was on."
"I&#039;m new to taking birth control. Had a very normal cycle before, regular as clockwork for 27 years. I decided on this pill BC its a &quot;mini&quot; &amp; thought maybe a good way to ease in to BC . 5 weeks into taking Deblitane I noticed my breasts were always sore and full. My skin was more oily &amp; I&#039;ve gotten the worst case of breakouts (big, red pimples on my cheek and a series of breakouts along my jawline). I haven&#039;t had a period. However leading up to when my period is usually due (I tracked my cycles for years) I started having cramps feeling bloated &amp; lasted for a few days (almost a week). My mood was fine. Sex drive has been low. Finally called my doc and switching off it to something with out hormones mainly to fight  this bad case of acne."
"Had TURP 3 years ago - put on Tamsulosin 6 months ago. Whilst I can still urinate the flow is weak and I still have to get up 3 to 4 times every night. Unable to determine any improvement- no or little semen since taking Tamsulosin."
"I have been taking this medication only recently for my anxiety/ depression. I&#039;ve recently suffered the loss of a baby and was having a very difficult time. For 4-5 months I had no appetite, nausea, headaches, fever, what felt like the never ending flu/cold. The first time taking this was at night and I didn&#039;t notice much change however the next time I took it in the AM...BAD idea! I am not much of a breakfast person so perhaps that tied into it as well but it made me so sick I had to leave work. Since then I have been taking it later in the day (dinner time) and I have been feeling much better, we&#039;ll see how it goes as time goes on :)"
"I started a clean diet a day in a half prior to the procedure. I then made the solution and refrigerated it that morning. I sucked on a lemon slice and then drank the stuff for 4 times every 15 minutes. When finished it took about an additional hour and 15 to start. No problems, worked fine.  
The trick clear liquids a day and a half prior. 
 Happy squatting to all, and use flushable wipes and end with toilet paper to dry."
"Had minor irritation and suspected a y/i. Got this product and put it in, almost immediately I felt the burn. Its like putting rubbing alcohol on your bits. Then shaving the inside if your vagina. I couldn&#039;t even pull up my pants. I went to bed and lasted like 10 minutes before I had to run to the bath and wash it all off and try and get it out."
"I have been taking contrave for about 5 weeks now. I am 5&#039;2&quot;, my starting weight was 188 and I am now 20 pounds down. 3 pounds away from my pre pregnancy of 165, hoping to lose around 15-20 more. So far this medication is working amazing. I take my doses at night, unfortunately I cannot take them during the day due to nausea but that is about the only side affect I have gotten."
"I took the peginterferon/ ribaviran therapy in 2008 unsuccessfully.  AFter 4 weeks of Harvoni I am virus free with little side effects.  A few mild headaches and some fatigue.  I&#039;ll finish the 12 weeks of therapy with gusto !"
"I had folliculitis. My Doctor prescribed to me 500 mg 4 times a day for ten days. I had to stop at day 6. I had diarrhea up to 5 times a day. Then I got a yeast infection on my penis right after I stopped taking cephalexin. Currently, I have candida overgrowth and it is not going away. I wished I never took this antibiotic... it does more harm than it does help."
"It is the only medication I have found to really take care of my tension headaches. Works tremendously. You need to take it on the onset of your headache for it to work the best."
"When I started a week ago I was 294 and I%u2019m 5%u201910. I was nervous about the needle but the truth is you can hardly feel it, it%u2019s that thin. I started at .6 and after a few days I went up to 1.2. The other day I tried to go to 1.8 but I had a serious stomach ache all night long so I went back to 1.2. At 1.2 the side effects are mild. Headaches, a little nausea, slight rough throat and fatigue. I have lost 10 pounds in this week with minimal exercise, perhaps 10/15 minutes on the elliptical a night and some free weights. I%u2019m in love with this product. I have ZERO appetite. I have to force myself to eat and even then end up eating two bites and throwing the rest away. I%u2019m very hopeful this is the motivation I needed and it continues to work."
"I got it insterted April 2015 and it is now October. I haven&#039;t had any crazy side effects at all. My first period was a bit heavy but not bad. My next few were very light. But I suddenly stopped getting a period until now in October and it&#039;s quite normal- not heavy or light. I have always been sensitive but I feel like it might actually be giving me mood swings. Besides that everything is perfectly normal and I don&#039;t see any reason why anyone would not recommend it."
"Was prescribed for knee injury. I tried all sorts of SSRI,  SDRI , tricyclics,  etc. for unexplained depression. All of them had side affects so detrimental that it made me more depressed. Of course the so called doctors want to give you more drugs to counter the side affects all the while claiming your a border line heroin addict all the while having no idea what is causing the depression all the while suggesting it&#039;s all just maligned thought processes.Thank goodness I have arthritic knees. After taking tramadol by depression is gone . Fact. Every patient is different. Don&#039;t be pigeon holed.  I have been taking one 50mg per day for years. Works somehow. If it is placebo then why didn&#039;t all the other Meds work the same. For once I&#039;d like to hear a Doctor just say &quot; i dont know."
"Clonidine  1 mg  x 2 times a day did not lower my Blood Pressure enough. It brought it to 135/95, (without medicines my readings are 160/110 ). So now I am taking it 1.5 mg x 2 times (morning and at bedtime), and waiting to see if it helps to get back to 120/80. I also take Cozaar 50 mg once a day. Yes, dry mouth is a slight problem. But I just carry bottled water wherever I go. Cozaar gives me diarrhea, and the clonidine has a constipating effect. So they kind of cancel each other out. Clonidine also gives me slight dizziness, especially when I bend down to reach for something, and then get my head back up. If the head is not subject to sudden motion, I really have not felt dizziness to be a problem."
"I was put on coreg 25 mg 2 daily after a heart stent. Day by day I felt worse. I was very short of breath and my abdomin starting bloating and felt a lot of pressure in my abdomin especially about 4 hours after taking the coreg. Called the cardiologist told them my concerns and told them I thought it was my meds, they said no that it was not the meds to call my PCP. The symptoms got so severe I ended up in the ER and after a CT scan and blood work I was told it was the coreg making me feel this way. Just a horrible med for me. Doctors need to listen to their patients."
"Keeps my blood pressure well under control. I do have some erectile dysfunction but do not know if this drug causes it."
"I&#039;ve only been on the patch for a few weeks but let me tell you... it&#039;s GREAT for anyone who is super sensitive to estrogen or any other hormone replacement! I couldn&#039;t even take the lowest dose of birth control because the hormones made my stomach so sick. I was unable to even move for weeks when I took the pill. Started the patch because I have incredibly low estrogen and I haven&#039;t had any nausea but a little fatigue. Probably more due to the fact that it&#039;s something &quot;new&quot; your body is dealing with. I haven&#039;t really had the increased sex drive like a lot of women mention but I definitely feel as though my mood has evened out and I&#039;m less &quot;high and low&quot; like I used to be. Highly recommend this as a form of birth control."
"I have used plan b and the generic version a few times before and it has worked wonderful. However, that&#039;s not always the case. I had had sex and taken the pill about 24 hours after the encounter. Then found out two weeks later I was expecting. I&#039;m elated about my child but wanted to warn others it&#039;s not a for sure method and isn&#039;t always 99.9% effective."
"So far, Aviane has been very effective. However, I&#039;ve only completed one month of the pills, and when I got my period I had it for a full week. I&#039;m sure that my body is still adjusting to the pills. Also, I&#039;ve noticed a few more pimples around the time of my period, and a lot more emotional as well. Other than that its been great!"
"I am a White Female that was prescribed this med, and the results are pretty good.  It is covered by my health insurance, filled at a local pharmacy, and given by a nurse that visits our home.  I was concerned when I heard about side effects in others, although I feel well.  I am over 21, and hopefully this was a good med for me and others.  I am a nice girl, and thank you."
"I used to wake up every day feeling miserable and irritable. I found it hard to think clearly, concentrate &amp; just live a somewhat normal day. I was first put on Sertraline and that didn&#039;t go so well.. I had really bad side effects (fatigue, depression, sporadic emotions) Took myself off that after about 2 months or so. I was then put on this medication! I saw results almost right away with 150ml daily for about 1.5 months with some side effects including dizziness &amp; dry mouth/always thirsty (which I can deal with!) Then because I &amp; my doctor felt there was room for additional improvement I went to the 300ml dose.. it&#039;s only been about 1-2 weeks on the higher dose but so far so good. No complaints! I can actually be free + feel normal again!"
"I have been struggling with social anxiety disorder and a low-level functioning depression for most of my life. Four years went by with no medication, and during this time I was very paranoid and lost all of my friends. It wasn&#039;t until I met my boyfriend that I saw I couldn&#039;t truly function this way. I finally admitted to myself that I might need to be on medication. It&#039;s been about two months and I feel awesome. I am taking 50mg everyday, and was able to go on a Christmas vacation where my boyfriend and I met each other&#039;s families. This would never have been doable before. I am thoroughly satisfied, and am so happy with my decision. I still have leftover anxiety symptoms but I am working on that in therapy."
"I would get so worked up with hives before an exam with my gynecologist, that I would have to cancel. One day I took a Benadryl (they usually come in 25 mg or 50 mg tablets, or in packs of two 25 mg tablets)- just 25 mg before my appointment, and it really took the edge off. I had no hives and was much more relaxed. I buy the generic brand at the Dollar Store. This is used in our house for insomnia, allergic reactions, stuffy noses, and what I had previously mentioned. It is not habit-forming, and at such low doses, it&#039;s easy to control. Just make sure you stay hydrated!

One word of caution to parents with young kids or teens- there have been many cases of suicide attempts and to trip out on."
"I absolutely loved this birth control. Was on it for 8 years and would still be on it now, except that when I switched jobs, my new insurance didn&#039;t cover it. No weight gain, super clear skin, no mood swings, light periods with no cramping and the convenience of not having to take a pill everyday. Couldn&#039;t feel it inside me at all and it never bothered my husband or me during intercourse. Highly recommend."
"I have been on Tivicay for about 2 weeks and I am experiencing water retention really bad in my legs. I will not be taking any more of this drug, I am going back to my Truvada I was not dealing with this when I was taking that drug"
"I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s me or what but I was given Demerol (along with Vistaril and Vicodin) after my ankle surgery and it hasn&#039;t helped at all. I was admitted to the hospital twice where I received Dilaudid. That did the trick. I had a screw removed from my ankle, which had shattered and the doctor drilled through my fibula bone. After I was released, I was given Vicodin to be taken one hour after my Demerol and Vistaril. That seemed to work. I was surprised that the Demerol needed a &quot;kick&quot; so to speak. I would definitely ask my doctor for something more again if I ever had to go back on it."
"Okay, so I&#039;ve decided to share my experience. I have been on Chantix now for this would be start of day 4. It is irritating, I have been smoking but I&#039;m not getting the effect I normally would. The smoke feels different, tastes different, and I&#039;m starting to feel like they are a waste of time or that I just don&#039;t want one once I start one."
"I was taking clarithromcyin for sinusitis and it worked but I got severe back pain with the medication and a very nasty taste in my mouth.  My stomach hurt so then I started taking it with food and the pain never came back"
"Gabapentin really helps pain in my arms, legs and feet. I have been on Gabapentin for 2 years on and off. Took ages to get used to tight band feeling round head, vision problems and weight gain. The worst side effect is constipation and bloating. Sometimes I feel as if I can&#039;t breathe because I&#039;m so bloated. Trying to keep taking them so that I can sleep at night and walk without so much pain in my feet."
"I am 45 years old now and I was able to quit after 27 years with the help of the nicoderm cq patch. It was a struggle but the patches did enough to keep me from finding  a  cigarette. I am now smoke free for 2 years and enjoy not smelling like a dirty ashtray and can breathe much easier. Thanks for your product nicoderm cq."
"I prefer this extended release version of  gabapentin. 

The standard Gabapentin made me much too drowsy. 

Although, this Med doesn&#039;t work as well in relieving my foot neuropathy, I can tolerate it much better in the extended release. 

So, considering feeling less drowsy with relief or being in a fog with more relief, I prefer the Horizant."
"I am 22 and have been taking this medication for 4 months. I have horrible acne now that I didn&#039;t have before, on my face and my chest. I had a 2 week long period in the first month and haven&#039;t had one since but I still cramp at times. I&#039;ve been extremely moody and depressed which isn&#039;t going away or decreasing. Also, I can&#039;t lose weight because I&#039;m hungry all the time and always feel too miserable to exercise."
"Quick and painless procedure. I&#039;ve had 2 kids and breastfeeding my 4 month old. No complications so far. It did start my period which lasted 4 days with mild to moderate, pretty normal, bleeding. The cramping I experienced the day of the implant procedure was mild and made better by tylenol. I love my paragard!"
"Bought the 1 day ovule pack of Monistat. I only thought I was miserable beforehand.... I inserted the ovule, applied the external cream, and went to bed. Within minutes, my insides and outsides were on fire and itching uncontrollably. After 30 minutes of absolute misery, I ran to the bathroom and used a couple of the cooling wipes to try to reduce symptoms. Afterwards, I went back to bed and it was only about 15 minutes til I was out of bed freaking out over the burning &amp; itching.  I took 2 benedryl &amp; a pain pill. Then, took a cool bath to try to control my extreme discomfort. After my bath, I am finally laying with no panties and the ceiling fan blowing at my &quot;area&quot;. I am for the first time in 3 hours able to relax. 

NEVER AGAIN!!!"
"Pacil 30mg is great. I can say finally after 4 months the depression veil has lifted. This drug works great but very slowly.  Give it time. It works!!"
"Wanted a low dose oral BC after being off for about a year &amp; a half. Was rx&#039;d Sronyx from PP. I wanted low dose because I&#039;ve dealt with depression before. This pill made me absolutely crazy. I felt ok the first week but I&#039;ve never been more irritable, moody &amp; depressed. I&#039;ve had anxiety &amp; literally feel like another person. Can&#039;t wait for this to clear my system"
"For Narcolepsy adderall greatly improves daytime sleepiness."
"I&#039;m 26, just celebrated my 1 year anniversary with my Mirena. I remember like if it was yesterday when I had it inserted. It was a very, very painful 30 seconds. My doctor said it would only be a pinch...ah definitely not JUST a pinch. It wasn&#039;t that my doctor did anything thing wrong, my doctor is the best, I just was not ready, or expected that kinda of pain. I luckily had taken two days off so I rested and I did have painful cramps. I was spotty for about a week after that.  Cramps are pretty bad but it beats worrying about being pregnant. Even though the insertion was painful, ladies I strongly recommend it to every woman who wants a reliable birth control."
"I have displaced discs and chronic disc degeneration and chronic pain throughout my cervical spine with shooting nerve pain all the way down through my buttocks and arms.  Taking Oxycodone helps tremendously. Works well with Neurontin.  Sometimes need to take a Naproxen to keep ahead of the pain, and anyone with chronic pain knows that you will never always stay ahead of the pain.  A word of advise: don&#039;t overdo it and get up to a higher dose if you can help it because getting back down to a lower dose means that you will have to &quot;vacation&quot; and experience horrible pain to get the tolerance controlled again. That said, Oxycodone is a wonderful medication.  Please don&#039;t use this recreationally. Real sufferers need this medication."
"I recieved medazilam, commonly called versed for my first colonoscopies, note versed is a amnesia drug they use so you &quot;forget&quot; how bad they treat you, and that you were in pain rather than relieve the trauma. I suffered anxiety,  long term amnesia, flashbacks and a PTSD-type reaction to the use of this drug. Not only did i loose the abity to lay down memory properly long term but the patches (it kinda feels like the connections are there of the bad experience you feel the trauma but you cant pin it on an exact block of memory) of the trauma remains i highly recomend the non-amnesic fentanyl instead for colonoscopies."
"I&#039;ve been using it for 4 days and hasn&#039;t made the sores any better only worse . Waste of my hard earned money ."
"It made me gain weight about 40lbs and cause acne, other then that it worked very well for my Osteoarthritis in my neck. I have a fusion and have not been the same since. This medicine helped me with my pain. I got my life back. I still can&#039;t do everything but my pain is so much better!"
"I now wonder with me having this medication last year if it did not cause my Plantar Facitilitis that I have horribly.  I am on day 7 of 500 mg and I  am coughing so hard it makes me vomit. my tonsils have went down but  I do not sleep well and my mind always thinking. No down time. Stomach is upset and I am hungry but can&#039;t eat. I have 3 more days to go and I don&#039;t think I am going to continue."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lunesta for about a month and cannot get any rest. Not sure if I need increase in the dosage. Yes, I have the bad taste. I take on empty stomach and stay up and just wait to go to sleep. Doesn&#039;t happen. "
"I just started using alprazolam for 3 weeks. From my mid teens years I have had nervous stomach symptoms which lead to multiple bowel movements a day, including sweating and numbing hands. Uncontrolled shaking of my feet or tapping on surfaces with hands. Because very little was know; my teachers would make me sit on my hands to control my twitches. I%u2019m now 50 years old, married for 25 years and still having panic disorders till this medication was started. Flying, small confided areas, in tight areas with many people, lack of bathrooms and just not being in control of my environment, would trigger an attack. I was embarrassed and covered my symptoms.  0.25mg of Alprazolam has helped me concentrate and control my racing thoughts. I feel in control and at peace in the most stressful situations. I thought not using it on the weekends would be okay, NOT SO, heart rate, numbing hands, trembling muscles and waking up in the middle of the night with racing thoughts were the outcome.  You%u2019re never too old to start this medication given your doctors approval."
"On day 1, no change in the symptoms. Day 2: I got diarrhea. Day: 3 no more fever and pain relief, diarrhea reduces as well. Day 4: No fever, no diarrhea and a little headache. Days 5 to 7: I forgot I was sick, had to put reminders on the phone in order to remember to follow the 7 days prescription. Worked for me."
"Excellent experience so far, was on for 2 1/2 months and lost ~30 lbs.  Really HELPS you control your food intake.  You can push through and eat though, but its much much much easier to control yourself when you know you should stop eating but have that bottomless pit feeling in your stomach, or if you are just someone that eats when bored or emotional."
"I live in the Uk so we get drugs etc free. This drug is only available via a specialist at a hospital and is carefully mointored. I&#039;m 40yrs old and had painful large sports since I was 12, I have tried everything, so now I&#039;ve hit 40 and had a family decided to try it. I lasted 15 days of 20g a day. I thought at my age I would have less to worry about that a teenager. I could cope with the dry skin and cracked lips but the headaches and joint pain was horrific. I stopped taking 5 days ago but still am in constant pain &amp; have a headache have been told these side effects could last up to 30 days. I have never suffered side effects from any drugs I have taken until I took this. If you are planning to take this please consider carefully."
"I&#039;ve had nothing but issues but I have not had a pregnancy scare at all and that&#039;s why I rated it 3/10. I received my shot September 19, I got my period October 14, bled for 21.5 days and then 2.5 days later started to bleed again for, so far, another 10 days. In 34 days, I&#039;ve bled 31.5 days. It&#039;s absolutely draining, my hormones are out of control, and it&#039;s impeding on every day life. I&#039;m being treated for acne with Sprionolactone and my cystic acne came back with a vengeance. If I knew any of this would be a potential side effect, I would&#039;ve just waited for my referral to my gyno and deal with the 1 BC method rather than 2 (condoms). Overall, this has been a TERRIBLE experience and I can&#039;t wait until it wears off. (I only had one shot)."
"I was on this pill throughout high school and don&#039;t quite remember the initial side effects. But what I will HAVE to remember for the rest of my life is the cystic acne it has given me since stopping this pill. I didn&#039;t want to be on birth control anymore but now if I want to ever have DECENT skin again, I will have to get back on the pill- but not this specific one ever again. Cystic acne is the worst, most hard to treat acne that is underneath the skin. I hate gildess for creating a mess with my hormones."
"I caught flu last week and after 4 days of congestion to the point I thought my head would explode, I took some double strength Mucinex. The pharmacist told me it was as strong as 12 cough syrups and to take it before I went to bed that very night, but after coming here first and reading reviews which claim insomnia, I decided to take it the next morning.
Wow! I can breath out of my nose and I&#039;m definitely feeling a lot better. The only problem is that it seems to have some sort of peppy ingredient in it which dries you out quickly if you&#039;re not actively drinking through the day. Still, a million times better than Lemsip!"
"Accutane IS awesome! Of course you&#039;re going be dry- but you will be clear and stay clear. Stick with it- the side effects are only temporary but clear skin forever is worth it."
"Its been a life saver for me. I have lost 61 pds since I started using Invokana. I love it. I just wish it was more affordable. I am almost at my goal weight. I look and feel great."
"I have been taking Benicar 40 mg for about 4 years. Dizziness is the only occasional trouble. Never had any problems associated with drinking alcohol even after some all-night vodka binges - no hangovers either. That was some years ago. I don&#039;t drink much nowadays. Blood pressure alternates but is never above 130/80. Interestingly, after running 7 miles (I do it once a week or so) systolic count is often below 110 and diastolic in the low sixties within 5 minutes of the run. I am 56. I am thinking of lowering to 20mg. "
"This medicine is a miracle pill. I use this as my 2nd antipsychotic med and it has helped so much in only 1 week."
"I have been using the Nuvaring for a year and at first it was great just a little uncomfortable during sex, but got used to it. The last few months I have been getting side affects to the point where I had to stop using it. It gave me anxiety, depression to the point where I felt hopeless and like I had no control of anything so I discontinued using it and side affects are going away and I feel like I have control again. I know every women&#039;s body is different so if you feel the same symptoms find another form of birth control."
"It&#039;s quite remarkable. It has eased both cravings and withdrawal."
"I&#039;ve been on accutane 3 months now. I&#039;ve had persistent acne since I was in middle school and nothing has worked besides this. Right now I&#039;ll get occasional acne but it&#039;s clear for the most part. My whole body has gotten dry because of it and is often very uncomfortable. But the worst side effect are these mood swings and depression accutane has caused me. It has really effected my relationship and I cannot help it. I&#039;m on 40 mg but it was worse when I was on 60. Even though this is a difficult side effect, I am amazed at how clear my face is so far."
"I am 19 years old and have been fighting acne for about 4 years now. I have tried just about all over the counter acne washes, creams, you name it, I&#039;ve  tried it. most did not work and the few that did work gave me an allergic reaction. I had stubborn acne that wouldn&#039;t go away and was on the verge of giving up. My dad took me to the dermatologist 3/07/13 and the next day (03/08/13) I began using Epiduo gel at night with Doryx. It is now 03/13/13 and I LOVE the visible results! My complexion looks amazing compared to what it was. I still have some acne left and some scars. However, my face is really dry and rough. I also have severe burning! Feels like my face is on fire and all I want to do is cry from the pain!"
"Very effective, cleared up in 3 days. Felt dizzy and disoriented and  uncomfortable in my stomach around the sternum. Often nauseous."
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring for about 2 months after trying 3 different birth control pills over the past 3 years. I definitely recommend it for those who have mood swings or tiredness while on the pill and need a low-dose hormonal birth control option. For me I haven&#039;t had problems with either since I started Nuvaring. The only complaint I have is that sometimes the ring gets uncomfortable during sex and dry, but I&#039;ve just gotten into a habit of taking it out."
"This is my 2nd colonoscopy in 3 years. The first prep I used made me feel very ill, so I was looking forward to trying movi prep. It took 2 hours from the completion of drinking it, for it to cause any motion. It gave me slight gurgling and cramping, but nothing like when you have stomach virus. I took the 2nd part of it at 2:30 am and it caused me to have motion almost immediately. I was worried that I wouldn&#039;t make it to the appointment without having to stop at a bathroom on the way, but I didn&#039;t. I was also worried because I never got to the point of clear stools. I told my doctor this when I arrived for the appt. The doctor ended up telling me that she saw everything fine."
"Just had gall bladder removed and then came the runs that won&#039;t stop for days. Started on Welchol and 30 mins later I was normal. It&#039;s great."
"I was on Sprintec for over 2 years, and I was satisfied with it. I changed over from Yaz after I started having breakthrough bleeding on a regular basis. It stopped the breakthrough bleeding, plus my periods were only about 3-4 days long, with the heavier days being very mild. No cramping. My face would break out a little with my cycle, but it was manageable. I did have some mood fluctuations as well with my cycle. 

Of note, when I went to have an IUD placed due to the inability to take my pill on time every day, we did find incidentally during the routine ultrasound to place the IUD that I had a large ovarian cyst. Estrogen is supposed to suppress these cysts, so this might be of interest to someone looking at Sprintec to help with cysts."
"I was diagnosed with Type 2 about 6 months ago. I was given Janumet 50/500. It worked great until about a month ago. My sugar in the mornings have risen from the 120&#039;s to anywhere up to 190. I feel pretty bad in the mornings &amp; sometimes throughout the day. I&#039;ve also noticed I sweat at night. I get nauseated a lot and vomit at times. Not sure what my doc will do when my A1C results come back."
"Insertion had a sharp pain for only about 15 seconds - I breathed through and it was fine. Cramping afterward, and from then on, my periods were a little off schedule but that was all. This has worked for me greatly. You just have to make sure its in place - my doctor cut the string long enough so I could touch it with my finger. This is a good way to keep track of it without anything going wrong, and so you can catch it if it moves. I have had worry-free sex since I got it. Its a wonderful thing, just be aware of where it is!"
"I have injured my back several times over the course of about 12 years. I have tried everything under the sun. I am currently on the 5mg ER 2 x daily and the 10mg IR 3-4 x a day for breakthrough pain. Like many people have said you have to take it on an empty stomach. This medicine works better than any other. As long as you take 2 x ER and 3-4 IR&#039;s for breakthrough per day you will have the best results. I am due for my ER&#039;s to get increased but other than that this is the best pain management I have ever had."
"Suffered from migraines my whole life but the last 6-8 months they have been everyday, all day. I have tried so many medicines with no relief and recently my Doctor put me on Neurontin.  This medicine works. I am on a low dose of 600 mg at night before bed and my days have been so much better.  I still get some headaches, but not nearly the bad migraines I was getting.  The doctor is going to increase my dose slowly until she gets me on the dose that works the best for me.  But as for now, I am slowly getting my life back."
"Hi I just want to say I have ZERO pain tolerance at all (had a LEEP ( loop electrosurgical excision procedure) under general anesthesia) and almost canceled my appointment because of the reviews and how anxious I was. Procedure took less than 2 minutes and was literally 2 SMALL cramps. I took 800 mg Ibprofen 40 minutes prior. Will update later but as of now I feel great."
"This is like eating candy. Did nothing."
"Not strong enough for me. Had to use the Lac-Hydrin 12%.  Some states require a prescription and some don&#039;t."
"I was prescribed Tri-Sprintec when I was 15 years old to regulate my period. I turn 20 in two weeks and have been taking this birth control consistently. I have had minimum issues (occasional breast tenderness-- no big deal). All birth controls have their side effects but to say that this would alter my decision to take this birth control is bizarre. I have sex with my partner about every other day and we NEVER use condoms. However, he only &quot;finishes&quot; in me once or twice every few months. Even then, I have (luckily) had no problems. I have had no weight gain or mood swings, or any other side effects. It has also kept my face perfectly clear since it doubles as an acne- fighter. Very impressed and would HIGHLY recommend to younger people."
"I was properly diagnosed with ADHD after knowing all my life, I&#039;m special. And different from the rest of my coworkers and people I meet and met.
I recently lost my job due to a &quot;rightful&quot; blowup at the my Boss&#039;s deputy, which led to all the way to a final write up. Two month later, it was discovered that I wasn&#039;t doing the daily logs, that everyone can do, but I couldn&#039;t do it easily. This behavior led to a Doctor and conclusion, I have ADHD.
At first I was on Vyvanse 20 then 40, this left me speedy and jittery, almost unable to cope in public. So I changed to Concerta XR 36. Mild and cool enough, but I don&#039;t see the difference with my ADHD. So I moved to Focalin XR 25. It&#039;s been an hour since my taking it at 3pm. I feel it."
"I went to the ER with aneurysm symptoms and was administered Stadol Via IV. The nurse explained that it would make me sleepy and help with the pain in my head. Immediately I felt a little sleepy followed by nauseous and very  warm all over. Within a few minutes I started to feel VERY uncomfortable in my own skin. I felt as if I had a horrible hangover or something. As I fell asleep I began having horrible nightmares. This experience was the first time I&#039;ve been given the drug to my knowledge. Overall it made me feel kind of panicked and frightened. I hopefully will never be given this medication again."
"Ok, so today is the 1st day I have tried this medication. I had a protein shake for breakfast and I have not wanted anything else. I have not been hungry nor have I craved any sweets! This is a good thing! I really hope this continues. :-)"
"I love this medication, I&#039;ve been on it for years and it does double duty for me- Both as an allergy medication and Anxiety. While I&#039;ve built up a tolerance to if over the years, I love that it&#039;s non-addictive and calms my mind enough that I can relax. While it doesn&#039;t make me sleepy, it does allow me to be calm and after an episode of high anxiety, this often does lead me to sleep. While not for everyone, I personally love it."
"I started taking this for &quot;morning sickness&quot; during my 3rd pregnancy.  In the past I had dealt with extreme nausea and vomiting the first trimester which made me so dehydrated I was hospitalized several times.  This time around I was at my wits end and tried all the anti-nausea medicines except this.  After taking it, the nausea completely disappeared.  Like another user I felt dizziness and headache at first but that soon was gone and I was normal.  Can&#039;t say enough about this!  A lifesaver for anyone who knows what it&#039;s like to throw up for weeks on end."
"This is my first time using Monistat Day 1. I will literally never use this again in my life. I have never had yeast infection &amp; I&#039;m 25. I think it&#039;s due to my birth control which I just started taking a month ago. I put the ovule in and as soon as I used the cream which was right after I inserted the ovule, I was in agony! I used wipes to wipe off the anti-itch cream. Now I&#039;m laying in my bed, with my eyes full of tears. I have some mild itching &amp; burning sensation. I&#039;m just praying that I&#039;ll live through the night. I just texted me mom whom works with my OBGYN to tell her to prescribe me something asap! Because I can&#039;t do this. And if my birth control makes me have continuous YI then I&#039;m done with it."
"Day 1 morning was fine.  By 2 pm I had a miserable headache.  Went home got straight in bed and didn&#039;t wake up for 12 hours.  Day 2 I took pill in morning again, felt light-headed all day and got dull headache by end of day.  Day 3 I took pill in morning and by noontime, OMG - I felt horrible and went to bed.  I haven&#039;t had another pill since day 3 and it&#039;s now Day 6 and I&#039;m still feeling miserable.  I just want this medicine out of my body."
"I&#039;m very tall and very overweight. Six months on a controlled diet and exercise program yielded no results. My doctor put me on Victoza, suspecting some sort of metabolism issue (fasting blood sugar was a constant 101 for several years). Starting dose of 0.6 gave me a 20 minute headache each morning and left me lethargic. It got better in a week, upped to 1.2, same thing started. 20 minute headache, no energy. Again, it got better each day. Hit maintenance level of 1.8 and the weight began pouring off me at roughly a pound a day! A very effective appetite suppressant and my fasting blood sugar averages 91 now."
"I would rate this a 10 for treating GERD; however, I am giving it a 7 due to side effects.  I have had no problems with GERD since beginning the medicine but I am experiencing an increase in blood pressure.  I also am experiencing dizziness, heart palpitations, shortness of breath, tightness in my throat, pressure in my chest that makes me feel like I am going to vomit (although I do not feel nauseated), and just a general overall bad feeling.  This does not happen until the extended release of the medication occurs at about 4-5 hours after administration.  Although it treats my GERD symptoms great I have decided it is not worth the other side effects that I am having."
"I was prescribed this drug for insomnia. I never felt it kick in, so as an experiment I stayed up waiting to feel it. I never did. When I took it before bed I found waking and functioning the next morning rougher than the time I hadn&#039;t been on the medication. I stopped this medication because I felt worse taking it."
"I love the NuvaRing! It&#039;s easy, I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill, my periods are light. The only side effect I&#039;ve had while being on it, was I was bleeding while having sex. After speaking to my doctor about it, she told me this is VERY common and I can keep my ring out for up to 2 hours to have sex. So that&#039;s the only negative. Having to take out my birth control every time I&#039;m about to have sex. Other than that, I strongly recommend NuvaRing."
"Debated long and hard, but finally asked my OBGYN for Wellbutrin XL for hormonal mood issues. I work for a psychiatrist so I&#039;m well informed of my options and felt this medication was my first choice for symptoms and fewest chances of unwanted sexual and weight gain side effects.  2 weeks into treatment at 150mg.  Feeling an overall clear and light heartedness.  This week should be the height of my PMS and I am not cranky!  Also helping a lot with decreasing appetite and smoking is very unappealing.  Very minor stomach unsettle, and I&#039;ve been waking more in the middle of the night, but side effects generally mild and tolerable.  May ask to increase dose to 300mg.  I wish I had asked for this medication sooner!"
"Negative and potentionally dangerous experience. All Movantik did for me was give me gas and painful cramps all day/night. For the entire 2 weeks I took it I did not have any BM. Thankfully I was switched back to my regular OIC medicine and could make.  If I would have continued to take Movantik, I was running the risk of a serious blockage being created from that medicine, so I strongly recommend that if this does not work for someone within 14 days to immediately consult a doctor!"
"Works great for me, very effective."
"I have been on a lot of narcotics since my injury and this one seems to be one of the best."
"I have a 10 year old who is autistic, is the size of a 13 year old, and has had severe panic and tantrums since he was 4 years old. He is also going through puberty early.

We have tried just about every medication and he has had severe side effects, until Buspar.

We started with 5mg twice a day for 2 weeks and now are 10mg twice a day. Within 36 hours we noticed a considerable change in his physical symptoms (he is non-verbal and cannot tell us what is wrong/or what hurts)
The school is sending home notes saying he is learning to calm himself and self regulate better and is having more spontaneous language and learning at school.

We supplement the Buspar with 3mg daily of risperdal and are hoping to phase out the RISPERDAL this year."
"I wish I would have read the reviews first !!!!! Horrible !!!! As I&#039;m sitting on the toilet about to pass out !!! Horrible nausea cramps and dizziness !! Gets the job done but dang !! I&#039;d rather be constipated !"
"WONDER DRUG. 
My story may be different, I was going to the ER it seemed like every other day for high BP 200/something,  pulse high, they would run test EKG, blood work, give me Ativan and send me home. Later my Dr put me on a BP pills and my Psychologist put me on  Ativan and another anxiety medication, took it for a few years then got off, I was doing better, ... Life was great. Then it happened again
I went to the ER three days straight, once I even called the ambulance. The ER Dr. made me an appt with my Psychologist that day,  my Psyc told me about this medication, my last reading for my BP was 139/91 but the week before it was 176/109 and no panic attacks I take 60mg x2 a day."
"I have been on Depo for a year and now I think it would be good to take a break. After about 3 injections I saw no sign of a period whatsoever, but after about a year I have gained about 10lbs and some minor acne. BUT- I had terrible heavy periods that I would throw up from the pain from before, and Depo elimnated my pain and really helped me be more functional. It did change my mood, I have been a little depressed over the last year so I think that while I can safely be off birth-control I should for a while. It worked great as a birth control and saved me from my periods. What I&#039;ve heard about not getting your period back for a while and bone density loss does worry me, I&#039;ll definitely use Depo again though. SO CONVENIENT."
"I have been on Armour for 13 years minimal symptoms.. Steady TSH and optimal F T3."
"Got my first and last depo shot in September. I got the shot during my usual spotting that happens right before my period. After the shot, spotting stops, period is a no show, and my PMS symptoms go away. Sounds great, right? 10 days after the shot and I start getting brown discharge that has gotten heavier and occasionally more pink with no end in sight (19 days and counting). This is accompanied by cramps, ache, and zero sex drive, but who&#039;d wanna have sex with all that nasty brown discharge. Now I know how the shot is so effective at preventing pregnancy."
"I started having panic attacks at age 26, I&#039;m now 56. Those were the worst things a person could go thru. My first shrink in 86 put me on Haldol. Oh my God, that was horrible. I was on different medications until 1994 when I got on klonopin. That pill is a miracle drug. I don&#039;t have to take it everyday anymore but I always carry it with me in my purse just in case. I do take other meds for depression and they also help but nothing like klonopin. Because I hear it can contribute to Alzheimer&#039;s I try not to take it daily. That&#039;s all I need ontop of my other mental problems. I would advise anyone to take klonopin for major panic attacks but try not to take a lot of it for long periods. Maybe in conjunction with something else u can take less."
"As an alternative to Clonazepam, I tried a natural anxiety remedy called Zenapin which was reviewed well by several sources. STAY AWAY FROM ZENAPIN. This &#039;natural&#039; remedy made me dizzy with a constant headache. Don&#039;t belive the hype. This Product Is Bad For You!"
"This med is great! Suffered from anxiety three years ago after worrying about my child which led to chronic insomnia and depression. Desperate to sleep and eat, doctor prescribed Remeron (Mirt brand) three years ago. From the first night, I had night after night of peaceful restorative sleep. It didn&#039;t help much with my depression so added lexapro and kept using remeron at night for sleep. 30 mg was too high and settled at 1/2 of a 15 mg tablet (scored tab can be cut in half). The lower the dose, the more sleeping affect and I don&#039;t get the munchies at 7.5 mg. Much better than ambien for those with chronic insomnia that must take something regularly to sleep. Never have a hangover from it and feel refreshed the next day."
"The only thing I hate is the pen injector pushes very hard it actually bothers my thumb joint after 6 months I have to use my other hand to push the injector button in. They need to get them like my lantuas which hardly takes any effort. I will probrably switch back to lantuas just because of that.
You think after all the effort put into creating insulin they wouldn&#039;t cut corners on the injection pen.."
"No relief at all for my back pain."
"I read most of the reviews, here is my story.  I am older maybe the age of most posters mother.  Had sex around 6:00 am, took pill by noon on the same day.  This item is behind the pharmacy in my area, make sure you on their website to know which stores sell it in your area. Some said this did not during ovulation, For me, I was on day four of my ovulation week and it worked for me.....I read that some people got sick, or felt nausea, I did not.     I took the pill with a full meal.   I also did not feel bad in the week after, and my period started one day ahead of schedule..... Maybe cause I am older, I recommended please take right away if you need success ; better to pay 43.00 then have to go through other options."
"Frova works very well for me, and has been my go-to for 10  years.  Back in the day, different &quot;triptans&quot; worked okay for a couple of years, and then I had to switch to something different, as eventually they all lost their efficacy over time.  Not this. Frova is still working just as well today, as it did when I started using it 10  years ago."
"I had my birth control implant since February 2015 and my face had broken out so bad, face acne and worse back acne. I had mood swings and I actually think it&#039;s making me lose weight. It&#039;s terrible for me I&#039;m getting it removed next week !"
"I have severe agoraphobia for 12 or so years. It&#039;s very hard to get outside. I have been on Prozac, Celexa, Zoloft, Paxil, Effexor and Buspirone. I have maxed out them all. Each one has stopped working so now I take Wellbutrin 150 twice a day, Buspirone 15mg 3 times and  Effexor 100mg 3 times a day. I was just taking Buspirone and Effexor and I still couldn&#039;t get outside. My doctor started me on Wellbutrin so now I take all 3 with no side effects. Took a few days for it to kick in now I can go out in yard to the store, but is still hard. But adding Wellbutrin helped a lot. I would recommend it if it doesn&#039;t help you can always go off it and try something else."
"I&#039;ve been on Portia for over a year and can&#039;t complain.  I have always had terrible cramps, on the verge of endometriosis, and this is the first birth control of several I&#039;ve been on that has actually reduced the cramps - and quite significantly.  I don&#039;t really have problems with PMS at all, but have noticed a lower sex drive.  But my periods last 2 days now, and are pretty light, so it&#039;s treated me well."
"Reclipsen has worked perfectly for me. It has not made me gain weight, hasn&#039;t made me moody, and it controls my period. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant while using it and I&#039;ve never worried that I have been pregnant. I would recommend this to anybody that wants to go on the pill."
"I&#039;ve been taking Xarelto for 1 month now for pulmonary embolism and deep vein thrombosis. I haven&#039;t experienced many side effects. It seems to be working great except my period is extremely heavy and I&#039;m taking an iron supplement."
"I&#039;m 55 and started not sleeping through the night especially after frequent business trips about 10 years ago. Started taking Ambien as needed, then almost every night which left me not feeling rested and recently only sleeping 3 or 4 hours. Doctor suggested 1 or 2 50mg Trazodone. I tried first time about 10 days ago. 1 made me feel physically very relaxed, like a muscle relaxer, but did not sleep. 2 almost made me feel sick...almost flu like. I finally fell asleep about 6 hours after I took it, and it was such a weird heavy sleep...I couldn&#039;t move. Last night I decided to try again. Same thing, heavy feeling but light sleep. Actually woke up 6 hrs later, read for a bit, then super heavy sleep but dreamed a lot. I couldn&#039;t get up until 9:15"
"Took clindamycin, two 150 mg every 6 hrs for 7 days. I was hesitant to take this because I&#039;ve had C. diff before from taking Cipro several months ago. I had cellulitis from bee stings and I had no side effects from taking clindamycin...except to make sure to have food in your tummy when taking this because it does give heartburn if your tummy is empty. Other than that, I am thankful that I had no side effects from this. I&#039;m sorry to hear those who are extremely sensitive to this strong antibiotic but it has surely helped cute my cellulitis."
"After experiencing GERD for years and then discovering a hiatal hernia, I had a Nissen fundoplication surgery. Before the surgery I had never thought of surgery as an option. But the GERD got so bad  that I went to the ER with heart complaints. My stomach had gone into my abdomen and was causing breathing problems. There were no heart problems it was concluded after many tests and  $22,000 bill, cover mostly by Medicare.

So I went back to my internist and she sent me to a gastroenterologist who said there was a solution. I said, can you operate today, Jokingly. Secretly, I really meant it because I was in so much pain and had a great loss of energy. After doing some tests she scheduled me for surgery the following week.  I&#039;m like, I wish I had done this  20 years ago. I have very little discomfort which I can handle with the generic of Zantac. I feel 20 years younger, and I&#039;m almost to 80! 

For those of you who don&#039;t know about the surgery, I definitely recommend that you look into it. It solved so many problems for me. And following it up with a simple acid reducer makes life doable again."
"So far, so good!  I&#039;ve had rosacea for over 20 years.  I&#039;ve had good days and bad days.  It seemed like the bad days were coming more often, my confidence level plummeted, and the disease was affecting me at work, socially, etc. I was hesitant to try anything new from my dermatologist as it seemed like nothing was working. I figured that I had nothing to lose trying the Soolantra, as my doctor provided me with a few samples.  Within days of using the Soolantra, my face looked and felt great!  I&#039;ve been using it for about a month now with glowing (pun intended) results.  I look and feel fabulous.  Kudos to Soolantra!"
"The side effects outweighed any benefits. Extreme fatigue, weight gain, muscle and joint soreness."
"I started Effexor at my lowest dose, 37.5mg and then was bumped up to 75XR and now 75XR twice a day. I can honestly say it&#039;s been life changing. Not only did my anxiety go away, but I sleep better and I can function. I used to wake up at 11-12:30pm in the morning/afternoon now I can wake up at 7am without a problem. I am really happy with this medication. Before I was hazardous, suffering from anxiety after a terrible accident. I couldn&#039;t even drive now I can. And also, it helped tremendously along with Adderall for my GPA. Went from a 2.4 to a 3.6 GPA and deans list! My life changed."
"I&#039;m on my second implant and must say I always thought my problems where in my head. I had my first one inserted 5 years ago and must say I had no problems with it at all. No or hardly any bleeding and even lost weight with it. I had it taken out as we were trying for a Baby and fell pregnant within a month after it had been taken out, so I decided to go back onto it after our daughters birth. But this time it was the opposite... I got acne which I never had in my life and I&#039;m 33. I&#039;m constantly bleeding, gone of sex, got constant thrush to the point that my Hubby went crazy accusing me of sleeping around. And also I got a dermatitis on my head which is very itchy. I&#039;m going to have it removed next week."
"I have been on Myrbetric and Vesacare for about nine months. I had dry mouth and some heart racing but didn&#039;t connect it to the medication. My migraines also occurred with more frequency but again I didn&#039;t connect it to the medication until I read the entries on this site.  Last week, all of a sudden, the drugs stopped working and I became unable to control my bladder. I have to take peridium every eight hours or I am in pain like I have a UTI but my urine culture is clear. My doctor is scheduling me for Botox injections via cystoscopy.  I hope it works because I can barely leave the house."
"Worked for me the first year I took it but then it started to have really bad side effects. I have ADD but I don&#039;t have hyperactivity and I was getting socially awkward and having anxiety and even depression. 

I don&#039;t recommend it for someone who&#039;s not hyperactive."
"Bactrim has always worked to clear up my uti infections. I have never had any bad experiences with this drug. I love it  
800/120 twice a day for 5 days is what has worked for me."
"no help whatsoever.  I read in the old AMA Drug Evaluation Guide that it was found be no better than a placebo in blinded trials."
"50 Year old male, 6&#039;5&quot; 210 lbs, I have had migraines for ten plus years.  I am on 100mgs of Topamax twice a day which gave me four to five migraine a month.  Doctor put me on 250mgs Depakote and so far I am down to one migraine a month with no side effects from the Depakote - that I can tell.  I call that a win!"
"I had high hopes for this birth control. Heard a lot of great things... And then I tried it myself. 17 days is all I have lasted. Today is Day 17. I&#039;m 37. I already have issues with depression and acne and have heard good things from other&#039;s who had normally suffered from these things and that the ring changed their life. Well, Day 17 and I can&#039;t stop crying. I&#039;ve been beyond depressed in weird stages. I&#039;ve had a headache that has lasted over a week. And I have a handful of new cystic acne in weird places beyond my face. Placement was fine and I rarely felt it. Can&#039;t wear tampons with it. Not weird during sex either, except I haven&#039;t had an orgasm for two weeks! And this is my experience... Good luck, I know everyone is different...."
"I started this pill almost two years ago when I was sixteen and took faithfully. I had a boyfriend from15 to 18 and I never got pregnant so that just shows how good it works..but on the hormonal side I took it every night at 9:00 and didn&#039;t have to deal with nausea or anything like people say they get.It kinda helped my acne and my periods were super light the first day my cramps would hurt but after I was good and it only last like 3 days.Also, it can make your digestive system whack so drink water. But, recently I have broke out a ton and been hormonal so I decided it&#039;s time to switch! Wish me luck! (:"
"First birth control is been on so I had high expectations and they were completely crushed. I&#039;ve never had headaches in my life but had constant terrible headaches on the patch and awful mood swings. Was constantly emotional and crying and just generally felt awful all around. Within the first 2 weeks I had already started rapidly gaining weight and it didn&#039;t slow down at all, within the short span I had taken the patch (3 months?) I went from maintaining around 110-113lbs to maintaining 123-125lbs and not being able to lose weight AT ALL!!! I was worried about weight gain, stuck to my pre bc regime and still gained the weight. Worst part is that even 8 months after I got off the medication I still haven&#039;t been able to lose the weight gained"
"My doctor warned me about depression and other side effects. I have had no depression and very mild nausea. The dreams are more vivid or out-there but kind of funny. I noticed a difference 3 days into my treatment and continue to reduce daily. Been smoking for 25 years and have tried many other options including other medicines. Chantix is definitely working for me and looking forward to quitting."
"i used the one day monistat after my shower around 9pm a little while after it did start to burn then i went and used the restroom and the burning went away after I wiped . Later around 1245 am i went to the bathroom again and the gel and the discharge came out . the minutes of pain might have been worth it the others might have got it worst than me but I recommend it ."
"I had broken my heel in 3 places and fractured my ankle. I was given morphine for the intense pain but morphine didn&#039;t last long. I finally received dilaudid through an IV which made all the difference in the world! Dilaudid for me took away the horrible pain and made me sleep a lot. Spent 5 days in the hospital and don&#039;t remember much."
"For the first 3 months it worked but after the 4th and 5th month that had passed it had given horrible side effects such as very bad acne ( I never use to break out) and weight gain of 12 lbs within a month ( I use to be in a healthy weight.) The only pro for this pill is no cramps and lighter period. I am contacting my gyno as soon as possible to get off this horrible pill."
"Less than a month of taking the pill I have had serious mood swings (lashing in anger, extreme depression) and bad bleeding. Boobs got bigger however. Good for some, not for others."
"I just started this medicine a matter of days ago. I am so happy to read all of these reviews. It gives me hope. I have been suffering from depression since I was 16. I am now 24. After meeting the love of my life. He took on me and my two girls from a previous relationship. He is everything I could as for. But I still was not happy. I sit around and eat. I have gained so much weight. All from my depression. I have such high hopes that after trying, Paxil, Prozac and a couple others..that this will work for me. And give me my life back. My girls nor my boyfriend deserve the person I have became. Thank you everyone for sharing."
"Didn&#039;t like the caffeine addition of this medication, it kept me awake at night, however, it did significantly help my headaches. Very thankful for the relief!"
"I have stage 4 breast cancer and the looks at the hospital were not pretty-it did not look good for me. I have been on Letrozole for 6 months and it is working. The tumors are shrinking or disappearing and I feel so much better.  My hands feet and legs are stiff but so what- I stretch them to loosen up, my hair is thinning but so what, there are other things I can use to cover my head.  If God put this drug to cure me, I can take these small inconveniences.  I am happy to know that this joint pain is caused by the medication. I would like to know if the medication actually heals and makes  you cancer free and it can end or if medication is needed for my life. I am 54 almost 55 and if this pill can give me life, small side effects are ok"
"I had my Liletta inserted February 2016 and could no longer take the bleeding at random times. Always bleeding during intimacy. I had it removed October 2016  two days after my partner and I were intimate.  I experienced  light bleeding the week following for 2 days and no clotting. Yesterday I passed one clot and nothing else. I&#039;m wonder if anyone has had this happen? If so, when can I expect my first period to come as it will be 3 weeks next week."
"Four weeks on Chantix worked.  I stopped taking the drug a week ago and still don&#039;t have the desire to smoke.  I definitely experienced nausea and have had the worst sleep of my life over the last month.  I had a hard time falling asleep and an even harder time staying asleep.  Another side effect has been weight gain.  Over the course of the last 18 years I&#039;ve gained 25 pounds, and 15 of that 25 has been in the last 4 weeks!  Lastly, I (and those around me) have noticed that I&#039;m extremely irritable and aggressive.  In my first couple of days off the meds I felt depression like I never have and was even more irritable.  The weight gain still continues."
"I have had the implant for 3 years and am due to get it taken out next week. Whilst the implant has been effective at stopping pregnancy, I have had a lot of unpleasant side effects. One being weight gain, I have gained around 2.5 stone and always seem to bloated. Period wise, for the first year and a half I had no periods whatsoever until they came back and I got very light but painful periods every few months that lasted 2 days each time. Other things I have noticed are I get pain in my breasts occasionally, poor sex drive, bad mood swings and worsened eczema. I don&#039;t plan on getting the implant again due to the side effects, however it seems to be effective at stopping pregnancy and stopping periods or making them light."
"My Dr. just put me on Hysingla ER about a week ago. I take them faithfully every morning at 10a.m. and every morning I wake up with withdrawals.  I have to take 2-4 hydro&#039;s besides the ER during the day for breakthrough pain, when I wake up in the morning, wow!!! My heart races, my palms are sweaty, extreme anxiety.  I&#039;ve been having to take a regular hydro in the mornings before the Hysingla ER just to tolerate the withdrawals &amp; pain!  Maybe being that it has only been going on 1 week since starting that it&#039;s wearing off before the 24hrs. not sure, but I know this never happened with Oxycontin.  Will have to wait &amp; see, if not better by my next appt. I am definitely changing medications."
"I just started the pill (phentermine 37.50) a week ago. I love that I don&#039;t feel hungry. I don&#039;t have any side effects other than a dry mouth.  I do have high blood pressure and my pressure has been fine.  I take it first thing in the morning so that it won&#039;t keep me up at night.  I started at 200lbs and I am 5&#039;7&quot; and now I am 192.5 pounds, a loss of 7.5lbs in 1 week.  I do work out about 4 times a week and I just started to eat more salads and I still do eat pizza once in a while.  My appetite has really decreased and sometime I have to make myself eat. I still drink red wine twice a week. I am trying to reach 140lbs.  I will continue to post to this site.  I drink water all the time but I need to anyway."
"This medicine saved my life, it helped me cope with my panic disorder!"
"I love this pill and I&#039;m surprised it has so many poor reviews on this website, but I guess it really goes to show you that it&#039;s all about finding a form of birth control that works for you. For me, Mononessa is just that. PROS: Cheap (I only pay about $10/month, but I was getting it free for a while) with no negative emotional or mental effects (I find this pill actually increases my mood!). I used to have extremely painful cramps on the first two days of my period, but that pain has dramatically decreased since taking this pill. Lingering acne on my face has also vanished. CONS: Occasional light spotting with a small breakout a week or so before period. I have gained a few extra pounds, but I&#039;ve managed most of it with diet and exercise."
"Thank you to those of you that mentioned that Belviq takes more than a few days to reach peak performance. I guess when you think about it, since it works on serotonin, most medications like that take a couple of weeks to start really working.  I was on it 4-5 days and was still craving things and was mad. I noticed today when I got up that I was not wanting to eat until like 1:30 pm.
If you can say anymore about that, it would be helpful. thanks"
"All the positive reviews on here are written by paidpeople and MNKD shareholders. Afrezza isn&#039;t being prescribed because it&#039;s an expensive drug with unknown long term effects on the lungs. Proceed with caution"
"Last August I had the Mirena instered. I was 20 at the time and knew that I did not want any children for the next 5 years. I was really nervous about getting the Mirena because I&#039;ve never had any children before and heard that the pain was awful. The GYN doctor that I was seeing prescribed me Misoprostol to insert into the vagina to soften the cervix. I also took some Ibuprofen an hour before the procedure. During the procedure I did have A LOT of pain, (as expected), but nothing that was not bearable. I experienced a lot of cramping pain during the dilation and insertion of the procedure and also 2 days after the procedure. I love the Mirena now and no longer have a menstrual cycle or cramping. I&#039;ve not had any complications so far! "
"I got on this site just to see if Monistat 1 cured most yeast infections, and for the most part, I&#039;m reading that it does. I used the insert last night, and I didn&#039;t experience the itching and burning that most of the reviews are talking about. I actually felt relief after inserting the ovule. I know everyone&#039;s different, but I just didn&#039;t feel the burn. I woke up this morning with some serious swelling, and mild itch that seems to have already gotten better from yesterday. It&#039;s too soon to say whether the product will successfully heal the infection, but I&#039;ve had good luck with it so far :) Best of luck, YIs SUCK!"
"I&#039;ve been on 200 mg twice a day and my seizures have improved"
"I am new to the birth control but I&#039;m 18 years old and decided to give it a try. I have pretty bad acne and I heard that this pill could help. For the first two weeks my acne was a lot worse but I&#039;m on the third week now and it&#039;s all cleared up now. I take the pill at night so I don&#039;t get tired during the day and it helps me sleep like a baby! I didn&#039;t have any nausea or mood swings, although a few times I have gotten more aggravated at little things people do. I was super horny the first week but that has dialed down a little bit but not enough that I have no sex drive. I have been a little bloated but I haven&#039;t gained weight. I wish that my breats would grow more than they have. All in all, a great pill for me."
"I was having dizziness shortly after taking the pill.  I kept taking it for almost a month when I had a fainting spell and decided I had to stop it.  My doctor agreed that I should.  I am an 80 year old woman just recently diagnosed with AF.  I am back on 81mg aspirin.  I am not diabetic or have any other maladies.  I&#039;m glad for those who it works for, I&#039;m just not one of them."
"Short lived but effective painkiller.   I tend to get more dizzy and lightheaded from it than hydrocodone but the painkilling effects are similar.   I rarely took the recommended dose on the bottle because it affected me so much.  1/2 a pill seemed sufficient.  Takes only about 30 minutes to start taking effect."
"I am at the end of my second month. I am 20 days smoke free. I have not had most  of the side effects listed. I did have a problem with gas and snoring at night that my husband would have to sleep in another room. I am very happy with this product and hope I can continue to be a non-smoker."
"I started Adipex 37.5 a week ago today 04-07-2016 and I have gained 3 pounds??? I don&#039;t understand why it&#039;s not working I&#039;m using my fitness pal to help track my meals but the most I get out of these is a headache and I&#039;m very moody. I called my doctor but today is Saturday to see why I haven&#039;t been so successful as the others that I have been reading about my start date was 268.5 when I weighed myself today and 272 I&#039;m so disappointed I paid $100 for the pills in Detroit, Michigan and my repeat visits are $75.
I am not hungry but very gasy. I eat 3 meals per day and have not worked out yet."
"Was given this for a migraine. Within minutes I felt numb, my heart raced and everything went white as I hit the floor.  Needless to say I&#039;ve been labeled allergic to it."
"I have been taking this medication for approximately l month  and have lost  23 pounds.  Have not had to take the tablet at night because I am not hungry.  I do have a little more energy but am having trouble with sleep.  It did cause me to have severe constipation.  My doctor told me to take pericolace. It is very expensive so I bought the cheaper equivalent.  I take one in the AM and 1 in the PM.  I take a bundle of medications which also cause constipation, tiredness, sleepiness, drowsiness.  So, I don&#039;t think the Contrave is  the problem, but it did add to it. I do forget to eat and am worried about getting enough protein. So, I bought ENSURE.  I seem to have more energy and forget to eat because I am not hungry."
"I had the implant in for a year and a half gained over 2 stone and my arm I had the rod inserted was always numb and tingly feeling. I always felt bloated and  swollen,  puffy looking all over.  I hated it - the only good thing was it protected me from falling pregnant. It just wasn&#039;t for me. Everyone is different.  It  just took me long enough to get it removed and I instantly felt better.  Now I have no hungry cravings ad on it I was hungry all the time and never satisfied. I  could eat all day got really out of hand "
"Best medicine I ever been put on. Started off with two 0.05mg a day then to five 0.5 a day, and I&#039;m Down to Three 1.0 MG a day and it&#039;s starting to not work as good. So I need to talk to my doctor and up the dose to at least 4 or 5 MG for my really bad anxiety and depression!"
"I am on gabapentin for anxiety 300mg 3x a day I feel great I was on 100mg 3x a day for 2yrs and they just upped it. I feel good again I just get over the tired feeling again but I would tell anyone who try this med works wonders. I didnt know how good was til he upped it I was a mess I couldn&#039;t even make work. I&#039;m off next couple weeks so med can adjust but been a week and already feel alot better"
"Had Mirena inserted due to heavy bleeding and cramping. Did wonders right away. My periods were very light while on it. However I began having back and leg pain almost immediately, and after 3 1/2 months had a major attack of sciatica, to the point that o could hardly walk. This occurred 4 weeks ago and I&#039;m still having pain and numbness in my back, leg and foot. Had iud removed as I&#039;ve read that this can be a side effect."
"I have been using Nuvaring for about 4 months and I love it. I was a little scared to get on birth control because everyone just says negative things. I have not noticed any emotional differences. No mood swings or depression. The only side effects I have noticed are the first few days after I put a ring in I experience loss of appetite and some bloating. Overall I am very pleased. My boyfriend never feels it and it has never fallen out during sex. I will continue to use Nuvaring."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from Anxiety, nervousness and depression for the last 6 years. I&#039;ve taken 150mg Zoloft for 8 weeks and while my depression is OK, my anxiety is still there. I take 125mg Trazadone to help me sleep. I&#039;m tapering down my diazepam (valium) which first helped but  than made me worse.

I just started Gabapentin 3 days ago.The first day I took 100mg and it really relaxed me, even better than any benzo can now. Side effects are blurred vision, dizziness and weakness. Hope these will go away in the next two weeks."
"Okay so I had unprotected sex about 3 days into my period, 12th of Feb and then my period completely stopped. I took plan b about 3 hours after having sex and experienced some spotting but no other symptoms really. I had protected sex three times during I was waiting for my period. My period came over a month later. So I&#039;d say 15th of March about and it&#039;s lighter than what I thought it would be. So ladies try not to panic it does work although I&#039;m going to carry condoms and sort out my  contraception!"
"Started a 10 day regimen 3 days ago for a sinus infection but stopped today. Terrible GI reaction with diarrhea. Also now having restless legs at night."
"Umm never again. One squirt - 5 mins later my vision was blurry, my heart was racing, my arms and legs felt like jello and 30 mins later I was having body aches all over the place like I had the flu. Will NOT be taking this medication ever again"
"I have taken Levora for the past 2  years. During this time I have gained 30 lbs. Libido has decreased and I get lightheaded after sex (not sure if this is typical!) No pregnancy while on this pill. No substantial acne issues. I do like that my periods now occur regularly every month for a shorter amount of time (2-3 days rather than 5-6 days every 30-70 days). Period cramping is not nearly as bad as before taking the pill. Still, I am very unhappy about the weight gain. It may be a combination of this medication and other lifestyle changes I&#039;ve had during the past 2-3 years."
"Been constipated for about 4/5 days, usual feeling bloated tired so I decided to try Dulcolax. Took 2 at 22.30 woke at 08.00 wanting to vomit, after another half an hour had the most excruciating abdominal pain, really felt like ripping rather than cramps. So bad I was unable to stand with the pain which was just as well as I was so hot/cold sweaty I almost fainted, could feel my blood pressure dropping. But to be fair when I went to the loo it certainly worked. I&#039;ve had three children I know pain! I still feel nauseous and have bearable stomach cramps. If I were to take it again I would probably only have 1 tablet."
"I was looking for reviews for a while trying to find someone who took the pill as late as I did and I couldn&#039;t find any so this is my experience. I Had sex a week and a half ago on April 22nd. We didn&#039;t use protection and I am not on birth control. It was very in the moment and honestly we had been drinking so I wasn&#039;t sure on how sharp his judgement was on pulling out. I ended up taking plan B the following Tuesday night on the 25th so almost 72 hours later which was really cutting it close. I was nervous about it because I had to go to work and still had classes but I ended up feeling fine.  I had absolutely no side effects and got my period right on time which was one week after taking the pill."
"I have been taking this medicine for 4 weeks now and my weight keeps going up - 15 pounds in the last three weeks - also I feel dizzy from out of the blue. Watching T.V - folding laundry - eating lunch - sitting standing or lying... its all the same.   "
"My Pain is completely alleviated with this medication when in normal use.  I am on a 3 day schedule in changing the patches.  I did try to go on a 2 day schedule as well, but then I experience too many unwanted side effects (drowsiness, feeling &#039;high&#039;, etc) so I asked to go back to 3 days.  After about 2 and 1/4 days the patch doesn&#039;t seem to work, so the final 3/4 day I really start to feel the pain and withdrawal symptoms.  

I sometimes feel the loss of &#039;control&#039; with the patch because of the time it takes for it to become effective and the amount of time it goes out of your system.  In other words, if a patch rips (I&#039;ve had 2 do so in the last year) I start to feel the medicine pouring into my system and I have to immediately take off the patch."
"Hello Friends,
Well this is my 2nd day on Saxenda and all is well. This is not my first time around the bush, I am a young at heart 61 year old. I tried many many weight loss aids over the years. Victoza, powders, etc..... 
But something happened to me yesterday when I took my first dose of Saxenda, I got a tingling feeling that went all over my body. Which was very surprising to me. My beginning weight is 218.0 and I&#039;m praying that  I can loose 75 lbs that would be a dream come true. I&#039;ll be 143 my goal weight. I noticed the weight made me get chicken neck, and my eye lids started drooping over my eyes. That made my sad, I want to get healthier I started walking and eating better so hopefully this time I can make it! Please wish me luck &lt;3"
"Started victoza in decemberror  2015, now in April 2016, I&#039;m down 45 lbs. It has help control my appetite. I have some constipation. But no other symptoms. I was on Lantus but have been able to stop using it and blood sugars have remained in low 100&#039;s. I am currently on 1.2ml."
"I fell and injured my knees.  I have had pain for three weeks.  With one application of this medication I was pain free.  Of course I am in the process of x-rays and an MRI if needed.  I really like this drug.  I only wish my insurance would cover it on the lower end.  I cannot afford to keep using it at the price it is now.  It is NOT very expensive but I am on a limited budget.  I give this medication a 10 if not more."
"I&#039;ve had the Kyleena for about 4 months. The insertion was virtually painless, as the doctor put numbing cream on me. Of course I had cramps afterwards but they went away after a week or so. My periods have been very irregular. When I get my period, I continue to spot for weeks. I&#039;m hoping this will subside. I&#039;ve also experienced acne problems which is something I&#039;ve never had a problem with before. I&#039;m getting acne on my face, back and chest. The string on my Kyleena has also recoiled. The doctor confirmed that it is still in place, but I can no longer feel the strings which worries me sometimes. I would recommend kyleena for birth control because it works. There are some side effects but I think they are worth it in the end."
"My first time on this medication, so far I&#039;m not impressed. I&#039;m on day 3 right now for a sinus infection and I still feel basically the same as I did the day I went in to see the dr, only my throat is incredibly MORE sore and I&#039;m coughing when I wasn&#039;t before. Having trouble sleeping and I have no appetite. Hopefully I will see some improvement in the next day or two."
"While I have only been on this medication, I feel so much better. I didn&#039;t become ill at all through the winter."
"Extremely effective birth control that makes me feel confident and safe as a single young woman. My friends have had pregnancy scares while taking the pill so it is nice that Mirena removes all that fear since I don&#039;t risk pregnancy by forgetting to take a pill. However, the insertion was excruciating and an absolutely horrible experience. I don&#039;t regret it though because it has completely stopped my menstruation saving me so much money on period products."
"I took this medication on Christmas Eve in 2015. Twenty minutes after taking a single pill, I don&#039;t remember the dosage, I completely blacked out. My face had gotten extremely red and I had dropped an entire plate of hot food on myself. My mother changed my clothes and I woke up an hour later, not knowing what had happened, and wondering why I was wearing different clothes. One half of my tongue was numb for about a week and a half. It was an absolutely terrifying experience."
"After taking Nexium for a year with little relief, I asked for something BETTER...they were hesitant due to the cost (that&#039;s a shame, but true) and after a few samples, I was CONVINCED that it was a miracle and worth the extra money. I have been on it over 6 months now and my husband hasn&#039;t heard me complain once, about my stomach, that is. "
"Performance anxiety was very frustrating for me. I wanted to share my ideas, introduce myself in class, make killer presentations. I knew I had it in me, but the crippling adrenaline blast I would get every time I had to speak up in class left me severely depressed. I felt like a loser. But now, I&#039;m a more confident person, thanks to propranolol. This stuff works. That adrenaline blast - you know it if you&#039;re reading this review - heart racing, voice trembling. GONE with this medication. I take one 20mg dose an hour and a half before a presentation, having to introduce myself to a class, etc. and I am a new person. NO adrenaline kick. My heart stays calm, and so do I. I love it. Please look into it if you have this specific anxiety."
"Funnily enough, after taking this. I feel more easier to fell asleep during the day than in the night. After a unintentional 12 hours sleep( just couldn&#039;t wake myself up). Was awake for a few hours then was too drowsy and fell asleep again. Really feel these tablets works better during the day than in the night. : ("
"I&#039;ve been taking Belviq for 1 week, I haven&#039;t lost any weight yet. I do believe it&#039;s helping me not crave sweets! I have a major sweet tooth &amp; after 1 day on Belviq I have had no cravings for the sweets. I do have dry mouth so drinking a lot of water which is a +! Also I&#039;m very tired, it&#039;s all I can do to get through work. Hoping I start to feel better, I can&#039;t take much more of this tiredness. I hope I start seeing the scale go down."
"I was recently diagnosed with endocarditis a deadly heart and blood infection due to being an IV heroin user. I needed to be on IV antibiotics for 4 weeks but the fear of WDs kept me from staying in the hospital since the docs wanted me to go cold turkey. Finally thanks to the dedication of my PCP she was able to coordinate with a medical hospital to detox me and give me the IV therapy that I needed then put me on suboxone to continue treating my addiction. But in order to take the sub I had to be heroin free for at least 2 days. I was panicked about how bad the WDs would be. But the addictonologist I worked with prescribed the clonidine (a patch and up to 3 doses orally a day) and I have to say it was a godsend. It got me through it."
"Currently 21 years old, I switched to Tri-Sprintec about 1 year ago due to cost reasons, and honesty I should have stayed on Loestrin 24 Fe. My experience with this pill was negative, aside from the fact that I have not gotten pregnant. I cry at inappropriate times, I&#039;m moody and I&#039;ve gained weight.(On the Loestrin I was losing weight). This pill was not for me."
"I took plan b exactly 32 hrs later of having unprotected sex I started my period the day I was suppose to start and couldn&#039;t be happier"
"I&#039;ve been on 10mg Lexapro for a couple weeks now and feel much more capable of keeping myself in check during &quot;tough&quot; situations.  This is my second time on this Lexapro.  The first was a few years ago in what ultimately became a failed marriage.  Now, happily remarried, to a supportive woman with GAD, I am on it again.  This time though it is not my wife causing the the stress (good thing) and I think because of that, the medicine is working much more effectively, which brings me to my point.  Unless you change the things in your life, your life will not change."
"Avoid like the plague, took two yesterday midday and woke up with the most unbelievable stomach ache I have ever had. Screaming in pain, hubby wanted to take me to hospital. Never felt anything like it, it was so bad I can&#039;t even put it into words, then came the nausea and then the vomiting. 2 hours later I am a crying mess and then finally got off to sleep. To add further insult there was no &#039;movement&#039; and I have felt bloated and like I have been gut punched all day. Save yourself the agony and get some prune juice."
"I have been on Gianvi for about 5 years or more. I have severe PMDD problems, as well as a family history of severe period problems as well (too heavy bleeding, cramps, etc). Yaz has improved my PMDD symptoms by about 80%. It also makes my periods very light and easy with no cramps. I also have bad hormonal acne and Yaz clears my skin and makes it glow. I still get 1 or 2 pimples around my period but that&#039;s it. I went off Yaz for 9 months and it gave me horrible rebound cystic acne that makes me reinstate (my skin was getting ruined!) I am staying on it indefinitely and am fine with that. I love it."
"I thought something was wrong with me to. I got the seven day treatment. The burning and itching is ridiculous. I freaking took a plastic butter knife and went to work. Felt so good to relieve the itch with that. I&#039;m sorry but I won&#039;t be continuing this mess. A good three days is enough for me. I rather use a home remedy than go through this again."
"I was on Prozac for 10 years. It was a wonder drug for me. I had breast cancer last year and the Prozac stopped working for me because of the chemical changes in my body. I have tried Lexapro, Zoloft and now I&#039;m on Celexa. The side effects on the Celexa are horrible. I just want to find an antidepressant that works like Prozac. I stopped taking Prozac in April 2010 cold turkey and had no withdrawals."
"I think everyone is different. It is nice to read all of the different opinions. I have had no problems with this medicine."
"Only took 2.0 mg first time &amp; 2.0 mg in evening.  So 4mg altogether daily.  Instant relief upon first dose.  Immediate. Gave me headache first dose for about 3 hours but after that all good for 3 days.  On 4th day got another headache in evening for few hours.  Last night took it at about 10pm, got to sleep but woke up at 4am couldn&#039;t get bk to sleep til 7am.  Gives u vivid dreams that feel real.  I wouldn&#039;t recommend starting with any more than 2.5mg or 4mg max split in two doses at least 8-10-12 hrs apart. 2.0mg each dose max. I&#039;m thinking of making my evening dose just 1mg or bc it&#039;s much stronger and more of an upper than celexa. Does makes u feel tired but the anxiety is gone, less hypersensitive but can be too &#039;high&#039; agitating."
"It&#039;s wonderful for treating the symptoms of schizophrenia. Unfortunately it comes with terrible anxiety for me. Almost every night I get this weird, overwhelming feeling, can&#039;t sit still and I can only describe it as a panic attack. My benzo doesn&#039;t help, all can do is go to bed. I&#039;m only taking 20mg twice a day. I&#039;m scared if I ever need to increase the dosage"
"Nasonex worked grateful for my sinuses. It help with preventing headaches. The bad thing is I LOST MY SENSE OF SMELL. I used it for a very short time and stopped when I realized I couldn&#039;t smell. It has been over 3  months since I used it. The sense hasn&#039;t returned. I also lost my sense for taste. The taste came back after  2 or 3 weeks of not using the product."
"After 10 years of having nearly every SSRI&#039; and SNRI work and then fail, I developed Sertonin Syndrome on a cocktail of both. I was so afraid to try any antidepressant...but my depression became life-threatening.  I&#039;m on only 50 mg. of lamictal (going slow!) for a month...and I am becoming cheerful!  Amazing.  I do have a slight facial rash I&#039;m carefully watching.  No other side effects."
"Just started my 3rd month on this medication and I have never been so happy in my life. I struggled with major anxiety and periods of depression that had affected my school work and social life, I would never want to go out with my friends. I also felt as if everyone was talking about my issue and was trying to avoid me as to not get involved. I would like to call this prescription a miracle because it has helped me in ways that I cannot explain. I was feeling so helpless and felt like I had no control over my life. After the second week or taking the medicines I started to feel like the normal me. I did experience some slightly unpleasant side effects such as dry mouth and insomnia in the first 3 or 4 days, but they got better."
"I went on LoSeasonique hoping to stop my period and in return have had an endless one.  The first week I started the pack, I started my regular period.  Week 2 and 3 I had spotting that did not need a pantyliner, okay I could handle &quot;spotting&quot;.  Weeks 4 and 5 I had to wear panty liners.  Week 6 possibly my regular period as I had to wear tampons the flow was heavier.  Week 7 still flowing pretty good and wearing tampons.  Week 8 I am still very heavy. I have called Gyn and I will be going to Doctor today. So much for my dreams of not having a period.  Sex life has been totally on halt due to this as well."
"I am 65 and have had 7 colonoscopies in the past.  For my procedure last month, I was prescribed Prepopik for the first time.  I am now a huge fan.  Since there were some negative reviews, I did make a couple &quot;enhancements&quot; to the procedure to make sure it worked well.  I was told I could have breakfast the day before, but chose not to.  Instead, I took 4 Dulcolax pills to get things started.  But the prep itself was like a miracle.  All my previous preps have involved the equivalent of drinking a gallon of sea water.  I knew big Pharma could do better, and it definitely has.  The 5 ounces you drink has almost no taste.  And then you can drink all the delicious clear liquids you want.  EVERY OTHER PREP SHOULD BE OUTLAWED AS CRUEL."
"I use Wellbutrin XL 300mg.  I am using it now for over 2 years early in the mornings. I also use Molipaxin 200mg in the evening.  I was very sick. I had ECT for a couple of times.  My Doctor prescribed Molipaxin after a long struggle with too much side effects of other anti-depressants.  I used a lot of other anti-depressants over the years.  I am using Molipaxin now for almost 4 years with almost no side-affects. I struggled with tiredness all the time and was described Wellbutrin in combination with Molipaxin. I can&#039;t tell you how it changed my life. It felt like I was alive and vibrant again. I had 2 bad panic attacks over the last two years. Before it used to happen almost everyday. I stopped all the Urbanol and Sleeping tablets."
"I have been using this birth control for over a year, and it has proven to be perfect. The first 3 weeks I was taking it, I had pretty bad mood swings, but this is expected, and they quit happening around the time I started my second cycle of pills. I had irregular periods and bar cramping; both of those problems were fixed once again by the second month of pills. My flow was much lighter for a shorter amount of days (and you still have a period every month, which allows your body to still clean itself out). As a contraceptive, it is my only method of birth control and I&#039;m not pregnant yet, so it&#039;s doing its job there. Never had acne but I break out less often. Basically this is a great pill."
"I had the Skyla put in on 3-16-16. During insertion I experienced the worst cramping I&#039;ve ever felt &amp; I got hot sweats &amp; almost passed out. I felt miserable cramps for the next few days &amp; bad bloating. The first 2 months my periods lasted 8 days &amp; were very heavy. Since I got it almost 3 months ago I have gained 15 pounds while still using my same workout &amp; eating plan. Also my boyfriend tells me during sex he can feel the wires poking him and it kind of hurts. Not only that I have felt slightly bloated since the placement of Skyla. I thought I would just wait till the 6 month marker but I this point I am sick of feeling this way &amp; gaining weight. I am having it removed tomorrow &amp; going back to pills which I&#039;ve been on for the past 3 years"
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for about 8 months now. I never had major side effects to begin with but the last 3 months I&#039;ve been experiencing nightmares or crazy dreams, I&#039;m tired a lot, I sweat at night, I feel as if I&#039;m in one mood and the only major emotion I get is anger. It&#039;s hard to laugh at things that I used to and I can&#039;t cry anymore. Sometimes I just want to feel frustrated when I know I should, and sad, but I feel stuck and emotionless. I don&#039;t think Cymbalta has helped me. I think the only progress I&#039;ve made with my anxiety, OCD, and depression has been on my own."
"Every medication you take going to have some kind of side effects. Whether it&#039;s prescribed or OTC. This has always help me."
"I&#039;ve been taking Latuda for over a year now for bipolar 2.  It seemed to work well for a few months at 40mg, then stopped working.  Upped dose to 60, worked for a few months.  Increased again to 80, now ineffective.  Now I&#039;m on lamotrigine concurrently - if that helps I will stop taking Latuda.
Side effects have been very bad.  Never had a panic attack in my life until I took Latuda, now I&#039;ve had several.  Nausea every time I take it.  Supposedly this medicine is &quot;weight-neutral&quot;, but I gained at least 30 pounds over the past year and a half (I didn&#039;t change my diet or exercise habits from before taking it).  Now I am eating better and working out, but I doubt if I can lose the weight until I&#039;m off Latuda.  Hope to get off it soon!"
"My lifelong Dr retired a year ago, he prescribed me Meperidine 100mg tabs QID, and MS Contin 60mg TID. Best relief and combo for pain EVER! No side effects, NO pain! He also gave me IM shots of Meperidine 100ng-150mg, mixed with Valium 10mg in office, as needed for breakthrough Crohns symptoms. My new doctor kept me on the MS Contin, but refuses to provide Meperidine. He switched me to Oxymorphone IR 10mg, 1-2 tabs QID as needed. It doesn&#039;t come close to providing the pain relief the Meperidine did, for my back, shoulder, and Crohns related pain! I don&#039;t know what the big deal is with the Opana, it sure doesn&#039;t help me at all!! Show me all the charts you want to, Opana does not work as good as Demerol!, nor anything else I&#039;ve been put on!"
"Using the androderm patches has helped raise my levels and fell better. However, the patches do not stick, and I must use strips of tape to hold them on."
"I&#039;ve been suffering with dibilitating depression, anxiety, and OCD for over 20 years. I&#039;ve was in remission for 8 years, but this time it came back with a vengeance! I was really losing hope. I have tried every single antidep out there, and the ones that worked very well before, don&#039;t work anymore. I&#039;ve been on a roller coaster and fighting for over 7 years to get my life back. It&#039;s been a living hell. I could hardly get out of bed, taking a shower was too much, even putting my seatbelt on seemed like a chore. If you have ever suffered, you know what I&#039;m talking about! I was put on Abilify to help with my Effexor just three days ago and I already feel like I can conquer the world...I just pray it lasts! "
"The depression I suffered with the implanon was scary. Until I had it removed I had no idea what a horrid grip it had on my emotions. I wanted to die most of the time. As soon as It came out I cried almost non stop for a few days and then started feeling better. Almost back to my normal self now. Thank goodness."
"I have lost 60 lbs taking 1 injection each week for the last 9 months. My A1C is best since 2012. Has helped decrease my appetite immensely and is main reason for the weight loss. Once I started seeing some results it was easy to moderate intake and start to make better food &amp; beverage choices. It has been a life changer for me. I am hoping to drop another 20lb by Nov 1. Was 365lb 2009 now 242lb. Good luck to all!"
"I had Restless legs. It was so bad I couldn&#039;t sleep at night.  The original meds I was taking for it quit working all of a sudden.  I had been taking Pramipexole. My doc said there was nothing else she could do for me. I requested an appt. with a neurologist. He prescribed feosol. It worked like a charm. God bless him as I was in bad shape not being able to sleep and going to work the next day. If you GP can&#039;t help you always as for a specialist. I found Feosol at CVS Pharmacy. If you can&#039;t find it always ask the pharmacist. It is an OTC MED."
"I started this medication over 2 weeks ago and I have lost 12lbs. The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced are occasional headaches here and there, but Advil cleared that up. Changed my diet and definitely not having cravings any more,  so much that my boyfriend bought me a donut and I told him no thanks!  Super proud of myself.  Can&#039;t wait to see my results after a couple of months,  have to lose 40 lbs in total."
"Aubra was my every first birth control and I loved it ! My 1st week of taking Aubra I experienced some cramping and it made me cry. But after about 2 weeks everything was normal. My periods were normal. It helped with acne. No bad symptoms or anything. I am currently on Lutera and I hate it. I will be talking to my doctor about switching me back to Aubra."
"I am updating my previous two posts from 1/19/17 and 2/16/17. I have quit taking Contrave. I developed a very high pitched ringing in my ears. It sounded like millions of crickets. I don&#039;t know if this was a coincidence but I&#039;ve been off the medication for a week now and the noise has stopped. I tapered all the way up to 4 pills and then tapered all the way back down to none. I did not lose any weight. When I became hungry I became voraciously hungry and it was hard to get satisfied. It did stop cravings but did NOT curb hunger, I repeat DID NOT CURB HUNGER. Contrave is also very expensive and wasn&#039;t covered by my insurance. It cost me $93/mo. I see the doc on 3/8/17 and will try another avenue to get this weight off."
"I&#039;ve been using this, along with a medicated morning scrub, for about 3 months now. I&#039;ve noticed less inflamed acne spots, but I still get normal break out flares at different times. I&#039;m still waiting to see consistent results at this point. But, I did stop using the Veltin Gel while I had a stomach virus, and even just missing the one dose that evening, the next day I had brand new flare ups of acne. So the medicine is definitely doing something."
"I&#039;m 19 years old and I&#039;ve been taking this for a month now. 50mg, twice a day. It&#039;s only made everything worse"
"My husband, brother-in-law and I decided to form our own little quit smoking group, so the 3 of us went on Chantix together. I was very skeptical, the guys were sure it was miracle drug. Well, it was a miracle for me. I quit smoking with no dreams, nervousness or thoughts of suicide. I felt wonderful! But the guys! They quit just fine but, the other things that happened were way worse than smoking. See the guys are twins, they are best friends. They never have fought. After starting Chantix that&#039;s all they did. They are now off Chantix and stopped fighting but now they feel numbness in their arms and legs and burning in the back of their head. They have been off it for around 8 months. One no longer smokes the other now smokes."
"I used this drug for about six months, while my blood pressure was controlled the side effects, including cough and dry mouth were severe to the point that I could not take the medication any longer."
"I started having cystic acne at age11. I had it on my face but not as bad as the big sore ozzing cysts on my back and chest and even on my breasts. It was a terrible time for me that followed me into adult hood. I had tried every antibiotic known to man. Every cream, soap and vitamin out there. Finally in 1981 a dermatologist recommended Accurate. This was the brand name one. Generics weren&#039;t so popular then. It worked wonders! I couldn&#039;t believe that I could be acne free. I still had and still do have bad scarring but no pimples or cyst s. I took it for 6 months. I was great for about 11yrs. I then developed hidradenitis on my inner thighs and stomach and breasts. I then was prescribed generic accurate. It didn&#039;t help that condition at all"
"Man, 47 years old. Been struggling with depression my whole life. Tried all the antidepressants in the market. The one that seems to relieve my black cloud to a certain point was Lexapro. Started taking Lyrica 150 once a day, a couple of years ago, because some research I did on my own. Even though it&#039;s side effects (weight gain) it is fair to say that this is my godsend drug. In the mean time I am having a reversal of fortune (so to speak) and taking Pregabalin is really helping me to cope with life. Side note: All SSRI antidepressants made more harm than good, cause I felt like I do not care for anything and just want to lie I&#039;m the couch and watch TV or see the clouds just passing by. Hope this drug helps you."
"Began taking Tegretol in 1986 along with Epilim, had the op in 1991 and have remained on Tegretol since. Somethings I have noticed over the years although I don&#039;t have any medical evidence to back this up only self observation are. Massive increase in body hair. Not on the head but over the rest of the body. Most of my nails split down the centre of the nail. As for controlling my epilepsy can not say they really did, prior to my operation, at first all was hokey dorey, then the body seemed to get used the medication and as a result the dose increased. Today 24 years after the operation I remain on 1200mg a day. Seizure free, thanks to the opp, although i do remain on the tablets."
"I have been dealing with stomach issues for 7 years. Doctors thought it was my gallbladder, so it was removed and the symptoms intensified. I was finally diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome and my doctor prescribed me dicyclomine. After 2 days, my symptoms are GONE!! I haven&#039;t had a single episode of diarrhea, and before I had it 4-6 times a day, sometimes more. Bloating, cramping, nausea, all gone. I haven&#039;t changed my diet in those two days at all and it is doing its job wonderfully!"
"I have taken it for years. No more moodiness, no more depression, no more pain, no more bloating, no more bleeding. Life is fantastic. It does make my rosacea worse, I do have to take a water pill with it, and I do have decreased sex drive. However, sex is more fun and more frequent because I feel so much better! SO much better."
"I have been treated using every medication possible. (Paxil, Prozac, lexapro, latuda, lithium, abilify, Wellbutrin, vybriid, klonopin, propranolol, etc) my doc suggested Lamotragine for my migraines and my bipolar. Worst idea. I ended up getting migraines daily and it sky rocketed my bipolar to the point I couldn&#039;t get out of bed. I blocked everyone&#039;s number who tried to get in contact with me and I became extremely irrational, irritable, and destructive. I&#039;m on day 3 of getting off and it&#039;s still in my system. I feel as if I am insane."
"I was diagnosed with cluster headaches in my late 20&#039;s, I was prescribed Cafergot and it worked great. Although now the FDA has taken the medicine off the market due to some people having bad side effects. I tried many different steroids my neurologist experimented with, hoping for some relief and less frequency of the attacks, which didn&#039;t work at all. Now I&#039;m prescribed sumatriptan tablets, and they seem to be working great for me. "
"It makes you go, that&#039;s for sure. Took one before bed and got up to give my baby a bottle at 4.30am, gave him his bottle but when I was putting him back into his cot I felt sudden sharp cramping and I knew I had to run to the bathroom. Had violent diarrhea and intense cold sweating, I started feeling nauseous and extreme abdominal pain, so bad that I woke up on the floor covered In sweat, I don&#039;t know how long I passed out for but I was so confused when I woke, the pain was gone. I passed out cause my body couldn&#039;t handle that level of pain ..I&#039;ve had two children and didn&#039;t pass out...this stuff is  unbelievable"
"After reading these post I have had similar symptoms. I have had acne but it&#039;s not the kind that is  filled with puss it&#039;s the hard ones that hurt and leave a scar even if you don&#039;t touch it. 

This pill on the first week makes me extremely nauseous and shaky. I don&#039;t eat much when on this pill so I have been losing a lot of weight which to be honest I&#039;m slimming down in my waist and belly area. I don&#039;t even eat some days which is extremely bad, so I just drink lots of water and juices. I have been eating snacks rather than a full meal. If I do it&#039;s one big meal for the day (mostly dinner) and that&#039;s it. 

I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant yet.  I take the pill everyday at 7am so I should be okay but I will come back and review."
"I started Contrave on September 17 and as of this morning, I&#039;m down 15 lbs. I also joined Weight Watchers on line to keep track of my calories and exercise. The only side effects I have is dry mouth, which just requires me to drink more water which is a good thing, and some constipation, but I just increased my fiber, water intake and used a stool softener and was back to normal within 4 days. My doctor wanted to put me on Lipitor because of my high cholesterol. I asked her to let me try to lose weight first. So, to me the $90 is worth it so that I can avoid any type of prescriptions."
"Only been on this for 3 days but don&#039;t think I can take this medicine anymore. Important note this was added to 50mg Zoloft. I have really bad depression and anxiety and fatigue in the mornings. First night I took Remeron hadn&#039;t slept in 20 hours, hadn&#039;t eaten for 8 hours, thought it would help me sleep. Wrong, couldn&#039;t lie still and massive erection for 2 hours, finally got up after 4 hrs tossing and turning ate something then was able to sleep.  2nd night I took with dinner had tacos I ate like 7 tacos, couldn&#039;t stop. Went to sleep 45 mins later even though I was not tired at all, woke up 12 hours later. Incredibly hard to get out of bed felt like I was hit by a train all day."
"Went to the hospital during an asthma attack. I was only on albuterol, and it was not working during this episode. Long story short I got prescribed Singular. Made me feel very sleepy at first. I could barely get my College work done. After about two months I became very depressed from being so tired, and then became extremely thirsty. I drank two bottles of water every hour and could feel my lungs becoming irritated. I was drinking so much water I was getting nauseous. I then went to my MD and he told me to stop taking it. After three days my thirst went away. After about two weeks I felt myself again. Singular is now listed on my doctors chart under &quot;Medicine allergies&quot;."
"I got Prep down within 15 minutes, then I drank 32 ounces of water over the next 30 minutes-they told me I had to get this all down within one hour-all of a sudden my stomach got bloated and started making noises and then the nausea came full force with mouthwatering and fierce chills and I ran to the bathroom and I vomited twice.  I never expected this to happen because I never read the reviews until now.  45 minutes later I had a little bit of diarrhea, then a regular bowel movement, then about an hour later watery diarrhea, then full force liquid. Woke up at 4 AM nervous and did the 5 AM dose,  this time holding my nose as I took five swigs each time,  followed by water swishing around my mouth to get taste out. Prep works faster the Second time"
"I have taken Lialda for a month and my symptoms have stopped. I have side effects of leg cramps. My Dr did not know about this site effect. Makes me wonder about him."
"I&#039;m on day 2 of Tamiflu and day 3.5 of being sick. I think it has definitely helped. My fever broke this morning and the horrible body aches have subsided. As long as I take it with food, it doesn&#039;t upset my stomach.

I&#039;ve used it twice for the flu in the last 13 years. I seem to remember it working a little better the last time, but that could just mean that I&#039;ve got a worse strain of flu this time around AND I&#039;m also 45 as opposed to 32 the last time around!

Aside from the  $95 cost (after insurance), I&#039;d be happy to take it again."
