"Started taking this when I found out I inherited my Dad&#039;s crazy cholesterol issues.  I was only mildly overweight at 5&#039;7&quot; and 170lbs.  In the past 6 months I&#039;ve dropped down to 140lbs without changing anything.  Stayed on the lowest dose.  Only side effect is tingling in hands now and then.  Cholesterol issues are now gone and I get non stop questions about this medication.  I can&#039;t say anything bad about it.  If you don&#039;t have a secondary condition where you insurance will help pay for it, it is quite pricey however."
"Had really bad sinus infection, tried Augmentin - didn&#039;t help. After that my dr prescribed Ambroxol AL (available in Germany - combination of ambroxol hydrochloride (secretolytic agent for mucus) and doxycycline 100 mg - after only two days I started feeling much better - my nose and ears were clear and I felt much better in general. No side effects, since I took it after meal (not on empty stomach)."
"Suprep tastes BAD. The worst part was choking it down. It smells like cherry cough medicine &amp; tastes like hell - sweet but vile &amp; nothing like cherries -nor did I find it salty - just VILE. I wish it had a lemon citrus flavor as I think that would have been easier to take. I tried mixing it with very cold water for the first dose and it gave me cramps and I felt ice cold and really nauseous. I had to chew some mint gum to keep from throwing it up. Within 20 minutes it was working - and by 1 and a half hours it was done. I did the 2nd dose at 5am and mixed it with room temp water and it was just as hard to choke down but I had no cramping or cold sweats. Everything was easy and it seems to have done its work quickly and stopped. I feel fine."
"after 18 if 24 wks on Harvoni I had to stop treatment.
Had second gastric bleed due to required reduction of Protonix meds.
My kidneys declined 5 mo steadily to alarming 4b status.
New rounds of fatigue and painful joints &amp; muscle cramps.

After 2 wks I&#039;m finally having more good than bad days and mental clarity improving
I only hope my next test still shows remission."
"Horrible side effects;  irritability, headaches, malaise, did not help me with depression as a result."
"Works great and fast"
"Hi. I am diagnosed with MDD, GAD panic disorder w/ agoraphobia, and borderline personality. I currently take Prozac/Fluoxetine 20mg a day, Klonopin/Clonazepam 1mg twice a day. I have always had trouble sleeping due to my conditions, especially anxiety. I have tried ambien,  seroquel, remeron and Restoril.  I got prescribed trazodone when I went to rehab for Heroin. I&#039;m now 1 1/2 years clean, and trazodone has been a miracle. I take 100mg of it at bedtime, and it makes very relaxed and sleepy. I sleep for 6-8 hours, it boosts my Prozac to work even better, and it gives me back my sex drive. Only cons are it&#039;s a little rough starting it, and it gives you dry sinuses. I would really recommend to any insomniac who also has depression/anxiety."
"I was afraid to try this stuff, but not so bad. Just finished my first round- 2nd round 3:00 am! The good thing about it is that it works without cramping. I didn&#039;t even have to race to the bathroom. I put both bottles in the fridge yesterday. I bought 2 bottles of Mexican coca-cola and opened them up and put them in Mason jars to let them get flat and chill. I mixed the 6 ounce of Suprep with 10 ounces of Mexican cola. My instructions said to drink 4 ounces every 10 minutes. I held my nose and used a Bubble Tea straw. The stuff tastes like salty metal but it was tolerable. Bit into a lemon slice after each 4 ounces. The lemon takes away the taste. After I finished drinking the Suprep I was instructed to have 32 ounces of clear liquid, too."
"Works better than Oxycontin. I have chronic chest pain from pluracy and this medicine allows me to be pain free most of the time. Recently I ran out for 3 days and I had terrible withdrawal symptoms. I have been on it for 2 years and I don&#039;t abuse it. I only take 1/2 a pill about 6 or 7 times a day to decrease the sleepiness. It like all other controlled drugs is a double edged sword so be careful of withdrawal. "
"Atripla made my treatment very easy, and I&#039;m undetectable for over 3 years now with minimal side effects such as headaches that are a little more frequent."
"I was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 7. I started with Concerta to treat it but as time went on the side effects and the dosage being 135mg was getting annoying. I have noticed that Focalin XR has fewer side effects than Concerta. Also, I eat a good deal more and I can sleep when taking it. I also read in the comments that the maximum dosage is 20mg? I take 35mg and will probably up my dose. Other than that it is a very good medication."
"I have been taking Seroquel For a while now, A side from being extremely hungry when I wake up, groggy, and the weight gain. It is a really good sleep aid. I am currently on 200mg. Not only am I less stressed and anxious but it slows me down to a point where I can actually think clearly rather than having racing thoughts and it tones down the late night activity greatly. I still work out and am very active but it is a lot less extreme thanks to Seroquel."
"I have been on Venlafaxine for 20  years started on the tablet then changed to the MR capsules. nearly gave up on them as side effects were bad but stuck with them and they were a hugh help specially the slow release capsules, now however my gp change me back to the tablets as the capsules were too expensive for the practise to prescribe. I&#039;m now on 75mg twice a day and I&#039;m finding that for a couple of hours after taking I&#039;m on a high and everything is right with the world but the hours between are really bad, also if you forget to take a tablet the withdraw symtoms are horrific stomach cramps, vomiting, migraine headache, shakes to name a few.  No such problem with the slow release capsules so if your Dr prescribes venlafaxine ask for the MR"
"I have been using this since Nov. 2013 I have a love hate relationship with it. 1st let me say it does prevent pregnancy well. BUT... like I said I have had it for 2 years... The 1st year was crazy bleeding and very VERY painful back pains (I still have back pains to this day). Sometimes 2 weeks every month. I never skipped/ missed a period. It took maybe 8 months to regulate. After six months of being a regular cycle (lasting 4-6 days a month), the crazy bleeding came back. April 2015 my cycle lasted 16 days. I the spoke to my OB and gave me BC pills for a month to help reset my system and help with the back pains. Didn&#039;t really help much. Now Oct 2015 I have had 2 cycles this month, Throwing up, Headaches, BAD acne, Sore breast!"
"Had a chronic cough for 1 month  that over the counter medicines wouldn&#039;t stop and even prescription syrups wouldn&#039;t stop. I went through 4 bottles of syrup before going on Tussicaps - stopped my cough in less than 24 hours. It came with a side effect of drowsiness which was fine for me because I hadn&#039;t slept in over a month due to the cough. Great medication."
"Experienced extreme hair loss. At first sex drive was through the roof. After six months it dropped to zero. I have lost at least 1/3 of my hair and started having really bad cramping and abdominal pain. It comes out on Monday thank goodness. Would NOT recommend this but everyone is different."
"I have generalized anxiety and panic disorder, I have since I was a teenager. In the past, I took Xanax as needed but it sometimes made me depressed and I worried about developing a tolerance or addiction. After less than a month on Buspar, I have already seen a major improvement. I ruminate less, my body is less tense, I am considerably less fearful (which is saying a lot because I was becoming fearful of leaving the house), I am able to tolerate stressors in a rational way, I am no longer depressed. What remains of my anxiety is manageable and it no longer interferes with my life. I began on 10mg and after a couple weeks bumped up to 15mg. I experienced insomnia the first couple days but that went away. Take with food for nausea. "
"I have Crohn&#039;s disease &amp; was prescribed metoclopramide a while ago for nausea. However I&#039;ve not felt nauseous for a while. Last night I felt awful &amp; remembered I had these tabs. I took one 10mg tablet. It did stop the nausea &amp; I didn&#039;t vomit but I had the worst nights sleep with hallucinatory dreams, feelings of anxiety &amp; restlessness. I have been in bed all day today feeling drained but still restless."
"I had paragard placed over 2 years ago after constantly experiencing negative side effects from ALL other forms of birth control. 
Insertion was awful. AWFUL. It felt like I was in labor all over again and missed a day and a half of work because of how severe the cramps were.  The side effects I noticed right away were VERY heavy periods and VERY painful cramps. Then, within a year, I noticed I had become very restless, moody, low energy, and constantly bloated. Thinning hair, tired, some weight gain and unable to sleep. 
I just had my paragard removed over a week ago and already notice a huge, positive difference in my body and mind!!! I didn&#039;t hate paragard, but definitely won&#039;t get it again."
"Took the diflucan one dose on monday night its now thursday and I still have the infection and am still itchy. This is on top of canestine for the outer symptoms. Have to go back to chemist and try something else. Waste of $20 :("
"I had my Mirena inserted Friday, 3/27/15 (27 year old, parous female), by a very competent doctor. Cramps were intense during measuring and insertion to the point where I almost felt faint. I didn&rsquo;t take much ibuprofen prior to the procedure, which could have eased some of the pain. Manageable cramps and light spotting followed the appointment. Saturday, some cramps, hardly any spotting. Sunday, there was nothing at all. It may be that I&rsquo;m already anticipating the relief from not being on my previous bc (gave me irrepressible emotional issues), but I finally feel normal again. Please do not let negative review-laden forum(s) dictate your healthcare decisions for you."
"I&#039;ve used Lexapro on and off for a few years and it has been great.  When getting onto the drug the side effects are minimal and were completely gone for me in a short period.  Good exercise nutrition are also essential for depression or anxiety."
"I am SO happy with this medication! I&#039;ve struggled with chronic constipation for so long I forgot what it feels like to have a &quot;normal&quot; BM. My constipation was so bad that I&#039;ve had frequent visits to the ER for severe abdominal cramps (comparable to labor pains), and each time I was told I had severely dilated colon and impaction. I&#039;ve been on lactulose, Mirilax, Go-lytly, laxative teas, and even drinking a bottle of Magnesium-Citrate. NOTHING worked. Now I&#039;m on a daily dose of Linzess and I HAVE to share my success story with others. It worked! And I couldn&#039;t be happier!"
"I also have knee pain, shoulder pain, elbow and hand and finger pain.  Norco seems to work best on the knee pain."
"I&#039;ve started Escitalopram 10mg 2 weeks ago and felt great on day 3 &amp; 4, after that It stopped working. I&#039;m having a hard time dealing with that, because the feeling It gave me on day 3&amp;4 was the best I&#039;ve felt all my life. I upped the dose to 20mg now it&#039;s day 3 on 20mg and still nothing."
"I had a hysterectomy in 1998 and was on Premarin 0.0625 for many years then Doctor decided not good to prescribe anymore. I was so very miserable! If have to live like that -don&#039;t want to. It was terrible. No doctor knows your body like you do! And just for the record, one of my sisters is 73 yrs old aznd still has terrible hot flashes! Sometimes it looks as if she just stepped out of the shower! My mother was the same way! I am not willing to live like that! There are pro&#039;s and con&#039;s on everything!"
"I&#039;ve been a active alcoholic for 10 years. Started socially. I went through treatment once and relapsed. Alcoholism for me has given me depression, anxiety, insomnia, OCD, stress, and the worse of them all racing thoughts. Classic right? I&#039;m on day 4, but noticed the difference RIGHT away. It made me a bit queasy and in a daze of some sort, but I slept wonderfully and woke up at EASE and I have been everyday since I started. I have NO cravings whatsoever for alcohol, the thought of it actually repulses me. Anyways, I agree with everyone saying that this medication is God sent. Remaining steady with my thoughts has helped me already socially, with my kids and my job. I have happy tears to of finally found something that held onto me for YEARS"
"Two weeks ago my boyfriend and I had a condom slip, we both panicked. I am no longer on birth control so there was a problem! I took Plan B about 22 hours after the incident. I only got minor side cramps and back aches. It was a long wait but after 6 days I got my period! And I am over the &quot;weight limit&quot; that people say it won&#039;t work because of. But it does! I am writing this for all of you scared thinking this pill doesn&#039;t work, don&#039;t sweat it. Relax, it really is magic"
"I am 33 and and using Retin A. I have found the product to work wonders while using antibiotics as well. The cell turn over rate is so much faster and heals the acne like nothing I have seen. There is some dryness in areas, but overall has been my magic in a tube. LOVE IT!"
"I started this last week because doctor recommended it, they recommend it cuz I&#039;ve had horrid anxiety and panic attacks. This has helped me &amp; has calmed down my nerves so much and I&#039;m on the lowest dose. To best honest I&#039;m gonna stay on the lowest dose because this medication makes you feel really floaty and like stuff kinda goes in slow motion, is the only way I can explain it. Hopefully this helped someone."
"In the beginning it worked fine, I was switched to it because Ortho Tri-cyclen was getting costly and some of the other genetics were making me constipated. . .joy. Anyways I have been on Tri-Sprintec for almost a year and it doesn&#039;t regulate my periods in fact I seem to be getting periods whenever the heck it please and they last forever. My normal cycle is 3 days and I always knew by 
Thursday of the sugar pills it was coming but this pill just doesn&#039;t seem to be working. On top of that I&#039;m always nauseated, sometimes I get extremely depressed for no reason. I have panic attacks and just feel horrible at the most random times. I can&#039;t wait to switch."
"I have had the Oxytrol patch on for only about 24 hours and understand that it takes between 24 and 48 hours to notice any improvement, so I have noticed no improvement yet. It does not stick well and I have had to put adhesive tape around the edges of the patch to keep it on.   I don&#039;t know if I picked a bad spot (middle of my stomach) but certain ways it turn, it seems to pinch.  I used nicotine patches years ago and it seems that if these patches were smaller and less rigid, they might adhere a little better.  I like the idea of a patch lasting 3-4 days, but I would prefer using one smaller patch a day if they stuck to the skin better."
"I have been on Westhroid for two weeks versus Synthroid off and on for four years. I was diagnosed with Hashimotos this month.  Westhroid had me feeling like myself within a week. Synthroid had me miserable, nauseous, constant headaches. Westhroid is for me.
I am glad I went the biologic way and I am taking my health back."
"I&#039;ve being taking Synthroid for 3 years now. It was hard to reach the right dosage since I used to take Puran T4 (NOT marketed in the USA) 75 mg and had to adjust the Synthroid to 100mg instead. I&#039;ve being feeling great since!"
"I have had sleep problems for twenty years now due to pressure of work &amp; probably a predispostion to insomnia. Have used various sleep aids benzodiazepines, diphenhydramine, etc. I am affected by both difficulty going to sleep &amp; staying asleep. Recent reports concerning sleep aids &amp; Alzheimers put me off using. Melatonin not implicated as far as I know so I have turned back to that!! Dosage 6mg slow release one hour before bedtime. As on previous occasions it is mild with no noticeable side effects. Worth a try!"
"I am 27 years old and have had fibromyalgia for 5 years.  I&#039;ve been to many drs and always left feeling crazy or like they didn&#039;t believe me, &quot;I was too young to feel that way.&quot;  I&#039;ve tried numerous drugs related to fibro and nothing has helped.  I felt as if I was getting worse and got almost every side effect of each drug I tried.  I was giving up.  I switched to a new doctor last year and she is amazing.  She hasn&#039;t given up on me.  She told me about Savella and asked if I&#039;d be her guinea pig.  This drug has changed my life!  I can get through the day normally now.  At first, I had some hot flashes and nausea but they subsided after a few weeks.  I still have a little pain but nothing like it was.  I am so thankful for my doctor and Savella."
"This is a miracle for me. I &quot;throw my back out&quot; about once a year. When I do it I am out of commission. Only 1 or 2 positions are tolerable and those require laying down. After 2 days of the dose pack I can walk again. After 3 or 4 days I am pretty much back to normal. My only issue with this is I have to get a script from the doctor. This usually leaves me at least one day on my couch in immobilizing pain. I wish I could keep a few of these packs on hand for emergency purposes."
"I have used the paragard twice now. The first time I had it inserted was a month or so postpartum. The insertion was painful of course and I ended up hyperventilating due to the pain. The device was very effective though and I didn&#039;t get pregnant the whole time I was on it. I had regular periods, but of course they were heavier than normal and more painful than normal. As time went on the periods got more and more painful. I started having severe back pain. I&#039;d get these horrid back cramps that got worse and worse every period. Eventually I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and had it removed. I just used condoms for a while afterwards. A few years later I decided to give it another shot. My experience was Identical again and I had it removed again."
"I have been taking Actos 15mg for about a month now, no ill effects like I feared. I keep watch for edema and so far nothing. My insurance would not cover the Januvia I used to be on- and for me Actos works better. My numbers are normal now (90-140) and they were high normal on the Januvia. I would recommend this medicine to people who cannot afford the DDP-4 (Januvia class) drugs."
"It made me feel like my heart was going blow out of my chest."
"I had a choice of going to the ER or taking the pill. I took the pill and 30 minutess later the pain was gone. Then came the side effects, weak, pressure in the shoulders, speech and memory were difficult and little pressure in the chest. All were gone in less than an hour. I was so happy with the results. Living without migraines is priceless to me."
"Despite my weight/exercise habits, I have genetically high blood pressure and cannot take birth control with estrogen. 

The first two injections are the most difficult due to the spotting and bloating - seems to be the case for many. What I found to help is incorporating a large amount of soy/flaxseed into my diet - it completely stopped the spotting. I suppose the plant estrogens in both help when you&#039;re not getting estrogen from BC. 

I haven&#039;t experienced any moodiness or hair loss like some complain about. 

I take extra calcium/magnesium/vitamin D as bone density is a concern on this shot long term."
"Started up Zyprexa 5mg along with 80mg of Prozac and 200 mg of lamctiI don&#039;t remember the last time I have felt this good.My family feels like they are living with a different person.I feel like a different person.My does of Prozac was upped and the lamctiI the same day they added Zyprexa.I feel wonderful but gaining weight.Even if my stomach feels full and bloated I sometimes still want to eat.Afraid to stop the Zyprexa because my life was a living hell for me and everybody in it.I never want to go back there.I could not survive such a deep dark depression again.I used to believe all the good years were gone and I was just existing.But I am living and loving it!!!!But extremely worried about the weight gain.Already have type 2 diabetes."
"I got the nexplanon in June 2016. I experience a few headaches and abdominal pain.


Today is July 19, 2016 and just got my period.. But its very light. Nothing heavy. 

I&#039;m drinking advil to calm the crams and make it my period stop. It really helps."
"I had my first Lupron shot on August 10, 2012.  I started bleeding August 21, and it is now September 29 and have been bleeding ever since.  I&#039;ve had a problem with anemia due to two fibroids.  I had my second Lupron shot on September 10.  I&#039;m not sure I should continue this because I&#039;m scared I won&#039;t be able to have surgery on November 2 due to anemia caused by blood loss.  Overall, Lupron is not working for me."
"Overall no major side effects but I do think I&#039;ve gained weight. I am very active -strength train 5 days/week &amp; run 20km per week and eat quite healthy around 1500 calories/day and cannot shed this extra 10 lbs. I think it&#039;s the Zarah. As far as acne goes, I have mild acne &amp; have not noticed an improvement."
"I have started taken yasmin after reading reviews about how good it is for acne and PMS , and I had very frequent periods that I needed to regulate ,   but soon after taking the 1st tablet I had severe nausea that lasted all day , 3 days down the line I became very low in mood , I was very tearful , the slightest things would irritate me , I had never felt like this in ages, I was  taking accutane at the same time , so I attributed the low mood to accutane. Since I couldn&#039;t tolerate the severe nausea , I stopped taking yasmin and strangely my mood suddenly changed , I was no longer depressed or tearful and I was still on accutane. I think people react differently to medications , but I am sure yasmin wasn&#039;t the right OCP for me."
"I suffer from depression. This drug not only worked quickly, but didn&#039;t have any of the sexual side effects I was concerned about in other types of anti-depressants. It also helped concentration. I&#039;ve heard horror stories in psychology literature and through friends about anti-depressants causing more depression than originally because of the substantial changes in personality. Wellbutrin did none of that for me, I would recommend it to anyone suffering from depression."
"Have had sleep problems for 30 years or more.Of all the meds that the doc&#039;s gave me  I do think the temazepam 30 mg works best for me. As some others have said that it should be taken at bedtime...not be on computer or tv..i will nod with the tv on but find that i fall in to a more restful sleep when i turn it off. Also for me it does not last long. 2 or 3 hours. I don&#039;t take extra doses to get back to sleep .Have been taking this for 5 years with no brain fog in the morning. Occasionally i substitute Ativan for a short time and then go back to taking temazepam . For me this seems to work well and the temazepam seems to remain quite effective."
"Nexplanon was overall good. I got lucky and my periods stopped right after insertion, which was amazing. However, the implant made my almost-perfect skin significantly break out. As a birth control method, the implant was very effective, but sometimes my arm would randomly hurt around where it was placed."
"This drug has helped me a lot. I have a very dry mouth from it but it is helping so well that I over look the dry mouth."
"I have been trying other medications to no avail.  Talconex is truly amazing."
"So it&#039;s been about 2 months now. And through the entire experience I haven&#039;t had any side effects. I just had blood work done about a week ago and am awaiting to see where my viral load is at. So I&#039;ll post again when I find out."
"If you cant find it anymore Check out the ingredients of:
CLEAR EYES &quot;MAXIMUM Redness Relief&quot; (ONLY)
not the other CLEAR EYES eye drops
The ingredients are almost identical."
"I have chronic migraines and am on all types of medicine for them. Sometimes every month or so I get one that&#039;ll last a week. Yes a week. And I go to my primary doctor and he give me Nubain. It really is a wonderful drug for migraines I have been using it for three years now. It&#039;s completely non addicting. And it takes away my severe migraine in just 15 minutes . Weeks of pain gone after one shot ."
"Been diagnosed with Hashimoto&#039;s for over a decade, and started out taking 90 mcg of levothyroxine.  As my disease progressed I had to take more and more, and was up to 150 mcg when I started feeling bad: sick and depressed had trouble sleeping.  Blood tests showed that my t3&#039;s were low, and I had been flogging my t4&#039;s to produce more t3&#039;s.  This may be one of the symptoms of Hashimoto&#039;s: an inability to convert t4 into t3.  Not a doctor, don&#039;t know, but switching to Armor a month ago has made a huge difference in my health.  I am not getting those cramps in my hands and feet at the end of the day, and my energy has gone way up.  It&#039;s still too early to know for sure...one month isn&#039;t much....but so far so good!"
"My internist prescribed me 25mg of Zoloft daily as an alternative to Wellbutrin. The side effects were not worth the benefit for me. In the seven weeks I faithfully used the med I suffered from severe fatigue, inability to orgasm, weight gain, acne, and chest heaviness. As a thirty-something, in-shape mother of two, I have zero time for naps so, fatigue was not a livable option for me. I&#039;m actually really surprised by the weight gain as I hit the gym daily. The pros of this medicine would be: my sweet tooth was non-existent. That&#039;s probably it."
"I had panic attacks most of my adult life, was afraid of taking pills. I was taking Ativan for my condition, in order for my doctor to get me off the Ativan I was prescribe Zoloft,  I took this medication for about six months along with a half Ativan. I started feeling normal in about 3 weeks, after about six months I stopped taking both of them and felt great for a whole year until something happened to cause me much anxiety again.  I am back on the Ativan for the last 5 months, just filled the prescription for Zoloft again, hoping it does what is did before. Don&#039;t like taking meds but it worked a miracle for me."
"I was really nervous about getting Implanon inserted after reading all the negative reviews. I did however get it implanted about 5 weeks ago. The day I got it inserted and the day after I was very nauseous and dizzy. I also lost my appetite for about a week. After that everything went back to normal until my arm started itching so bad that I was itching it raw. I had to wrap my arm to keep myself from itching it in my sleep. That was the most annoying thing in the world, but it subsided after a few days. It has now been 4 weeks since I got it inserted and I have no other symptoms. I have had no break through bleeding and no sign of my period either. So far I am very happy that I got Implanon inserted, because the good out ways the bad by far."
"I&#039;m 49 and have suffered from allergic symptoms ever since I was a kid. Unquestionably it has reduced the quality of life. Anti-histimines were basically ineffective although I could significantly reduce my symptoms by a strict diet that was in the making over the last 30 years by observation (try eating foods high in anti oxidants). I do feel much better since taking Singulair, my nasal congestion is much better, feel no side effects. My only regret is not trying it earlier."
"17 days, down 15 pounds. 
Works great.. not hungry and feel full fast"
"Fantastic. I finally got immediate relief for my restless leg syndrome after suffering for many months and taking other medicines like Horizant. This one did the trick for my legs and I sleep well again."
"I was in a severe ATV accident when I was 15 (am now 18), and have currently had 26 surgeries mostly on my right hand. Once I was released a few months later, docs basically turned me from a 3 sport athlete to a living zombie. I was taking over 25-30 different medications everyday; mostly pain meds. I remember just poping them like candy. I was on 80mg of MS Contin x4 a day, 30mg oxycodone x5, 30mg morphine x3, 100mcg&#039;s fentanyl, 2mg Xanax x3, 4mg x4 Dilaudid and numerous other anti-depressants that I am still on to this day. I don&#039;t understand how doctors can prescribe such obscene amounts of opiates when it&#039;s pharmastists who study drug interactions as their profession. Am currently working to become a 3 fingered anesthesiologist :)"
"Took 150 mg for 4 days and suddenly stating feeling weakness, aches, pains,  then sore throat accompanied by fever called my Dr she made me stop taking it and was given toradol to break fever of 102.8 and steroids and fluids, went from 216 to 213 pounds in 4 days. Had my heart rate and blood pressure up also.  This drug may be for others but definitely not me, too many adverse effects I&#039;ve tried zoloft, Prozac, and lexapro, anti depressents are not for me"
"Did not work for my minimal OA! I was left with Orthovisc as my only alternative after my insurance company decided they would no longer cover Euflexxa which I used with great success for 4 years. I will now have to pay almost $1000 out of pocket for the better product, such a shame! Orthovisc gave me no relief at all; The Euflexxa I was getting 18 months on continuous relief."
"I&#039;ve had the worst experience ever with nexplanon. I got my nexplanon in July 2014 and am happy to say that I am finally getting it removed today after 2 and a half years of misery. I bled almost Everyday! My younger sister had the same symptoms as I did but had hers removed before me. I have gained 25 pounds and had the worst mood swings that I&#039;ve ever had. Definitely review your options before getting nexplanon but also keep in mind it&#039;s different for everyone."
"I&#039;ve been on gabapentin for a little less than 2 months. I was having a headache 5-6 times a week. I&#039;m down to 1 time a week now. It has delayed my period and caused me to be 5 days late but no other side effects."
"I took this as a sleeping aid due to a very hectic schedule that was stressing me out. It did help me go to sleep and stay asleep but I noticed that I was somewhat dizzy at times during the day. Over a six week period the dizziness became worse. I went to an ENT thinking perhaps I had an ear infection that was messing up my balance. He told me to discontinue the diphenhydramine and try valerian root (I didn&#039;t want to use any more drugs) and it would take time for the drug to get out of my system. I&#039;ve been off the med for a week and still have some dizziness going on. This drug is definitely not for continuous use!"
"Just took second dose and was only able to get 3/4 without throwing up. This stuff is awful which is how I ended up here. At least I know I&#039;m not the only one that couldn&#039;t get it down. The only reason I gave it a 2 was that it worked.  Never again."
"Taken 22 hours after our &quot;experience.&quot; There was genital rubbing very close to my vaginal opening and I was scared of precum. I just finished my period, about 3 days prior (most fertile week) and I&#039;m irregular. So I took the pill and about 6 days later I bled again, pretty heavy like a period for about 3 days. I had one sided cramps for weeks and had heavy white discharge which had me thinking I was pregnant. The internet does that to you, don&#039;t psych yourself out. I took 2 home pregnancy tests, one when my period was 3 days late, and the other 7 days late(both -) Finally I got my period, 9 days late, brown at first and regular the next day. Girls I was stressing myself out, and easier said than done, don&#039;t stress!! Good luck!"
"Thought I share my experience with you all as these reviews helped me. We had unprotected sex on the 15th day (counting day 1 as beginning of her period) of a regular 28 day cycle. It was during ovulation/fertile window. She took the pill within 1 hour. I was worried because I read it doesn&#039;t work during/after ovulation time but two doctors told me it works very effectively during the fertile window granted taken within 72 hours and no sex afterwards. Her side effects only lasted one day and she got no bleeding. Her period was one day late. This pill is highly effective so do not worry too much. People who are trying their best to conceive only have 30% chance at best so the odds are already in your favor to begin. Good luck and don&#039;t stres"
"No side affects for me."
"I have been on Zoloft for the past two months.  In that time, I have been less angry and anxious.  However, I have gained 20 lbs.  I have had gastric banding surgery and I follow Weight Watchers.  I stay within my food intake guidelines and in the past month I have introduced exercise.  I was losing weight steadily at a healthy rate before I started on Zoloft.  Even though the medication is working to help my anxiety/OCD/and depression, I am willing to try another medication because the weight gain is one of the issues affecting my moods.  It may work for some, but I am finding more and more people who have had a drastic weight gain while taking the medicine."
"The pain of insertion was huge and I&#039;ve had lots going on down there with a few cysts and surgery and stuff and this was the worst. Also, no one tells you about the blood from the insertion itself. There was a lot of blood, all over the place. My doctor said it was normal which I&#039;m sure it was, but there was quite a bit, like the floor and the wall and the bed. I have now been bleeding for over two weeks and have had a lot of cramping. I&#039;ve felt like shit, bad headaches, tired and everything. Not fun given it&#039;s end of school year...I have to agree with someones former remark, it&#039;s so effective at birth control because you really just don&#039;t want sex and all the blood. My husband has not been happy."
"43 year old male been on 20mg lipitor for 3 months, alot of side effects for first month mainly muscle spasms and uneasy stomach. Cholesterol went from 240 to 120, cut dose in half, and no more side effects."
"I have been using Sprintec for almost two years and have not had any problems with it.  I was originally put on birth control to slow down my breast growth (one kept growing while the other did not) and not only did it help with that, but I have never gotten crazy acne, my periods are almost always on time and last 3-5 days, and I have not gotten any cramps or weight gain from being on it.  I would highly recommend Sprintec."
"Caused horrific migraine, horrible vomiting, awful anxiety and depression, hallucinations, insomnia and made my joints hurt really bad!"
"I have mild arthritis which gives me pain primarily in my hands, wrists &amp; ankles.  I take (2) 220 mg naproxen sodium before I walk 9 holes of golf in western PA which involves serious hills.  I think it definitely helps me but wonder how long before I anticipate golfing I should take the naproxen sodium, 1 hour, 2 hours, 4 hours?"
"Excellent medicine for anxiety, depression and insomnia."
"Last week, I was doing the same thing you are probably doing. Scouring the internet for any reviews on Lexapro that tell me when it is going to start working. I needed any kind of reassurance that the side effects would be worth it. I was so anxious that I couldn&#039;t sleep, couldn&#039;t stop crying or obsessing over the symptoms of my anxiety, and was struggling to function with a 3 month old baby at home and just going back to a stressful job. It is day 12 on Lexapro, and I feel normal. I have slept the last 3 nights without Ambien, and I am calm. I feel genuinely happy for the first time in a month. I am feeling super encouraged and hopeful. I just wanted to share my experience and give you the reassurance you are probably looking for."
"So far I have had no issues with the Implanon. I&#039;m surprised after reading tons of horrible stories from other females. Insertion felt like a pinch and when it was done my arm was wrapped up. It was quick and simple. I didn&#039;t even have to pay a lot because my insurance covered it. My arm didn&#039;t bruise at all and I was able to just wear a bandaid without it being noticeable. I haven&#039;t had any crazy side effects other than being a little more emotional but it&#039;s the same level as when I get my PMS. I&#039;m happy that I got this implant because now I can feel safe with my partner. I don&#039;t want to have any kids anytime soon."
"I have been on makena since 16 weeks due to a pre mature labor 8 years ago I&#039;m now 34 weeks with two shots left to go I&#039;ve made it :-) I was worried at first but have nothing negative to say and if your doctor recommends this for you I say do it!!"
"Great."
"Causes brain shrinkage in studies.

Made me lose motivation.
Made me fat.
Blurs vision.
uncoordinated and your hands shake.
lose memory, and cannot talk properly."
"I&#039;ve taken Apri for about 2 years and I loved it at first! I was on Yaz before but it was getting way to expensive so I switched. My face has cleared up but I still break out often and on Yaz I was completely acne free. My sex drive has vanished along with when I am in the mood I have horrid vaginal dryness and I&#039;ve gained weight in my lower parts. However, my cup size is now much bigger."
"This has been the best medication for my 10-yr old son, both in how it works and the fact that it&#039;s a liquid. He has severe ADHD. He can&#039;t swallow pills and the patch gave him a rash. He had tried a few capsule meds opened up &amp; the extended release bead mixed in pudding. As soon as this came out, we switched him to Quillivant and he&#039;s had great success in managing his ADHD during the day. He starts having trouble at school around 1pm, so it does wear off somewhat, but overall we have been impressed with this medication. I will second the other reviewer&#039;s comment that you should get the Copay card from your prescriber that is given to them by the manufacturer so it only costs $20/month. You can get a new one each calendar year."
"I began taking Adderall tablets, 15 -25 mg off and on, sometimes using Ritalin tablets instead. Both medications, although chemically different, have been bad for my sex drive. Adderall was preferable as it did not cause me to feel so emotionally vulnerable and &#039;weepy&#039; as Ritalin. BUT learning that there&#039;s a neuro-toxic impact from Adderall that does not occur with Dexedrine has made me ask the question: why not Dexedrine? I do not enjoy the Adderall &#039;high&#039; ~ I always take every medicine as prescribed AND vacation. Adderall helped me focus but *felt* physically mean. Now my psych doctor has prescribed Dexedrine ER. I look forward to enjoying sex again. "
"Vyvanse has helped me immensely as my focus is much better and I have had no ill effects whatsoever. The loss of appetite effect has been very welcome with growing older (I am 46). I have struggled with a sedentary lifestyle and my weight kept increasing. Since taking Vyvanse I have lost 50lbs and that has helped my sleep apnea to the point that I feel much better in the morning and I am not at the same weight I was when I got married 17 years ago. I am 200 lbs 6&#039;1&quot; and have worked up from the initial 10Mg dosage to the max now at 70Mg. I have been on Vyvanse for about a year and a half."
"I had to stop the drug after 5 doses as it gave me tinnitus.  I was not prepared to possibly risk hearing damage."
"
Had it put in two months ago. Insertion was a mildly unpleasant experience, but not bad. I went to the library to work right afterward. Cramped every few days for the first month, but I haven&#039;t felt anything this month. I still use condoms here and thats out of paranoia, but it&#039;s amazing to (mostly) not worry about getting pregnant. I&#039;ve been recommending this to my friends. Just be sure you have a good doctor with lots of practice inserting IUDs.
Hypochondriacs might want to use a birth control method less easy to use as a scapegoat for every headache or tired afternoon, though."
"This is a great drug. I was self medicating with oxys, etc for a few years spending all the money I had. I decided it was time to stop all that and focus on my life. I got a doctor who perscribed methadone and it has changed my life. "
"Confused most of the time."
"I have had it for 3 years and am getting my second one in a month! It is the best form the is available for use."
"Been diagnosed with severe adhd as a child on all the generic medications ritalin aderall aderall xr. Decided to run my life without it and did well for a while til i became 25. As you get older adhd changes and involves more depression emotion and anger while still keeping your energy level and craziness. Vyvanse was prescribbed at a low dose and it is CLEARLY night and day on it.. Emotions are manageable and mind is clear.. One thought at a time. The lights in our mind do go out a tad. Its not so exciting in your own head anymore but you do gain a sense of control that is with ADHD dont even know exists. Some dry mouth and it will keep you up at night if you take it too late. But thats to be expected from amphetamines. Some loss of appeti"
"Day 9 of 10, feeling essentially normal. Bronchitis mostly cleared up by day 4, then lingered a couple more. Took it with full glass of water 1/2hr before breakfast. No side effects, except a blue tongue."
"I love the nextplanon so far. My arm was a little sore after it was placed in, but I expected that. No symptoms besides a few minor headaches and some dizziness. My periods seemed to have completely stopped, which is nice but I&#039;ve heard that symptoms take longer to show in some people so I&#039;m just going to have to wait and see but so far everything has been great. It&#039;s nice not having to worry about taking something daily."
"Took first shot in doctors office 2 weeks ago 75mg and started feeling a little unwell that nite next day extreme nausea, belching, just sick. Finally subsided nite before second shot.Took second shot helps with bringing numbers down though. Side effects of fullness - you have to hydrate and eat smaller meals..hope this helps someone..it does get better O hope Took third shot.. experienced bad nausea and vomiting, "
"I am sooo stiff and lazy on Trintellix . I&#039;ve been on it a year only because I am more focused , but I&#039;ve had enough now of inactivity and I want to lose the 10 lbs I put on despite watching everything I eat.  I find myself too hyper at times and slightly paranoid and over sensitive.   I gave it a long hard try.  Nope, not for me.  I hope my dr will agree to let me go back on low dose cymbalta.  I doubt she will agree.  I will have to wean myself off this by myself very slowly.  Then , I will have to try and convince her to please let me go back on cymbalta .  Cymbalta helps calm me down.  I hate being at the mercy of a doctor.  It&#039;s my life.  I know how I feel; she doesn&#039;t know how I feel.  I would like to see her on Trintellix lol"
"Works well and I&#039;ve tried almost everything. It burns/itches/tingles like crazy when you first start using it but that eventually stops. 

I apply it mixed with a moisturizer."
"This birth control was so bad that I had to stop after three months. I had a lot of side effects within the past three months, such as terrible acid reflex, nausea, heavy bleeding, migraines, and my face broke out terribly.  This was definitely not the birth control for me."
"I was a mean person. In came the VA doctor who said &quot; you need something that will calm you down&quot;. It started with 50 mg twice a day. That worked. I was a good guy again even the Doctor liked me. I had no side effects. About 6 months later my wife said you need something your getting mean again. I got mad, quiet Zoloft. Well I got real nasty quick. Wife called the doctor after 3 weeks. I got a call from VA nurse, telling me I had an appointment the next day. Needless to say I was put back on Zoloft after a huge argument with Doc and wife at the office. I left with prescription of 100 mg twice a day. Still no side effects. 5 years later I am still a nice guy. It&#039;s the best thing since breathing. "
"Works well to control appetite by making you feel fuller, longer. I need this medication because I am overweight from certain medicines I take (for bipolar affective disorder), which cause an unrelenting appetite.

Not good if you have poorly controlled hypertension, but mine is controlled with medication and I monitor it every few days.  

Watch if you take it with an antidepressant (become familiar with the symptoms of &quot;serotonin syndrome&quot; which is a dangerous condition which can result from the combination of the two medicines).

Not covered by my health insurance-Rx plan; will cost over $100.00 cash a month. 

You can maximize the benefits of this medicine if you combine it with reduced food intake, better food choices, and increased physical activity."
"I&#039;m 17 and I got the skyla put in almost a month ago. Insertion didn&#039;t hurt as bad as I thought it would. But I have been in A LOT of pain since then and I have been none stop bleeding. Since insertion I&#039;m asleep constantly but I&#039;m not sure if the skyla has anything to do with it"
"I&#039;m a 38 year old female.  I&#039;ve been on Lexapro 10mgs for 2 1/2 weeks now for severe anxiety due to marital issues.  It has definitely helped- I feel much calmer about my life and has given me back the feeling of being able to cope with life&#039;s current problems.  Before starting Lexapro I was taking Valium every couple days for anxiety and I haven&#039;t needed to take a single one since starting.  The one major side effect I noticed almost immediately was difficulty in reaching orgasm (which was never an issue in the past).  I&#039;m not yet sure whether that&#039;s a deal breaker as I think the other SSRIs would have the same effect."
"I&#039;ve been on Prozac for just about 3 months. At first I did not notice a difference for about a month then I started feeling more energized for a few weeks however the weight is going on as fast as grass grows.
I&#039;m seeing my doctor today and need to switch. I&#039;ve even been working out, walking and have been more active. The weight gain is awful, at least for me."
"I barely start taking this medication, but it&#039;s super good to me, because I used to take 6 pills everyday, and now just one."
"I was prescriped Imuran but had to come off it within 2 weeks due to acute depression and complete loss of appetite!  But some medicines work better on other people, I think you have to find the right one for you!"
"I&#039;ve been to dermatologist over the years and allergists also. It wasn&#039;t until I was prescribed Epiduo that my skin started to improve to the extent that I no longer wear any makeup.   I haven&#039;t been able to do that for years. It may still and dry your skin a little but a bit if moisturiser in the morning and a clear skin makes it all worth while. I am very appreciative to the doctor that prescribed it for me"
"I have had amazing results with Ampyra. I was relying on a walker more and more often because of leg weakness. Within two days of starting the medication; I was back to a cane and not even full time. After two weeks; I can now stand on my own for 4-5 minutes and can walk much faster without foot drop. The only reason I didn&#039;t give it a 10 out of 10 is because of mild side effects (nausea and headache)."
"Have been suffering with a severe throats infection for 3 nights now. Been on antibiotics, aspirin and ibuprofen. Saw a Dr today and was given this injection of Tiraspol. Have been pain free for hours and able to finally eat something. I don&#039;t typically take any drugs but this one I am glad I did!!"
"I LOVE THIS PILL!! I&#039;ve been on it for three years and have never experienced a side affect. It made my periods lighter and shorter. 

Its unfortunate some women have had bad experiences with this pill and if you do have side effects you should tell your doctor asap. Sometime uterine bleeding is actually normal and thats how your body responds to the artificial hormones, regardless of the type of birth control."
"This medication is the only medication on the market that has allowed me to live my normal life. I started taking it around twelve weeks pregnant because I was losing weight rapidly and couldn&#039;t even keep sips of water down. At first I had to take two at night and one in the morning to function. I am now fourteen weeks and have been getting by on only two a day. I tried not taking any at all today and I was great up until 9pm then I got so sick I threw my whole dinner up....unexpectedly. Immediately took two pills and now I feel much better. The only downside is how expensive this medication is. It cost me 186 per bottle of 100."
"I mostly decided to try this med because of all the positive reviews on this site.  I&#039;m sorry to say it isn&#039;t working for me.  I thought it was for a few days, but then it just kinda stopped.  I had NO side effects save for a foggy brain/slight headache for 2 days.  I wanted so badly for this to work.  I&#039;m going to take the rest of my 15 day supply, but at $200  per refill, I don&#039;t know that I&#039;ll continue.  It either works and works really well or it doesn&#039;t work at all or the side effects are too much to continue.  Good luck to everyone out there."
"This made my very sick to my stomach. I couldn&#039;t even finish the bottle. I stopped the day before yesterday and still have severe nausea and insomnia. I just want to feel better!"
"Fire in the hole! In my opinion to use this product you have to be a sadist or a pysco. I&#039;m on a strong course of antibiotics for an upper respiratory infection and as a present I got a yeast infection as an result. I decided to use the 1 day treatment to just get it over with and it may be the worst decesion of my life. Within moments after I administered the treatment I began with an intense  burning and itching sensation that was worst than the infection&#039;s symptoms. I just hit a home run with my shower head to try and alleviate the discomfort and rid myself of the devil cream. I would not recommend nor ever use again. User beware!"
"This pill works wonders. It&#039;s been a couple of weeks and I can definitely see significant improvement in the overall health of my nails! I would recommend this given that liver functions are normal before taking this."
"Recently got off it because...well I ran out. But I love this brand it does the job &amp; no side affects :)"
"I had my 3rd child last yr and wanted effective contraception i didn&#039;t have to think about. I thought it was so great I recommended it to my sisters. I was very concerned about putting on weight after my third child so definitely asked my doctor if it was a concern my mirena, and she definitely said the  risk was minimal. One year on, and i have put on at least 13 kilos after my pregnancy!!!! I also feel quite depressed and emotional. After checking in with my two sisters who had also got miren we realised wed All gained weight since getting the iud. Not happy!"
"was having severe leg pain with 2nd shot but dr gave me 3rd shot without listening to my concerns.  3rd shot  disabled my walking for 3 months, lost energy to where I had to rest after taking a shower, unable to walk without cane or assistance for 3 months, could not put sock on my foot as bending at all caused unbearable pain in groin.  difficulty sleeping with pain without sleep aid.  would never want to experience that again.  But, after 6 months, I am able to walk 2 miles daily without knee hurting at all.  Primary doc said I had an allergic reaction to the medication."
"Was on Lyrica for peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. However, symptoms remained intense and quality of life was severely compromised. In comparison, within days of switching to 90mg Cymbalta daily, symptoms dramatically improved with little side effects."
"Tried the 0.05 mg patch which I had to remove 7 hrs later due to extreme nausea. Maybe lower dosage will alleviate that problem. Waiting for doctor&#039;s call."
"My husband had surgery to remove his prostate gland, bladder, and 12 inches of colon six months ago. He was hospitalized for nine days. His lower-back pain was excruciating, and morphine (controlling it himself) and various types of mattresses did nothing to make him comfortable. He was getting no sleep at all until the surgeon offered Dilaudid. It lasted for about 5 hours or so, and he could have it every 6 hours. It brought quick relief to the back pain and relaxed him enough to get decent amount of sleep after several days of terrible discomfort. No side effects for him either."
"I have been on this medication for around 2 months now, and my acne has gotten sooooo much better, the acne I had on my temples and forehead are now gone, but the sides of my chin still breakout.. my skin is the dryest it&#039;s ever been, and I can&#039;t get the dryness to go away. The sides of my chin are the dryest, but I still breakout there.. If anyone has any advice pleaseeeeee help. Thank you!"
"I have been using this pill for 3 years. I feel this pill helped clear up my acne. I have lighter periods and my cramps are not as bad. I would recommend this pill for anyone who has a heavy flow and really bad cramps. Now my period only lasts a few days and hardly any pain....I do however get really emotional and moody! And have a decreased sex drive. I&#039;m thinking about getting off of it because of my mood swings. Hope this helps."
"So a year ago when I got this I saw a lot of bad reviews. One lady said she itched every time she would sweat. I thought she was over reacting. I Sweat and get hives that look and feel like mosquito bites all over. I don&#039;t get my cycle any more but I cramp bad as he&#039;ll and that&#039;s the only reason I got it."
"I had Skyla for just shy of a year when I found out I was pregnant. I went to the ER with terrible abdominal and back pain, and found out I had a life-threatening ectopic pregnancy. The IUD was confirmed to still be correctly positioned, but it had not prevented pregnancy for me. I had emergency surgery to remove Skyla and my left fallopian tube. Despite the over 99% effectiveness of Skyla, I would never recommend it to anyone after my horrible experience."
"So far I&#039;ve had the nexplanon implant for 2mnths with no complaints.No side effects of weight gain ,acne or pregnancy.Just minimal spotting during my regular menstruation time.This birth control is amazing.Installing it was a breeze and very comfortable because the NP answered all my questions and was very gentle and reasurring"
"Used to be so miserable all the time because of my severe acne. It would be the last thing on my mind before I would fall asleep and the first thing on my mind as soon as I would wake up. All the different face washes weren&#039;t working at all. Decided to tell my parents I was feeling depressed from my acne and they took me to see a dermatologist. Right away they prescribed be minocycline. This stuff has been magic for me so far, it&#039;s been about a year and a half since I started it. I have went from severe acne to basically clear, glowing skin. And another great thing about it is that I have experienced zero side effects. If you are fed up with your acne, this is your solution I can promise you that. It will change your life and confidence!!!"
"I have been using Microgestin the past three months after taking Lo Loestrin Fe for about a year. I&#039;ve seen not one difference between the two. I&#039;m pre-menopasual (51) and it works great for me. No more heavy periods!"
"Well, I never thought I&#039;d ever share it, but yeah.

Accutane destroyed my sex drive.
It&#039;s not that I can&#039;t get an erection or anything, it&#039;s just that. When I start having a sexual intercourse withmy girlfriend, I don&#039;t last long at all. I can barely ever get her to come and it&#039;s pretty hard on my self esteem. You may say - &#039;Why don&#039;t you foreplay more?&#039; There&#039;s a limit to foreplay, get real.

Regardless, I&#039;m not going to die from this, I&#039;ve been through worse.
However, I completely recommend AVOIDING ACCUTANE AT ALL COST.

You&#039;d rather have problems with sex than having acne? 
That&#039;s the worse mistake you can ever make.
That&#039;s.. The worse mistake I ever made.

My acne did go away - not completely, but it did prove to be very efficient on the acne"
"I am currently taking Vyvanse and Intuniv. I am 16 years old and I have ADD. I am on week 2 of the Intuniv. I have noticed that every time I get up from sitting down or laying down, I get very dizzy. I haven&#039;t felt sleepy or tired, but I think that&#039;s just because I am taking the Vyvanse too. I am taking Intuniv to try to cancel out the anxiety side effect of the Vyvanse. I haven&#039;t noticed a difference at all. I am just very frustrated at this point. I have tried almost every ADD medicine out there. I still have impulses and still am a perfectionist. I am still hoping that it will improve over time."
"This is the second month I have been on Reclipsen, I had to change from the pill I took before due to breakthrough issues. I have noticed that I have very bad headaches after taking the medication. I had severe migraines last week during my period week, even though my period didn&#039;t start until a day after the migraine. I have never had such intense side effects of taking birth control but I don&#039;t know why else I would have such headaches. I&#039;m starting to feel like there is no birth control out there for me. I wish there was birth control for men instead!"
"The patch will not stick to my skin! I shave and clean the area before I put the patch on and I hold it for 15 seconds instead of 10 seconds as it tells you to do on the package! I am very unhappy with the Nico derm cq clear patch. I guess I have a better luck quitting cold turkey than to have to waste my patches when they do not stick!!!!!!!!!"
"I have been on this since June of 2012.  I love the balance.  No side effects for Bipolar Disorder.  No up and down. No weight gain.  No tossing and turning.  Helps with sleeping all night.  ."
"Probably the best antidepressant I&#039;ve taken in terms of overall effect and side effects (minimal side effects).  Also, I noted the improvement in days, vs weeks for SSRI/SNRI&#039;s.  It&#039;s not like being hit by a dose of Ritalin but just was a general sense of wanting to get back in the game, feeling ok, but not &quot;locked in&quot; - still have a good range of emotions."
"Possibly due to my flu/pneumonia, had an episode of ventrical tachycardia followed by a-fib.  Had an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD). Put on beta blockers and antibiotics in hospital and monitored for several days before going home with script for Eliquis in addition to the other meds.  The need for a blood thinner was debated because of very low risk factors. After 4th dose of Eliquis on the second day of being released, developed itchy red rash over much of face, neck, torso, arms, thighs and genital area.   Doctor advised me to stop taking  Eliquis."
"Since I work at an OB-GYN office, I&#039;m somewhat of a birth control connoisseur.  I was on Yaz for a year before switching over to Beyaz with folate.  In the entire time I&#039;ve been taking these pills, I&#039;ve only had 3 periods even though I take the placebo pills.  Also, I haven&#039;t experienced a single one of the bad side effects like I&#039;ve had with other pills.  No weight gain, no tenderness, no periods, no crazy anger, and my sex drive has improved 100% since I was on Nuvaring before.   I rate Yaz an A plus!"
"I had severe body acne from the time I was 12 to now (15). Nothing would get rid of it. I&#039;ve tried everything from Proactive to pills. My doctor put me on Accutane. After about 4 weeks, I can say that my face looks more like skin and not a pizza, and my back is smooth. I&#039;m not embarrassed to wear tank tops anymore! If you can, I would say on the pills. They will really change your life. But keep in mind it will get worse before it gets any better."
"It helped end the infection even thin the mucus.  It&#039;s easier to breathe"
"I had the skyla iud put in december 13th (i believe that&#039;s the day). I have a very high pain tolerance, over 16 piercings, have even pierced myself a few times, and the pain from having this inserted was easily a 10/10. I was crying. I was telling them to take it out of me it hurt so bad, but honestly immediately after it was completely in the pain went away SO FAST. I had terrible cramping that day and the day after, but I only bled about 3 days once it was put in. I spotted pretty irregularly the first month, and when it came to the time my period was coming, I bled a full 8 days very heavily. Since my period has ended i haven&#039;t spotted once, and I haven&#039;t had any cramps. I would definitely go through the pain again!! best birth control!!"
"I&#039;ve been on Victoza for 3 weeks and have lost over 10 lbs. The nausea wasn&#039;t that bad for me I started at 0.6 then 1.2 the second week and now for the 3rd week I&#039;m at 1.8. I can only eat small amounts and at times have to force myself to eat. I&#039;m still watching what I eat and stick to natural foods and not processed or junk. I&#039;m hoping this continues for the long term. I hear that it can lose it&#039;s effectiveness after a while. I&#039;m hoping that doesn&#039;t happen with me. Plus I&#039;m training myself to eat small amounts and good food so hopefully that will help in the long run."
"Had it inserted an hour ago.  All good. Took 1 Valium and 2 Nurofen one hour prior.  Have bicornuate uterus, significantly retroverted, no kids and am 46.  Had it done during my period which is the norm in Australia.  Inserted speculum and .Dr washed the cervix and gave 4 local anaesthetic injections into the cervix.  Deep breath then cough really helped when she did each injection.  Pain 4/10. As there is adrenalin in the local anaesthetic can make heart race and legs shake.  Stopped after a couple of mins.  Not uncomfortable. Dr Inserted Mirena, stung a little and then voila finished - 15 mins total. RN held my hand, distracted me and reassured me.  Very professional.  Totally different than what I expected after all the alarmist stories."
"I take 40 mg of Latuda nightly with a titration dose of 25-75 mg Lamogotrine (Lamictal) for bipolar I. Within a day of taking it, my mood brightened, I was able to wake up in the morning without malaise, and experienced a loss of appetite. I much prefer this to Depakote and Wellbutrin. I was not compliant with the Depakote due to the side effects of a huge appetite and the fact that it made me feel like a zombie. After a manic episode, I needed to recommit to compliance again, but abruptly stopped taking Depakote and Risperdone (prescribed right after manic episode) due to side effects. After a couple of weeks of no medicines, the Latuda/Lamotrigine cocktail made life so much brighter."
"I recently got my life back. I was finally diagnosed with Bipolar disorder. I have been on about every medicine for depression you can name over the last twenty years. None had any good results. A lot of them had severe bad side effects. I did not sleep well, cried all the time, was agitated, reclusive and unmotivated. Bless my PNP for trying me on Saphris! I can honestly say for the first time, in a long time, that life is good."
"I&#039;m currently on Atretin, which is the same thing as Accutane. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is the chapped lips but I also stay out of the sun a lot because you can REALLY get BAD SUNBUR. I&#039;m only really 2 months in so I still get a few breakouts but they go away very quickly. My skin is looking so much better. I looked like corn on the cob before the treatment but now I look so much clearer. I don&#039;t regret taking this medication at all. I recommend it for anyone with acne troubles."
"It was really early in the morning, and I went to take Tylenol, when I misread the directions. I meant to measure out two tablespoons of the drug, but accidentally used my measuring cup instead. I ended up chugging two cups of Tylenol instead! I was rushed to the hospital and given Mucomyst-10 to offset the effects. Mucomyst-10 saved my life. Thank you Mucomyst-10!"
"I started 25 mg on June 2nd at bedtime I had the tingling in my hands and bitter taste in my mouth I also fought to remember what I had done all night and morning I felt like a complete zombie..I took one dose and haven&#039;t took anymore since the side effects this pill has isn&#039;t worth me risking it I&#039;d rather keep my weight until I find another way to get it off and to this day June 5, 2015 I still have tingling in my hands and feet and numbness in my arms along with swelling in my fingers I will never take another topamax it&#039;s awful...."
"I have been on Loestrin Fe 24 for about 6 years and recently decided to stop because they were very expensive and I felt bloated all the time. My breasts were always sore and felt swollen. I gained about 10 pounds even though I didn&#039;t change my diet. I found that I was hungry all the time, even after I just ate. I craved sugary snacks like cookies and chocolate as if I was addicted. Since stopping, (about 3 weeks ago) I no longer feel bloated. In fact I lost some weight. Probably water but I still feel so much lighter. My breasts no longer hurt. In fact they have come down to my original size. My clothes fit better and I no longer get mood swings. This pill seems to work great for a lot of people and that is great but for me it was a nightmare. I have so much more energy now and feel more like myself. "
"I am a college student and I have to say this is by far the best ADHD medication I have taken. I was taking Adderall XR prior and was having major anxiety attacks/mood swings and just never really adjusted to it, so my doctor switched me to Concerta. It has helped me tremendously, I am finding it so much easier to focus and complete tasks, I have gone from C&#039;s to the deans list over the last year. I feel no side effects, I take the extended release medication early in the morning so it lasts all day but does not interfere with my sleep patterns. I would recommend this medication, it has worked wonders for me!"
"I have had chronic low back pain for 3 years. I have tried 30  injections, spinal cord stimulator, PT, oral meds, tens unit, etc. The Butrans patch is the 1st time I have had consistent relief ever! My pain without medicines is 8-9. I have pinched nerves that give me pain down both legs. I tried the 5,10, &amp; 20 patch. All dosages lost effectiveness at the 5 day mark leaving me 2.5 days without relief. We finally found a 20mcg patch changed every 5 days is the magic dose. My pain levels stay between a 3 to 5. I have my life back and the only side effects I have is drowsiness. I sleep 4 or 5 hours a day plus a full night sleep!"
"Been a great pill for me. Got turned on to it after using the &quot;4 period a year&quot; method. That DID NOT work well for me and really upset my body chemistry. After about a year or two without taking any pills I started using Levora. No side effects whatsoever and I feel better on it than I did when not using the pill at all! It levels out my hormones nicely I think. But as with any medication, you have to find a pill that works well with your chemistry."
"2 years 7 Months: One A fib at 19 Months. Watch for serious drug interactions. "
"I&#039;ve struggled with anxiety and panic attacks since I was about 20. I&#039;m 31 now and it flared up again this year, so I started on 5mg of escitalopram after seeing my doctor. The first few weeks were really hard. I felt sick and had no appetite at all - great for weight loss! But not very nice feeling so nauseous. I also felt much much more anxious, really horribly panicky at times, I felt quite desperate. I&#039;d say it took 3-4 weeks to subside and since then I&#039;ve felt so so much better. I&#039;m calmer and more positive and less plagued by anxious thoughts all the time. I just feel like me again. It&#039;s quite an incredible medication &amp; I&#039;m so grateful that its there &amp; it works. The first few weeks are really hard but it&#039;s so worth sticking with it!"
"I&#039;m 27 &amp; struggle with hormonal cystic acne. I have been on this medication for about 3 months now. Prior to Bactrim, I was taking minocycline. Minocycline worked great but I developed a resistance to it in July 2013. From July 2013 I tried doxycycline, then erythromycin. I struggled trying to find a solution with my Kaiser dermatologist until I went to another dermatologist in June 2014. June 2014, I tried Bactrim &amp; it started clearing up my skin 3 days after using it. I was prescribed to take 1 pill twice daily. I take 1 in the morning &amp; 1 at night. This medicine has saved me from depression, feeling dirty &amp; ugly. I hope I don&#039;t develop a resistance to it. My skin is completely clear."
"Don&#039;t know what I would do without it."
"At least 3 out of every group in the silver packaging..... I CANNOT GET THE LIQUID TO COME OUT!!!
At first I thought it was a fluke, but that has been consistent through 5-6 months. Very frustrating. 
ALSO, there is barely enough, when it does come out, for a drop in each eye. How about changing the tube and adding a little bit more!!!!"
"My 9yr old son has been on it Metadate 20mg for over a year now. Only side effect is lost of appetite so I make him eat a big breakfast. He only takes it on the week days for school it has really helped him to focus. My sons grade improved from 60&#039;s to 90&#039;s. I like Metadate because by the time he&#039;s out from school the medication has warn off and he&#039;s back to his normal active self. During the summer I also give him a break from the med and we do not have to tapper off in order for him to stop. We&#039;ve tried other medications that which had not so good side effects. Metadate so far is the best."
"I used to take Cipralex for my anxiety/depression and have recently switched to this as the Cipralex did not work for me.  Fluoxetine has helped me with both depression and anxiety, in a big way.  I still struggle with some depressive symptoms, but they&#039;re manageable, and I&#039;m able to recognize anxiety for what it is, rather than letting it cycle into so much negative self-talk that it contributes even more to depressive symptoms.  Overall, I&#039;ve had a great experience with this drug, but recommend careful monitoring for any medication switch.  Hang in there!"
"I have Celiac disease and one of the side effects are migraines that use to last 3 or days until I found DHE 45 which was 1st done by IV.  After that I was prescribed the shots until the nasal spray came out. 

After 15 years of research on my own I have come to the conclusion that either Celiac or other allergens are the prime cause of migraines that last more then 24 hours and maybe those as well;  for these conditions cause swelling in every cell in the body including the neurons.

I hope this helps others who suffer from the debilitating pain caused by these episodes."
"My daughter because of insurance had to switch to this medication.  She screams because of the pain she experiences and we have to hold her down to give it to her.  The problem is the actual medication, it stings severely.  I&#039;m not sure if we will have the heart to continue her therapy.  Avoid Nutropin if you can!!  Try a different medication, there are other growth hormone medications that are completely painless!  Before Nutropin the daily injections were not bad at all and she was growing beautifully.  Now, its torture for my dear 9 year old child."
"I started 10/31/16...i am down 9lbs...i walk every day and eat ok....the key to your heart not racing ...cut the pill in half..take 1 at 6 or when you wake up the other at lunch.   Do not take after 2 pm"
"I experienced 2 attacks within 2 years. The Last was August 2014. On November 1st 2014, I was diagnosed with MS. I started Copaxone 40, 3x a week. Fast Forward to now, 4-25-16. I have had no new attacks since and no permanent damage. Sure the injections are a pain sometimes, and I was nervous at first. Plain and simple - If I mess up an injection. It Hurts! If I take my time and do it right I feel nothing. I have never dieted in my life, but now 38, I need to change my diet and exercise again. The medicine has worked for me. Aside from my weight gain, I am 100% grateful for the drug and will keep it going. Stay Positive ! Good Luck everyone. &quot;It is what we make of it&quot;"
"Insect bite: No side effects. Tape was a relief for the pain and swelling relief."
"I take this drug at night.  I would not recommend taking it in the morning.  It has really helped my paranoia. I have been taking it since 2004."
"Little groggy when I take it at night, but that&#039;s all I noticed."
"I have been on this pill for about 5 months now. I switched to this after having problems with depo, which caused me horrible migraines that actually put me in the hospital. Since I&#039;ve started this pill, I&#039;ve had nothing but problems with constant bleeding.  The strength of the pill has been changed higher a few times. After sex, I bleed, going to the bathroom, I bleed. I absolutely hate it. I&#039;ve also been very irritable, but mostly because I&#039;m tired of bleeding. And I feel dizzy all the time, and feel out of body. I rather gain a ton of weight on the depo, and deal with migraines again, than deal with what I&#039;m going through on gildess."
"I got a sample 3 days ago and noticed improvement in 24 hours. My brain fog is gone, stuffiness greatly reduced and I feel better than I have for months if not years. I&#039;ll check in again after longer use. Right now I am wishing I had this at least a year ago."
"I have a serious issue with Migraines. Almost 6 a week. When the device was first prescribed back in 2010, I did not have a problem since they were coming from San Diego from Telegenics. Once ENDO started producing the product, all I have are failures. I have had as many as 5 of 6 in a box fail to work. 
I have had several that after I tried to use them, they spontaneously &quot;went off&quot; on the bathroom counter. Luckily not in my face. I have contacted ENDO, at this point now early August 2016, I have not received even 1 replacement for the 18 that failed. You know the cost. My insurance will stop paying for them in a couple of months.
I reported every one to Endo. But the issue is getting worse. I have reported this chronic issue to the FDA"
"I developed near-total numbness in my thigh over a period of 2 months after which the surface pain was unbearable. I couldn&#039;t even touch the hairs on my thigh without gritting my teeth in pain. I saw a neurologist who couldn&#039;t identify the cause even after MRI, EMG and blood work. After trying Lyrica for the pain (which didn&#039;t help at all), he gave me Elavil. Using only a 25mg dose, the pain disappeared completely after one week. I did have some dry-mouth as a side effect for awhile, but that has subsided somewhat. Great stuff!"
"I&#039;ve been taking urso for 6 years. My blood levels are now in check. Original biopsy showed stage 4-5 liver damage. Found when I had gall bladder removal surgery."
"I honestly struggled with acne all my life . I was wearing foundation in like 6th grade because of how bad my face was . I would always be jealous of the girl that could wake up an walk out an still look good . My confidence without makeup Is very low . But I have to say I e been on this a few months now an today was the first day in my life I&#039;ve went out without my foundation on just my bare skin . Yes I have like two lil pimples but I&#039;m so proud of myself for accomplishing this . I couldn&#039;t be any happier . This is all I ever wanted was to still feel that I looked good without the pounds of makeup I used to cover up my face an every little pimple . This stuff is life changing . I recommend it to anyone ."
"I have taken this medicine for 4 years now, 10mg once a day. I take it at night before bed. My blood pressure is great all the time. I had problems with my blood pressure after child birth and it never went away. But this medicine has been dependable and lowered it to normal. I do have a dry cough here and there mostly at night sometimes, when I don&#039;t drink the full glass of water. I get my blood checked every year to make sure it is not affecting my liver or kidneys. The only thing I noticed is that you cannot miss a dose, you will feel it if you do."
"I started taking this pill on 7/30/10. I&#039;m a 5&#039;4, 25 yr old female, my start weight was 144lbs. I&#039;ve been going to the gym, a minimum of 3 days a week (prior to the pills) 2-3 hr cardio classes. I was stuck on the same weight for a while, my eating habits aren&#039;t the greatest but not the unhealthiest either. I told my doctor that I had difficulties shaving off some pounds so she prescribed me the medication. During the first week or so I dropped 8lbs. I&#039;m at 136 lbs right now. My appetite has reduced immensely. I hardly desire to eat. I only eat small portions once or twice a day. The side effects that I have recently encountered for the past 3 days is a lot of dizziness (mostly when I stand up), light headed, some dry mouth (not too bad)."
"I have been using Voltaren gel for months for chronic upper back &amp; neck pain and for chronic migraine. It has been prescribed as an adjunct medicine for me in either case, not my primary medicine. I love this stuff! It absorbs very quickly and usually works well for me for a few hours post application. So far I have had no negative side effects from using it, just relief!"
"Three weeks in and I have headaches, nausea, and irritability.  My biggest problem with this pill is I now have the worst acne my face has ever seen.  "
"At a starting weight w a new doctor 440 lbs. I tried adipex. I only took it a week before I stopped due to headaches, heart racing just getting up to go to bathroom. But with sheer willpower alone in one year I lost 120 lbs . After losing average 10 lbs a month my weight leveled out and I couldn&#039;t get but 5 lbs a month. So we decided to try Adipex again.  I started Aug 15 at 316 now Sept.13- 295lb.  This time no side effects I&#039;m exercising more and feeling great. Hoping for the best"
"So far no side affects and a huge improvment in my sex drive and and less tired."
"I started taking contrave in August of 2016 and it worked for me the first day. I did suffer from nausea sometimes but to me the medicine did more good than bad. I have lost just about 50 pounds since August.  It suppresses my appetite and I have no desire to eat junk food. I don&#039;t eat fried food anymore either. You have to do your part for the medicine to do it&#039;s part. No such thing as a &quot;magic pill&quot; but it does help me make better food choices and I exercise as well. All in all I like the medication"
"I am currently sitting on the toilet typing this. It was SO hard to get down...I almost threw up. But it&#039;s working..... currently."
"Good relief if taken exactly as prescribed and only when needed."
"I an 53 and have OA under my kneecaps due to patellafemoral syndrome and poor kneecap tracking.  No swelling but lots of pain.  Can&#039;t take oral NSAIDs due to stomach issues.  Unfortunately, despite applying this three times a day for weeks there was no improvement in pain."
"Today is May 15, I started at a low dose of 25mg cut in half. I do notice I&#039;m not having the fears. My child has a rare cancer with no treatment or cure, so I really thought of her death daily. I&#039;m able to not think negatively now which is healthier for both of us. I have no side effects that I&#039;m aware of yet. I am just starting out and on such a low dose. After reading all others here, I think I would like to stay on a lower dose, maybe less than 100mg. We will see. There is another part of me that just does not want any of this but the reality of it all is, I may feel this way now because the medicines are working. I have been on 100mg of Seroquel for 5 years for sleep. I am going to start to wean down and maybe off it, on Doctor&#039;s recommendation of course."
"I suffer from major depression so the doctor gave me Cymbalta. The first days I was completely out of it. Didn&#039;t know what was going on so I quit taking it for a day and I went back to normal. The next day I tried again to give it time, well I have no memory of two days because I was so out of it and blacked out. I woke up in the hospital swollen up like crazy they told me I overdosed from the depression medicines but I only took 4, 1 pill a day."
"I have had to have several colonoscopies over the years and have always been given picolax.  I was slightly concerned with the Moviprep as there was a lot to drink.  However if you pace yourself over say an hour its fine make sure its cold and maybe suck a halls menthal sweet with it.  It works quickly and much less pain and discomfort than with the Picolax.  I had it at 5pm went to the toilet a lot up until about 10pm then actually had a night sleep.  Next morning the same amount again, toilet for about another 4 hours then off to the hospital.  I seemed to be able to keep more hydrated with this preparation than with the Picolax as I did not feel so rotten and sick.  Much more comfortable experience all round."
"I&#039;m 18 with no children and had Mirena inserted about 3 weeks ago. The procedure was pretty painful for me but it went quick and no tears so I got through that. I got right up and continued on the cramping, started instantly and was pretty intense, so I took something for it and called it a day early. I got the Mirena inserted for regulation of my period, and because I&#039;m leaving for college and am aware that my schedule will get hectic so I wanted new source of birth control (I&#039;ve been on the pill since 12/13 yrs old) . I haven&#039;t had any other symptoms besides cramping. I rarely cramped before so this cramping to me is intense. They usually aren&#039;t continuous cramps, in and out something like a spasm."
"As Percocet was not helping my back pain anymore my Doctor switched me to Demerol 100mg. Now my back pain is once again under control and I am only taking two pills a day instead of 6-8 Percocets. I have had no negative side effects as of yet. This is by far the most relief I&#039;ve had in years. I&#039;ve been on Vicodin, Percocet, MS Contin, naproxen, Norco 10mg and I&#039;ve never had total relief until now. "
"I&#039;m 21 years old and have been on this birth control for almost a year now and I absolutely love it. No weight gain, no headaches, no acne, no side effects really except I no longer have a period at all. Just to be cautious I take a pregnancy test every month, but so far there hasn&#039;t been a need for it. My sex drive is the same and hasn&#039;t changed at all. The pills are easy to swallow. I would never switch birth controls!"
"The Botox not only was highly ineffective for me, but also left me with horrible neck and shoulder pain. My first Botox was over a year ago, a week after that I woke up with a frozen neck and shoulders pain. I was waiting for the 3 months mark for a relief, but it never came. It seems that the muscles that were injected became paralyzed and other ones started overcompensating, and thus became very tight and painful. Neck MRI came normal. 4 months ago I was talked again into the Botox and the neck pain got only worse. On top of that I am having this horrid nerve-like pain on the left side of my head. Besides, the Botox never helped with my migraines. So please be careful, cause you may end up worse than before..with a new kind of pain."
"I have been taking 80 mg of Diovan daily for about 10 years. My blood pressure remains under control and I have had no side effects at all."
"My son had severe acne. We tried every prescription and non-prescription topical cream and also the oral medications, minocycline and doxycycline. Nothing worked and he was struggling for 2 years with self esteem crushing acne all over his face. I was hesitant to have him try Accutane because of all the side effects but I&#039;m so glad we decided to have him try it. He started at 40 mg the first month and then switched to 80 mg for 5 months. His face is completely clear. I call this a miracle drug.   It&#039;s not for everyone and please realize there are some serious side effects for some people. My son mainly just had chapped lips and some peeling skin but nothing that wasn&#039;t manageable with moisturizer and chap stick"
"I was diagnosed with celiacs in 2007. Emergency gallbladder removal in 2009. Over the years my digestive system has been malfunctioning. Last year I had trouble digesting curtains foods. February I was rushed to the hospital due to severe vomiting and abdomen pain. All the food I threw was undigested and my stool was black. Went through many different testing and was put on Amitiza. It was probably my second worst experience with a medication. In the first week I had extreme headaches, I felt fatigued, had abdominal pain, and severe mood swings. was put on linzess and have been going ever since! "
"I have been drinking heavily for the last 12 years. It got to a stage that I would have a beer first thing in the morning and keep going for the rest of the day. I was sacked from work as I was caught drinking at work. After 2 rounds of acute pancreatitis, I decided to put an end to this habit as it was ruining my marriage and life. I was put on Campral by my GP and I have not had a drink in 35 days. No cravings. This is a very effective medicine, that is if you really want to quit and is willing to give Campral a go."
"I took this at the very first tingling feeling that told me a cold sore was forming. I&#039;ve been taking 2 pills a day for 2 days now and my cold sore is not even visible. There is little to no irritation (with the help of some cream) and no redness or blistering. Best treatment I&#039;ve ever used on my cold sores!!"
"I&#039;ve had the mirena in for 4 months. The first month I bled for about 2 weeks, but my doctor warned me about bleeding/spotting so I didn&#039;t think anything about it. Next month, bled for about 10 days,(normal cycle is 5 days) and the 3rd month, I bled for the entire month and 2 weeks into the next month. I went to the bathroom to urinate. I go to wipe myself and the mirena comes completely out. It was wrapped in huge blood clots, and I had an alarming amount of blood come out. I&#039;m beyond frustrated.  Bleeding for 6 weeks has not been fun at all, and now it comes out "
"Began taking xanax during a time when my one and only child left home for college and I lost my job a month later.  It allowed me to cope and move forward.  The most I ever took was 1 mg per day, but I now take .25 when I have periodic depression and anxiety.  I sometimes go 6 weeks without taking one.  The best way to describe it is like rebooting your mind.  Life saver for me."
"I have been on this medicine for over a year now. It was helpful in controlling the anxiety and panic attacks so much so that with the help of other holistic therapies (chiropractic twice weekly, nettle infusions, herbs and blood type diet to cleanse colon) that I feel its time to try life without medicines once again.
Ruminating thoughts snowballing, vivid and often violent dreams are constant and have been all throughout the treatment. I plan on taking myself off over the next 6 months so I can learn to FULLY relax. Now my anxiety is under control and my lifestyle has changed to enable that to continue."
"Hi I had c diff a year ago and it made me lose so much weight ! I told the doctors I was unhappy with my weight and I couldn&#039;t eat due to stress . I got assigned these pills and I was only suppose to take 2 a day but my cousin was suppose to take 3 a day ? Well about two months later I gained 15 pounds , at first I couldn&#039;t tell just knew I was eating a lot more. Then slowly I noticed I gained weight: also in your belly area is the worst !!!!! But I&#039;m going to start back taking the pills recently I stopped because I&#039;ve been busy and was a good weight but now I&#039;m unhappy again with my weight so 3 times a day I will take them!"
"Was on this for about 3 months, normally the time frame for deciding whether or not your body reacts well to a medication. Periods were fine and normal, lasted about 5 days, light to moderate. Still got cramps around the second day and acne about a week or so prior to my period. I started to get inter-menstrual cramping and sharp pain in between periods. Normally if I miss a pill, or few, I can take them all, up to 4, shit happens, and be fine. With this I felt really sick and crampy if I took more than 2. I gained about 15lbs in 3 months, but I also had moved across country and started a new desk job, so cant account that all to the medication. No mood swings or headaches. Definitely increased discharge though."
"My father 73 was suffering from MDD for past 4 years.Tried various medicines all top doctors but not much change. Life has definitely become better after vilazodone 20mg."
"This is the best migraine medication I have found for me and my daughter.  We have tried other medications, but they either have undesirable side effects or they don&#039;t relieve the migraine.  "
"I started at 5&#039;8 189lb pounds. I just finished week one. After reading the reviews I was hesitant to try this but so far no nausea. I have noticed zero desire for sweets. Even diet soda (which I used to love) holds little interest for me. Day 2-4 I noticed way more energy but I seemed to get used to the drug by day 5 and slept more but still have no interest in most food, get fuller faster and am repulsed by sugar. Starting my second pm dose tonight for week 2.  *I take no additional medications."
"I&#039;ve finished week 2 on Contrave. I&#039;m down 4 pounds. My doctor is pleased. He doesn&#039;t want me losing any faster than that. For me, no side effects. My doctor also said it can take 4 weeks for the full effect which makes sense because it takes that long to get to the full dose. Stick with it."
"The only medicine that keeps my migraines manageable. I take it along with Topiramate and a beta blocker, atenolol as well as the when required medicines for when one strikes (Naprelan, and either Frova or Axert or Sumavel injection)."
"I had too many pimples all over my face. They were little ones, and black heads as well. I live in one of the hottest countries in the world where the sun is available throughout the year. Sandstorms occur often which made dirts stick to my face and produce more pimples. I went to the dermatologist he prescribed Differin 0.1 and Bepantene (whatever how it spells). I&#039;ve been using differin since August nightly before I sleep. Now in November I literally have zero pimples in my face and the redness is gone. I&#039;m really satisfied. Literally all you need in patience for results. Bepantene was prescribed for me for the scars and as a moisturiser, since differin drys the face (just a little). Even tho I don&#039;t have ac I highly recommend it."
"My anxiety was extremely bad and I had tried lexapro but the side effects for me were horrible; so my doctor started new on BuSpar. I&#039;ve been on it now going on two weeks and I can say I do feel a slight difference. My anxiety is still there but not as bad... I&#039;m still having attacks off and on but I&#039;m going to stick with this and give it some more time. The only side effect I have is the dizziness but I&#039;ve learned if I eat even just a piece of toast that it helps with that. Other than that no side effects. I say if your suffering give this a try and stick with it."
"I was having severe right sided headaches for the past couple of years that started in the evening and wouldn&#039;t let me go to sleep.  I would push on my eye with my hand until it would weep because the pain was so bad.  My neurologist gave me a vessel medication which didn&#039;t change anything.  He gave me Klonopin and they were gone by the next day.  I just have to make sure I take the medicine before I get the headache.  (On a side note I have partial seizures from meningitis damage in my brain when I was two and take Lamictal and Keppra for that)."
"After taking Loestrin 34, which made me extremely moody to where no one wanted to be around me, I started taking Aviane. The first month I was on it I bled for the full month. I think that my body was just getting used to it because I just started the second month pack and after my period which only lasted a few days I stopped bleeding. I like it so far!"
"3 1/2 years ago I decided to take Chantix to quit smoking.  For me Chantix was a miracle.  I have had no desire to smoke since I quit.  I feel so much better and breath much better.  I smoked a pack per day for over 20 years.  I was feeling short of breath and exhausted all of the time.  Not any more.  Thank you Chantix."
"I was so hoping this was going to be the answer to my prayers like it has been for many of you. I still think this is def worth a try. Its either a hit or miss it seems. Its obv working for so many. For me, I needed an exorcism. lol I was extremely irritable, yelling, rage, crazy. Extreme insomnia. Heart palpitations, severe anxiety, &amp; night terrors to top it off. ugh I have Sjogrens so treatment options are limited for me plus I&#039;m freakishly sensitive. I barely made it 3 days. Good luck to you."
"This medication is God send.  I have been an opiate addict for over 10 years. I have tried Methadone, Suboxone, being totally sober (which caused me to go insane as well as suicidal).  I truly have hope for my future now and after about 14 years of searching to just feel &quot;normal&quot; I finally do.  Within two weeks of getting my dosage correct my parents and friends could see a MAJOR difference in me, my attitude towards life, my appearance, my motivation and overall happiness."
"I was diagnosed with a reactive Rheumatoid Arthritis August 1998 after getting the first shot of Hepatitis B vaccine which triggered my RA. I was on Prednisone for a year, Plaquenil, sulafalazine(which almost killed me), arava (leflunomide) for a while, was on Humira which didint help, changed to Enbrel which gave me rashes. In 2000, my rheumatologist who was into RA research and had RA himself ordered Remicaide infusion wtih MTX. That&#039;s 15 years ago of quality of life and contnuing 5mg Remicaide every 10 weeks. All my RA labs and tests are negative except CCP (which is 5X higher than the normal. This coming month I&#039;ll be OFF my MTX. Even when I&#039;m on Remission I did not stop my Remicaide coz flare ups are worst than the first symptoms."
"Got my Liletta at Planned Parenthood in early December 2016. I&#039;m 22, never been pregnant or had a pap before. 
My doctors were very nice and the procedure wasn&#039;t that bad. They even gave me a heat pack to put on my tummy.
It was uncomfortable and the insertion felt like a really bad cramp for a second or two but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle.

Afterward, I bled constantly for 30+ days, heavy at first but then a medium-light flow. 
After that I didn&#039;t get my period for about 3 months. Then it returned but it&#039;s now VERY light but WAY longer, about 10-14 days when it used to be 5-7. 
During my periods I now don&#039;t have cramps, but a couple of days before I get horribly painful random cramps that last 10-60ish seconds. Still not Prego though."
"I started taking Seasonique around October after I finished my last pack of Ortho Tri-Cyclen. I was fine with Ortho Tri-Cyclen, but I wanted to try something new. So far it&#039;s been okay. I&#039;ve noticed my acne has flared up much more then when I was taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen, but I thought it would clear up. As of yet it hasn&#039;t gotten much better. My cramps are definitely not making things any better. It&#039;s only been 2 months.. So I&#039;ll keep on taking Seasonique and hopefully things will improve!"
"Well I been on my nexplanon for at least 2 years and the only downside I&#039;m having is bleeding after 2 1/2 years and I&#039;m wondering when is it going stop but overall it&#039;s a great birth control"
"I have quit 3 times and it&#039;s been my own weakness.  This is my last time. The more you relapse the more you realize you do not want to smoke.  I have gone both times 8 months. It&#039;s always at the most stressful occasion, the last was being laid off at 64 after 13 years.  This last Chantix event has been rough but I have cut back on the dosage. I&#039;ve been on it about 6 weeks. It&#039;s not taking as long as it did the first time because I have begun to hate the smoke smell and dependence worse than the enjoyment that I had 2 years ago.  I could never stop without it. Try it, make adjustments, if it doesn&#039;t work, so be it.  I quit on the 13th of February, I hope, for the last time.  Don&#039;t ever give up, please.  Drink as much water as you can."
"Our pediatrician suggested using this after our now 12 year old with eczema had a very bad case of diaper rash, weepy and bleeding. We have used it ever since for diaper rash. It is better than anything we&#039;ve ever tried and we&#039;ve tried them all. We recommended it to anyone who asks. Usually clears up even the worst diaper rash in 24 hours."
"I have been on this medicine for three days for treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness that is not helped by proper use of CPAP. Previously I have struggled to stay awake at work and I am very happy to report that this medication has helped me to stay awake quite nicely with no trouble falling asleep at night. I am currently taking the 100 mg dose."
"A 1.5 mg dose was given to my 88 year old father who has slight dementia and is bed bound from stroke and various other ailments ie advanced prostate cancer. He has a sunny disposition, although he was a bit upset that he had become bed bound. Natural reaction really. The palliative care nurse who saw him and prescribed it encouraged me to give it to him for &#039;anxiety&#039; in a very general sense.
After three weeks he became like a zombie, wouldn&#039;t do anything except lie there looking lost, no interest in the TV or politics which he loves. He became  extremely frail, shaking hands and completely incontinent. It scared us. It kept us the family up all night with the incontinence.
It seems to be administered to keep the oldies quiet. I&#039;m furious."
"I just got mine in today and came to talk about the insertion process. A lot of the internet says it hurts so badly, but I didn&#039;t have any issues - it barely hurt at all. Ask your doctors about Misaprostal - I have never had children but that medication made it to where my uterus didn&#039;t have to be dilated, not to mention the less pain I experienced! It felt less bad than a stomach cramp, and a LOT less bad than a muscle cramp. Don&#039;t be afraid!"
"I have been on Keppra for two years and would not recommend it. Keppra greatly reduced the frequency and severity of my seizures BUT it did so at a cost. Since starting Keppra I&#039;ve consistently experienced depression, anxiety, and compulsive suicidal thoughts. It has significantly impacted my quality of life in terms of mental health."
"I am a 87 yr old with increasing diarrhea for the last few years. I
Was diagnosed about a year ago with possible IBS. Dr. gave Rx for Lenzess which caused severe diarrhea. So only took occasionally then 
began taking regularly about 6 months ago  as prescribed.     Had response within an hour     With diarrhea 6 to 8 episodes
For next 3 to 4 hours. It seems      to work fine, but did not produce a normal BM. Because the diarrhea every day was so disruptive.The Dr.changed the  Rx to every other 
day and still had good results.
Changed  time Rx taken to 30 min b4 the evening meal . Rx seem take longer to work but is a lot less disruptive to my day.Things may never return to normal, but they are a lot better with Lenzess!"
"Very good at suppressing appetite. By the second week, at 2 pills I was having to make sure I was getting enough calories. Noticeable side-effect has been intentional tremor. It is an annoyance I am willing to tolerate because of its effectiveness. I will not however increase dosage up to the four a day. Two is working extremely effectively."
"Let me start off by saying that this rating is solely based on my insertion experience. After my OBGYN inserted the IUD, I felt nauseous then fainted. Everything was blurry and my arms/fingers went numb. It only lasted 15 minutes but this is called a vasovagal attack where your blood pressure drops due to a neurological shock. Only small percentage experience it, but it can still happen. Some words of advice:

1. Have someone go with you! My husband insisted he come incase my body reacted badly. Thank goodness he did as I was in no shape to drive after 
2. Take ibuprofen 30 min before insertion
3. Schedule appt during your menstrual cycle (more dilated cervix)

I&#039;m better now, just managing the abdomonal pain with ibuprofen and lots of rest"
"Ok well I just started this less than a week ago and I can&#039;t tell if my acne is getting better or worse my periods are definitely lighter and less cramps but I&#039;m breaking out on my cheeks (I&#039;ve only gotten the occasional pimple on my cheeks). I notice my chin is clearing up a little bit which is good compared to my usual 10 spots on it now I just have 2. Although not only are my cheeks breaking out but my forehead is kinda more bumpy than usual. I&#039;ll have to wait a little more and see, I heard it gets better with time."
"My a1c is back to normal"
"I had been getting cold sores every other week, and one popped up on the day I was to meet my boyfriends parents, so embarrassing. It was already starting to blister as well, so I took Valtrex, the first 4 pills at 1 pm, and it did not get any bigger all day. Around 11 pm I noticed it was so much better, even my boyfriend was shocked, then around 1 am, I took the last four pills, and the cold sore was almost fully gone the next day, the day after that it was totally gone.  I just got the starting of a cold sore this morning, right away I rushed to my doctor, got some more Valtrex. It&#039;s a miracle medicine. "
"I had tried Abilify, Fanapt, lithium, Depakote, and Geodon for my bipolar disorder. Luckily, a doctor introduced me to Invega. It helped dramatically with my bipolar issues and alcohol abuse. I have absolutely no problem with my mood since being on this medicine. I&#039;m always happy and am no longer irritable since being on this medicine. I don&#039;t have a problem with alcohol abuse anymore and I&#039;m able to drink like a normal person.  There are two problems I have with Invega though. The first is that I gained weight dramatically. In 5 months I gained 50 lbs. Also I would have random spurts of horrible anxiety.  Great medication all in all though."
"I&#039;ve been on this drug for about 3 months at 10 mg. The first 2 weeks or so I had morning gas. I usually don&#039;t experience physical start up effects like others do. Trintellix has helped with social anxiety. It&#039;s more gentle drug. Trintellix however, made my anhedonia much much WORSE and my sex drive has become non existent. I&#039;m freaking castrated now (on 20 mg its a lot worse). For these reasons I decided to stop taking it. :("
"Is very effective in the beginning, but creates tolerance. Stopped working after 4 months. If you are a long-term user, try to take it every other night."
"Two weeks since I started abilify 5mg, I can now get out of bed and enjoy my life. I am up at 4am, but so is my dad and 4 dogs which makes me go to bed early. But throughout the day. I am a totally new and fun person. I hope it lasts."
"I usually take Exedrine migraine for my migraines this time it failed. My migraine lasted approx a day and a half looking desperately throughout my medicine cabinet I came across Cafergot which clearly I took at some point it relieved me a whole lot within I&#039;d say about an hour very grateful for the medicine. Still have a slight throbbing pain at the back of my right eye but it has significantly reduced the pain."
"I have a hyper sensitive system to medications, but didn&#039;t experience most of these symptoms. I did, however, have muscle and tendon issues. I&#039;ve had many UTI&#039;s over the years and after taking the full week&#039;s dosage,  This medication ddi not work at all for me. I had 2 pill/day x 7 days got 0 results. Still in pain and have the urgency thing going on. Doctor wanted to refer me to a urologist. What a racket!!! Give me my Cipro back. It&#039;s the ONLY thing that works for me."
"Not effective"
"I reviewed this drug 2 yrs ago after switching from Lisinopril because of intestinal angioedema. It reoccured for me with Losartan out if the blue after two years on this medicine. Did some digging and apparently it&#039;s fairly common if you&#039;ve experienced it on Lisinopril to have it with losartan too. Bummer. It worked well for controlling my bp and helped me fall asleep quickly because I took it before bed. If you experience horrible abdominal pain on an ACE or ARB, could be intestinal angioedema. FYI"
"I had a total knee replacement at the age of 32.  I have to say that I was in nasty pain 8 out of 10 and Percocet helped me tremendously.  I can actually sleep now and rehab more effectively.  I wake up every couple of hours at night and have some cold sweats as well along with cotton mouth but I think its worth the pain relief."
"Day 1 on Contrave, I feel dizzy, nauseous, and tired. My heart is beating rapidly, and I am wishing I hadn&#039;t started this today. I don&#039;t think I can push through theses side effects that are supposed to subside. I had been taking Phentermine for the last few months, with great success. My doctor said I can&#039;t stay on the phentermine long term, so we switched to Contrave. Not sure what to do from here about the side effects being so severe."
"I&#039;m shocked at how many people say the pill taste awful. I had the mega dosage (4 pills at once) and I just took a big sip of fruit punch, dropped the pill in the back of my throat and swallowed. Tasted nothing. You guys must be sucking them like peppermints. As far a symptoms, barely any. I did get a lil nausea here and there but no big deal. Pills seemed to work almost immediately."
"I was prescribed Elavil by my Rheumatologist and have been on it for 10 days. He prescribed a dose of 25mg but I am super sensitive to Meds and have only been taking 12.5mg. Let me just start by saying I have been on everything from Zoloft to Lyrica for depression and Fibro. I have had negative experiences with most of them. I was skeptical to even try Elavil after reading some user reviews but decided to give it a try. So far I have noticed that I have more energy and don&#039;t feel like I am in a fog.Other side effects I&#039;ve noticed:1. Dry mouth 2. Weird dreams 3. Tired in am but more energy later on.4. Upper back pain in the A.M. This concerns me. 5.More social 6.No pain relief for Fibro. If anything I am more aware of it.Jury still out :/"
"I have been on this birth control for 3 months and for me I only get pimples during the period week, I have gained weight but only 8lbs through out the whole 3 months, and I have a very high sex drive during the second week. The week before my period I am doing good, but the last 2 days I get mood swings and craving of food. Personally I don&#039;t get headache, cramps, or pain. Also I have a light flow now, I use to have to have a VERY heavy flow."
"I have been on Savella for about a year.  The medication greatly reduced my pain. Initially after titrating up I was on 100 mg.  However, it caused my blood pressure to go really high even with the medicine I take for blood pressure.  I reduced the medicine to 50 mg which helped some with the blood pressure . However, the nausea and vomiting, hot flashes, sweating have continued. The nausea and vomiting is bad enough that I am willing to go off the medication.  I am hoping I can find something that will help as well without the side effects.  The benefits are outweighed by the side effects for me."
"I have been using Nuvaring for about 4 months and I love it. I was a little scared to get on birth control because everyone just says negative things. I have not noticed any emotional differences. No mood swings or depression. The only side effects I have noticed are the first few days after I put a ring in I experience loss of appetite and some bloating. Overall I am very pleased. My boyfriend never feels it and it has never fallen out during sex. I will continue to use Nuvaring."
"I have been taking Sprintec for 9 months now and can&#039;t wait for my prescription to be up so I can switch. The first 2 months I experienced extreme loss of appetite, depression, suicidal thoughts, panic, anxiety and insomnia. The next 4 months I levelled off. My periods were PAINLESS and light! 2 months ago the bloating and weight gain began. I can&#039;t eat anything without feeling bloated/sick. I wake up in the middle of the night with menstrual cramps all throughout the month. I have put on 30 lbs in 2 months. I am an active person and a work 40 hrs a week. I eat a raw vegan diet, and I practice yoga daily. This amount of weight gain doesn&#039;t add up. The one positive about Sprintec is it prevents pregnancy, but I hate this roller coaster ride"
"Last year I had my thyroid removed and in less than a year I went from 130 to 155. I was devastated with the rapid weight gain. 21 days ago I started on Belviq and I&#039;m proud to say, I&#039;m down to 142 lbs. I still have 17 lbs to go to be at my goal weight.  This year, I am celebrating a milestone birthday and I really don&#039;t want to feel overweight. Thanks to Belviq, I think I will meet my goal by 6 months. I no longer have food cravings, or hunger pains. I experienced slight headaches at first and dry mouth, and sleepiness, but it&#039;s gone now. I also get cold easily.  I eat 3 light meals a day and I exercise 3 to 4 times a week."
"I got my Kyleena inserted last week after a couple years of being miserable on different BC pills. (My OBGYN said that the side effects of the pills were probably because the hormones were passing through my digestive system, so an IUD would be better). Insertion was a little painful, more uncomfortable than anything, and only took about 2 minutes. (I never had much cramping during my periods and I took 800mg of ibuprofen before insertion) I spotted for a couple hours after insertion, but it&#039;s been a week and I&#039;ve seen no signs of blood. I experienced moderate pain on just the right side of my body for a few days, but a quick check from my doctor assured me that the IUD was in the right place. So far I&#039;m really happy with my IUD!"
"I&#039;ve had HSV1 since birth. My whole life suffering from terrible outbreaks. My entire mouth, tounge and cheeks covered it giant cold sores. I would get about 3 single outbreaks a year and every 2 years or so have an out break of at least 5 cold sores at once. High school was hell, I was always trying to make up excuses like &quot; an allergic reaction&quot; or &quot;I fell down&quot; to avoid the accusations of &quot;girl with herpes&quot; finally when I was 18, it was a week before Halloween, and of course giant outbreak!! Finally I went to the doctor and she told me about Valtrex, I had seen it on TV and thought &quot;I don&#039;t have genital herpes&quot; and was almost embarrassed to be prescribed it, I took the Drs advice and literally within a couple days it was gone. It works!!"
"Excellent medicine."
"DO NOT EVER TAKE THIS DRUG. long story short, it can cause mania, depersonalization, mood swings, uncontrollable anger, suicidal thoughts and actions, and it can make your depression and anxiety 10 times worse. It also causes permanent damage to the brain by literally stooping your brains ability to produce serotonin by itself. This is one of the oldest SSRI&#039;s on the market, and its short half-life make withdrawals the worst thing ever. The withdrawals are similar to heroin withdrawals and last 3-6 months. If you want to seriously fu** up your life and your brain, take this drug."
"This is super fast but it dries your skin out sometimes so I add vaseline, but it works very well. I&#039;ve tried everything else besides lasers or pills. Me and my mom use it. I&#039;m 23 male with moderate cystic acne."
"So I got the paragard inserted july 2013 after the birth of my first child. The insertion was painful but nothing i couldn&#039;t handle. For the first 6 months everything was fine, then i started to get terrible cramps that were almost dibilitating. I also notice my period lasting longer, heavier and becoming more frequent. I waited almost a year to see if this would change. This past april, I bled every day of the month minus maybe 7 days. So my doctor recommended me try mirena to regulate my period. I just got the mirena last week, keeping my fingers crossed."
"I am 38 years old with two kids ages 9 and 11.  I had my Mirena placed one week ago and so far have had no side effects at all.  I had been taking Seasonale birth control pills without a break after the third month and not having a period for the past 4 years.  I am in the military and deploying without having to worry about taking along 6 months worth of birth control and menstruation products is a HUGE relief.  I had some cramping after the insertion but took two OTC pain relievers and haven&#039;t felt anything since.  I&#039;ve run miles with it in, I&#039;ve done push-ups and sit-ups and not felt a thing.  For me this has been a completely great experience and my husband hasn&#039;t noticed any difference when we have intercourse."
"This products does not help me at all .Do not buy it waste of money it just makes you tired"
"Doesn&#039;t help my back pain."
"I recently switched from Ortho Tricyclen Lo because I had spotting, so I&#039;m switching to a pill with more progesterone because that&#039;s what the nice doctor lady said I should do. But! While on this pill I could definitely tell I broke out instantly and had crazy mood swings during the third week but it was do-able. I don&#039;t think I like phasic pills. But other than that no weight gain, no loss of sex drive, and still the same periods (which have always been bad)."
"I took Plan B One Step 7 Days ago (Sunday). I was days before ovulation and fertile at the time so I took the pill the following day (Monday).  I had no side effects. However, recently (Friday) I was extremely dizzy and had a massive headache for about 2hrs. So I ate, relaxed and laid back for a minute and it was gone. So side effects can come days later. But hopefully like mine they are short lived. I still haven&#039;t gotten my period but it isn&#039;t due for a couple weeks."
"I started Accutane when I was 14. My skin looked  really bad. I had pimples on my face approaching the size of dimes. The acne went over my shoulders, down the front of my chest and down to the bottom of my back. 

I tried all the creams and fancy products and nothing worked. My doctor finally put me on a round of Accutane. The first dose I was on for a couple of months didn&#039;t do much, so the doctor doubled it. Within six months, my acne was almost all gone and I stopped treatment. Within 18 months I had zero acne and zero scarring - my skin was utterly flawless and still is. I am now basically cured of acne - less than half a dozen pimples in ten years. Miracle."
"I have been using this medication for about 3 weeks and has been nothing but no stop bleed from the time my period came which normally last for 5 days and now I am on the 14th day of my period and heavy bleeding. I am really considering just stopping the pills altogether to see if my period will go away and also feel low sex drive and irritable."
"I&#039;ve had some BAD experiences with public speaking and this drug has been a life saver. I have been to 3 therapists to attempt to manage it the &quot;natural&quot; way including CBT and even a public speaking specialist with little success. Like many others have commented, people I know are often in disbelief that I struggle with presentations. I take a low 10-15mg dose an hour before a stressful event and my nerves/physical symptoms are under control. Not worrying about having a panic attack gives me the confidence I need to focus on the material rather than my nerves and breathing. Since this does not help manage accompanying anxiety, occasionally I will take .25mg Klonopin or natural Bach&#039;s rescue before and I feel relaxed and in control!"
"I went on this for acne, and it worked the first go around, I stopped for like 6-9 months and then went back on it, and now my face is completely dried out everyday, I&#039;m bloated, finding myself completely emotional about things I would never find upsetting, depressed and now I&#039;m bleeding at random times and does not regulate my period. A big no from me."
"My numbers improved a little bit but I felt horrible the whole time taking it plus I had severe side effects such as pancreatitis."
"I&#039;m 35 and have had a problem with sweating since high school.  Shortly after high school I started taking birth control pills, and the problem stopped.  I stopped taking the pill last year and within a few months I noticed my sweating was starting again.  I don&#039;t know if it was because of the birth control pills or not.  I was embarrassed to bring it up to my doctor, but I finally did.  I couldn&#039;t lift up my arms at all at work because of the sweat marks. You take Hypercare for a few days at first and I was so excited that I stopped sweating.  I could finally wear thin colored shirts and not have sweat marks anymore. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is the itching, intense at times at night when I have it on. Once or twice I&#039;ve had to wash it off. But 100% worth it."
"I started taking these pills on December 2013. A month has passed and I have bad migraines that last from morning til night. I stopped taking the pills for two days and those awful headaches stopped. I did enjoy the light periods and they were short..but I&#039;m considering changing to a different pill because the migraines are terrible for me."
"I never had a problem with excessive underarm sweating until my second year of college. Then, overnight, my sweat glands went into overdrive. My dermatologist prescribed me Drysol and while it worked a little at first, I found it worked MUCH better once I started applying it with a Swisper cotton pad (as opposed to the toiled paper I had been using). Once I used the cotton pad, my underarms became red and irritated (It kept me awake at night) but the sweating stopped. Now my underarms are completely fine. I apply a little each night to be on the safe side, but I simply don&#039;t sweat. I can wear whatever I want without thinking about sweating through the material. For me, Drysol has been a Godsend."
"I have to say after all the other medicines I&#039;ve tried I&#039;m not sure why this was the last resort. This was the only medicine that worked for my cystic acne caused by my PCOS. I&#039;ve tried birth control antibiotics topical treatments you name it. Nothing beside this has really worked for me I a on 100 mg once a day and this has been my savior. Although i found it took a good month to see oil reduction. Only con was irregular periods but after 5 months it straightened out."
"I had been on morphine sulphate called mscontin for 12 years along with fentynal patch. MS is slow release as is patch. I decided to end this nightmare of Addiction and clean out. 3 months ago I tapered off the patch with no symptoms probably because of the MST I&#039;m three days into detox after reducing dosage from 60 mg a day to 10 mg. Dr gave me clonidine 0.1 and lorazepam 1 mg. Both make me sleepy but I can&#039;t sleep more then 1 hr. Anxiety is always there and stomach upset, diarrhea and leg cramps. I wish I could say clonidine kept withdrawals away like others stated but that&#039;s not the case. I&#039;m hanging in hoping tomorrow is better."
"Took this a little after 48 hours of unprotected sex and felt absolutely no side effects, maybe a stomach ache but I took it at night so I didn&#039;t notice any sleepiness or dizziness. I&#039;d recommend it over pregnancy any day."
"I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks.  I am on day seven and haven&#039;t noticed any improvements, my anxiety  was increased and I am experiencing some dizziness.  However I am going to let the pill take it&#039;s course even though it&#039;s been hard to continue on it.   My dad took the pill and had success with it so I&#039;m hoping that&#039;s the case for me!  Most of all just think positive that it will work! You will get through this! :)"
"This medication has had the adverse affect for me. After being diagnosed with Hashimoto&#039;s, my doctor expected that this medication would help me with brain fog, energy and tiredness. I experienced the opposite. Within a few days of taking the 60 mg dosage I felt worse. I began sleeping extremely heavy, had a huge amount of trouble waking in the morning, and could barely keep my eyes open past 8:30pm each night. I gained five pounds in two months even though I had improved my eating habits and exercise. I began getting these dull headaches on the top of my head. I became extremely irritable with everything which is not my normal disposition. Dr told me to stop taking immediately and is prescribing Nature-throid. Will see how that goes."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for about a year &amp; a 1/2 now. I&#039;ve never had kids and could never remember to take the pill everyday. First of all, when I went for the procedure, that I was told wouldn&#039;t take long and wouldn&#039;t be painful, was actually the worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced! I PASSED OUT from the pain when she inserted it. Not to mention the cramps I&#039;ve had continuously every month since having it inserted. I had to see a new Dr due to our hospital closing &amp; I told her I wanted it removed. She did the ultrasound and convinced me to keep it. I&#039;ve been considering to have it removed &amp; take the pill. I&#039;m just now losing the weight I had put on, &amp; taking pills is nothing new for me now. I&#039;m tired of the cramps!"
"I recently started taking this birth control and after looking at the reviews I was very skeptical but I sure have learned that every body is different and will have a different acceptance to anything new. I have no complains with this, so far. I wanted to write a review, even though I have not been on it too long as sometimes one gets concerned on how it will make you feel in the beginning. Well, I have not felt mood swings, cramping or overly emotional at all. I have also not experienced any weight gain so far. I started taking this on the first day of my menstrual cycle to increase its effectiveness."
"I am in my early 50s.  The &quot;docs&quot; gave me this med initially for &quot;stress&quot;.  I was referred to a &quot;psychiatrist&quot; right after &amp; I complied.  The &quot;Psychiatrist&quot; announced I had &quot;full blown clinic depression&quot; even though all I felt was stress.  I took the medication as prescribed (25mg), &amp; had to endure 1 week of agony, but figured it was part of &quot;the drug&quot;.  I had muscle twitches, sweating, hot/cold sensation was thrown off, Blood pressure would shoot up &amp; drop low, NO SLEEP at all for 1 week, before the &quot;medication&quot; took hold.  Getting off the crap was just as bad if not worse.  As a result of this med, I have become well acquainted with the local Sheriffs Dept, who showed up twice to &quot;Baker Act&quot; me For the side-affect - suicidal thoughts."
"Flolan is great as a cure alone, I felt the best while taking Flolan. Although sometimes the cure is worse than the disease. Flolan comes with a lot of problems. It is tedious and cumbersome, it is given intravenously over 24 hours and that in itself is a major disadvantage. It requires a pump that feeds the medicine all day all night. The pouches that contain the medicine must be replaced every night and a spare must be carried on the patient at all times. They must be kept on ice to retain the effectiveness of the medicine. Flolan also has a short shelf life requiring that every night you switch pouches you must mix the solution for another pouch by hand. "
"This birth control had given me side effects from the start, moodiness, weight gain( ten pounds), headaches, nausea, it did clear my skin which is what I went on it for however 8 months into taking it I was admitted into the hospital with bi lateral blood clots in my lungs. I understand this may just be specific to my case but just because it is a lo estrogen birthcontrol does not mean clots can not happen. Please be aware and if risk of clotting runs in your family or you are at all concerned please talk with your doctor before you take this pill."
"-The Mirena IUD insertion was about an 8/10 on pain scale. After I left the procedure, I had zero pain that night and wasn&#039;t limited in any way. In the weeks following I had minor cramping. I had my period for about two straight months following insertion. 
-I had my mirena inserted in March, and it is now mid-July. I get my period at least once month, sometimes with heavy cramping on day 1.  
-My biggest word of caution is regarding weight gain. Post insertion I&#039;ve had a lot of issues maintaining my weight and I am truly consistent with what I eat. I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds w/o changing my diet. It is VERY hard to the lose weight. I&#039;m now 3 mo.  Post insertion and my weight has suddenly levelled back out, with no changes to my diet. Super weird."
"I just got the Mirena and I love it already. I experienced a tiny pinch during insertion. not too painful at all, and no cramping like my dr. said I would experience. Just a little bleeding the first day and none since then. Medicaid covered the cost, and now I don&#039;t have to worry about contraception and I love it"
"I have taken this pill for 4 years now, and I have loved it. My PMS has decreased significantly and my period cramps suppressed. Before the pill, those were the symptoms that affected me greatly. While on this pill my breasts are tender right before my period comes, which lasts about 3-4 days and it didn&#039;t do much to my weight. I gained a little weight, (which i wanted) but i believe that just came with age. (I&#039;m 23 now). Oh and lastly, my acne cleared up! I suffered from acne since middle school, and it looks as if i never had a bump on my face. Lol. Well, I give this pill an A+ rating, and I&#039;m sure you will too, &amp; love it as much as I do."
"I started developing an outbreak of rashes all over my body about two years ago. Since then my GP has prescribed the usual antihistamine cetirizine and hydroxyzine.  I noticed my rashes didn&#039;t subside totally after I took them both, but when I was prescribed Xyzal, I noticed it lowered the inflammation of my skin and the itchiness level was greatly reduced too. Since then I have been taking Xyzal together with Atarax and I find it to be quite effective as a combination. I have been taking Xyzal on a daily basis ever since.  

My rashes come back sometimes, but I have no choice since there are no newer antihistamine other then Xyzal.  My doctor has never prescribed me Allegra."
"The first time I tried this my tumor shrunk by half in 3 months.  I had to stop due to the extreme side effects.  Just restarted at a lower dose and there are still some wicked side effects.  However with the results I&#039;ve had I&#039;ll tough it out and keep hoping for the best."
"Have been taking Pristiq for just on a month -- relief from anxiety and depression after 3 days and able to concentrate and focus again to full capacity -- no side effects and sleeping well. I was on Efexor on and off for 10 years, with not a lot of relief from anxiety symptoms.  Have lost some weight as well, and am starting to feel very positive."
"I have been takining Wellbutrin for a month and only seen a slight improvement.  I see the md in the am and going to ask for an increase in dosage.   Currently I take 75mg once a day.  I am sensitive to medications and the md wanted to start low and go slow.  Hopefully with the increase it will help out.  I rated it 7 because the only side effect that I experienced was a headache"
"I&#039;ve been using this gel for probably about 2 or 3 years now. I started getting acne in around 6th grade where as I didn&#039;t start my period until 9th grade. I&#039;ve never had SEVERE acne, there&#039;s just always been at least a couple zits on my face for as long as I can remember. I had no significant peeling or dryness when I started using differin, and I also had no immediate results. Slowly over time, however, my acne is becoming less severe and less often. Maybe it&#039;s because of the differin, maybe it&#039;s because I&#039;m growing out of it. I did stop using it last summer as a test and my skin got worse and worse for the entire month I stopped using it and it took a solid 3-4 months after I started using it again for my skin to return back to normal."
"I took the lowest dose of lisinopril available for 3 yrs before developing the dreaded cough. My Dr switched me to losartan 4 mos ago, again the lowest dose. After one month I started having intense leg cramps. When the bad cramps began affecting my rib cage if I just turned awkwardly, and the horrendous leg cramps kept me from sleeping, I quit taking the losartan (9 days ago). Within 48 hrs all these symptoms completely disappeared. I googled &amp; found others had had the same problem. I&#039;m 55 and felt worse than my 81 yr old dad. Now I feel 55 again! I&#039;ll see my Dr next week but I&#039;m worried about any BP med now."
"Started the medication a month ago. Was nervous in the beginning but appear not to be a a big deal at all. Taking it first thing in the morning, no noticeable side effects. Overall feeling great and able to enjoy my active sport live."
"I got the implant in on June 8th of this year, and my experience so far has been fantastic! Getting the implant was a little nerve racking, but it wasn&#039;t as bad as i thought. It hurt a little bit but nothing intolerable. It was quite sore for the next few days or week. I had a fairly large bruise, but it wasn&#039;t that bad. I got the implant put in on the last day of my period and I haven&#039;t gotten it since nor have I gotten any cramps. No spotting or anything. I couldn&#039;t tell you if I had gained weight from it, since not to long after I had surgery which caused me to gain some weight. Not getting my period has worried me a bit, but i&#039;m taking it as a good thing and rolling with it. I would recommend this to anyone willing to give it a shot!"
"I have tried both the injection and tablet and it&#039;s has worked wonders. I have suffered with migraines since I was middle school (now 31 yrs old) and this is the first medicine that has given me any relief. The side effects only last for about 10 minutes so it&#039;s no problem. The only issue I have is after about 4 or 5 hours the migraine seem to start up right. Either way any relief is better than suffering through a migraine."
"Let me just start with the fact that if I am going to buy or use anything under the sun, it is more than likely that I have read every review ever written on the item before buying/using it, etc. Before going on the pill, I read reviews for at least 100 different brands/versions of the combo pill and mini-pill before narrowing it down to three options (all combo pills). I talked each option over with my OBGYN and we settled on Tri-Sprintec for a few reasons. A. Triphasic (mirrors natural hormone levels better) B. Estrogen/androgen/progestin ingredients/levels help with acne and C. First two weeks of pills are low dose. Pros: no mood swings, no weight gain except in boobs Cons: medium cramps, slight breakthrough bleeding. Overall: Love it!"
"It works for pain."
"I&#039;ve taken Cataflam for over 10 years now. I make it a point to take it on the first day of my period and I never feel any cramps or pains. I do have a pretty bad dysmenorrhea. Cataflam&#039;s great and makes my period so bearable."
"I was prescribed Zoloft 25mg a day for Depression and Anxiety/panic attacks. I was also having severe insomnia at the time and really bad anger problems. 
From the first day I took Zoloft, my anger almost completely went away. I wasn&#039;t upset by things that normally annoyed me anymore. Another plus I noticed almost immediately was the lift in mood. I had great success raising my mood and lifting depression in the first few weeks of this drug. 
However I stopped taking Zoloft after 4 weeks because the negatives were far outweighing the positives. 
My insomnia and panic attacks got WAY worse, it was horrifying. I went to the ER because I had the worse panic of my life and thought I was dying. Sleep was impossible. Now I&#039;m trying Remeron."
"I&#039;ve been on and off different birth control methods for years (since high school) I am now 27 and this is by far the best contraceptive I&#039;ve used. 
Not to reiterate what others have said, but the pain for the first few weeks was rough. But nothing an Advil or Tylenol couldn&#039;t take care of. I think of it most like an the level of discomfort you feel after any outpatient procedure. 
I was spotty for about 5 weeks after I first got it inserted. After that I had normal periods. Some of the greatest benefits to me were 
1. NOT GAINING WEIGHT!  (I actually lost weight, my boobs got bigger, and my body just looked more womanly- including my butt!) 
2. No real side effects but a little cramping discomfort every now and again."
"In 1995, I was miserable for no particular reason and was diagnosed with depression and prescribed Prozac.  Great life, depression in check.  In 2013, I weened myself off it because I  didn&#039;t think I needed it anymore.  As luck would have it,  I hit a period of  challenging events in life that they brain  interpreted as trauma.  To cope, I began drinking a little which evolved into daily. I concluded that I had gone off Prozac, decreased self control and created a personal crisis.  I&#039;m back on Prozac and my moods have leveled off and I so far have the ability to abstain.  I won&#039;t go off it again."
"I was one of the firsts to try this new medication at my psychiatrists office. I found it to have controlled my emotions. I wasn&#039;t crying for any little thing anymore. I noticed my appetite increased, I felt more lethargic and I had sleep disturbances. I chose to discontinue use. It&#039;s been 4 days since I abruptly had to stop due to other reasons. I&#039;m still experiencing insomnia."
"On 180mg slow release Verapamil for idiopathic left ventricular fascicular tachycardia.  No episodes for 18 months.  Side effects - the occasional feeling of &quot;heart pounding&quot; during physical work and a little constipation.  So far very effective for my unusual heart condition."
"Took it for about a year for migraines after trying several different other treatments. Stopped migraines and tapered off the drug and no more headaches, that was over ten years ago and still don&#039;t have migraines."
"I have been taking Belviq for 1 month, but I&#039;m going to stop because the side effects are too much.  The first week I experienced extreme dizziness, fatigue and muscle soreness.  I powered through and the dizziness finally went away.  However, the extreme fatigue and muscle soreness was too much.  I tried only one pill a day, but it didn&#039;t help the side effects.  I stopped taking Belviq three days ago and the muscle soreness is completely gone and the fatigue is better.  I was so tired I couldn&#039;t even work a full day and didn&#039;t have the energy to hardly walk.  However, it was effective at weight loss.  I lost 4% of my body weight the first month."
"I was about to give up on this med because of the awful nausea it caused but for the past three days I have been swollowing it down with ginger ale and the nausea has miraculously disapeared."
"If I could rate this medication 0 I would. I was in the hospital due to a severe migraine while pregnant.  They gave me reglan IV and i swear to god it produced the worst dysphoria imaginable. I felt like I wanted to rip my IV out and leave the hospital. I called my fiance up histerically crying begging him to leave work and come pick me up. It gave me a panic attack so severe I still get anxious just thinking about the experience.  Reglan should be banned in my opinion.  Ive never experienced anything like that in my life. Oh and almost forgot, it made me twitch for about 3 days after having it."
"It works in subtle ways. It was supposed to help with RA pain but it has actually helped my outlook on my daily life as well. I feel hope and have extra energy. This relief of pain has helped me be able to draw better boundaries around situations I was allowing to happen in my life. The side effects are mild. I also like that I am not gaining weight. Subtle changes, but works great and in ways I did not expect. It has not taken away my RA pain, but has muted it a bit."
"I have chronic knee and ankle pain. I&#039;ve tried Norco, Dilaudid and Oxy&#039;s. None work as well as Methadone 10mg&#039;s ,3 times daily. I&#039;m very impressed that it works so well."
"I&#039;ve been on the depo for about 7 years (I&#039;m 25) . It&#039;s the only contraceptive that I could use, because I have a gene in my blood stream that makes me twice as likely to get blood clots then any other person without it. I had no issues what so ever being on it I never spotted, I never gained weight. I had an overall good experience being on it. Now, I&#039;ve been off of it since May 2015. I started spotting in August - a sign that my body is going back to normal ish. My withdrawal symptoms are starting to suck. Over the last three days I&#039;ve had nothing but severe cramping, that I can&#039;t function with. Today (being the third day) I&#039;m finally experiencing a normal period. Which, the pain yeah it sucks, but its a sign my body&#039;s trying to go back to normal"
"I have bipolar, obsessive compulsive disorder, severe anxiety, panic attacks and I cannot shut my mind off without Seroquel. I take 800mg at bedtime and cannot sleep without it."
"SCARIEST ANTI-DEPPRESANT I&#039;VE EVER TRIED!  Put me into the stratosphere of anxiety/depression-became suicidal-anything-or nothing is better than this!"
"I started taking Phentermine in March of 2016. As of my doctors visit on 05/16/16, I have lost a total 23 lbs. My starting weight was 289 and I&#039;m currently 268lbs. The medicine does cause dry mouth, but after taking it for sometime it doesn&#039;t seem to bother me. I gained most of my weight after having my daughter who is now 4 years old. I decided to change my eating habits before taking the Phentermine. It has become a lot easier that way. My goal weight is 185. I will keep everyone posted as I continue this weight loss journey."
"EXTREME HEADACHES!! 
Lupron - I started the medication 5 days ago and starting on day 3 I began getting really bad headaches and it doesn&#039;t seem to ever go away. I cannot take Advil so I&#039;m not sure if that would help. I tried taking a nap but I wake up and it&#039;s still there. Never had this problem before so I&#039;m certain it&#039;s the Lupron. Other than that I have no other complaints."
"Been taking Janumet for 11 months and my sugar level went from over 330 to 110 to 150..."
"Didn&#039;t read any reviews before buying this product. Without thinking and wanting quick relief I decided to buy the 1 day treatment. Now I feel like I am on FIRE!!"
"I&#039;ve been on lexapro for months now but recently i have been experiencing bad nausea at night only. Im thinking about switching if it doesn&#039;t stop (night 3)"
"I&#039;m 68 and have been using Levitra 20 mg for several years. It works great for me and wife with little side effects.
I purchase this medication from Global Pharmacy in Canada. The quality and effectiveness are the same as U.S. prescriptions. The cost is about $3.62 when paying by check and takes 2 weeks to receive your order in the mail.
Hope this helps with the cost."
"I was on lo loestrin fe then had to get off for a month because of health insurance mishap.  I got on Sprintec because it is so much cheaper and it is SO much better!  I have a history with depression and this has not caused any problem at all.  In fact I&#039;ve not even had a headache or any stomach pain.  I highly recommend this."
"This is my 2nd bout of depression. I am in early 60&#039;s and had my first bout about 10 years ago. Paxil has been the most effective anti-depressant for me. Major live with side effect is sexual - great erections but hard to ejaculate. Otherwise Paxil does excellent job of controlling my depression. Each episode for me last about 6 months of treatment. Don&#039;t forget to taper off according to doctors advice."
"I have Lupus and Sciatica and have tried every pain medicine that is available. Methadone has changed my life. I am able to do way more than lay in the bed all day in pain. I am not pain free, but it is tolerable for once and that is a huge blessing!"
"Ive Had The Implant For Two Years Now I Get It Removed In January 2016. My Experience Has Been Pretty Normal I Mean I Have A Period Every Month Some 3-4 Months Apart I Have Cramping Still No Self Esteem Problems No BABY&#039;S So It Does Protect Overall I Like It And Ill Get It Again"
"Was on Viibryd 40mg and didn&#039;t see a positive change until 8 weeks into it. I got depressed/anxious after one month and they increased the dose to 60mg. I got depressed/anxious again after about another month. Just doesn&#039;t work. Never truly felt back to normal or that sense of well being.  WAY too expensive.  One positive thing is that it didn&#039;t make me feel sleepy compared to all the others (Lexapro, Celexa, Prozac)."
"Everyone complaining about headaches and worse pain need to toughen up and wait two weeks before giving up on Hysingla. The headaches and increased pain I think are from Norco &quot;withdrawal&quot;. Your brain just needs a week to adapt to the new dosing.
   Those complaining about it taking a long time to start working or not being consistent are of course correct. No XR meds are perfect but they prevent turmoil caused by peaks and valleys of IR meds...and that is worth it long-term.
   Give Hysingla a chance. The worst thing about my experience is that during titration the doctors are following guidelines to &quot;round down&quot; from their Norco dose. That&#039;s backwards, the does should be higher with any XR."
"Keppra seemed to stop my seizures for my mild epilepsy however the side effects were so bad that I stopped taking it after 3 weeks. The worst side effect was suicidal depression. Prior to taking Keppra I did not suffer depression. I&#039;m back on Epilim now."
"Oracea has some side effects that you have to work through and you have to be careful about what you use and eat with it because of its reations, but, honestly it is worth whatever effort you put into it. It cleared all my redness in 3 days. I was told not to expect it to work like this for (at most) 6 months but it cleared up amazingly. 
It might not work so incredibly for you, but if you have mild to moderate rosacea I expect that it will."
"I have been taking this pill since Fall 2012, no pregnancies, no side effects, no periods, well sometimes irregular  (that I kind of worry about sometimes, but I was really irregular before the pill so..) My BF and I have also been using the pull out method all of this time to no pregnancies at all..."
"I started taking risperidone when I was 15. It does take away the delusions and mood swings, but it leaves me with anxiety and dulls me out to the point where I don&#039;t feel like really socializing at all. I&#039;ve tried other medicines like Zyprexa and Geodon and they either do the same thing or have another bad effect on me. I&#039;m 20 now and still haven&#039;t really found a medicine that works. I think whatever they put in antipsychotics just doesn&#039;t agree with me."
"I promised to myself if it works I would  write a review..whoever is panicking don&#039;t worry.this works especially if u took b4 ovulation your period would come earlier. My period came a week earlier and it was very slight. I thgt..its pregnancy period but thank God the next month I got period exactly. I was so panicked. Don&#039;t worry your period might come earlier or later"
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for about 6 months now and my face and weight are normal. I was on Lo Loestrin before this, and it messed up my mood so much, made me breakout, gain weight, all the worst possible things.
The only thing with Sprintec, I never had cramps before birth control but now I have cramps. Also the period is super heavy but only lasts 4-5 days, so its a trade-off and at least its regular (I started birth control because my period wouldn&#039;t stop)."
"I was impressed.  After initial use I could really tell a difference, this is good."
"I have been on Xarelto for 8 months after a PE experience due to thrombin 3 deficiency.  My only issue is heavier that normal bruising - I am very active."
"I&#039;ve suffered w. stage fright (panic attacks) while public speaking for 15 years.  I finally got an rx for propranolol from my pcp and tried it before a recent presentation.  What a GOD SEND. I took 20 mg 1.5 hours prior to my presentation and although I did have some angst and chest tightness prior, once I started speaking the normal heart pounding out of my chest sensation/shortness of breath occasionally spiralling into a full blown panic attack just did not happen. I felt normal and that I could speak for hours. I feel I have my life back now and am excited for what this new confidence will do to my career.  I did not notice any side effects. I made sure to drink plenty of water and eat to avoid low blood pressure."
"I had the mirena placed this morning at 11 am. The placement was not the most comfortable, but it also wasn&#039;t the most painful thing I have endured. Very bearable. I am 20 years old and I have never had children or been pregnant. Took a good amount of pain medicine this morning on top of cytotec the night before, by mouth. Besides a few mild cramps (not even as painful as the ones I have on my period) and a very mild headache, I have not experienced any pain or side effects so far. Of course it is only day 1, but things are looking pretty good! :)"
"I have been on it 8-9 weeks? Only side effect I have had outside the last two days is loss of appetite which is wonderful for a binge eater like myself. You not only get full sooner, you almost feel sick. I don&#039;t mind, reminds me I need to keep myself in check.

Until the last two days, I have not had the nausea and vomiting others seem to have. I don&#039;t know why it decided to start. Vomited two days in a row now. Hope it doesn&#039;t continue, I otherwise love it."
"I love this medicine. It works in the first 24 hours!"
"I seem to not be able to focus as well on this as I did on my 20mg adderral but at the same time it didn&#039;t last very long, not even close to all day, but its only been 6 weeks so I&#039;m hopeful this will work out!"
"After years of suffering motion sickness, I finally tried Bonine.  I&#039;ve been taking it for about 2 years now for car rides longer than an hour and plane rides.  For me, it only works if I take it at least an hour before travel.  If I take it when I&#039;m already sick, it only works about 50% for me.  This wonderful medicine has allowed me to travel.  Before, I used to dread going any distance.  I do get a little bit drowsy, but not to the point where I cannot function.  I can still work, sight see, etc.  I sleep wonderfully when I&#039;m on it!"
"It definitely did its job-BUT IT IS NASTY. I had to stop after 3 glasses because I kept throwing it up, but I had to just deal with it and finish it. It tasted like a cross between a bad Krispy Kreme doughnut and salt water. Do not worry though, your bowels will be cleansed!"
"I have been on Zoloft for 5 years and it was horrible for first 4 months!  Then it began to work.  But after 5 years and had recently upped to highest dose, it stopped working.  So after discussion with psychiatrist, decided to try Lexapro.  I was weaning slowly off the Zoloft and was doing good then boom!  Horrible brain zaps, unorganized thinking, it was terrible!  Psych told me to start with a quarter of  a 10mg tab, as I continued to wean of the Zoloft.  The very next day was great...no more brain zaps, mood stabilized because the side effects from weaning off Zoloft were gone!  I&#039;m now on the full 10mg Lexapro and down to about 10mg of Zoloft.  Lexapro is great so far. I am well pleased.  I also take 1mg Klonipin twice daily."
"A horrible experience!
I am 38, was on OrthoCyclen for 10+ Yrs, have 2 kids. The family planning clinic urged me to get an IUD &amp; I was excited to try it.

INSERTION: excruciating, WAY worse than childbirth! I have a high pain tolerance, but even w/15mg Oxy+Tramadol 100mg, I almost fainted, begging her to stop. I&#039;m small, 5&#039;7&quot;, 114 lbs, tiny pelvis w/tilted cervix, maybe this made it worse.

SIDE EFFECTS: awful :(
-painful gums (hormones affect dental health)
-severe headaches daily
-peri-oral dermatitis (Face rash)
-too much severe pain all day every day to even think about sex
-WORST is constant cramps referring pain down my leg
-blood/spotting 

It&#039;s been a month of TORTURE, can&#039;t wait to get it out! Please do research &amp; be prepared:("
"My experience with Abilify was destructive. I am 25 now, and have had MDD since age 10. 4 Years ago I took Abilify for about 3-4months. During that time I experienced paranoia, delusions, worsened depression, and extreme weight gain. I&#039;d never had paranoia or delusions before and it brought my normal baseline from a 5/10 to a 1/10.  That still hasn&#039;t changed. I also experienced an extreme compulsive desire to eat (did not go away after I stopped the med) as well as total thyroid shutdown (atrophy) as can be affirmed by my endocrinologist. In about 4 months I gained 80 lbs (more than 60% of my original body weight). I will be on multiple medications the rest of my life to treat damage from Abilify."
"Jublia is very expensive and it leaks from bottle so fast in 3 weeks is like &quot;gone with the wind&quot;. In Europe the cost for 1 bottle is $7.00  -   in Canada we pay $89.00   and here  $77.00
Applicator from Europe is very well designed but the design in  Canadian applicator is no good, because how is made liquid leak too fast.  In Canada Jublia 6ml last 3 weeks, the same dosage from Europe I&#039;am using for 6 weeks and is not yet finish.  Canadian company charging is charging too much."
"I started Qsymia on Saturday, April 25th. I felt fine the first couple days but the last two days I&#039;ve got a weird feeling in my head and I feel a bit full, like I&#039;ve eaten too much but I haven&#039;t, leg cramps, slight tingling in my feet and itching in my hands (none of which are pleasant). It doesn&#039;t make me not want eat entirely but it definitely helps me make better choices. I&#039;ve had a touch of insomnia and some weird dreams and the weird feeling in my head kind of makes me want to give up but I hopped on the scale before I started typing this and I&#039;ve also lost 4 lbs so far (I&#039;m 41 years old, 5&#039;4&quot; and started at 206) I&#039;m going to call my doc tomorrow to be on the safe side. It appears to work but I&#039;m not sure I can continue on like this."
"After having a serious reaction to the estradiol patch, I switched to Evamist. As the literature states, it may take a few weeks to feel better. I have been on it one month now and feel much better than I did on the patch. I generally get only one hot flash per  day and I can live with that. I had terrible heart palpitations on the patch. They have completely disappeared and I feel human again. To the previous poster that gave a 1 rating, you may have to give it more time. I know when you feel crummy, a few weeks can feel like a lifetime, but using something one week is not enough. See if you can stick with it for a few weeks. My OB told me that you really can&#039;t judge how it is working until you have been on it one month. I use three sprays"
"20 year old college student. I&#039;ve had OCD since I was a kid (depression since junior year of high school) but only within the last year did I make the choice to take an SSRI. There&#039;s a lot of ambiguity surrounding antidepressants, and you can&#039;t really extract much from reviews without feeling reluctant. Yes, there are side effects that appear within the early stages. It is scary to ingest a drug you know little about. However, I can feel happy again, which I thought I had lost the ability to do. I don&#039;t believe everything is hopeless, which I, truthfully, thought I&#039;d feel the rest of my life. It&#039;s been a lifesaver, and at 100mg, nothing feels inherently different about myself. It&#039;s just a tablet. Don&#039;t let it be more than it ought to be."
"I think the use of putting perfume in the gel is really stupid. There are so many people allergic also someone like me with cancer and very sore and nauseated to spend money on this and it made me so sick I washed up 4 times and my hands and skin still smells strong. It gave me a headache and made my nausea worse. There is no need for perfume not to mention it&#039;s just an toxic unnecessary ingredient. I will never use this again and I will be sure to let everyone at clinic know."
"I have been taking this medicine for 6 years and am very happy with it.  It is the first medication that has helped me to feel what I would guess is normal.  I am able to enjoy things in my life that are good.  My anxiety is less and my paranoid obsessive thoughts are much more in control.  I feel like it gets my brain in the right place to where I can think clearly."
"I&#039;m 32 and have had 2 children.  I had this implant inserted at the end of March and I have gained 20 lbs despite increasing my exercise and decreasing my caloric intake.  It doesn&#039;t help that all the weight is in my belly - it looks like I&#039;m 4-5 months pregnant on any given day.  My OB insists that the Nexplanon shouldn&#039;t be the cause of my weight gain, but I&#039;ve changed nothing else during this time frame.  I&#039;ve also been breaking out a lot more often than I used to.  I realize that it&#039;s a very fail proof birth control, but I can&#039;t take this weight gain any longer.  I can&#039;t wait to get it removed!!"
"Wellbutrin seemed to make me angry and I lost my sex drive. After taking it for 3 weeks I started to itch all over. Needless to say I don&#039;t take it anymore."
"My 7.5 year old son has been taking 10mg Focalin for nearly a year.  Immediately it was a &quot;miracle&quot; for us.  He had good behavior marks in school, could finish his work and we were getting along better at home too.  About a month ago it seemed like maybe he had outgrown his dose, we upped it to 15mg.  Immediately again, great results.  But, we spent 4 hours in the ER tonight getting 2 EKGs &amp; xrays because of his chest pains and irregular heartbeat.  Final diagnosis: stop taking Focalin.  As much as I loved the behavior and focus improvements he had from the drug, I love him more and can&#039;t risk damaging his heart."
"I have been suffering from depression for 22 years. I am 41. Zoloft has helped me tremendously. I was always angry, tired, frustrated and had a hard time getting out of bed. With Zoloft I&#039;m more sociable, friendlier and appreciative of the things that seemed insignificant. Every story is different, try it for yourself."
"In Junior High all of a sudden my face just erupted in acne. You could tell people were staring. I hated looking in the mirror. It&#039;s remarkable how fast all the acne disappeared. This medication was a real life saver. My dad didn&#039;t have access to this medicine and from 12-25 he was absolutely covered in acne. So grateful I have this stuff 
Side effects to note: 
VERY dry lips 
Dry skin 
Back pain"
"Took this medication for a week. Ended up with excruciating back pain and a UTI. Had to take antibiotics and still got a kidney infection. Over 3 weeks of pain for nothing!"
"This is my 3rd month on Lutera. I took the pill to have better periods as well as for safer sex. Before the pill my periods were horrible to the point where I would almost faint. I would vomit and be out of commission due to terrible cramps. HOWEVER Lutera made all of that go away. My periods last exactly 7 days and they&#039;re easier to deal with. My flow ranges from heavy to light but that&#039;s okay. MY HAIR GAINED LUSTER AND LENGTH and my breasts filled out (no complaining!).

However, I recommend setting a cellphone alarm. I didn&#039;t at first and I was a bit emotional coming off and on the pill. But that&#039;s only natural. THE BEST STARTER PILL."
"Flexeril relaxes the muscles, which helps relax and calm down and take away a migraine. I take flexeril with fioricet to take mine away. I also have to take a phenergan at first, that&#039;s how I know a migraine is starting. These three medications together stops a migraine for me. I just lay down."
"I&#039;m ending day 3 of my 15 day trial. The first day I experienced a burning sensation in my neck and shoulders and felt weird,  like a buzzed feeling,  but that was gone by day 2. Day 1 I felt full all day,  day 2 and 3 I&#039;ve felt like my normal self eating and think of food the way I&#039;ve always done.  Hopefully it will get better.  Will update as I continue this journey."
"This product is strong. I mean STRONG. I only use it as a last resort when other, gentler remedies fail. I never need to take more than one pill, even though the box suggests up to 3. And I only take it if I expect to be near a bathroom for the entirety of the next day, because the laxative effect lasts about 24 hours. I make sure to drink plenty of water (or one of those sports/electrolyte drinks) to avoid dehydration. The only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is chills. Many of the pink &quot;women&#039;s laxatives&quot; contain the exact same active ingredient as Dulcolax, so if you&#039;re avoiding one, check the labels very carefully before you buy the other."
"I was put on this drug, erroneously I believe as I was only suffering a major depressive episode, in 1974. From that time until I went through menopause in 1997 (23 years) I had the side effect galactorrhea. I was never pregnant or post breastfeeding during that time and took no other medication with that side effect."
"Dont know nothing bout nothin---cept been taken this magic pill 15 years--changes my life--cardiologist says I am fine--but without crestor-cant breathe or get out of bed--lots chest pains--think your dying--crestor takes it all away--
 cardio specialist says no heart problems- highly recommend--everybody differt-best wishes for your good health"
"My doctor put me on this medicine for dysmenorrhea. I LOVE this birth control pill. I have NEVER had any bad side effects from it, no acne, no mood swings. I only have light bleeding/no bleeding and cramping when I do have my periods, which only last 2-4 days. But the best part, NO WEIGHT GAIN. I have actually lost 30lbs since I have been on it. I really love this pill and would not go to any other birth control pill."
"Took this as a cold medicine because I can&#039;t stop coughing. Was all fine and dandy and went out to dinner. Halfway there I had to stop because I felt gurgling in my stomach. Sure enough- diarrhea. I should have listened to the reviews- do NOT take this medicine."
"When I first started this I got so sick but I realized you have to eat before taking this, do not take on empty stomach! My acne did somewhat get better, I would definitely recommend this to underweight people it added a few pounds on me! No emotional problems, period lasts anywhere from 3-7 days, cramps aren&#039;t as bad, good sex drive!"
"I have been taking zoloft for about 2 months and it seems to be helping me with my temper and stress level.  I have lost about 10 lbs, which is great but I can&#039;t seem to be still. I&#039;m constantly moving my feet or legs. Very figidy."
"I was reading the reviews and could not believe people had so much trouble with oily leakage.  It clearly states that you cannot eat high fat foods.  If you think you can take Alli and continue eating all kinds of high fat and fried foods, then you will have the oily side effects that are CLEARLY stated in the accompanying literature.  Alli works great when taken with a low fat, healthy diet.  It helps remove about 1/3 of the fat from the food you eat.  I have taken it for a month now along with weight watchers.  I have lost 12 lbs. and only had one experience with an oily accident.  That was due to the fact that I went to a Mexican restaurant the night before and ate with abandon.  I knew better, but I did it anyway and took the Alli pill."
"I have been on Lamictal 400mg for 7 years.  I was diagnosed with bipolar 10 years ago this year and prior to Lamictal had been on many different drugs with negative results.  I was very discouraged, thinking life could never as it was prior to bipolar entering my life - but then started on Lamictal and along with Wellbutrin and have not had to change medicines since.  Occasionally, I do add Topamax to it during the winter months for low moods.  Other than that - life is good!"
"I had this for almost three years. 
The first time I got it, I couldn&#039;t even do a squat, it was so painful. I also had heavy, long periods. I had it removed after 8 months. 
I can&#039;t take estrogen, and the mini pill sucks. So I tried paragard again (this time for almosy 3 years). 
I bled all of the time. 
14 day periods. 5-7 days of ovulation bleeding.
I bled 20 days of the month. It was positioned correctly. Nothing was wrong with it. 
I didn&#039;t get pregnant because I could literally never have sex."
"This is the first drug I&#039;ve ever taken for depression and have been on it for three months now. I can tell a big difference in my emotions. I feel considerably happier now on a daily basis and haven&#039;t felt any signficant side effects. I think I got lucky on my first try with an anti-depressant and would definitely recommend it to others."
"I have used Tikosyn since Jan 09 and have had an ablation in late 08. Tikosyn has worked well without any problems. I tried many other drugs with not much success."
"My Dr. gave me 2 sample packets. Even my Pharmacist had not heard of Staxyn yet. After a couple of uses I found that the onset is rather quick, Duration appeared to be betwen 5-7 hours. Overall effectiveness compared to Levitra 20mg was a bit less effective. Overall satisfaction was about 70%."
"This medication did not work for me."
"I was one of the few people who could not take it. It attacked my body along with the cancer. Quit taking it after 2 months but it would not flush from my system. My skin was bad from dehydration as it did not allow my body to absorb moisture in my arms and legs. My skin looked like parchment with nothing under it but bone and a little flesh. Lost over 20 pounds in about a month. 
Finally my regular doctor put me in the hospital -as I found some men in Australia had to do. I was given I.V&#039;s for 5 days and am feeling much better. It is a good medicine but some people just cannot take it."
"I was having serial migraines and ALL other types of headaches for many years after a bad car accident. They got so bad I&#039;d start screaming from pain. In emergency room a wonderful doctor gave me stadol nasal spray. In less than ten minutes, my pain was under control, I had an appetite, could move around or rest as needed. The worst side effects were an awful aftertaste  and snacking. I refrained from driving, but the screaming headaches would have done that to me anyway. God bless the doc that took a chance that I wasn&#039;t just another addict.  Thanks to him I did not kill myself in despair; it gave me a chance to find a decent pain doc, get blocked nerves, botoxed tmj, dropped stadol, no addiction!!"
"Started taking this medicine about two months ago, after the Lamictal-induced sickness wore off. Up to 400mg now and I think I need a higher dosage as have been manic for a couple of weeks now. But it started to work straight away, and no side effects except for my third day of taking them when I started to get a little confused. Was okay the next day though!"
"This stuff does NOTHING for me whatsoever. Even after tripling the prescribed dose of 5 mg, I lie in bed staring at the ceiling, hour after hour. I wouldn&#039;t even rate it as a &quot;one&quot; except that I see no category for &quot;zero.&quot; Useless."
"I&#039;ve only had this implant in for three weeks but I already don&#039;t like it. For six years I have been on the depo shot. My OB said he wanted to try something different because of my weight gain so I was all for it. In these three weeks I have had unbearable migraines I&#039;ve had to call off of work or leave early several times, I haven&#039;t had a period in six years but I definitely got one this week and it has been a living hell. Plus I have been super aggressive and moody. Really thinking about getting it removed."
"My experience on this pill has been horrible. I feel depressed all the time, have had a loss of appetite, and feel like something is always wrong. I can&#039;t get a full night of sleep anymore because I stay up all night thinking. Pills effect people differently, this pill has had a completely negative effect on me."
"This medication gave me severe diarrhea and stomach pains.  I didn&#039;t get the diarrhea and stomach pains until the fourth day.  Today is my last day.  I have one pill to take. I have been taking two 500 mg pills a day.  And the taste is awful."
"I have used Vesicare 5mg for 14 days and it worked well this first week. Now I&#039;m back to wearing pads and I&#039;m experiencing cloudy urine with a hint of blood, blurred vision and a 5 lb weight gain. I&#039;ve stopped this medicine, obviously it&#039;s not right for me. Hoping to try something else."
"45 year old woman, 138lbs 5&#039;7&quot;.
Started at 25mg and titrated slowly. Noticed within a week my stress responses improved. Continued to increase as no change to organisation, memory or attention. Felt ok even at 100mg. Then since I started 120mg, I feel quite unwell. I don&#039;t think I&#039;m unable to sustain this dose as side effects are strong: nausea after 1hr of ingestion, tiredness, feeling as though I&#039;ve had too much strong coffee. The S/E definitely more pronounced if I&#039;m not doing anything so I try and stay active and never take this on an empty stomach! 
I&#039;ll give it 2 more weeks at 120mg (which will be 6 weeks total) then gently titrate down. It gives me palpitations, too, which make me unhappy. 
I get this free on NHS in UK."
"I love this medicine. I have bipolar II disorder, and this medicine does everything it&#039;s supposed to do. It keeps my manic moods completely in check, and works very well in conjunction with Zoloft. I have been on both drugs for years, and I have not had any serious depression or mania for over 20 years! The only side effect that I experience is fatigue, but so worth it. The side effects are minimal. I feel and act NORMAL."
"Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo ----- Ethinyl Estradiol/Norgestimate...............I don&#039;t like these pills :(  Sickness, similar to morning sickness in the first month, Bleeding during the whole second month, Acne during the second and third month. Very tired, in the 3rd and 4th month. I am so tired its hard to even get out of the bed. I have acne and I still get sick and I am in the 4th month. The Dr. and Pharmacist would like me to believe its the same as the Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo. It is DEFINITELY a generic version. I am ONLY on this brand because my Obama Care covers it, the insurance at my place of employment will kick in the beginning of October."
"I have been taking Parlodel now for 2 months. At first dizzness and headaches then they passed. I have also noticed changes in my cycle it has become more normal 28 days from 35/40 days. I now notice my ankles and feet swelling now after 2 months on Parlodel..but what is funny about it occurs during my cycle."
"I haven&#039;t had a seizure in over 3 years because of this drug. It has helped me so much in daily life that I can&#039;t imagine my life without it. The price is also very reasonable considering what it treats."
"I wasn&#039;t near as nervous as I shouldve been before the insertion of Skyla. My doctor said that in some cases your uterus can be pointed a different direction which affects the ease of the insertion, which was my case. Im not sure if this was the reason for my pain but I have never cramped this badly. After having it removed I nearly passed out. I can normally tolerate pain but I&#039;ve never hurt as bad as I did following the insertion. My cramps were nearly unbearable. I would go through spells that feel how that of contractions would. The cramping eased off after 2 days but it wasnt the end. I&#039;m on my 5th week and although Im not bleeding anymore (I was previously on Depo which made me bleed a consistent 3 1/2 months) It occasionaly cramps."
"This stuff saved me. I&#039;ve got some kind of pinched nerve in my neck/shoulder no one can pinpoint exactly (since I was 17). First time I pinched it, my neck and back siezed up so bad I thought I broke something. I&#039;m easily out 3 days without this stuff and can&#039;t move. 1500mg/ 3x day when it&#039;s acting up. Doc says this acts on every muscle, so after 3 days your dose has to come down, it&#039;s too hard on your heart long-term. Otherwise, it&#039;s a god-send. Keeps me working, still mild pain since good pain killers make me sick. After a few days I knock the dose down, usually back to normal in 5 days. It&#039;ll make you a bit sleepy at first, but that wears off and doesn&#039;t come back once your body is used to it. No other side effects to mention."
"The first 28 hrs while i was taking this drug has been devastating for me. I took the drug this morning before breakfast as described &amp; shortly after I was feeling short winded leaned forward to my knees praying to God &quot;why am I feeling this way&quot;. It was also feeling like something was flaring up inside my chest and rib cage area. Shortly I called my PCP &amp; they told me to come back"
"I stopped taking Topamax for mood disorder due to side effects of tingling on fingers and legs. I was recently prescribed 75 mg Effexor ER for chronic depression the generic. I started on the JAN16th noticed be loss of appetite first day, and 21Jan16 weighed in at 228.2 from 234 @ 5&#039;6. My mood has also improved, now I have a bit more energy, and feel hopeful despite my situation not looking that way. I will be adding Wellbutrin with my Effexor. I hope the depression continues to get better and hoping to lose 70-80 lbs. as well. Give it time if it isn&#039;t working try something until you find the pill(s) for you, different pills work for different people. We all deserve a better quality of life then we had before. Good Luck"
"Epzicom, Reyataz AND Norvir triple combination.  It is expensive, but ALL hiv medications are expensive and there are programs to help pay for the medicine if you have a low wage since most of these HIV medicines cost between $3000 and $10000 or more. This one in combination with Reyataz and Norvir has brought my CD4 level up to 1100 and an undetectable viral load. I do have side effects from the 3 medications, such as nausea and lethargy, but I take Marinol/Dronabinol to take away the nausea.  I am happy with my CD4 count and viral load on this combination of medicines to fight my HIV/AIDS infection."
"This is the first and only birth control I&#039;ve used so I can&#039;t really compare it to anything else. However, my periods are lighter on Leverage but I do get worse cramps. For the first couples months taking it, my breasts were tender but that went away. Levora also caused me to have acne all the time. It&#039;s effective and has little side effects, but there might be something better."
"had bad reaction, face and nose bright red, knees feel like I have heating pad on them, lips tingle, no appitite-only had 3 doses"
"I have dealt with bacterial vaginitis for more than 4 years. This is the only medication that I&#039;ve ever tried other than Flagyl. I like it better because I did not have the metallic taste in my mouth and the pills are coated so you can&#039;t taste them. I did not have any side effects whatsoever and all of my symptoms had ceased in 2 days but I finished the full 2 pills a day for 5 days treatment. I also took Diflucan along with the medication just in case it would&#039;ve caused a yeast infection."
"I had a break up and was suffering extreme anxiety and depression. I was not functioning at work, in life and suffered for several months. I was getting worse and worse, not sleeping and finally broke down and decided to take an anti depressant. After about 4 days something changed a little within a two weeks my anxiety went away and I began sleeping again as well. I weaned off of the ativan I was taking and this drug saved my life. I probably would have been hospitalized if I didn&#039;t go on it. Side effects, sweating (a lot), constipation, and of course ejaculatory issues but still could have sex for my partner. This side effects were easy to deal with when compared to my anxiety. 

Save my life!!!"
"I am starting on a low dose as I was given a stimulant type at first, which made me feel sick and stopped me sleeping. So now I am on Atomxetine but just a low dose as I seem to suffer badly with side effects. At my recent assessment, the doc told me to increase dose to 40mg, then 80, but I decided to start on 20 mg, then 40 second week. Only I am finding I can&#039;t sleep so I am going to try to take about 2 hours before bedtime, see if that helps. Not sure what to do if these don&#039;t work ...Any advice would be grateful, thanks"
"WellbutrinXL 150mg for 3 weeks. This medication has changed my life. Went to PMC to renew Ritalin prescription after Adult ADD diagnosis. Family history of depression, PSTD (combat-related). Personal history of adolescent drug and alcohol abuse (nothing hard). Held a firm belief depression could be &quot;powered through&quot;. Apparently depression has set in at 33, which I treated with Adderral and Ritalin. My drinking got so heavy I fell and suffered a serious concussion. 

Doctor denied my Ritalin script and prescribed Wellbutrin. Had side effects: severe bloating, headache, pressured speech. All gone. Energy is sky high, focus is on point, and weight is down. Can&#039;t say enough about this medication. Hope it stays this amazing forever."
"just horrible.  I can&#039;t stop crying and I don&#039;t even know why sometimes.  I&#039;m not me.  I have been bleeding for about four out of the past five weeks, even after the doctor put me on the pill to help regulate.  I&#039;m in my 30&#039;s and having horrible breaks out, something I have never had before.  Can&#039;t eat, morning sickness, tired, emotional, the injection sight itches, and just not myself.  I hate the way it makes me feel.  I have an appt. to get it out in two days.  My kids think I&#039;m nuts, and I feel like I am.  I just want to feel better."
"This medicine reduced all emotional stressors allowing my facial muscles to relax! Thus bringing down my Tempromandibular joint pain levels tremendously! Thanks to clonazpam my Car wreck injury (TMJ)is bearable."
"Provigil then Nuvigil (slightly less expensive) helped save my life.  Took Provigil first, switched to Nuvigil (same effect), for 6.5 years now.  Day one value, no side effects as far as I know.  Still same dose (250mg Nuvigil, equivalent of 200mg Provigil), never increased or decreased.  Effect same today as day one.  Note:  I&#039;ve been on a &quot;cocktail&quot;:  20mg Lexapro and 1mg Klonopin daily, plus daily mindfulness meditation and weekly CBT. But 6.5 years of lovely life after 3 terrible episodes of major depression in under 6 years.  Certainly have ups and downs, but not severe and brief.  If I run out for a few days I&#039;m grumpier, less resilient but Nuvigil greatly clarifies my thinking and energizes me.  It&#039;s not for all, but miracle for me."
"First glass okay, then started to vomit. Forced myself the other half a litre due to operation however could drink no more as I was terribly ill vomiting. My operation had to be postponed. I am now waiting an alternative. Moviprep is gross to drink but does make the bowels move."
"My experience hasn&#039;t been great on sertraline. I have suffered greatly with mood swings, my sexual life was non existent, I had experienced signs of mania/ deep depression, and very odd stress disorders"
"Really bad. I didn&#039;t feel better at all just constantly &quot;wired&quot; like I had drank 6 cups of coffee. I couldn&#039;t sleep at all. "
"I was unable to move around ...very stiff and sore.  It was so bad I was considering using a cane to get around.  Arava 20mgs has put an end to all of my aches and pains...so very grateful.  But, my BP is now elevated (I&#039;m adressing this with my PCP)."
"Wow. I took two pills around 6:00 PM before dinner. Around midnight, I woke up with a burning feeling in my intestines. I figured the medicine was working and sat on the toilet. I haven&#039;t pooped this much in a long time. After relieving myself of days worth of poop, I immediately felt sick to my stomach. I returned to the bathroom where I began to throw up and have diarrhea. I went back to bed and woke up around 6:00 AM with more diarrhea. I&#039;m really starting to consider using other medication that doesn&#039;t make me so sick."
"The pain in my right thigh was almost unbearable.  It was all I thought of, day and night.  I only slept at most 2 hours at a time before the pain would awaken  me.  After a week on Lyrica (75mg twice a day), there was tremendous relief, but I still had pain.  Then I was put on 150 mg twice a day, and it was like a miracle.  The pain was totally gone in a few days.  I also take it for fibromyalgia and diabetic neuropathy.  But the meralgia paresthetica saw the most dramatic improvement. No noticeable side effects, except a little dizziness the first few mornings."
"I had severe allergic reaction to shellfish twice and I took prednisone 10 mg for 5 days.  The skin rash and itchiness were gone in 3 days.  Six months later I experienced same condition.  I suspect this time was caused by taking vitamins. The rash and itchiness were gone in 3 days.  I recommend this medicine."
"Didn&#039;t do a thing"
"Got from VL120000 to undetectable in just a month, take it with Truvada once a day (I don&#039;t mind taking 2 pills a day at all), CD4 went from 530 to 980, a great combination for me with almost no side effects (was having some mild headaches, they are gone now). It&#039;s been 2 months since I started and I feel much better now, gained about 10lbs back. You must NOT wait to start your treatment, there is no benefit to it, don&#039;t let the virus kill your brain cells, destroy your immunity system, start ASAP. I just wish I could have started sooner (insurance problems, the drugs are way too expensive). Good luck!"
"I&#039;ve been on this for a month and am at the full dose. I was dieting and exercising before this and was looking for something that would simply kill my appetite. I&#039;ve used Phentermine before, which worked great at killing my appetite but also killed my libido, which won&#039;t work. I have to say I&#039;ve not really experienced the appetite suppression I hoped for. I&#039;m still hungry and just forcing myself not to eat. But I could do that without this and have done so in the past, so I&#039;m not sure it&#039;s doing anything for me. It&#039;s a bummer because I was really hoping this would work. I&#039;m going to give it until the end of this first bottle, which because of the build-up actually last a month and a half, then I&#039;m probably done if nothing changes."
"Increase dose more slowly than the doctor says. I was convinced I was actually in hell for a week after increasing my dose for one single day. It helps my situation, but it ruins my memory, kills motivation, kills desire or will to do anything. A cool and crisp morning loses that good feeling and your sleep sucks causing you to be tired all day. I would recommend to take a dose only on days you feel awful. Maybe 15mg. I regret taking this every day. The withdrawal is worse than alcohol, tobacco and other SSRIs combined."
"I&rsquo;m giving this medicine 2 stars because it worked the first couple of time and then went down hill from there. I feel like  my body got used to it so quick because I have suffered from allergies as a kid or my allergies are just that bad that the pill doesn&rsquo;t work anymore. I have even taken two pills as desperation to help before the 24 hours and NOTHING. Save your money"
"I started taking adipex on 11/14-4/15 and without diet and exercise I instantly lost 25 lbs. I weighed 150lb (only being 5&#039;2) , by the end of the first month I was down to 126lb , my goal being 125lb. I stopped for a while and ended up gaining all but 3lbs back. Now I am back on it and I&#039;m excited to see where I&#039;ll be a month from now. The side effects I have had both times is dry mouth, shakes, and short temper. I&#039;ll report back in about a month, maybe sooner."
"I had the mirena  inserted 4 days ago now, I decided to get the mirena as I have very very painful period cramps and I had recently moved to a new area and getting the pill was a nightmare. The insertion for me was very very painful, the doctor had to dilate my cervix so it made the cramping even worse, the pain was so bad that I was actually sick. However I&#039;m still experiencing bad cramping days later. I won&#039;t say at the moment if I hate it or not as it&#039;s been only a couple of days but i hope the cramping stops soon!"
"I have been using different muscle relaxants for the last 3 years or so, and by far Flexeril is the strongest and lasts the longest.  There&#039;s also Robaxin as well which I think is the weakest one of all the muscle relaxants. "
"It helps with the sensation of having to pee every hour, but it doesn&#039;t completely take away the uncomfortable feeling that something is wrong with my bladder."
"Tylenol 3 does not help in alleviating any pain in my circumstances."
"It worked immediately. I made healthier choices. I didn&#039;t have any junk food cravings not even think about them at all. Within 2wks I lost a good 16-18lbs! I loved the new me!! The healthier looking me!!"
"Works great if taken more than ten minutes before eating. Saved my life, had not eaten solid food for 2 years."
"I was given the 4 mg sample. After the first day I was unable to urinate and after several trips to the bathroom I was able to drain the bladder. A few
days later I tried a second time with the same result."
"Experience horrible muscle spasms due to cerebral palsy was on a very high dose of zanaflex for the last eight years topped out on that and my very brave and forward thinking doc put me on soma three times a day. It does wonders coupled with opiate lyrica and an NSAIDS I virtually have little to no spasms and wake up everyday happy instead of suicidal. I don&rsquo;t understand why a perfectly harmless drug is so blacklisted it is not a barbiturate after you take soma it turns into meprobamate these drugs mimic barbiturates but are not true barbiturates like pheno or secobarb so doctors out there remember if ur not doing anything wrong the DEA can&rsquo;t screw with you"
"I just recently started being treated for bipolar. And also just started taking Nuvigil, it has help me so much. I don&#039;t just want to sleep it has made me feel better(normal). I am kind of grateful that my doctor started treating me!"
"I have been using Prandin for about 4 months and it has made a huge difference in my sugar. I would definitely recommend asking your doctor about it."
"This medicine for hayfever and cold leaky sinuses is wonderful.It makes me drowsy, but I take it at night and it works all day!"
"I took it about an hour after having sex, because the condom broke. I&#039;m on birth control but haven&#039;t been taking it on time. I took it as an extra precaution and had my period a few days late. I got my period and I have been throwing up and have had the worst back pains ever. I have never felt so horrible. I haven&#039;t kept any food down and started also having diarrhea. It&#039;s the worst pain I think I&#039;ve ever gone through."
"I had been taking Citalopram for over 6 years (20MG) when my doctor switched me to Escitalopram several months ago.  We started with 15MG, and it definitely helped, but my anxiety was still bad, so we decided to increase the dose to 20MG about 3 weeks ago.  I haven&#039;t had a panic attack since, but I am extremely lethargic and unmotivated.  I sleep 12-15 hours a day (I have a very flexible work schedule), and I&#039;m still tired and take naps during the day.  I make up any excuse not to do my work, and I have trouble getting myself to do ANYTHING, including going outside.  I won&#039;t even walk to the store if I really need something.  I&#039;ve always loved to sleep, but I used to be extremely self-motivated."
"Lifesaver."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for awhile now, it was originally just for my chronic migraines, but it never ended up working for my migraines, but I&#039;ve had a history of anxiety and Effexor seemed to solve my anxiety problems so my doctors have kept me on it all this time. I&#039;ve noticed if I go even a little over 24 hours since I&#039;ve taken my last dosage, my anxiety comes back worse than ever and I constantly throw up due to withdraw... and that&#039;s only a day of not taking it!!"
"I have chronic constipation. I am trying any thing and everything to have a bowel movement. Dulcolax did nothing for me. Very disappointing."
"I just started to go into withdraw from not using herion for close to 20 hrs and a friend of mine kicked a week ago with the help of Suboxone. He gave me 2 8mg pills instructed me to take 1/2 under tongue and if need be take 2mg more if needed tonight, it&#039;s 3 in the afternoon right now. He said it worked wonders for him and will give me more to  ween off of it day 3 And day 4. My question is does this really work to help suppress WD symptoms I&#039;m scared and wanna no what to expect. It&#039;s def time for a life change and will do anything to get this monkey off my back. Please give me some advise and any answers and words of strength would be greatly appreciated 
Thank you in advance
Little drummer boy."
"This is a cleaner way of taking trileptal, it really does make both medication management and the side effects easier to manage. On generic trilepetal I needed to medicate twice daily &amp; the morning dose really put me in a fog, not to mention how intense the headaches could get about 30 minutes after my 3x evening dose. Now the headaches still come but are far less intense &amp; the onset is hours later. Also, the lethargy factor is greatly reduced, I take 900 mg.
@ 6 PM &amp; I&#039;m ready for bed at 10:30, not focused on getting to my pillow all night like I was previously.  This medication does interfere with my ability to urinate within 2 hours of taking it. As for the positives, I&#039;m a rapid-cycler &amp; days are most certainly more stable. Give it time"
"I absolutely love this medication. Works really fast, I didn&#039;t leave me with any side effects, and makes me feel better within a few hours! I will never take another medication for a urinary tract infection again besides this one!"
"I would have been better off just letting my YI run its course. I am currently on my 3rd day of fire and crazy itching after using the 1 day treatment. It feels like I have chemically burned off all of my skin down there. I don&#039;t know what to do. I ran to the drug store and got the 7 day, but I&#039;m kind of scared to use it now! I wish I hadn&#039;t used the 1 day!"
"I have been suffering chronic insomnia for a few years and have tried many different medications/sleeping pills/techniques. Everything I tried did nothing more than make me drowsy or uncomfortable. Trazodone however puts me straight to sleep on time every time when taken half an hour before sleeping, and I wake up having had a restful sleep."
"From the first dose of 1mg of this medication on the bottle. I have not had one episode of a panic or anxiety attack, nor felt drowsy, and have been able to clearly understand and interpret the current issues in my life and the decisions and actions I will be required to make. At present take 1mg 3 times a day, with the hope of reducing this shortly."
"I sometimes have these inexplicable migraines pain 1 out of 10 sometimes reaching 9 where I am dry heaving just due to the pain that causes nausea. I get these migraines in my forehead sometimes, people often refer to as &quot;tension headaches&quot;. My migraines can last 3-5 days. I&#039;ve tried non medicinal ways to treat my migraines: going to the eye doctor, visiting my primary care physician to make sure it wasn&#039;t sinus related, I tried essential oils and also tried other otc pain relief like Tylenol and Motrin as well as Advil and alieve. What works best for me is this excederin migraine."
"I have severe chronic fatigue. I have tried everything for relief. I have been taking Tramadol 50mg one per day for 5 years I have found this drug gives the most relief out of anything I have tried. I have no side effects at all. I would highly recommend Tramadol for anyone suffering from CFS."
"Used Voltaren on mild tendonitis of the elbow. Not only did it immediately reduce the pain, but it seems to be helping to speed up healing, when I am not using it, the pain seems to be getting progressively less severe"
"This birth control is HORRIBLE. Every negative thing that people have been saying is true for me, besides the positive things (but everybody&#039;s bodies are different). I have NEVER had acne before taking this medicine and now my skin is horrible, my sex drive is lower, I&#039;ve been super sensitive to everything and I cry almost every day about literally nothing. I also gained 10 pounds in the 3.5 months I&#039;ve been taking it. I&#039;m getting a new prescription ASAP!"
"Early in my life-after a terrible head on drunk driving accident- it was discovered that I had a cyst growing on my pituitary. And, after the crash and growth of the cyst everything changed. 
Needless to say my testrosterone levels crashed to 5% of normal levels which caused a Bipolar and Androgenic Depression. Eventually, through self study and analysis I got diagnosed with hypogonadism and started taking ANDROID (which is Methyl Testosterone). After this my whole life turned around. Now, I have moved over to Testosterone Cyp.

I have perfected the &quot;cocktail&quot; with the following: 200mg Test.; Quercetin; and, DHEA. I am a new man now! Thank GOD!"
"It gave me an allergic reaction , swelling , hives tight chest and wheezing"
"i have this condition on my hands (palms) and feet (heels). I use halobetasol one day then use Dovonex then next. Halobetasol 3 days and Dovonex 4 days of the week.  Using these are the only things ever prescribed that has given my any relief!! It does not go away but slows the blisters and cracking."
"I have been on this for birth control for over a year. I&#039;d heard that I could have some spotting, especially in the first cycle, but I still get spotting starting about 3 weeks before my white pills (and it last up until then). This was very annoying for me so I will be switching away from the extended cycle."
"I have been taking Viibryd for 25 days and I love it. I can tell a big difference in my overall attitude. This medicine makes you feel back to &quot;normal&quot; (the happy state before feeling overwhelmed with depression). I am a lot more motivated than I have been in the past and I have lost a little over 10 pounds. I am taking a 40 mg pill each day. I highly recommend this medicine to anyone. Obviously, talk to your doctor first. I hope this helps. Remember everyone is different, it may take a few medications before you find the right one. I hope this helps!"
"I was prepared for some side effects but so far there&#039;s only more wetness (not bothersome) and a reduction in sex drive (haven&#039;t decided if it&#039;s bothersome or not yet). I keep waiting for the scary side effects you read about but so far so good. I am prone to anxiety and headaches but all that has been just business as usual for me, no increase. No slip out. No pain."
"Started on cymbalta 30mg in Aug 2017. I do suffer from anxiety and in addition to that I have herniated discs and problems in my neck. This medicine has been the greatest thing I have ever taken. Finally I can go to grocery stores alone and not have panic attacks in the middle of walmart. So my anxiety has greatly improved. The tingling and dizziness I would get in my head and arms is gone. My neck pain has improved but it could get even better if I could increase my dose to 60 mg. But my blood pressure is at times is too high. Once this is under control they will increase cymbalta. I have had no side affects at all on this medication and feel like I can live again. Mood has improved and I feel like myself again."
"Good medicine, effect is better."
"No real side effects other than sleepiness -- but since it&#039;s been prescribed to me for insomnia, that&#039;s kind of a bonus.  It wears off by the time it&#039;s time to start my day and I go about with a clear head.  It also seems to help abate some of my OCD rampant obsessive thought cycles.  I take it in tandem with Lexapro, Wellbutrin and klonopin."
"I had the Mirena put in because I was going to be living outside of the U.S and was worried about taking prescription drugs that are not regulated. I am 23 and have NOT had children. I got to a P.A for my gynecology visits and mine recommended it. I asked a lot of questions and did a lot of research. Many sites claim that the procedure is extremely painful, but I really believe it depends on each person&#039;s pain tolerance. I wouldn&#039;t go to have a Mirena put in everyday, but the pain was very minimal in my opinion. Also, a lot of women complain of getting a ton of acne, cramping, hair loss and other side effects. So far I have no complaints and am loving it. I would suggest to take Advil or ibuprophen before the procedure for cramps. Good luck."
"I have been on zyvox for 6 weeks now and have 6 more to go. My experience with this medication Is not a pleasant one. I am on 2 anti-nausa pills plus the scalopine patch to be able to eat and not throw up. I am also taking a pill for loose stools so I stay hydrated. Spending a day in the emergency room getting fluids is not a good way to spend your husbands day off. My legs and feet swell to double their size and are very painful. I have no option  but to be on zyvox since I failed vancadymicin. My doctor keeps on eye on me but the brown tongue and funky taste is disgusting. I pray none of these side effects are permanent."
"Negative Side Effects:
- Diarrhea for the first 4-5 days of taking it
- Still heavy flow periods 
- Tension headaches everyday
- Breast tenderness 
- I feel that I&#039;ve been eating more (not sure if that&#039;s because of the birth control)
- Heavy PMSing before periods 

Positive Side Effects:
- Shorter period 
- Less acne 
- Less cramps"
"I was terrified of taking this. I had been on Lo-ovral in the past, and had a terrible experience with it (mood swings, lack of sex drive, constant hunger, weight gain, etc.). This was pretty much off the bat. Plus I have seen some scary reviews about Microgestin. But after getting diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) I had to do something. I have had pretty much zero side effects after a month of use. Breasts grew a little bit and were tender at first, but other then that I feel fine. I am typically hypersensitive to medicines. It could be that I am used to high hormone levels due to the PCOS and this just balances it out. With birth control (and anti-depressants) it is important to really shop around until you find one that works with your body."
"I suffered depression and anxiety at a very difficult time in my life 5 years ago and have been on efexor 75mg since then... it took the edge off highly stressful situations and helped me to cope in a calm and positive way :)  Life has been good since then, even though family problems have endured (thankfully to a lesser extent)... side effect of nausea was to be expected during first few weeks but after that no problems at all... effexor has been a wonder for me... :):):)"
"Prescribed 30mg 3x daily. Used to be on Opana 40mg. Opana was definitely a better solution because 1 pill a day is better than 3. New formula causes stomach problems for me, but now I am on roxicodone and it does great for my spinal disc pain
Just wish I didn&#039;t have to take 3 a day"
"Day two taking the antibiotic and feeling tired and depressed. My hands feel icy. I missed work because of the depressed and tired feeling. I will never take this drug again. I feel like Ive been poisoned."
"Epiduo forte really does work. Tried literally everything else except accutane ( including benzoyl, salicylic acid, clindamycin, tretinoin/retin-a, tetracycline, even birth control) and this is the one. Not completely cured, but sooo much better! Really no more inflammatory acne at all, nothing but small bumps left. Takes a few (like 3) months to work, so don&#039;t give up hope!"
"This is my 12th day on Citalopram and already I am noticing a difference.  I was on Effexor for over a year and it was okay but started getting really anxious and having panics attacks all over again, more frequent, and also really sad a lot, so decided to talk to my doctor about switching.  He said &quot;Citalopram is my go-to medicine, and it&#039;s a lot cleaner than most.&quot;  I love reading the positive reviews. It gives me high hopes.  The first week I did feel a bit off but I know you just have to wait it out and things will look up.  So far so good! Good luck everyone!"
"Another toxic drug- BUT....
I rated Trazodone mid level because it has helped me get some resemblance of consistent sleep 
( 2-3 hrs at times) that I likely would not otherwise have received without it. I have been on it for about 6-8 years, and have tried everything else known to man ( except odd street drugs) I am a 51 year old woman who strongly dislikes drugs to begin with.
I was prescribed this after asking for 
&quot; something to help me sleep&quot; while I was in the hospital after surgery-after breaking down to my doctor because I was at my wits end, I was not sleeping-I was not I informed at the time this was an antidepressant! 
My body was already used to them "
"I have been on this medication a mere 4 days. I have gained 7 pounds in that time. l also feel extremely bloated. I also had an upset stomach for the first two days. I am getting off of it immediately!! I must be on of the lucky ones it is not working well for me at all."
"I have been taking this medicine for a little over two years, but I recently stopped. It is a WONDERFUL medicine for doing what it&#039;s supposed to do: making you sleep and stopping your racing thoughts. I don&#039;t regret taking it, because I badly needed it at the time. However, this medicine has HORRIBLE side effects. For me, they outweigh the benefits. I developed an intestinal problem, high blood sugar, and gained over 30 pounds that I could not lose no matter what I tried. I also feel like my mind is slower, and I can no longer retain as much information. I would not recommend taking this medication long term. There are also other negative effects that I was lucky enough not to experience."
"My face cleared up in about 10 days."
"Only 1 week on this 1 pill 3 times a day. I haven&#039;t drank anything, but I haven&#039;t been in any situations that I would drink yet. I&#039;m a binge drinker. At home I don&#039;t drink at all. If I&#039;m out at a casino or bowling I&#039;ll go nuts and forget what happens the next day."
"Severe ear infection with much mucus from nostrils. Levaquin 750mg didn&#039;t help. After taking it I felt my heart was beating somewhat harder. Requested something else that actually worked."
"I was 50, had my prostate removed then let it go at 55. Had a PSA above 400, my weight dropped to 105lbs thought I was going to die then had 15 radaiaton treatments and started Lupron shots. PSA dropped, I came back to life now I an 63 still getting Lupron shots every 6 months sure there are some side effects but its better than being dead if you have cancer. I hope something works for you."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about 6 years.  Its fine at first, then everything just gets awful. The two positives are my skin stays clear, although my skin has never been prone to acne, and I&#039;ve never gotten pregnant. Also, it never caused weight gain for me. Aside from that, I wouldn&#039;t recommend. I feel so depressed all of the time and my anxiety is through the roof. All I want to do is sleep. Not to mention my sex drive is completely nonexistent. It gets 4/10 because it does its job as birth control effectively as long as you take it correctly. But what does the effectiveness matter if you never have the drive to have sex. Looking for a dependable alternative that works and won&#039;t cause weight gain or acne so I can stop taking this"
"Imitrex has been a life saver for me. As soon as I feel the headache coming I can take half of a 100mg imitrex and in 20 min the headache subsides. I have absolutely no side effects from this medication."
"Hello, taking Levsin has been a saviour for me No it dosen&#039;t always help but it works most of the time. I have always thought was the only 1 on earth with this problem . So glad to no I&#039;m not The pain for me is worse than childbirth, doctors don&#039;t really get it, thats cause they never had it. I get IBS/D for 3 days at a time, most recent 14 days n counting."
"I&#039;ve read some mixed reviews about Topamax.  Mine were awful, short-term memory loss, a state of &quot;duhh&quot;, just horrible funcionality in general.  I felt like I was getting dumber, plus no change in the migraines and cluster headaches.  Any sufferer of these types of headaches knows what I mean when you feel that type of pain thrusting through the veins of one side of your head.  Everything aches, even your teeth ache.  Touching it hurts, leaving it alone hearts...everything hurts. Anyway, I had high hopes in Topamax but no results. I am now on Elavil and I swear it&#039;s a miracle.  No headaches since."
"I just had my Mirena inserted today, I wanted to get a positive review about the insertion out there. I&#039;m 21 &amp; have been on Loestrin Fe for the past 5 months, &amp; Sprintec for a year &amp; a half before that. I have never had children or been pregnant. They prescribed me Misoprostal to take the night before to open up my cervix &amp; I took 800mg Ibuprofen half an hour before the appointment. First she measured my cervix &amp; then inserted the Mirena. Both felt like bad period cramps, more uncomfortable than painful. I&#039;ve had mild cramps throughout the day, nothing Ibuprofen can&#039;t fix. I have no idea if it will work or how my body will take it, but the insertion went smoothly."
"I have been taking citalopram just over 2 months. Within 3-4 wks, my panic attacks began to dissipate. I would feel 1 coming on, but it wouldn&#039;t build. Before treatment, my overall anxiety level had reached a pretty unbearable point, with constant cycles of panic and anxiety. Slowly, the things that trigger those feelings stopped having the same effect. Experienced quite a few side effects at the start, but they DID go away after about 3 weeks. In the past 2 weeks I went from 10mg to 20mg, as my anxiety was creeping back in. But I&#039;m adjusting well with the dose. People have noticed a complete shift in my attitude, and I finally have some inner calm to rediscover me. post-panic/anxiety!"
"Worked very well for me. I have been taking other sleep medications but this one is by far the best. Going to buy 3mg pack."
"After kidney stone surgery 3 weeks ago I was given the Flomax to rid myself of the smaller stones. After reading on line the horror stories of this drug&#039;s side effects, which included running nose, blurred vision and unable to achieve orgasm, I was very reluctant to use it. I&#039;m happy to report in the limited time using Flomax, I&#039;ve had no side effects. I mean none."
"If I could rate Xanax higher I would, this is without a doubt the most effective medication I&#039;ve ever taken for anxiety, and fast acting. I&#039;ve always dealt with the public speaking anxiety since high school. I&#039;m 29, healthy and active and have never been depressed so that&#039;s why I&#039;ve been reluctant about SSRI&#039;s. My GP prescribed Celxa, went up to 20mg and it was a nightmare, had panic attacks and very vivid intrusive thoughts. My GP switched to lexapro @10mg and I still get panic attacks. If I get a panic attack I take a .50mg of Xanax and it takes like 15 min to kick in and I feel great - I hate SSRI&#039;s and wish Xanax was a daily med."
"In my 20&#039;s I used several kinds of birth control, and this had the least side effects, so I stayed on it for about 5 years, then went off birth control and became pregnant. After pregnancy my OBGYN put me back on this birth control (9 years ago, age 28; used various brands based on insurance) and overall I didn&#039;t experience any negative side effects. It keeps my period regular (as long as I am consistent with taking my prescription on time each day), and I don&#039;t have acne issues.  I did gain a few pounds when I went back on it, but that is typical with any birth control. The only thing I have noticed in the last year (age 37 now) is some heavier periods and some cramps I didn&#039;t have before, but that may be due to my age. Hope this is useful."
"16 years old on solodyn  and ziana for 3wks. My face has cleared up significantly. I have cystic acne, I started breaking out badly in sept of this year. I tried basically everything over the counter. My mom took me to a dermatologist and this is what he prescribed , so far it works. However , still wash with panoxyl  am and pm and benzac for spot treatment. When my skin is vey dry I use yes to tomatoes moisturizer and daily repair treatment ."
"Premenstrual dysphoric disorder made being in my own head miserable.  I have been on Sarafem for three months now and the difference is amazing.  My husband has noticed that I am calmer and less emotional over trivial things since I started taking it.  I feel that I am more able to cope with daily life in the two weeks of the month that used to give me uncontrollable anxiety and anger issues.  I have noticed a few side effects including some loss of appetite and a bit of sleeplessness the first few weeks of taking Sarafem but the benefits definitely outweigh these drawbacks."
"Burned like a blow torch for about 5 hours. Laid in bed with ice packs and cried. After 5 hours of torture and a couple of showers it started to calm down enough for me to doze off. Awoke next morning with it still burning and swollen. As I was trying to get ready for work it got worse. Went to doctor and got Diflucin. I will NEVER use Monistat EVER again. It took an annoying issue and turned it into a catastrophe.
Wasted money on product and cost me more to go to the Dr and take a day off work."
"I started June 2015.  First I did have the nausea, headaches and tiredness but it has slowly gotten better. I was willing to put up with the side effects to see if this product would help me.  I am up to 4 pills and a day I feel not too bad. I have only lost 10 pounds but I just starting walking 3 miles a day.  I couldn&#039;t exercise at first because of how sick they were making me feel.  I do feel how it has helped me with my appetite. I only eat when I am hungry and I don&#039;t crave food or snacks all day. When I do eat, I get full very fast.  I even have to eat slow because if I eat fast and slightly over eat, I feel so sick and full.  I haven&#039;t lost as much as others. I&#039;m going to keep going I&#039;m happy I&#039;m losing and not gaining!"
"I also had constant reoccurring rashes and itching related to my obesity.  I tried a lot of different ointments, creams and prescription antibiotic powders like NyStop.  The problems seemed to never go away.

I had knee replacement scheduled and knew I&#039;d be in the hospital for several days and wondered how I&#039;d deal with the itching, while in the hospital.

As part of the hospitals MRSA control program, I was required to shower the morning before the surgery with BactoShield 2% Shampoo.  I didn&#039;t have any problems for 4 days while in the hospital.

After returning home, a couple of days later, the rashes and itching reappeared. I used my other prior remedies to no avail.  Then I got thinking of how I went so long I the hospital without problems.  I still had about an ounce of BactoShield left and when showering, begin to use it applying it only to problem areas, especially under my apron And in the groin area, but only after the rash redeveloped.  The time between episodes went from being daily or every other day, to a week.  I soon used up the ounce of 2% that I had left and found another small bottle available,e for sale on Amazon.  I reordered and seemed to be able to keep the reocurrences about a week apart.

After using up the small amount of BactoShield 2% up, I found an 8 oz bottle of 4%. After using it weekly for about 2-3 weeks, I found that my problem seemed to go away.   I still apply it to the affected areas about every two weeks or so as a preventative or after particularly high sweat days where I can&#039;t shower till late In the evening.

It&#039;s worked wonders for me and a little lasts a long way now.  I&#039;m attributing my initial rash problem to a bacterial concentration that could t be &quot;killed&quot; off by the other remedies and prescriptions.  The BactoShield appears to have been able to kill of the bacteria that just seemed to reculture itself when using the other remedies."
"Multiple Sclerosis and slipped disk 
this is great for pain!!"
"I recommend it as the best to alleviate pain.  Better than Oxicodone which lasts 1/2 hour.  
Forget Tylenol.  As a dance teacher I experience all kinds of aches and pains .  Have had disk problems, hip replacement and taken every pain killer known.  
For me this is the best anti-inflammatory.  Most drs. for some unknown reason never heard of Anacin don&#039;t know what I am taking.  I am going for minor surgery in a few days and still taking. Will quit 3 days before.  I take with coffee, milk, water etc.  Takes about one hour to take effect and I do take right before going to sleep."
"Was given after tonsillectomy a few months ago! Not sure if any pain medicine could cut the intensity of that but I felt like it was mediocre. Better than nothing, though!"
"Oh my goodness, this works like magic! For two weeks I had been in severe pain in the tummy area. I ended up going to the ER thinking there was something wrong with my gallbladder. Only problem was that I was SOOO backed up. They told me to drink some of this and it would work in an hour or so. Lets just say it was a river haha!! If you plan on taking this, make sure you&#039;re by a toilet! Once it starts you won&#039;t stop for a bit. Also remember to hydrate before and after. Before going I personally felt a little bloated and uncomfortable. But once it works you&#039;ll feel much better!"
"I have CRPS in my left foot. I have a spinal cord stimulator (paddle leads). I have been on pain meds since 7/2013 after an accident. Meds tried through prescription from pain mgmt. Norco, Percocet, Oxycontin, Morphine ER, Butrans and more. Nucynta was prescribed April, 2015. I took it for 1 week. I am a very positive person who is always seeing the good in any situation. Nucynta made me depressed, moody, not wanting to get out of bed, quiet and overall someone I do not want to be. It did aid in my pain control, but I cannot be that person is made me. After being off of it for 2 days, I am back to being my positive self.
Would I recommend it? I don&#039;t think so."
"I cannot begin to explain the horrible experience I had on this pill. I was put on it to control my mild hormonal acne and cramps as well. After two weeks of taking it I stopped, with 8 new cysts on my face (never had cystic acne). The morning after my first pill I woke up with cold sweats. I had a constant headache and mood swings, and spent most of my time in bed from the fatigue. I switched to this medication from lo loestrin, but now I regret it! Only made my acne worse!"
"I was prescribed this by my doctor as a fast acting release from anxiety attacks. It helped me come off all medications for my anxiety disorder, now I only take Niravam when I&#039;m having a bad anxiety attack, which is now very rare!"
"Works well, helps my focus during class and while doing homework. Concerta seemed to work better, but I think this stuff is doing a good job. It doesn&#039;t suppress your appetite as much as Concerta."
"After 3 years of using generic Estridiol patch I cannot imagine life without it! First year of use experienced average of one hot flash a month, very few night sweats and no more mood swings. The following year put on lower dose and haven&#039;t had a hot flash in over a year. Drastic improvement in my quality of life."
"I had a minor procedure done to remove a piece of food that stuck in my throat. I also am on the fentanyl patch for the last 10 yrs for my constant pain. After about 2-3 minutes the first shot didn&#039;t have any effect on me. I was not sleepy at all. To make a long story short because of my pain management medicines they had to give me 4 shots to put me under."
"Caused migraines."
"I am a female senior and started taking this drug about 8 months ago, so far it works well for the depression at 150mg.   I missed taking the drug for 2 days and as a result I had terrible symptoms when I went to bed, my muscles felt like they were tensed and shaking, could not go to sleep but must have at some point and had terrible dreams, now I feel quite ill, stomach upset, gut upset,  sweating, horrible.  Had to take some pepto bismol tabs to try to settle my stomach.  Took my pill at lunch today, waiting to see if I start to feel better.  Surely there must be a drug that can do the same job without the necessity to take it with food and won&#039;t send you body into a tizzy if you miss a dose or 2."
"Cipro cleared up my prostatitis with no side effects."
"Flomax (Tamsulonsin hydrochlorid) helped me to uriniate normally. It did make me feel very tired and weak. I was taking one 0.4 mg a day. I started taking it with breakfast, but switched to taking it after dinner. That helped with most of the tiredness."
"I had Mirena put in 3 weeks after the birth of my second child. It&#039;s the best birth control I&#039;ve ever tried! I didn&#039;t feel anything when my DR put it in. I had some light spotting for a month but the bleeding stopped. I&#039;ve had past issues with birth controls such as having dangerously high blood pressure while using the patch and always forgetting to take pills. If you aren&#039;t planning on having children right away after giving birth, Mirena is the best choice in my opinion!"
"Been on 10/320 for over a year. Has controlled a stubborn high blood pressure to a manageable 125 -.  Have cough, numbness which no one will attribute to the drug."
"I had anal itch for over 40 years and have tried every cream over and under the counter I&#039;ve been using this for three weeks and knock on wood my itch is gone"
"Yes, this medication works. It works very well for chronic anxiety disorder and  sudden onsets of severe panic attacks. Knowing what I know now, I wish with all my being it had never ever been prescribed to me, and without the absurd nonchalance dozens of practitioners have portrayed. 
I&#039;m 32 and have been prescribed clonazopam for 14 years. Ive been in situations where my health insurance is in transition and I must go off the medication abruptly-- this is when I realized how deep I was. Weeks upon weeks of non stop physical, emotional, and psychological withdrawal effects that are like hell. Words cannot accurately describe just how awful it is. This, again, has been my experience during withdrawal as a long term clonazopam patient. 
All skin, especially the face, becomes numb. Vision gets fuzzy and difficult to see clearly. Panic attacks become extremely exasperated, frequent and debilitating. Severe irritability. Worst of all: a terrifying disconnection between your mind and body; as if you&#039;re an onlooker watching and feeling this horrible thing happen to you, but not actually feeling connected to any of it-- that one is tough to explain. All of this... It can lasts months, maybe more. That&#039;s right. Not just some one week hump to overcome. 
After finding how awful the withdrawal is I&#039;ve been attempting to ween very very slowly down from 3 2mg doses per day to eventually zero, hopefully. After six months of gradually decreases in dose I&#039;m now at 2- 1mg doses per day and I&#039;m not sure how or if I can go much less than that. No doctors I&#039;ve had have been of any help. The ween down was my idea and the rate of it was also my idea based on experience. It sure would be nice to meet a doctor that truly had knowledge of this withdrawal syndrome and took it a bit more seriously. I am confident that the medication is no longer treating my anxiety disorder, but simply preventing withdrawal from the meds themselves. And there don&#039;t seem to be any good alternatives. It&#039;s a long road ahead, please think it over and over with someone knowledgeable before being so quick to embrace this miracle drug. The truth is that most of us actually need very real psychotherapy, not chemicals that run our lives. 
Once again, all my point of view from my personal experience. It feels very good to share this."
"I&rsquo;m posting a follow-up from my original review, which I wrote 4 months after starting Contrave and having lost 29lbs. (If you sort the reviews by &ldquo;most helpful,&rdquo; mine comes up first if you&rsquo;re interested in reading it.)
I have been on Contrave for a little over a year now and I have lost 48lbs. I went from 194 to 146, so from &ldquo;obese&rdquo; to &ldquo;normal!&rdquo; I started at a size 12-14 and I&rsquo;m down to a 6-8 (sometimes smaller!).  At this point, the loss has slowed considerably but I&rsquo;m not struggling to maintain as I used to before Contrave. I&rsquo;m still losing 2-3lbs a month, which is really just a bonus now! The one side effect that persists is a complete aversion to alcohol, but I don&rsquo;t mind. As I said before, this medicine has changed my life."
"I took Gilenya 3 years ago for about a year and had no major side effects and only had 1 additional lesion on my brain post treatment. My husband changed jobs and it took about another year to jump through all of the hoops to restart the gilenya. I restarted the gilenya last summer. Immediately I started having trouble with more severe headaches, losing hearing, anxiety. Until my nuero took me off it. I wish It had worked"
"Used after cataract surgery.  Worked just fine for me, twice and no side effects either time."
"Minoxidil 5% is best for hair fall , i used twice in a day good result"
"I totally loved this product the first time it was prescribed to me. However, I found that the other times I have had this treatment (including now) it takes longer to relieve symptoms. I&#039;m losing hope as I have become immune to all other medications."
"RRMS for 3 years. Started Amphrya 1 week ago and saw results on first day! Truly amazing that I can feel all the way to my toes in my weaker left leg! I am so encouraged by this pill. I have had absolutely no side effects. Still only taking 1 pill per day since its been only 1 week. Please give this a try, I wish I would have and not waited 3 years."
"Everybody&#039;s body absorbs differently. My body did not like Mononessa at all. I only lasted 3 days of this pill. I had an insane reaction, my doctor even told me she&#039;s never heard anything like it. My body had an insane panic attack as I was puking. My fingers and toes started to tighten and I could not move them, I had partial paralysis in my fingers and toes! I was crying and rocking back and forth. I never want to experience anything like it again. My body would wake me up every morning at 4:00AM to do this every time I took the pill. I was switched to the Yaz pill which was amazing! After the 4th year of taking it, my body got used to Yaz and now I am experiencing a lot of mood swings and my sex drive decreasing! Microgestin here I come!"
"Did cause slight drowsiness, but controlled the pain of aggravated calcific tendonitis in my shoulder much better than I expected. Allowed me to sleep at night again and regain much range of motion."
"I am a 62 male, served as a fireman for 33 years, and suffered with migraine at least two a week from the age of 21. Mine being related to food, alcohol, vinegar etc. Has been hell for years. I have tried all the so called preventative medicines to no avail, but managed to control them with Imigran. Last year I was prescribed Amlodipine 5mg for slightly high blood pressure. To my amazement my migraine has stopped completely. So I have gone from two a week to zero! Life changing to say the least. I now enjoy alcohol, pizza, cheese, vinegar, chocolate ! Hope this helps someone to live a normal life."
"This was wonderful for taking my mind off of food, helped reduce the stress of always focusing on what I was eating, calorie intake, and still not losing weight.  I found myself having to force myself to eat something, which was a huge contrast from eating because I was bored or stressed.  I found I was stressing over food all the time and by the end of the day I didn&#039;t want to think about it anymore more so I would just say the heck with it and eat without caring.  Now with Phentermine I have the will power with ease and don&#039;t even care if I eat and if I do it is a much smaller portion.  It is absolutely vital for success that you at least walk 20 minutes five times a week and reduce fried foods and eat more fruit and veggies."
"Stimate has been very effective with my 2 children in stopping a bleed quickly.  It is our first line of defense when a severe bleed starts.  Check with your doctor and have them test the effectiveness before using."
"Took for 9 days and developed terrible flu like symptoms -- doctor said to stop. Still having symptoms several days later. The medicine did bring out keratosis spots but not worth the side effects."
"I&#039;ve been on methotrexate for 3 years at 8 tablets (2.5 mgs).  For some reason I only have psoriasis on my hands and then only my thumbs and the center of my inside right hand. That has cleared up considerably to where it is no problem. Thank goodness I have not got it anywhere else.  I noticed that my knees, which had been painful, stopped hurting entirely after about six months. Before it was quite painful... now I have no pain.  I haven&#039;t been taking the folic acid like I should."
"I started taking this birth control on September 1st and it&#039;s now October 14th. The first month I took it, I had my period for about 3 weeks straight, but it was light. When it came time that I would normally have gotten my period (which would have been at the end of the month), the bleeding went completely away after that time had passed that my actual period would have went away. Since then it&#039;s be fine, my face cleared up a lot and I&#039;m maintaining a good weight too. I just got my period today, and it&#039;s very very light and hardly any cramps. Hopefully it only lasts 2-3 days!"
"I really loved it, but after using it for 3 years I started bleeding alot. My gynocologist said that I needed to take a break for about a year. Although I love Depo Provera, I have gone back to pills to have a period on a regular basis. If you use it, you should take a break every couple years or so, but otherwise, I loved it."
"I had no unpleasant side effects on this medication, bar the cystic acne it caused!

Very good in the sense that you don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill etc. but unfortunately for me, it caused very bad acne. Once I had it removed, it was approx. 2 weeks before my skin had totally cleared up."
"I took one little 10mg and a Adderall 10mg as well. And let me tell you THOSE DO NOT MIX. I was at school and the time and I tried to write and my are was what felt like 50 pounds and I just sat there smiling like I was very high."
"Hello, so far  I feel okay... I just literally got the Mirena at 12pm today. The reviews I just read has me super scared but I&#039;m going to do updates along with changes in my weight.  Right when I got it, it felt like the starting of my menstrual cycle. (felt like everything was falling out) the insertion felt like a mean as pinch and as if someone was drawing a straight line with a sharp pencil inside you but it was really really quick!!!!! I took a motrin right afterwards so now at 2:31 I feel fine!!!!!"
"I took this pill from 18-25 when I had my first baby.  After, I was prescribed a different pill that was just ok.  After the birth of my 2nd son I tried Mirena and it wasn&#039;t in place correctly so I didn&#039;t want to try again.  Then, I went to Nuvaring, it was awful! Heavy bleeding on a crazy schedule and hormonal migraines that hadn&#039;t existed with other birth control. I am so happy to be back on Avaine as I have no notable side effects."
"This drug has been a miracle for me.  I had severe hypertension for 20 years and was taking the maximum dosage or more of all of the classes of medications.  When Spironolactone was added, my blood pressure came down almost immediately.  Since then, nearly all of my other medications have been stopped, I am feeling great, and my blood pressure is well controlled."
"I do belive everybody experiences different symptoms. It&#039;s my third box of Yasmin and I&#039;m probably gona give it one or two more shots but I&#039;m thinking of quiting it. First box of my pills was a 21 day long nightmare.  I had breakthrough bleeding whole month I wasn&#039;t even sure when my period started, I had huge intestinal problems. Went for two abdominal ultrasounds because of constant bloating, overly active guts and diarea/constipation (it switched every 2 or 3 days). My breasts, dear Lord, I never felt so tender in my entire life. Luckly, as the next box came, bleeding stopped so did tendernes. I still do feel bloated and gassy but it&#039;s lot better. Gonna give it one more shot but I just don&#039;t feel it&#039;s suiting me."
"I was hesitant to try this but I really didn&#039;t want to have a hysterectomy. I&#039;ve already had one ovary/tube out due to my endometriosis. I was recently diagnosed with also have adenomyosis now. It was Depo-Provera, Lupron or a hysterectomy. I read so many terrible reviews that it had me nervous but I tried it anyway. I&#039;ve gained a few pounds but am also 45 and lazy so that may be the more likely culprit. My acne is actually gone. I&#039;ve had no endometrosis symptoms. My hair is slightly thicker. For me it&#039;s been a miracle. We&#039;re hoping to be able to have these results until menopause hits."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 2 months and it&#039;s given me horrible headaches. I never get headaches. I&#039;ve tried taking Advil and Tylonal but nothing seems to help. I&#039;ve had large blood clots and spotting. This will most likely be my last month as it&#039;s not worth the side effects. My doctor prescribed it for endometriosis and heavy periods. I&#039;d rather have my 12 day heavy periods than constant headaches, huge blood clots and spotting."
"I am 16 and I have been on Solodyn for about a year and a half. The first month I started taking it my skin cleared way up, but then it got bad again. Now, if I stop taking it, I breakout worse than before so it is really just keeping my acne somewhat controlled but it had NOT cleared up my face at all."
"I&#039;ve been on this about 3 weeks and have had horrible mood swings and terrible acne. I don&#039;t think I can take this anymore."
"Lexapro was fine. It wasn&#039;t great, but it also wasn&#039;t awful. It did lessen my anxiety, but not as much as I had hoped. Every time I went up in dose, I would start to dissociate more frequently, so that didn&#039;t really help. I completely lost my ability to orgasm, was constantly constipated, had headaches, and needed 10-12 hours of sleep a night to even begin to function the following day. Coming off of Lexapro was a disaster. I had brain zaps and sweats, and developed major depression, which I hadn&#039;t really dealt with ever before."
"I&#039;ve taking dramamine a couple of times with good results however the other day I took it and it was a disaster.  I usually experience agitation and dizziness while being a passenger in a car and it usually dulls it but, this time... it made my symptoms substantially worst I developed sensitivity to light , sound , and even temperature felt more intense and that was in addition to the agitation and dizziness.  Please use with caution."
"this gets rid of my acne overnight! Although , it drys my chin out so bad to where it looks like I have a super bad sun burn and my skin is peeling . Cerave moisturizing cream helps the pelling though!"
"This is a great medicine. I have known that my daughter now 7, has always been extremely energetic and talkative her entire life, but her impulsivity, inability to concentrate on work (or play), and energy were really interfering with her school and home life. I was so stressed out every day. The behavioral problems were never ending. I mean this child was ALWAYS in trouble, poor girl! She is now like the little girl that I always knew was hiding away in there, but would only rarely come out, she has all of the same positive personality traits plus more. I feel like I can finally connect with her, like her brain just clicked and she is now living in the same reality as everyone around her instead of lost in her  mind. It does make her sleepy."
"Great! Cleared Hep C genotype 1a with twelve weeks of treatments in combination with Sofosbuvir.  A miracle!"
"I switched from Vestura (generic Yaz) to Jolivette about a month and a half ago - I thought perhaps the Vestura was causing me to have a lower-than-usual libido.  At first I felt no different, which was to be expected as a switch can take time to kick in.  Just after I started my second pack I began to feel constantly and uncomfortably bloated.  I read around and found that this severe bloating had affected many other users of Jolivette.  It&#039;s unbearable and makes me feel like I&#039;m always pregnant!  I did take a couple tests just to be sure I wasn&#039;t and I&#039;m not, just feeling super uncomfortable 24/7.   I asked my pharmacy to switch me back to Vestura - the constant discomfort is not worth the possibility of a slightly increased libido"
"I was on Ortho Evra for just about 6 months. I had issues where my whole body would be itchy. I went through visits with a dermatologists and was told it was eczema but then after paying attention to have the patch off for the week of my period I had no symptoms so we found out the hard way that it was indeed the patch that was causing these symptoms. I&#039;m sure this is great for some people, it was very convenient. I chose to be on it because I can&#039;t remember to take the pill but this just doesn&#039;t work for me."
"I took this pill for 8 months and had zero side effects except no period. I stopped taking birth control for 4 months then started again with same pill. Have been taking for 4 months now. First two months I broke out a little and didn&#039;t get my period. Third month had very little spotting for 4 days, and I&#039;m about to end the fourth pack. I&#039;ve had very minor side effects. I personally enjoy not having a period to worry about every month, instead just light spotting every 2-3 months. I haven&#039;t broken out since the 2nd month, I guess my body was getting used to the birth control."
"I am one of the few that have not had a good experience.  High anxiety because my heart won&#039;t slow down, bad headache, little nausea, and loose stool. I&#039;m going tomorrow to get different antibiotics."
"I&#039;m 27 years old and have been on Yaz for a year.  Overall my periods were lighter and shorter, but Yaz has severely decreased my sex drive.  It also makes me feel emotionally flat. I&#039;m switching to another pill."
"I have been on Qsymia for about 5 weeks and have lost about 15-17 pounds. Now my weight has plateaued and I can&#039;t seem to shake anymore weight off. It goes up two pounds, down two pounds, the same as before I began taking the pills. I have added some light exercise into my regimen and have gone down a clothing size. I&#039;m happy with that. I think my body is adjusting/adapting to the medication.  I&#039;m thinking of going off the Qsymia for a week or so to get it completely out of my system and start all over again. My cravings for sweets/candies have all but gone away. Every once in a while I&#039;ll indulge, but not nearly like I used to. I don&#039;t think about food until I&#039;m actually hungry."
"My son has high functioning autism and the doctor prescribed this medication for outburst and agitation. It did the exact opposite. He became more aggressive and physically abusive to the point he could no longer go to school and learn anything else. It took time to gradually take him off the medication and once we did he was so much better. An ADHD medication worked much better."
"I first thought Mirvaso was effective, but it actually increased the redness of flushing and made my skin even hotter. After two weeks of trying it I have stopped using it and hope my rosacea goes back to what it was before, which was not good, but better than after using Mirvaso."
"As I mentioned in Part 1, the phentermine gave me so much ENERGY. I began cleaning my entire house. The only side affect I remember was a very dry throat. I&#039;ve only been on the pill for 4 days. I went to bed that night. I woke up with a rapid heartbeat. It scared me. I knew it was the phentermine. After the 2nd day, I haven&#039;t had any more rapid heartbeats waking me up out of my sleep. The pill causing me to drink more water than I usually do.(LOVE IT) I got on the scale today. SW 180lbs Nov. 8, 2017. 
CW 175lbs Nov. 11, 2017. It really decrease my appetite. I haven&#039;t started exercising yet. I&#039;m just eating smaller portions."
"As a full figured black woman 5&quot;4 189 I was always on a diet and then losing and regaining. Started Belviq three months ago and lost 21 pounds. I get full fairly easily and this gives me the ability to say no to seconds that I never had before. Glad to be on this medicine and will change the way I live to be healthy."
"I started taking this medication due to an inability to go to sleep. For some reason it knocks me out no matter what doseage I take. 8mg is the same effect as 50mg. I sleep at least 8-9 hours straight and feel hungover the next day. It definitely makes me sleep but I have strange dreams and wake up feeling terrible the next day."
"Although this medicine is very expensive, I only need 400mg every couple of days.  I am able to purchase 3-5 800 mg pills per pharmacy visit. I only need to take it when in pain, and it works very quickly, so I&#039;m not changing to another medicine.  Flexeril makes me dizzy, dry, and doesn&#039;t work as well.  Lyrica also makes me dizzy and nauseated.  So metaxalone is my blessing.  I&#039;m very glad and surprised that I also don&#039;t have any side effects, as I am very sensitive to most medicines.  Good luck everyone with Metaxalone.  It works like a charm for me."
"My 9 year old son, who has autism,  was put on risperidone about a year and a half ago after being hospitalized for aggressive and self-harming behavior. It has been very effective with the violent behavior. He is still quite argumentative and has tantrums and meltdowns occasionally but it&#039;s much better. The main side effect was weight gain due to his increased appetite. He was always famished! He gained 8-10 pounds in 2 months which is alot for a 7 year old. The Vyvance that he takes for adhd is supposed to suppress his appetite but it wasn&#039;t enough to outweigh what the risperidone was doing. After a few months his dr put him on metformin. It did the trick. He lost his added weight. The Vyvance/metformin combo balanced out the risperidone."
"This medication was/is a life saver.  Took 2 weeks to adjust to it and about a month to feel its positive effects.  I would say it changed my life for the better BUT I now realize my weight gain over the 2.5 years is due to the medication so I will try to wean off.  I also slept beautifully on it, but too much."
"I am on my 2nd month with Contrave.  I have actually gained weight...  I walk for an hour almost every day &amp; I try to eat healthier. I think I eat more &amp; crave sweets even more.  
I don&#039;t know what to do...  I am going to continue taking it hopefully it will turn around for me."
"I was reading the reviews for this medication 30 minutes after I have injested it. I can&#039;t deny, I was a little bit worried while reading the side effects, especially because I took it with only having eaten two cookies and a banana. Surprisingly, I had not a single side effect. I was not throwing up nor did I have diarrhea or upset stomach. I was actually hungry. I ate peacefully and happily ate Chinese food and cheesecake without a single issue. I will say I noticed an increase amount of discharge, not yellow like I was having before, but it was kinda white/clear thick. My guess is my vagina is cleansing itself and clearing out everything inside. I would highly recommend this, its quick, easy, and simple."
"This is a wonder drug!!

I Went to doctors and asked for champix, for my 15 a day habbit for 16 years !! By Day 7 I had completely given up. That was 8 months ago and I haven&#039;t touched a cigarette since!

I had bad dreams, the taste of the cigarette was just vile. I suffered awful acne (gone once tablets were finished) I sometimes felt a bit confused.

But none of the side effects should stop anyone trying this drug.

9 months ago I sat here and thought I am never going to give up smoking, it&#039;s a huge part of my life but I did it "
"Takes months to get used to.  Good side effects for me include improved sleep and increased exercise tolerance.  Bad (good?) side effect for me is delayed ejaculation."
"I started taking Effexor 3 weeks ago after finding no success with Wellbutrin or Zoloft. It causes some initial bad side effects (nausea, dizziness, tiredness) but I cant emphasize enough how wonderful I feel now! I thought I would never find a solution. Most effective medication I&#039;ve encountered this far!"
"Don&#039;t let doctors give you ciprofloxacin or any fluoroquinolone antibiotics, while you are taking Humira."
"My 4 yo started taking focalin today..5mg.. she is higher than a kite.. she talks incessantly.. she is licking her chin.. she is having mouth ticks..she is sweating and scratching her face and arms..her heart is beating so fast and is crying too. She will NEVER take this med again.. ADHD is easier than this. It has been nearly 6 hrs and it is still going strong. I can&#039;t get anything done for fear of taking my eyes off her. I would give it a 0 but wasn&#039;t an option."
"I found that this pain releiver worked well without making me sick to my stomach like most of the other hydrocodone that contain tylenol."
"I have been on Qsymia for 6 months and have lost 51 lbs. I have diabetes and was taking insulin R &amp; N 60 units each a day. I no longer take insulin, only pills. I have had no side effects. I see my doctor every 3 months. Qsymia has worked for me. My wife also takes Qsymia and has lost 50lbs and lowered her blood pressure to normal with no side effects."
"Taken for colonoscopy prep. Received the generic GaviLyte-G. I didn&#039;t use the lemon flavor packet.  Prepared the container the night before and left it in the fridge. At 4:00 PM started drinking 8 ounces every 10 minutes. I don&#039;t find the taste off-putting at all, it&#039;s like slightly fizzy, slightly salty water.

It started working after the 3rd dose (30 mins after starting).  By the 7th/8th dose I was on an every 10 minute schedule - when I left the bathroom it was time for the next dose. 17 doses later (4 liters div by 8 oz) I&#039;m confident I&#039;m quite cleaned out; clear going in, as clear as I can imagine might be possible coming out.  Lots of volume, but it works."
"I have exercise induced asthma.  And if I used Alvesco a couple hours before a workout I never had to use my rescue inhaler.  I have no unusual symptoms or side effects from Alvesco.  Only down fall is it isn&#039;t covered by my insurance.  Was able to swindle a 6 month supply of samples.  But can afford the  $300 a month price tag."
"I was on Yaz but the problem with it is that it causes breakthrough bleeding and has a higher rate of cysts.  Sprintec is very effective and regulates the period the best so far.  HOWEVER, my acne has worsened a lot.  If you don&#039;t have acne, I&#039;d recommend it."
"I started using Lutera for birth control and to regulate my periods.  I thought that it was working fine for the first 6 months but I started to put all my health concerns together.  I already have a lot of health concerns and it seemed to lower my immune system so I got sick all the time.  I got colds, flu, bronchitis, and was always having migraines.  I stopped using it for a month and noticed I felt much better.  I started it up again and boom, within a week I felt bad again.  "
"I have COPD and this is the only thing that has helped me when I get a cough. I think its great!"
"I&#039;ve been taking tramadol for 2 years. I like it so much better than narcotic pain relievers. I don&#039;t feel awful, eyes arent heavy and not sleeping around the clock. I don&#039;t have any side effects I don&#039;t get buzzed and my pain level is tolerable and I don&#039;t dread work because of pain. I do not have health insurance available to me at the present time and its not that expensive. I would recommend this before narcotics. I have tried otc medicines without any relief. Thank you tramadol."
"I read a lot of reviews saying how terrible the nexplanon was. I would advise you not to freak out about it until you try it. When I saw the reviews it hindered me from wanting to get it but when I talked to my friends that had it, they said they loved it. I am currently 19 years old and have had the implant in my arm for 4 months and I love it! I have had 2 periods since the insertion which I found not unusual after seeing the #1 side effect was menstrual irregularities. Also the actual insertion hurt like 6/10 for 2 seconds and it wasn&#039;t even the insertion that hurt, it was the numbing shot they gave that hurt. I could not feel the actual insertion. Over all it&#039;s been worth it, you don&#039;t know until you try, you can always have it taken out!"
"I started this birth control because my body had a negative reaction to the Depo Provera shot. I enjoy getting my period every three months, and it&#039;s always pretty light. The only bad side effect I have experienced is skin sensitivity. I more easily get acne and whenever I scratch myself the marks show. The most prominent example of skin sensitivity comes from my bra. It just hurts so bad at the end of the day that I have to take it off. Otherwise this has been a great birth control, considering this is fourth one I&#039;ve tried."
"I was experiencing bad anxiety and was on cymbalta.  My Dr switched me to escitalopram and it did not help at all. I am still  on it and now on clonazapam. The clonaz helps my anxiety 100 percent but now my depression, especially the physical symptoms like over sleeping, not wanting to eat, diarrhea, full blown depression.  Cymbalta helped all of that so now I am seeing my Dr to go back on the Cymbalta, which really helps my depression and the physical pains of it, as well staying on clonazapam.  I feel like I&#039;m in a black hole and can&#039;t get out. It&#039;s scary. I want to shake it and I just can&#039;t.  See my Dr this Tuesday thank goodness.  Hope to feel better soon."
"The Mirena is amazing! I got mine inserted during my 6 week check up after having my son! I&#039;ve had it almost 3 years. I&#039;m 23 years old with a super busy schedule, so I didn&#039;t want pills like I&#039;ve had in the past, no time for them plus they made so sick. I wanted to try the Mirena to see if it was any different, and I&#039;m so happy I did. It wasn&#039;t painful at all to insert. It was like getting a checkup. I started my period about 4 days after insertion and that lasted about a week and a half. After that I got my period every month but it was very light and lasted about 3 days. After about 6 months I got a period every 3 months. I was scared to get it reading all the bad reviews but I decided to do it anyway."
"I have arthritis and not much cartilage left in my knee.  I have had only one injection and have been in bed in so much pain that I&#039;m crying for two days!"
"I was on Ovcon for at least 2 years. I just remember regular periods, no real weight gain, no change in sex drive. I stopped taking it for a year just because I didn&#039;t need to be on it. Then I needed birth control again and was put on Velivet(hated it), I&#039;m currently on Apri which I hate. So I&#039;m changing back to Ovcon this month."
"I&#039;ve tried just about every birth control in the book. Depo was by far the worst with over 15lbs weight gain in a year, horrible acne and leg cramps. Loestrin24 wasn&#039;t far behind with chronic exhaustion, zero sex drive and depression. Ortho wasn&#039;t bad, but I did experience weight gain (about 5lbs in a year). Yaz is by far my favorite, and I can say that both before having my first child and after.

Yaz stabilized my pre-menstrual mood swings. I think it actually increased by sex drive post pregnancy. I&#039;ve had no weight issues and no acne problems. I think all the commercials about Yaz&#039;s side effect are bogus - every birth control is going to show correlations with some disease or another. I&#039;d recommend Yaz in a heartbeat."
"I read a lot of reviews on this product that had me scared to try this pill. BUT one thing I noticed is that the majority of people who were on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo  or whatever other product that is the &#039;name brand&#039; version on this had the most problems with it. Anyway, I am on my 3rd week. I have not experienced any side effects that I could notice, seriously not one. I still feel the same way I did before I got on it. I&#039;m taking this pill to regulate my cycle because it&#039;s so irregular and also for acne, which was most likely cause by imbalanced hormones. I haven&#039;t broken out since I have been on this pill."
"I&#039;ve been having bladder botox injections for 12 years at Hospital I have had urge double incontinence for about 15 years, caused by Multiple Sclerosis (primary progressive). I am nearly 70. I was tried on different treatments for about 3 years. Nothing worked. I had to wear thicker and thicker incontinence pads (very embarrassing)! Eventually, I was given Flexible Cystoscopy and Botox. Has to be done every 9 months, first it was with (20 injections), later increased to (30 inj&#039;s). It was worth every jab! Takes about 15 minutes under local. They always do FC and test your urine first. Discomfort during procedure and sore for a few days. No other side effects. Time to find a loo, and dry pants."
"Got paragard on April 19th, holy cow it was a painful insertion. I was tense which made it even worse. Relax and spread those legs is the best advice I can give. The insertion felt like a knife in my uterus, followed by a mega period cramp. The following days were full of cramps and bleeding. The 3rd day blood just came out like a stream. The cramps are bearable but I can&#039;t survive without pain relievers. Im just excited to adjust to the iud, gonna be a long wait. I know it&#039;s painful but better than the pill. The pill scared me because of chest pain and leg numbness."
"I&#039;ve had botox injections 5 times and would definitely recommend it. They say it lasts for 6/8 months but mine have lasted the longest being 2 years. I&#039;m very pleased with the outcome of it, it has made a massive improvement in my life."
"Its been 2 weeks only. I will give it the 2 months most give it for any positive impacts. Here&#039;s what I&#039;ve noticed:
-muscular soreness at application site (shoulders/back are sore)
-increased nose hair
-annoyed off easily"
"I have Hereditary Depression, Bipolar Type 2, PTSD, High Anxiety, Insomnia, I also had some bad Paranoia issues at the time prescribed because of an insane stalker. I have taken over 50 medication combinations. This by far is the worst drug I have ever taken. I knick named it, &quot;Effects Her!!!&quot;.
  The medication was hell on Earth for me. I had several bad side effects on this med. The worst being that when I fell asleep my brain created extremely realistic vivid dreams. Also, after sleeping for a few hours, it seemed like very high impact stressful weeks had just gone by in real time. So I had to try to decipher reality upon waking. Needless to say, I lost my job! My Anxiety and Paranoia were worse! Plus it is absolute Hell to come off of!!!"
"I absolutely HATED this medication.
 I have been struggling with panic attacks and major depression since I was younger. I was put on this medication for about a year and my panic attacks were not so often. The downsides of medication
Is that I felt little to no emotion, And had ZERO sex drive."
"I&#039;ve been taking Ativan for a bit and I think it&#039;s a wonder medicine, the only thing is when you run out you are not in a good mood and feel really sick. But the most part use them as they tell you."
"I have been on Demulen for two years now and take it daily, without monthly breaks, for the management of severe endometriosis symptoms. I tried many different birth control pills before Demulen, but it has been the most effective in preventing the debilitating pain I suffer. If I am a few hours late with a pill, I will begin to experience some cramping, but I am fine so long as I take it properly. I have experienced no major side effects; no weight gain, no increased sensitivity to the sun, nothing. I would recommend it for the management of endometriosis."
"Decided to take Dulcolax Pink, as it said it was gentle on sensitive stomachs (which I definitely have). I took 2, and then did the worst thing I could possibly do.... went online and read reviews. Needless to say I was completely freaked out by what I read and I prepared myself for an awful night. I have to say now, it was really not that bad. Exactly 6 hours after taking it, I had some cramping, very mild nausea, and diarrhea (but what do you really expect from a laxative?). I drank about 1.5 liters of water while taking this, so maybe that was part of it not being so bad. It&#039;s been about 16 hours now since I&#039;ve taken it and I&#039;ve eaten and feel completely normal. I don&#039;t like to rely on laxatives, but would take this one again if need be!"
"I had the implant inserted 5 weeks after giving birth. I have not had a period since my postpartum bleeding. It has been about 4 months and it has worked great. I am currently thinking about having it removed due to wanting to try for another baby. Still not decided for sure yet. Insertion did not hurt at all. Best birth control I&#039;ve tried so far."
"I started with microgestin seven months ago to help with periods. They were heavy and incredibly uncomfortable and the microgestin just wasn&#039;t working for me, and I&#039;d been on it for six months. Then I switched to amethia and things were weird for a little due to the hormonal changes, but after a month, everything leveled out. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, my skin is still relatively clear. The only thing I&#039;ve noticed is that my breasts are very itchy. I then noticed that I was having frequent allergic reactions to *something*, so my doctor reccomended I stop taking this for two weeks. Turns out I was just allergic to my body wash, but the breast itching went away, but has since started up again. I&#039;ve been back on amethia for two weeks now"
"I started Contrave on 5-6 and first week in a half no side effects other then dry mouth, little bit of dizziness, my Dr recommended when you start out to take at night not in the morning, I think this really helped.. now I am taking 1 in the morning and 1 at night and have been for few days, do experience a lot of dizziness and weird feelings, but overall DO NOT THINK ABOUT EATING at all, which is great for me.. This used to be all  I thought about, so I can deal with the side effects. I am down 15 lbs in less then a month with little exercise, but about to do more.. I have about 55 lbs more to go, and really feel I will get there with Contrave.."
"I was on the pill for about 5 years when I got tired of taking them daily. They worked perfectly fine, though - so I decided to explore my other options. I have been on Nexplanon for about 4 months now. I&#039;ve only bled once since insertion, and it was very predictable as my breasts became very tender for 2 weeks prior. The flow itself was light, and I didn&#039;t experience cramps, nausea, nor migraines. My skin didn&#039;t react well at first, but now it&#039;s back to normal. The most negative thing about the implant is that my mood has been down during this entire time. I don&#039;t get excited for anything - whether it be outings, sex, etc. - and I&#039;m very irritable."
"I&#039;m 37 yrs old I have been dealing with severe depression all my life. I have tried every antidepressant medicine under the sun, some were mildly effective but the side effects were worse than the depression. I went to a new doctor and he asked if I have ever tried Xanax. I said no I thought that was used for anxiety. He prescribed me 1.5 mg a day I started noticing a difference the first day. This stuff is amazing been on it for 2 months finally some relief. Its unfortunate its abused so much and so hard to get a doctor to prescribe it. I haven&#039;t had any side effects, I have such a positive outlook on everything now. It has completely changed my life for the better. All the symptoms that come along with depression I had are gone."
"Have controlled my flare ups with Crohn&#039;s, however have experienced more migraines."
"Was prescribed for fainting/low b.p. I started taking this and it made me have involuntary facial expressions and I started fainting repeatedly. Allergic reaction so I had to stop using it immediately."
"Started taking this med for bipolar disorder and it&#039;s been working for 6 months it helps me rest at night. I have tried many other medicines but inconjunction with Wellbutrin antidepressant it seems to be great. I hope I never have another episode again and this will continue to work for me."
"I was diagnosed with Depression when I was 14 years old. Now that I&#039;m 22 I decided to take control. I was basically a guinea pig by trying all sorts of different medicines to help me feel better. I was just recently diagnosed with anxiety and also PTSD. I started to talk to my doctor after my episode and she put me on Fetzima. At first when I started it it made me sick and nauseous and I was constantly so tired. She helped level the medicine out and put me on Wellbutrin to help keep me less tired. With these medicines,I have been on them for 2 months and I can honestly say I feel normal again. I still have negative thoughts but they only last a few seconds. I love Fetzima. It has seriously changed my life for the better."
"Effexor XR 300 mg has really worked well for me.  Although, I am gaining weight.  I previously lost 50 lbs and now it is coming back on.  My doctor thinks it has something to do with all my medicines that I am on for depression, PTSD, anxiety disorder, just to name a few.  I am hesitant of trying a different medicine, but I can&#039;t keep on gaining the weight.  It is too hard on my back."
"I took Wellbutrin several years ago and after about two-three weeks one day I noticed it had been 6 hours since I had even thought of a smoke. I get down to about 2 cigs a day (usually one in the am and one after dinner) so I thought well 1or two a day isn&#039;t going to hurt me but it doesn&#039;t work that way you gradually go back to the old habits. My advise is that moment when you get to the point, put them down right then. Don&#039;t be fooled it will come back if you don&#039;t stop then. So, I went back to my 2 pack a day habit and my Mother recently died from lung cancer (also a smoker).  I have gotten back on the wellbutrin as of yesterday and hope it works as well for me this time."
"I had hundreds of warts all over me. I was advised to use this cream despite the fact that its use on a large scale hadn&#039;t been tested. I&#039;ll admit that it took lots of packets to complete the whole treatment, but in four months, every single wart was completely gone. There wasn&#039;t a single spot left. This cream worked where every other treatment, including surgery, did not."
"I&#039;ve been on 100 mg of Zoloft for 13 years now--though not a perfect fix, it&#039;s helpful, and I&#039;m very thankful for this drug.  

Anxiety runs in my family but was never discussed.  I&#039;m 47 now, looking back I realize that wisps of it ran all through my childhood and youth- I &quot;self-medicated&quot; with alcohol and smoking.  It peaked when I was pregnant and 9/11 went down--midwife urged me to try meds, but I was very stubborn.  I wanted to do it &quot;on my own.&quot; After months of struggle and desperation, I finally gave in. It helped. I could parent and function again.  A couple times since, I&#039;ve tried  to wean myself off  but never successfully--always needed it.   Now I&#039;m at mostly at peace with needing zoloft--wish I didn&#039;t, but I do, and it helps."
"this drug gives a huge boost of mental energy and confidence and is very effective for social anxiety. The downside is that is reduces your appetite and libido, and it makes you feel jittery at its peak. Insomnia is a problem when just beginning but you get used to it after a few days."
"I was prescribed 100mgx3 Gabapentin increased to 300mg x3, worked a little on sweating but after a few months I noticed I had gained weight.  Soon it was spiraling out of control and before I knew it, I had gained almost 20 lbs!
 Discontinued use, (I had no withdrawal). Went back to my normal size in a few weeks and tried to take the Gabapentin again. Seemed okay at first, then the weight came back again. I am also on Amitriptyline, which I saw some one mention earlier. Also had dizziness and difficulty urinating. Nothing is worth the weight gain."
"I started taking this a few weeks ago, I don&#039;t take it everyday because when I do I have watery diarrhea but I&#039;d rather get a good cleaning out every couple days than to be bloated and cramping constantly. I have only tried one dose so maybe with a smaller dose I can control the frequency and consistency. I have been dealing with severe IBS constipation for over 10 years and I have finally found something that actually makes me go without all the cramping and bloating like all the other treatments I have tried! I&#039;ll take a little bit of diarrhea just to not be constipated, it&#039;s a small price to feel better."
"This is AMAZING. 100% worth it! I didn&#039;t think this would work for me, I thought my hyperhidrosis would be too severe but it&#039;s not! I had no burning or itching either and it worked after the next night! I HIGHLY recommend this. Truly life changing."
"The condom broke. We ran out and got Plan B One Step less than 2 hours later. After I took it I had some cramping, headache, dizziness and the urge to urinate more than normal. I must say, this pill is a lifesaver! I did not experience spotting like some people mentioned, but I did get my period one week later. It was actually right on schedule, no delay at all. I&#039;m thankful that us women we have this option out there. I&#039;m so glad I took it right away like it recommends. It works!"
"Zoloft has been a life saver! I have been on this medicine for about 7 years now. Two kids (3 and 6 months) later I still have to use this medicine, and it works miracles. My husband deployed to Afghanistan and I do not think I could of made it through that time while taking care of our kids without this medicine. The only side effects I had were loss of appetite, tired, and mild headaches but that only lasts about a week. If your just starting this medicine hold on I promise this will help you feel like you again!"
"Started this drug 6 weeks ago. Developed headache within days &amp; a productive cough. 3 days ago, developed vomiting and severe headache, worse headache I have ever had in all 59 years of my life. Debilitating. Excruciating pain. Went to ER during episode. Nobody knew what to do. They told me my Dr&#039;s didn&#039;t call them back! I don&#039;t believe that. After giving me Ativan &amp; morphine with zofran chaser.  CT of head normal &amp; blood work normal, the sent me.home. I can&#039;t get up without it coming back.  Idk the med which was working, now I want the massive HA, migraine really, to go away!! I won&#039;t ever take thus drug again! Worse feeling next to MRSA in my bloodsrream, while on Remicade therapy back in 2008!!!"
"I have a Neuro shunt and was put on Keppra before the shunt operation (hydrocephalus). I have noticed the regular Keppra works just as well as the more expensive Keppra XR."
"IT WORKS LADIES!!! Soooo I just started dating this Guy finally after talking for 6 months.. Had sex on my ovulation day. Took pill roughly 40 afterwards. Then had sex the following week and he came inside me so panicking again took the pill 23 hours later. First time didn&#039;t feel any side effects but tiredness. The second time my boobs were tender, my back aches, I cramped really bad, and had headaches. Lol it&#039;s funny that as soon as I was about to take a pregnancy test, I went to the bathroom and saw RED! I took it still but it was negative obviously. Period was two days early but I&#039;m just glad it came on today!"
"I have been taking the pill for about three month it&#039;s been a huge difference. I felt a few symptoms but nothing to severe but I like to say thanks."
"The first day I took an 18mg pill. I was tired during the day, so I stopped. My doctor suggested I try again, this time taking 5mg before bed. After a few days of feeling tired all day, I realized something was very wrong. I also read that there is a possible interaction with Wellbutrin XL, which I am also taking. I stopped the Strattera and am back to &quot;normal&quot; again."
"I am on day 5 of Movantix. NO help with BM at all! Light headed is the only side effect. I feel this med is working against me causing even more constipation. Even much less gas passing! I take Norco daily for pain for 4 yrs now, and the constipation/impactedness is worsening! Been to hospital twice recently for relief. Stomach bloating is worse too on this med. I&#039;m calling it quits as today&#039;s dose gave me bad headaches with the dizziness. No relief or success with the Movantix. I actually feel worse! Insur did not cover either. I will keep looking for methods of relief. MiraLAX works on and off. I have found a daily probiotic helps but not continously however I couldn&#039;t imagine not having it...best of luck to all"
"I have had trouble staying asleep for several years and have often had trouble being drowsy at work or while driving. I didn&#039;t expect much from Belsomra after reading about it, but the 20 mg tablets worked like a miracle. It seems that Belsomra doesn&#039;t so much put me to sleep as lets me sleep. I was usually able get back to sleep without any trouble when awakened in the middle of the night, but could function if I had to. I do feel a little &quot;zoned&quot; at night, but nothing like the effects of other drugs. I have no &quot;hangover&quot; the next day, and I feel more alert and energetic than I have for a long time.

Given other people&#039;s reviews, perhaps this drug is not for everyone, but for me it works very well and may be worth giving a it try."
"Well, it&#039;s been about 8 months now since being prescribed 10 mg Nortriptyline HCL.
I take it once a day before bed. 
I also take Dicetel 50 mg up to 3 X a day although most days I don&#039;t even feel the need to take it. 
It does help though when I take it. Before meals. 
I&#039;ve had IBS for close to 20 years. I was ALWAYS afraid to go out to eat. I&#039;d always make reasons to get out of going out with friends. 
It literally ran my life 
I&#039;ve felt better since the start and wish I&#039;ve been given this years ago. 
This has 98% worked for me &amp; I would suggest it to anyone to try it!

Good luck"
" My doc thought I would be fine with this with no kids, also selling the idea of almost no period. Insertion wasn&#039;t too bad, Xanax and 1000mg of ibuprofen, made it a piece of cake. Barely spotted for 5 days and thought it was amazing.
I heavily bled for 63 days straight after those blissful five days. I had debilitating cramps, taking at least 2000mg of ibuprofen a day half the time. Day and night sweats, stress and anxiety out of nowhere, sleepless nights. Since then, I get my period for 9 days, AFTER about 4 days of spotting. Then 2 weeks it starts all over again. I bleed after sex. Turns out it made my body go through pre menopause... At 28 yrs old. Making an appt tomorrow to remove!"
"Tried 10mg of Belsomra last night for the first time and had an awful experience.    This drug causes very concerning effects.    I am a 55 year old engineer and have struggled with insomnia for 6 months.    I had been taking Ambien  which I have become dependent on and want to get off so I tried Belsomra.    I do not take any other drugs at all..    About 3 hours after taking the Belsomra I finally fell asleep and had a very strange dream which I awoke from and experienced sleep paralysis.    It lasted 20 seconds or so and was terrifying.    I then fell asleep again,  did not dream and awoke 15 minutes later with the same paralysis experience.  I could not move my body but was I was awake.  I will never take this drug again."
"I am 56 years old had no energy, gained a lot of weight, woke up sweating at night. Felt terrible. It took me 5 doctors but the last one said it was obviously estrogen deficiency. I have been taking the Mylan 0.05 mg transdermal patch and I feel reborn. I have energy. I&#039;m not hot. I feel great. Only problem is the patches don&#039;t stay on. It may force me to change brands or something. They did stay on the first month when the temperatures were cooler but now that it is warmer and I am sweating they are falling off. Plus I exercise a lot which I am sure is contributing to this."
"I had underlying anxiety - constantly wanting to hide in bed - random crying - high intensity job - mind wouldn&#039;t shut off. Told doctor - she said this had helped many clients - by my 2nd day on 1/4 of the largest pill size -  I felt at ease and pretty carefree. My life is 75% easier to take and I&#039;m able to get through life with a smile. Very happy. "
"Hey guys! I wonder if the release dates of Zubsolv and Suboxone were reversed and Zubsolv came out 1st would all these stories be the same.I had been on pain pills since 2009, with severe neck and back pain from a oil tanker accident. Oct 2016 after all the pain clinics started closing and I got fed up with withdrawals. I started buying subutex, they weren&#039;t the greatest but I wasn&#039;t sick. Then I found another friend to buy strips from. I was talking 2-3 a day. In Feb 2017 I found a clinic and my insurance only covers Zubsolv. I felt 4 sure they wouldn&#039;t work. 1st couple months I kept using, Dr told me give 1 month clean and see. Well it&#039;s been 4, I feel great!! I&#039;m on 8.6am and 5.7pm! Can hold my wifes script for oxy 15mg and NOT TOUCH THEM!"
"I am 28 and have struggled with acne for 13 years. I had tried everything (benzoyl peroxide products flared my acne). I recently became a dermatology nurse, where I was fortunate enough to sample Aczone. I am so happy I did. My skin feels smoother and I haven&#039;t had any significant pimples since I started using the gel. I only apply it 3- 4 times a week. It even keeps away menstrual breakouts. I love this product!"
"This medication made me very anxious and caused panic attacks."
"I have had anxiety for over 40 years and I never thought I would feel like this. Paxil has help me a lot and I wish I had taken if earlier. It help me with my anxiety being about 80% less. I&#039;m not as compulsive now. I lost 20 pds because I was not as anxious and eating all the time."
"I have been taking this medicine for one n half months. I have seen a lot of side effects as others do like short temper, extremely dry lips chest pain, joint pain n irregular sleep, apart from that it does work on acne. When I started taking this drug my skin was bumped with pimples n blackheads all over my face. Till now most of them are gone but they left deep scars n redness on my cheeks ."
"Just started this. It sure does knock the itch out BUT. Whew. I took it at 11 AM and crashed at 2PM. 

I&#039;m sure, like most things, after a week or so the drowsy thing goes away. Gravol(Dimenhydrinate) used to do the same thing to me. Now it has zero drowsy effect on me. It&#039;s great for the guts but not near as good as Hydroxyzine for itching. "
"I had tried everything for irritable bowel syndrome -- cholonic treatments; stool softeners; magnesium; stimulant laxatives.  The list is endless, but until I went on Amitiza, nothing worked well.  I take the larger dosage at bedtime -- very mild nausea occasionally, but at least one bowel movement daily.  This medication has literally been a life-saver."
"I honestly can&#039;t remember how long I&#039;ve been on Xenical , about close to two months I&#039;m guessing. I&#039;ve had the oily poo but it does depend on what I eat. I haven&#039;t been exercising but I know I&#039;ve lost some weight. I&#039;m just too scared to check how much. From tomorrow I&#039;m going to make sure that I&#039;m walking more and exercising as well."
"Used in combination with other diabetes meds, this works great! I can eat a full carb dinner and wake up with fastings in normal range (110)."
"I&#039;m so happy Plan B helped me! I took a pill after 30 hours unprotected sex and I had my period in a week."
"Mirena insertion was extremely painfully, but after having it in for almost 2 years, I had it removed due to the hormones causing extreme migraines. Since I had it removed, I have lost 10 pound (which during the time of insertion I gained 50lbs) and my acne has cleared up. "
"Kept my schizophrenia in check but way too sedating. Gained 20 pounds in 6 months, hard to wake up in morning, going to try something else."
"I ended up getting a big bursitis on my elbow, arthritis, muscle weakness and skeletal pain throughout my body, real bad sweats and no sex drive while taking citalopram.                                

Musculoskeletal system side effects including arthralgia (2%) and myalgia (2%) have been reported. Arthritis, muscle weakness, and skeletal pain have been reported infrequently. Bursitis and osteoporosis have rarely been reported. Rhabdomyolysis has been reported to be temporally associated with citalopram treatment."
"For years I suffered from anxiety attacks, depression and severe insomnia. I was prescribed many different drugs in the past but nothing helped me sleep. I was started on 30mgs at bedtime. It helped me sleep a bit better but still not all night. After 1 month of taking 30mg of Remeron my doctor decreased dosage to 15mgs. Amazing. A full nights sleep. Waking near sunrise! What a gift! The increased appetite was much worse on 30mgs. Since the dosage is now 15mgs the increased appetite is not nearly as bad. My anxiety attacks are few and far between and I don&#039;t feel groggy when I wake now. In the beginning I did. I have been on the medicines for about 4 months and am very happy with it. Just wish a doctor had prescribed it to me a long time ago. Best of luck!"
"At first, this medication seemed great.  After a month or so I started breaking out more than ever.  I went back to using Metrocream and haven&#039;t had a serious breakout in years."
"I&#039;m a 37 year old female recently diagnosis with low risk HPV or genital warts. After much crying about this diagnosis my doctor decided Aldara would be best so I could see the warts start to disappear. I chose Mon, Wed and Friday to be my treatment days. It&#039;s been one week and I can no longer see or feel any warts and I am both amazed and relieved!  I will continue to use this product for additional week just to make sure everything has cleared.  Thank you Aldara! I read some horror stories concerning the side effects and I&#039;m guessing I&#039;m one of the lucky one cause I never had any real severe side effects. I did have slight irritation, redness of skin, and very mild itching. Aldara worked for me!!!"
"I suffer from social anxiety, separation anxiety. My doctor recommended zoloft. I was on a regular dose not sure now much that was. After taking it I felt terrible I had a horrible pain in my chest and I couldn&#039;t breath. The pain in my chest went all the way up my throat. I went back to my doctor and she suggested a lower dose. Once again I took the pill and the pain was still terrible. I personally had a terrible experience with zoloft."
"I&#039;m a diabetic with neuropathy, my endocrinologist put me on methadone to combat the extremely severe burning sensation associated with neuropathy about 5 years ago, and... HOLY TOLEDO! Methadone won the war! That med is so effective I often forget I have diabetes. I take four, 10mg tabs daily, and it has nearly ended the painful part of diabetes."
"I would be about half awake and find myself struggling to find my way through the house.  I experienced a full fledged panic attack for 4 or 5 nights after waking during the night."
"I recieved my Skyla a month ago. I am 27 years old, single, and do not want children. My doctor was enthusiastic about my decision, she answered all my questions and reassured me it was safe and effective. My experience wasn&#039;t awful, but it also wasn&#039;t fun. She had a hard time opening my cervix (I am petite at 4&#039;11&quot; 120 lbs), so the process took a bit longer. The moment it opened, I yelped and felt the worst cramp of my life. She counted down from 10 and she was done. I was lightheaded and shaky after insertion. The rest of the day my cramping peaked at a 6 on the pain scale and subsided each day after. No spotting, period was on time with minimal cramping. So far no hormonal side effects or pain. I&#039;m VERY happy with my Skyla!"
"Lost 21 pounds in 3 weeks; had no appetite most of the day. ate a regular meal at dinnertime"
"I agree this product will make you drop the pounds. I took it a few years ago to lose weight after having a baby. In 6 weeks I lost 17 lbs. I have gained that wieght back plus more. I&#039;ve decided to try it again. I have so much energy I can&#039;t sit still. The down side is I can&#039;t concentrate. I&#039;m very moody. I can&#039;t fall asleep for at least an hour after going to bed. Sometimes I can feel my heart beating to fast. If I don&#039;t start showing serious weight loss I may stop taking it because of all the side effects."
"This works great. I take it for back spasm but also for cluster headaches. I had a stroke several years ago at age 28 years, so I am limited in what medicines I can take due to my medical history. My doctor has me take more than I need for back spasm/pain. I was warned it would make me sleepy and usually does, but in that time my headache/pain goes away almost completely. It is wonderful, especially since it is not a controlled substance. I&#039;d rather take this for both conditions than the 100mg Demerol every 4 hours I was on for several years. Not only don&#039;t I miss the injections, but since it does not have the side effects and addiction I can do more since I can think more clearly and function more."
"The best medicine"
"I have had numerous teeth pulled recently, getting ready for dentures and first I was prescribed Demerol which made me feel ill and personally I still felt pain. Then it was Percocet which worked great for pain but made me itch. Finally Vicodin 5 mg which I had to take 1 and a half to knock out all the pain. My dentist tried Vicoprophen 7.5 which worked absolutely perfectly but was a bit expensive compared to regular Vicodin. Well he prescribed Vicodin 7.5/500 and 1 tablet works wonders. I was told that I could take 2 at a time if needed but so far 1 seems to work for about 5 hours. I was told that I could build up a quick tolerance to the drug so I take 800 mg ibuprofen unless I really need the Vicodin."
"Several years ago I was prescribed Abilify as an add on to my Paxil 50 mg. Which I&#039;ve been taking for 24 yrs for Major Depression. It was amazing. I was so happy. I became interested again in things that I used to enjoy. Unfortunately my only bad side effect was that it made me cry for absolutely no reason. I could be talking to someone about anything at all, and the tears would start. I had to stop taking it because nobody wanted to be around me anymore. My doctor has never heard of this happening with Abilify. Lucky me."
"I began taking buspar about six weeks ago. I am not a fan of benzos because they are addictive, I prefer to function with a clear head rather than popping a pill that sedates me so badly that maybe I&#039;m not feeling my anxiety, but I&#039;m also not living my life or doing much else either. Buspar has changed my life, I had completely forgotten what it was like to have a quiet mind until now. My obsessive thoughts subsided, I can leave my house without fear, I can speak to my friends and to strangers without profusely sweating and trembling, and I can drive again now that I&#039;m not so easily stimulated. It takes a few weeks to feel the full effect, so hang in there if you just began."
"This drug was a miracle for me! I was very skeptical on taking these because of the horrible reviews that are out there. I went to my doctor and he prescribed me Azithromycin. It did nothing for me. My ear got really inflammed and I was half deaf in my ear. Fluid was blocked up. I went back to the doctor 2 days later (Wednesday) and he prescribed me steroids, to get rid of the inflammation, and he gave me Avelox. He told me to start Avelox Saturday, if needed. Saturday came and I seemed to be better. I didn&#039;t take it. Sunday came and the ear pain came back. I took Avelox and my ear infection feels like it&#039;s 80% healed! It&#039;s been about 29 hours since I took the first pill and my ear feels amazing! NO side effects!"
"I&#039;ve only been taking aviane for 2 and a half weeks, but so far the only side effect I have had was the first 3 days or so, I had mild to severe headaches the next morning, I take my pills at night. Haven&#039;t had an headaches since then, i have noticed an increase in my sex drive, which isn&#039;t a bad thing"
"Good - in combination with gabapentin and hydrocodone for neuropathic pain."
"I&#039;m 48 and have the capacity of an 81 year old woman due to years of smoking.  I have smoked very few cigarettes since last week when I found out how bad my lungs are and thanks to hardly smoking and the Spiriva I am doing MUCH better!  Only side effect is a REALLY itchy nose/dry sinuses/stuffy (really stuffy) nose...but it&#039;s much better to be able to take a deep breath and function again!  Side effects are nothing compared to gasping for air! Love Spiriva!"
"Currently on Crestor 20mg but I cut it in half and only take maybe twice/week and experiencing mild joint aches, upset stomach in the AM hours after taking before bedtime the night before. I also tend to forget minor things such as keys in the truck, lunch in the fridge for work but not to often. I am 44 years old and have been on med for about 3 years now. I believe I will ask doctor to prescribe a milder med if possible on my next appointment."
"After 3 weeks of pain from a kidney stone the  doctor prescribed flomax. Took one tablet and passed it in an hour. Could not believe it. Brilliant stuff."
"My 1st 12mg injection cramped me severly with sweting &amp; nausa.got to go about 20mins later had been 4 days. Have been on pain meds for 21yrs and finally found this medicine. Getting ready for 2nd injection hope the cramping aint as bad as the first time."
"Do not take this if pill but  if you do take just one!"
"I read all of these nightmare reviews and had myself worked into a frenzy by the time I went in for my appointment. Y&#039;all...it is NOT a big deal. I was in and out of the office in less than 10 minutes. There was one slight pinch. My doctor asked me to cough; I was so surprised and distracted by the request that by the time I realized I was in pain, it was over. My cramps afterward were very mild and bleeding has been extremely minimal. I&#039;m very happy and wish I had done this 5 years ago. Certainly would have saved me from a lot of missed pill drama and having to Plan B it."
"WOW, after years of having wet shirts, I was dry the day after I used it. It has changed my life."
"At first amitriptyline helped me sleep and for the first two nights I slept thoroughly. Now I&#039;m having the opposite effect and it gives me insomnia as most SSRI&#039;s do. Now if I take even 10 mg it is almost impossible to sleep that night and difficult to sleep for the next 3 days. It&#039;s been 3 or 4 days since I&#039;ve taken it and I still feel like it&#039;s interfering with my sleep. If you&#039;re sensitive to SSRI&#039;s do not take this for insomnia."
"Tried lots of different pills after the one I was on was discontinued and nothing worked for me so I stopped trying for about 3 years. When my doctor suggested the pill for acne I said sure why not. This pill is one of the few I don&#039;t have spotting or crazy 3 week periods with. The only downside is that I find my cramps are 10x worse, and I have gained some weight, I&#039;ve especially seen that my breasts have grown. My acne has been a lot better and my periods are more normal although they do last a bit longer, my mood has also been consistent. Overall, I have had a good experience and happy to have normal, predictable periods."
"Have slow pulse plus atrial fibrillation-since newly diagnosed 2010 have been happy with results.Pulse beating much stronger and regular beat more frequently.  My husband takes for high blood pressure and atrial fibrillation and a much higher dose than I take.  He has been on it for a long time with excellent results.  Beta Blockers and other blood pressure pills did not seem to work for him.  All our bodies are different and respond to medication differently, but we are both satisfied."
"This is my 3rd day on contrave and the side effects are what are worrying me. Severe nausea comes and goes throughout the day. Sometimes it gets so bad I can&#039;t even get up and move around. I have also had sporadic hot flashes and excessive sweating. The worst side effect I saw it was on the first and second day hello when I would have terrible drowsiness to the point where I had to hold my eyelids open just stay alert and aware of my surroundings. I&#039;m not going to stop taking the medication but I&#039;m worried because my doctor prescribed for me to increase a pill each week until I am on 4 pills a day. I&#039;m a female, 25 years old, 5&#039;3 &amp; weigh 253lbs. Is this too intense of an increase? Suggestions are appreciated."
"I was severely anemic, with muscle cramping throughout my body. Restless legs at night and tingling in my fingers. I had chest pain, and my memory and focus were off.  All of my symptoms completely disappeared and I could sleep through the night for the first time in years.  I regained my energy and felt alive again. I had no side effects at all.  Saw immediate results.  I took one pill twice a day, with orange juice."
"I had my first Implanon inserted March 2007.  As a professional ballroom dancer my doctor and I agreed that it would be the best form of contraception with the added benefit that my cycle could be eliminated. I had my second implant inserted last week. As I have not read any reviews on the removal or reinsertion, I thought I would share mine.  The removal process took a bit longer, the doctor made a small lengthwise incision, then she attempted to pull the plastic rod out...however, during the course of the 3 years, tissue had grown around the implant making it a little difficult to pull out. This tugging was painful; however, not unbearable.  She then inserted the replacement implant quicker than I could notice. Good to go for 3 years."
"The first three weeks on cryselle were pretty awful. I had headaches and stomach pain constantly. But after the first three weeks, all of that ended &amp; now I take it without any issues. As long as you get through those three weeks &amp; stick it out it&#039;s awesome! I&#039;ve lost weight, my periods are light and short &amp; my acne is gone. Definitely recommend this! Just push through those first three weeks!"
"About 6 months in I began getting a little moody, but didn&#039;t think much of it. My periods have begun to get really heavy and I never know when they are going to stop or start. Sometimes it will last 4 or 5 days and sometimes I&#039;ll have my period for a month straight. My mood swings are absolutely terrible lately and I&#039;ve  had some depression (I&#039;m generally a very happy person). I have headaches regularly and have pregnancy symptoms all the time, such as sore breasts, spotting, bloating, and nausea. My boyfriend and I have barely been able to have sex because of the almost constant period, so no wonder you don&#039;t get pregnant! And my sex drive is much lower after getting it inserted."
"My Doctor prescribed me this medication and on the first night I took it I had bad nausea. I told my doctor about it and decided to give it another chance a few days later. The second time it caused nausea, heartburn and left an acid feel in my mouth so I don&#039;t know if it works for other people but the side effects weren&#039;t worth it. "
"I have been taking Orlistat on prescription for about 5 months now adding total I have lost 3 stone I have cut out full fat milk and still have the odd chocolate bar and takeaway. It is brilliant. Now and again u can feel a bit bloated then once you have been to the toilet u feel a whole lot lighter absolutely brilliant drug."
"My son was diagnosed with Autism, however he has symptoms of ADHD but is not. The ADHD meds. just made things worse for him so the Dr. gave me Strattera to try 10mg and it helped, I kept wondering why he could take this but not other ADHD meds. his pediatrician told me it is an antidepressant that was discovered to have a calming effect, and if it makes him tired take it at bedtime. It is very expensive but helps we have not been able to increase the dose, but kids on the spectrum are difficult to medicate."
"I know one week of treatment is not a fair chance to give a medication to judge its effectiveness, I&#039;m only reviewing the side effects. I was on the 50mg dose and the first 2-3 days were fine; no side effects noticed. However, my appetite significantly decreased to the point where I had to force myself to eat or I would go an entire day without eating. And I couldn&#039;t eat much when I did eat. I had cloudy urine and didn&#039;t have a strong flow; which made me think I had a UTI without the burning. Lower abdominal pain, some diarrhea. Lethargic all the time, no motivation to do anything. Not depressed, just didn&#039;t wanna get out of bed. Felt sleepy but couldn&#039;t sleep even with sleep mess. When I did sleep, it was very broken."
"I loved it !!"
"I have been on Campral for about 3 1/2 months.  I went to detox and was prescribed it there.  I have nothing but good things to say about it.  I have zero side effects and I have not touched alcohol since I went to detox.  I have zero craving and I have my life back. I was so sick when I finally got help, that feeling good again makes me smile every single day. I have now cut down my dosage to only 2 times a day and I am still free of any craving. Like others have said, I don&#039;t know what it does, but instead of struggling every day not to drink, I have zero cravings to ever drink again!"
"Normally I would never write a review on a drug, but I&#039;ve had such a positive experience with sertraline that I really want to help others with my experience. I&#039;ve always suffered with severe anxiety &amp; low mood, particularly in winter. I had a rough time with my PhD not going to plan several months ago &amp; started to feel worse and worse, feeling anxious and panicky all the time. After cbt failed to work, I finally agreed to try sertraline. I was terrified of taking drugs, terrified of side effects and feeling worse. Started on 50mg, had a little nausea and anxiety but not too bad. After 3 weeks my doctor upped me to 100mg. 3 months later &amp; my anxiety has almost entirely gone &amp; my mood is always good! I&#039;m so happy I gave this drug a chance!"
"Worked quickly and effectively for my sciatica."
"Great eye drop. The irritating itches and redness in my eye went away in a few minutes every time when I used it. I have been using this eye drop for &gt;2 years now!"
"I am 47 years old I have been taking cialis 20 mg for last 4 years and it was given me rock rock hard erection 95% of the time after Cialis my life very Colorful and very enjoyable I m very confidant in front of my girlfriend 25"
"Treating for high (and increasing) IR. Two weeks of .75 and just did first 1.5 today.

Biggest thing I noticed is...it takes a really long time for me to be hungry again after a meal. Reading the effects, it makes sense. One of the effects of the medicine is to slow down stomach clearing. So, I ate a reasonable dinner on Monday night...Yogurt Tuesday that I could barely finish. Yogurt Wednesday. Thursday night, another reasonable dinner. Friday and Saturday yogurt, Sunday soup and salad...and very seldom do I get hungry. Down 5 lbs in 2 weeks (from 182 to 177). No nausea, but I did have a few bouts where I felt a little cramping. No bad stools (actually, with so little eating, very few stools at all). Won&#039;t retest for IR until September."
"I LOVED smoking and tried several times to go cold turkey and failed miserably. And I tried Chantix twice before it actually worked. The first two times I was given just the starter packet because I was having surgery and I smoked right through those. The third time I was given the full regiment and by the beginning of the third packet I no longer had a craving to smoke. And get this my friends my pardner is a heavy smoker and still I don&#039;t feel the cravings. Of course we never have smoked in the house which is a blessing ( I don&#039;t have smokey walls and windows to clean). And I was a two to three pack a day smoker. It&#039;s been a year and I can honestly say I&#039;m a non-smoker. Thank you Chantix!"
"I was put on klonopin at age 17. I took it as prescribed for 20 years, going from 0. 5mgs to 3-4mgs a day. While it worked great for anxiety and insomnia, I wish I had never taken this medication. Last year I was detoxed off of it. When I tapered off I didn&#039;t sleep at all for 11 days. After that I had extreme anxiety and agitation. I couldn&#039;t sit still for months, I had to take a non addictive medication to be able to sleep at all. I was unable to eat well for months. 
Doctors don&#039;t think to tell you that this medication makes you physically dependant. You cannot stop abruptly or you risk seizures. It is made for short term use, about 2 weeks. I wish I had never taken this medication. I will never take another benzodiazapine again."
"FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT USE THIS. It shouldn&#039;t even be on the shelves unless you enjoy the feeling of sulfuric acid burning the inside of your vagina. Luckily I read the reviews and took it out before it got doctors office worthy bad like some other people."
"I started 10 weeks ago and saw an immediate drop in my home testing glucose levels, from double figure mmol readings to 4/7mmol after fasting.  I had no side effects at all for the first four weeks but subsequently suffered terrible nausea, overnight hypos, skin rash and the most revolting sulphur/egg-smelling burps (cured immediately by Alka Seltzer if anyone else has the same problem!)  I&#039;ve noticed no reduction in appetite (except when nausea has prevented me from eating at all) but had already reduced my intake to 1200 calories a day in an effort to lose weight. If anything, Bydureon is hindering my weight loss. I often see no loss after a week of eating like Snow White, which is disappointing. Overall delighted though."
"I got liletta in August, so it&rsquo;s been about three months. The insertion was terrible, I nearly passed out and had to lay and regain my strength for about fifteen minutes afterwards. And the cramps after inserting and for the next couple of days were excruciating. After 2 days my cramps did stop and I felt okay. My periods have been spotty and irregular and last about 10 days, but this month I haven&rsquo;t had one at all so far so I&rsquo;m hoping they stop all together. Only symptom I have from it now is pretty painful cramps but it&rsquo;s nothing a painkiller can&rsquo;t relieve."
"I only had the iud put in yesterday so my review is only regarding insertion because I seem to have had a very different experience than other women here. I may have a low pain threshold but my word it was absolutely horrendous. I was given heavy ibuprofen about 10 mins before and was in a jolly mood, excited to finally get this and dump the pill, but found the entire process painful. My doctor was incredible and so were the nurses but I reacted like a mad woman, screaming and crying like I never have before really. When I apologized to the dr for my actions she said I wasn&#039;t even on the list of the &#039;screamers&#039; she had seen that day. So just a warning- this is NOT a &#039;bearable&#039; experience for everyone. Still glad I did it."
"Hello all! I started zoloft 4 years ago (at age 22) for GAD/panic. The first 3/5 weeks I wanted to die from the side effects- extreme nausea, lack of appitite (lost 15 lbs on my 125lb frame) cold sweats, anxiety increase,  insomnia,  and feeling overall HOPELESS! I started on 50 mg and increased to a therapeutic level of 100mg. Over the last 4 years I have been on top of the world traveling, camping, building a home and have slowly decreased my zoloft to 12.5mg a day for the past year. 3 weeks ago I got lazy about taking my medicine and didn&#039;t take it for 3 or 4 days in a row, then remembered and started taking it again. 2 days later it was like I was starting from square 1(all the same effects) Don&#039;t fix what isn&#039;t broken-don&#039;t stop zoloft"
"Though I have only been on Aviane for a week, I just wanted to say that it&#039;s great! My breasts got bigger within a day or two of starting the pill. They&#039;re a bit sore but it&#039;s nothing horrible. I have occasional cramps but they are infrequent and only last a few seconds. I have noticed that I am hungry a lot more often but the key to not gaining weight on birth control is to not give in to the increased tummy rumbles. I had a little bit of stomach bloating the first three or so days of starting the pill but it&#039;s subsided now. 
One more huge benefit I&#039;ve noticed is that within a day of taking the pill, my mood did a complete 180. I have noticed that, since staring Aviane, I am a lot happier and optimistic. It&#039;s great! I highly recommend this pill!"
"I have been on remeron, lamictal, strattera and for almost a year. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder, adult ADHD and ptsd.  In August I was present when my best friend of 36 years years passed away from cancer. Needless to say that grief combined with MDD had me in a very bad space in my head.  I Went to my doctor and he suggested abilify as an add on to the remeron, I was already on 45mg and he refused to increase. He also prescribed buspar as a prn for my anxiety.  With in days the dark pit I was in closed up and I was able to breathe again. Although still grieving it comes in manageable waves now instead of being 24/7. I have had very minimal side effects and take 5mgs in the morning.  I would recommend this medication"
"I&#039;m 26 and have suffered with acne since my early teens. Sometimes mild other times I&#039;ve not wanted to walk out the door. In recent years I&#039;ve been diagnosed with polycystic ovaries syndrome, which has a side effect of acne. After years of trying so many creams, washes, old wives tales, etc. my doc finally gave me Duac! AMAZING! My chin was severely swollen with spots that were red raw. After a week of use it was like a miracle! If I could upload my pics I so would. My skin was near perfect. I now use Duac along with Proactiv 1,2,3 kit and my skin has never looked so good. I even get so many compliments and I feel confident now.
I highly recommend! Good luck!"
"After becoming allergic to Metformin for my type 2 diabetes, I began taking the Bydureon 2mg shot once weekly.
I&#039;ve been on it for 10 months now &amp; must say it has changed my life.  My A1C is now 5 ... *claps*
My side effects have been:  knots at the injection site and sulfur burps ... *ack*
But overall I&#039;m thrilled with Bydureon."
"Does absolutely nothing I take the 20MG dose along with 4 alieve a day and 4-6 Tylenol.The Hysingla ER did nothing to help.
All it does is make me very sleepy 4-5 hour after i take it threw the rest of the day.
I mean so sleepy i wouldn&#039;t want to try to drive a car."
"I&#039;ve had bad skin since 4th grade, I never did anything about it I would just wear makeup and coverup, last year in grade 9 I went on the pill for my skin, it completely cleared the acne on my back and chest but my face was still bad. I eventually got put on differin gel, and within the first week my skin was clear for the first time! But I began getting a red rash on my face and my skin was peeling and very sensitive to anything else I put on there, even my makeup. I&#039;ve now been using it for about 4 months, to anyone who is looking to go on differin gel I highly recommend it, but do not judge your skin within the first few weeks because your skin will be getting used to it. I now have completely clear skin and am very happy."
"At first it helped with pain and fatigue but after two years, bad side effects.  Hot flashes, not hormonal, pain, fatigue etc.  Trying to stop taking it but having lots of leg cramps while titrating off. Good luck all!"
"Dizziness for a couple of days as I adjusted to it then again had dizziness for a couple of days as dosage was later increased to 1200mg per day. Slept well, but was tired early and required going to bed about an hour earlier. Took for five years. Unfortunately it did not eliminate all seizures. Had several absence seizures requiring that I change medication."
"I am currently on my 3rd month and every Month I have had 2 horrible periods.  I have never experienced  such heavy painful.periods while on birth control.pills. I take my pills at the same time every night so that is not the problem.  I have also been having some  emotional  issues  which may or may not be related.

I will be talking g to my Dr about switching"
"Getting on birth control was my last resort in trying to get rid of my terrible cystic, hormonal acne. The kind that looked even worse under makeup. I tried EVERYTHING to get rid of it. I even took special woman&#039;s vitamins called vitex which made me have a full body itch for two straight weeks even after I quit using it. Since I knew that my acne was hormonal because of it&#039;s location and the irregularity of my periods, I broke down and went to the gynecologist (even though I was terrified). It turned out that I had high levels of testosterone. Even after 2 months, I saw results. After 4 months, I can happily say that I only get 1 or 2 pimples a month as opposed to the usual 10 or more! Now I just have to deal with the post-acne red marks.:("
"I had Kyleena inserted in May and my periods have been getting better lasting just 1 week every month.  The only con there is to it is just getting it put in you will cuss like a sailor because of the pain, but luckily it doesn&#039;t last more than a minute and I never had a baby before.  My partner doesn&#039;t feel it during sex, I had no mood changes, no acne, no weight gain, it&#039;s the best birth control ever!! I will get it again in 5 years"
"I&#039;m 14 years old, and 2 weeks ago, the very next  Day of my homecoming I started feeling sick with pain on my right side of my stomach so the next day I go to the doctor and I get an ultrasound but they can&#039;t find my appendix. So two days later I have fever and diarrhea so I go to the hospital. In the hospital they do a CT scan which made my whole body feel warm.  They then tell me that I have appendicitis and they insert many antibiotics in my IV &amp; tell me  that they are going to have to drain the pus from the appendicitis by inserting a tube inside of my stomach. So when they started treating me with antibiotics to make some of the infection to go away they see a lot of improvement so they decide that they are not going to be draining."
"Started taking  generic Singulair  on 7/26/17 by 8/02/17 I started having vivid dreams only at bedtime and every night until today when I called my doctor and got the medication changed. For just under a week every single night I couldn&#039;t tell if I was awake or dreaming. The first night it happened I was cuddled up with my husband sleeping on his chest and I woke myself up snoring when I apologized to my husband for snoring so loud he said I wasn&#039;t snoring. I fell asleep again within ten minutes and thought I was still awake and I swore I saw a spider on the sheets by my face on my husband. I jumped up yelling spider woke myself up and freaked out my husband because there was no spider, I had dreamt the whole thing. It only got worse"
"I am a person who has suffered from constant yeast infections for a long time.If you stared too hard at me I might catch one .Everything irritated me from body wash/jacuzzi water/ or anything with a scent would have me right back in the dr&#039;s office. I usually prefer diflucan pills because it works but I wanted to try a different route because even though diflucan gets rid of the problem,it seems to always come back.I bought these pills from a local Walgreens and I took one orally and it did make me feel a little weird and I inserted one vaginally but it did not hurt.Slight stinging every so often but it&#039;s nothing major.I hope this works !"
"I have a Traumatic Brain Injury. I asked for Tylenol for pain and they came back with this. It worked very well. Maybe a little too well!"
"This Med is a wonder drug it has kept my highs normal and my lows alot better. I am not suicidal anymore i am nowhere near as depressed as i was. my moods have been the same a couple mood swings but i am only on 3mg so i still have some room to go up its the best medicine out there i have been on alot of them."
"I started on humira a year after my diagnosis and felt better overnight.  It wasn&#039;t the pain that was doing me in it was the total lack of energy and not feeling like myself.  I finally felt normal again.  My doctor wanted me to also take methotrexate but the oral pills caused almost constant vomiting.  After my wrist problems I tried the methotrexate again with no success so was put on enbrel.  I had some minor skin infections on humira but never ran a a fever and could always be cleared up.  So after almost 3 years on humira I was switched to enbrel.  My energy plummeted, although I had no pain or flares just constant respiratory infections with fevers.  I was put on sub q meth and humira and energy returned.  I am so much happier!"
"nerve pain, tingling, painful tension, numbness in face, headaches, shoulder and ear pain, &quot;zaps&quot; in face due to really bad TMJ for 11 months. That caused a major depression and extreme anxiety &amp; insomnia. After I was hospitalized for a brain surgery (different story, not related) and the doctors heard about my story the pain management department got involved &amp; rx&#039;d Gaba &amp; Opipramol (Germany). Immediate relieve of 95% of my symptoms with the first dose of 300 mg. I went up to 300 2x daily and was back to my old self within a week. After a horrific dentist app 8 months later I was left with tons of more pain &amp; had to goto 2400mg to feel effects on pain, despite Gaba fell in deep depression, anxiety etc.Just added nortriptyline &amp; see...."
"I&#039;ve been on it for 3 months now &amp; I love it , period is much lighter ."
"this drug actually helped me lose weight for some reason I exercise everyday and my diet has never been particularly bad but I wouldn&#039;t say it&#039;s good either and Ivery lost about 20 pounds since starting the drug. my acne is gone. occasional moodiness at the beginning of starting the medicine about 3 months ago but that evened out once my body got used to it."
"I have used Cialis for 5 yrs with great success since age 57. I cut 20 mg into 6 doses that last about 24 hrs each. Enables me to keep a strong erection for 45-60 minutes."
"I got this shot a few weeks ago and my side effects are already horrible. I had anxiety before but now it&#039;s so much worse. My mood swings are unreal and my breasts have been so tender to the point where I can&#039;t touch them at all and they&#039;ve grown a ton. Not to mention the few pounds I&#039;ve already put on in the short time. I will never take the shot again. I don&#039;t recommend this form at all. Once you get the shot, not matter how miserable the effects are you can&#039;t do anything about it. Going back onto the pill once this wears off."
"I am a 18 year old girl that made a stupid mistake. My boyfriend and I never have unprotected sex but on November 3rd  we did. I got my period October 28 and I was just finishing up my period the day we had unprotected sex. We ran to get plan b about an hour after that accident. I googled everything about plan b and I saw that apparently there is a 165 pound weight limit and I am really scared cause I&#039;m over that. "
"At first I was hesitant because of the price w/o ins (over $100 a bottle) and some people can develop a serious rash. However, after some contemplation, and knowing that the lithium I was taking was not helping my bi-polar depression, and knowing Lamictal helps increase energy, I decided to take it anyway... I LOVE THIS STUFF. Its helped me so much, I&#039;ve gone off lithium and am taking it exclusively for BP2. I&#039;m on a low dose of 50 mg because I experienced some itching at first, which did go away after about a month. Now, I have NO side effects, and my depression is GONE without me feeling numb. In other words, I can still be sad without spinning into depression. I haven&#039;t gone manic either, but I rarely go that way, so it works for me!"
"have a colonoscopy at 7am tomorrow. This is my 2nd time using PEG3350 and this time I made a schedule.  Started on the hour, then every 20 mins another 8oz 
glass.  I used a straw while holding nose! Don&#039;t let go of nose until glass is empty.  I had a small capfull of listerine waiting-- and gargle after every cup you drink! Works like a charm!! After 5th cup the runs will begin! Then don&#039;t leave the bathroom-- except to drink every 20 mins!
Happy pooping! "
"I&#039;ve been taking Yaz for 4 months now, I&#039;m 16 years old. Few complaints, at the beginning this pill caused me horrible nausea and breast pain but that could be due to changing to Yasmin from Microgynon 30. Also I experienced spells of depressive moods which have now cleared up but I often experience mood swings! On a positive note my skin has cleared up massively and have maintained if not lost weight, great pill."
"Great medication. I was originally prescribed this medication in a treatment center to help me sleep and with anxiety when I got off of amphetamines (adderall, other amphetamines). I was taking it at bedtime. I found that it helps more with my focus, and it wears off during the day. I take 3mg once daily. However, I still have some strong ADHD symptoms. Intuiv just helps me... stay less scattered. Oh, and insurance is a rubbish it can be difficult to get this medication even with insurance."
"I tried to quit opiates on my own and I couldn&#039;t do it. I was so dependent on them I would vomit, sweat, light headed, aching bones...just miserable if I didn&#039;t have opiates in my system. I went into a detox program, and opted out of doing either a methadone or Suboxone quick taper program. I instead went on the &#039;opiate protocol&quot; which was clonidine and Syraquil. I was amazed how effective it was. I went through none of the nasty initial withdrawal symptoms. After 5 days I started feeling secondary withdrawal symptoms (nausea, irritable, bad insomnia, sweating, night chills, shakes, aches)."
"This is it. You might have to up or decrease you mg according to how you feel at first. I take 3, 18mg tabs in morning. It is the Concerta ER, lasts from 8-12 hrs. No side effects at all for me. I am calmer, more focused, and still get a lot done during the day. I easily go to sleep now. Recommended for ADHD though, not for ADD symptoms. I am energized during the day and do not &quot;feel&quot; like I am &quot;coming off something&quot;. I highly recommend this."
"I just started Victoza so I came here to read reviews about the medicine.

I&#039;m an EMT-B (working on my paramedic) and I work in an emergency room.  So, I&#039;m very interested in disease processes and how different medications work for different people.

I wanted to offer suggestions to people experiencing the side effects of the medications.  Examine your diet closely.  Keep a food journal.  Your doctor might be able to help examine foods that make the side effects worse.  Also, consult with your doctor about probiotic treatments such as Previcid, Protonics, Nexium, Prilosec, etc.  Medications like this might be able to minimize these symptoms."
"So I have struggled with constipation since I was 14. I&#039;m 17 now. When I was 14 I was given laxatives from my doctor but they were disgusting so I couldn&#039;t drink. Over the years I suffered in silence.  I was to embarrassed to tell anyone. This week I tried dulcolax.  I bought it from asda and in the first night I took 1. Nothing all night but during the day I had stomach cramps (mild). Finally I had a small stool. It Was painful like usual but not as much. Last nigh I took another. And I passed a larger stool. I&#039;m a bit worried from reading bad reviews so I don&#039;t want to push to two pills so I&#039;m going to stick to one tonight and hopefully I get back to a good rhythm. It&#039;s worked so far though so I recommend!"
"I took Accutane 10 years ago while I was in high school. It&#039;s amazing what it did for my skin. The only side effect I had while taking it was a lot of really bad nightmares. After ten years my skin is still clear. I think I had my first pimple 6 or 7 years after taking it and only 1 more since then. I was on the lowest dose for 9 months. I was diagnosed with irritable bowel syndrome a few years after taking Accutane though, which can be a side effect. It worked wonders for my skin so if your acne is severe and you&#039;ve tried numerous other products that don&#039;t work I would recommend taking Accutane."
"had sinusitis for 3 weeks and got augmentine for medication. I&#039;m on my 3rd day now and thinking of stopping as it gave me severe headache. couldn&#039;t do any work, just laying on the bed battling with it. augmentine is good, for most people, but not for me though."
"I&#039;m 17 and have been taking this for about a month now for ADHD. I started at small doses of Ritalin (10 mg) and then moved to 20 mg. My doctor thought it would be easier to just put me on Concerta since it&#039;s 18 mg a pill. I then took 36 mg of Concerta which didn&#039;t work out. I got major irritability and started feeling depressed. Even my focus was off. I went back down to 18 mg and it&#039;s working much better. No irritability, depression feeling. Make sure you&#039;re on the right dose for your body, too much can do more harm and too little may not do any thing."
"I have to say I am greatly disappointed that this medicine was taken off the market. I obsessed about food all the time. I ate all the time and I ate extremely large portions. I took this for two months up until it was discontinued. I could not believe it. I lost 20 pounds. I did not exercise once. Surprisingly, I thought about food much less. I oddly craved healthier foods, I ate smaller portions and would be satisfied with the amount. And I lost 20 pounds without even thinking about it. I couldn&#039;t believe how much free time I had when I was not thinking about food. I wish that it wasn&#039;t taken off the market due to cardiac issues. I mean come on, even cardiac medicines can cause cardiac issues. How come those aren&#039;t take off the market?"
"I have had Mirena for four months now.  The insertion was quite painful but I had I had to get it done in the middle of my cycle instead of during my period so I guess more pain is normal then.  My cystic acne has come back in full force in four months and I spot brown very randomly but I suppose both of those could be due to other stresses in my life.  I am also feeling a little depressed and unmotivated, definitely gaining weight without much change in lifestyle. I am 31 with no kids, perhaps I need to work harder on my body now but 12 lbs in four months is a LOT for me.  I will give it six months to see if things level out."
"I have been taking 100mg every morning for 9 months,with Trileptal 450mg at night and Adderal in am and after lunch. I was so scattered and depressed last January 09 due to a lot of life changes but really all my life I have sabotaged myself living without treatment. These medicines saved my life and I will continue on them as long as they work. Pritiq is good for me. I mistakenly got my dose mixed up when I first started Pristiq and took 200mg. Never felt better but soon found out that it was dangerous and max is 100mg. Whew...must be careful. Life is good today and it can be for you too. I also use the Pristiq discount card and pay half price...really helps."
"I am 64 with AFib. I have been taking Eliquis for 6 weeks and it is the only med I take. Side effects are heightened skin sensitivity, and retro ejaculation. Not sure about shortness of breath and exhaustion."
"I was suffering really bad with my sinuses over the weekend and could find any relief. The doctor told me in the past to take Claritin, but it has never helped. I was at work this morning and my co worker told me about Zyrtec.  Actually she had one for me to try and within 30 minutes, I could feel the pressure letting up in my
sinus areas and what a surprise, I could breathe so much better, no sneezing, dripping, coughing, horrible pressure in my sinuses.
I was astonished that this little pill could work so effectively. I have to say that I feel like a totally different person today, thanks to Zyrtec. If you haven&#039;t ever tried it, be sure to, it is the best of the best. I love you ZYRTEC!"
"I am 20 years old and have had an irregular period my whole life. It was recently discovered that I have PCOS. I was placed on provera for five days to essentially kick start my period. Well it worked. Two days after taking the last pill I had a normal period start. Now the last three days have been extremely heavy flow with strong cramping and some nausea."
"I am 28 years old, 125lbs, extremely active with dance, gym and sports.  I take the pill at just about the same time everyday, give or take 15 minutes.  Have a pretty healthy diet.  I started Loestrin to prevent pregnancy.  I&#039;ve been on it for 3 weeks and for the most part happy so far.  Here are my symptoms:

Wk 1 --&gt; Severe bloating, daily nausea.  5 lb weight gain, but i&#039;m thinking that was due to not being able to workout due to feeling dizzy.

Wk 2 --&gt; Bloating gone.  Nausea gone.  Feeling back to normal. Some mild spotting for a day.  Increased a cup size.  Skin looks great and feels smoother.

Wk 3 --&gt; Feel perfectly normal.  Lost the weight I gained the 1st week."
"First had the implant when I was 24, it was great, lost weight, periods lighter and less painful, bit of acne but I&#039;ve always had that. 2nd one was rubbish. But my 3rd and current one I had fitted when I was 29 (I&#039;m 31 now) its just been awful. Firstly I&#039;ve piled weight on like mad, I don&#039;t have the healthiest eating habits but I don&#039;t have the worst either. I&#039;ve put on nearly 2 stone!! Considering I do regular sport and exercise!! Then there is the mood swings and the anger, I&#039;m just horrible!! Irregular bleeding and spotting, cramps all the time, lower back ache, greasy skin and hair, anxiety (which I already had but this has made it worse). Seems like if your lucky your ok on the first one, then it seems to go down hill after that. AVOID!!!!!"
"Horrific RX! Belsomra had absolutely NO effect in inducing sleep. I have been awake all night-every night, feeling like my heart is racing and feeling flushed. This script is fabulous if you&#039;d like bouts of diarrhea and headaches."
"I started Vyvanse at 15 after a 2 year run on Concerta which I hated. When I started Vyvanse I was 5&#039;8 150lbs. I started on the 30 mg dose and within a year was down to 132 pounds. The medicine works like a charm but makes it near impossible for me to eat."
"I just recently was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, and My Doctor put me on Loestrin 23 Fe. The first month was fine just a little tenderness of my breast, but the second month was terrible. I have horrible acne, mood swings all the time, I have terrible cramps, headaches and I always feel nauseous. I will be going on a new pill as soon as possible."
"I&#039;ve suffered from this condition my whole life. When I was younger people would always make comments on my hands. After years of begging I was taken to get it checked out. I&#039;m amazed at the results. For the first time that I can remember my hands and feet are dry! The problem for me is the soles of my feet are itchy. Not just a slight itch, no, it&#039;s much worse. After a few days it fades. As a result of taking this it has caused my skin to peel from it&#039;s dryness."
"I&#039;ve suffered all my adult life with facial hair and had tried all other methods of hair removal but no good. I&#039;d been plucking 2-3 times a day a tweezer literally in every room and handbag. About 4 weeks ago went on line and read about this cream and decided to give it a go and it has changed my life in 3 weeks the hair though still there is finer and slower growth now only plucking every few days, I know its early days but felt had to share my experience."
"I have had it for 3 years now since December of 2009 it has worked perfect for me .. less periods to none and I do have mood swings. But other than that it has worked awesomely."
"Absolutely amazing. I have been treated for bipolar/major depression since I was an adolescent. Been on everything under the sun. Some did help-but nothing kept me consistently on an even keel. By the time my Dr gave me samples of Latuda-I had no expectations. For the first time in my adult life I feel normal. My mood is relaxed and happy-I&#039;m sleeping well and no excessive hunger. It does kill your libido-but that is fine with me-I have lost 7 lbs. I started on 40mg and gradually increased to 120mg--I also take 300mg Wellbutrin, 30mg Adderell twice a day and Ativan as needed for anxiety. This medication is life changing."
"I took Fastin this morning and within 30 minutes, my heart was pounding so hard I thought I was going to throw up. I don&#039;t like the way it made me feel. "
"This birth control protected me from pregnancy every time ! Sometimes I would take it a few hours later as well and it would still work. There is a lot of estrogen in it so it caused me to get headaches. Super light, predicted period every month. No cramps. No weight gain other then your typical bloating."
"I was in good health but developed severe neuropathic burning pain all over the body due to an MRI scan. I have been taking 10mg amitriptyline for the past 4 weeks and it seems to be starting to work, the burning pain is less severe so far. It hasn&#039;t helped any other symptoms which devleoped following teh scan but I would recommend it for neuropathic pain- also, I haven&#039;t develeoped any of the stated side effects. My friend also takes it in a higher dose (50) for depression and she is fine on it (no weight gain etc). Side effects not a reason to not take for pain."
"I was prescribed clarithromycin and Prednisone for my sinus infection and bronchitis. I was told by my pharmacist to take the clarithromycin with food. Then she told me to eat something like Activa yogurt about 2 hours after taking the clarithromycin because clarithromycin will tend to kill the good bacteria in your stomach which is what brings on the diarrhea many complain of. The activa then helps rebuild the good bacteria in your stomach. On my third day and feeling a little better, and never any diarrhea. I attribute the good experience to good pharmacist suggestions.I make sure to eat food and the Activa yogurt 2 hours later, and no side effects yet and I am feeling on the mend,"
"So I took the pill 10 hours after my little encounter with my best friend. It was my first time and I was shocked that I succumbed to the pressure. I experienced cramps and headaches the whole week after taking the pill. I was worried when my period didn&#039;t official start that Monday but I was three days late which was Thursday when I came on. I&#039;m so happy and relieved. This pill works. So just calm down and breathe."
"I have taken Namenda and Ariceptfor years.  Memory has improved!  Have had the vivid dreams others have described, also muscle cramps.  Is am going to cut back on the Aricept and see if it helps....although usually enjoy my dreams!"
"Took Levaquin for 4 days after a week of amoxicillin did not help spider bite. Last night broke out in severe hives. Now taking steroids to counteract the antibiotic. Only reason I rated what I did is because spider bite is much better"
"This medicine has helped me. I have taken others for my anxiety, that did not work well. It does make me over heat easier. That is the only draw back to it."
"A ruptured brain aneurysm; placement of 10 coils and a stent, 75mg Plavix   325mg aspirin. Bruise like a peach and will get 3 dimensional bruising if I hit hard enough. Possibly some dizziness."
"I have suffered from treatment-resistant generalized anxiety disorder for over 15 years and have tried every treatment in the book (except for Celexa). Nothing worked. Before Celexa I was on Lexapro, which is supposedly the newer, more &#039;refined&#039; version of Celexa, and felt horrible. About 6 months ago, I decided to switch over to Celexa and have never felt better. I felt a difference right away (within a day or two). I am finally back to my happy, bubbly, chatty self. Other SSRIs that cut my anxiety made me feel &#039;flat&#039;. Not Celexa. On Celexa I&#039;m still able to feel my emotions-I can laugh and cry (when appropriate)-without feeling overwhelmed by them. I take it in the morning and have so much energy all day. I highly recommend this medication."
"I was on Percocet 10/325 and the highest dose. It was killing my stomach but since my doctor changed it to just roxicodone without acetaminophen I feel much better. It definitely helps with the pain. I take a lot less pills now because I&#039;m on the right dose. I haven&#039;t had any bad reactions either so far. Been on this for almost a year now."
"Never use it. It&#039;s just a lie. I ordered it once and they sent me the one which is almost out of date and it doesn&#039;t work at all. It just makes it worse. Never ever by this product from a website. Better take contact with doctor and get proper help. They are thieves who are selling this."
"Been on it for almost 2 weeks. Feels like nothings getting better. Used to be a caffeine addict stopped that, but now I have insomnia from this. Still have trouble waking up, getting motivated. My heart races and this puts me in a careless and out of it mood and want to try something else."
"This is the only medication that makes me able to focus and stop obsessing on things I can&#039;t control and makes me able to be productive and active."
"I thankfully have never had depression! However I have chronic severe pain(ankylosing spondylitis) I tried cymbalta in my mid 30&#039;s... YES it made me EXTREMELY nauseous and I got headaches... But only for the first week! I felt like it gave me my life back.. But it was short lived and only took it for 6months because I ended up getting immuned to it. at 60mg /day It did nothing for pain! I went back on it at 39 after many failed attempts of other meds! But this time I also take dalaulid with it for break through pain (usually only need once but sometimes twice a day!!) I&#039;ve been back on cymbalta for almost 2years now and feel like I have my life back! I&#039;m able to work(I&#039;m a waitress) and drive and LIVE life!"
"It works to control generalized anxiety disorder. However, don&#039;t stop taking it until your doctor tells you to after at least a year. My psych took me off after 6 months and the symptoms returned."
"Helps tame the nerve pain associated with syringomyelia, a chronic spinal cord condition that is very painful"
"Works very well on my facial pain and numbness."
"Depo Provera was the first hormone birth control I used.  I only got it once.  Pros:  no pregnancy; no weight gain; no period; didn&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill everyday.
Cons:  was in tears for basically 3 months straight; sharp decline in sex drive; increased acne (probably from crying all the time); bleeding for 4 weeks straight when I got off it."
"I was placed on this bcp prior to having IVF, this have been the worse 2 weeks ever. I feel so bad for my husband. I have have been moody, crying spells, decreased sex drive, and constant spotting. I cannot wait to stop taking this pill."
"Helps with muscle flair ups. Tough to take 3 times a day @ 400 mg&#039;s and work full time. Wife yells and shakes me to wake up."
"Improvement was immediate upon starting Monopril!"
"I&#039;m going into my second month using Trileptal and started at 600 mg a day.  My Dr just upped it to 900mg because it wasn&#039;t stabilizing my moods as much as I would like.  I also take Klonopin for anxiety and the Trileptal for my bipolar.  So far, no side effects like the Topamax with tingling but I&#039;m hoping it starts working better.  My Dr wants to throw in an antidepressant along with something for ADHD but wants to wait till this kicks in.  "
"I switched from Yasmin to tri-cyclen because my acne was so bad. I&#039;m 26 years old and have been on some type of birth control since I was 18. I have had the worst experience of my life being on tri-cyclen. I was on it for a few months until I started to have very severe panic attacks. I didn&#039;t know what it was until after a few months of going through this hell I stopped the pills. As soon as I stopped them I haven&#039;t had a bad panic attack like that since and it&#039;s been 8 months."
"I am 18 and I have been on Nexplanon for 4 months now. I have light irregular periods and some spotting. I have a small scar on my arm from the application and bandage that peeled off some skin, but I can live with that. It definitely is very effective, it does the job. But I have gained about 20-30 pounds since I have been on it."
"My periods come about three placebo pills in every month. I have absolutely no cramps (although I did when I stopped taking it for a little while). I had a little weight gain but that could also be attributed to campus food. The only serious issue is that my libido has seriously plummeted."
"I have been on this med for 9 days.  I was at 224.  Now I am at 214.  Not hungry.  I dont crave sweets anymore, it actually makes me sick to my stomach looking at them.  Finally!!  No side effects"
"Like Ambien, it&#039;s good for a solid four hours but then I wake up totally unable to go back to sleep without taking another dose.  It&#039;s good if you only need help getting to sleep."
"After having my daughter in February of 2012, I got the nexaplon implant because we didn&#039;t want another child right off the bat.. I think I only had a period 3 times.. I had it removed June 25, 2015 because we wanted to try for another baby.. Since then, I&#039;ve had maybe 6 periods.. sounds great, right? No, not great at all. My periods have lasted 11 days, then 2 1/2 weeks, then 4 weeks, 5 weeks, etc. but they&#039;re every other month. They&#039;ve been very heavy periods, I go through 2 1/2 boxes (36 ct.) of super tampons, easily, during my periods. Then they slowly taper off, to leave me with spotting for 2 weeks. Currently, I&#039;ve been on my period for 3 weeks now. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I&#039;m 48. Started NuvaRing 4 years ago after my divorce and when I started dating again. Wanted a non daily birth control. I liked not having to take a pill daily, didn&#039;t notice it inside me, and had shorter, lighter periods. I QUIT using NuvaRing a few months ago since the man I&#039;m dating had a vasectomy years ago, so birth control isn&#039;t an issue for me now. I feel so much better now! I am not swollen, my weight that I put on is falling off, the abdominal discomfort I felt daily is gone, I&#039;m not as moody. I hope my breasts don&#039;t go back down a size. Now I suspect these were all NUVARING side effects not post divorce effects after reading the other comments. They started right after I began with Nuvaring. So great idea, but not for everybody, obviously."
"I have been constantly bleeding for over four straight months. Not even spotting, full blown on my period. On the upside I have lost about 7 pounds since being on it, and my moods have completely regulated. However I just don&#039;t think I can take this bleeding much longer and may have to have it removed from my arm."
"I&#039;m only on my 4th day of taking 10mg of Trintellix, &quot;hence a rating of only 7&quot; as I&#039;ve not been on it long enough to describe my mental state. I have been on every SSRI there is, with Lexapro being my top choice, however it stopped working after about 6 years with NO libido. But within the first dose of &quot;Trin&quot; I felt a positive change in libido. Seeing the world in black and white has turned to vibrant colors for once. Cons: severe nausea only on day 3 (felt as though I had the flu) and itching was simply horrific. Took Vistiril (Hydroxyzine) and all was right again! Normally a $40 Co-pay with current insurance, but they offer a &quot;Savings card&quot; on their site, which brought my co-pay to only $10 for a monthly supply on 20mg. Request Vistiril"
"Me and my boyfriend were having sex and the condom broke inside but we didn&#039;t notice so when he pulled out, we were scared and so we went to krogers 15 mins later and took the plan b pill. So EXACTLY one week later I got my regular period . So this stuff works. I didn&#039;t think it was gonna work but it did... But I took another one the day after too. I don&#039;t think I&#039;m supposed to do that ."
"I have only been on the Nuvaring for about 2 months now. This was very effective for the first month about.  After I inserted my next ring I have not stopped bleeding and its not just light spotting, its heavy bleeding most of the time.  Like it&#039;ll seem like it went away but then it&#039;ll either come back on its own or really bad when I have sex.  Also, it is giving me a lack of lubrication in my vagina.  When i have had sex, there have been a few times that it hurt really bad.  I have been very moody lately and will cry for basically no reason and my sex drive is definitely lower.  I may continue on with my 3rd ring but if the bleeding doesn&#039;t stop, I will definitely be switching."
"Noticed a great improvement after two days on this medicine. A little restless legs syndrome but not bad then the brain zaps or electrical surges started. It scared me so badly. But I thought it was just due to a short night with little sleep and maybe the half of a beer I had before bed? But this evening, it happened again... Calling the Dr ---Dont think I want to experience these anymore!"
"From first week when I took this medicine I can feel a slight change and haven&#039;t felt depression, anxiety. But as the weeks pass, I felt much better. I&#039;ve got my life back, social skills, and feel like everyone else. This drug has really helped to bring my life back."
"First birth control I&#039;ve used and I LOVE it. Been using it for 6 months now. I remember the first 2 patches I ever put on made me a bit nauseous, but now I put it on with no complaints whatsoever. When the patch needs to be taken off for my period, I typically get my period after 24hours. Although not recommended, it does work if you have unprotected sex so it&#039;s nice to have that safety in the back of your mind. The only complaint I could possibly have about it is the price of the patch per month. Other than that I&#039;ve had no side effects and am very happy about it!"
"This has been a great drug for me since I started a month ago. I have been diabetic for past 1.5 years.I first used Insulin for a month and then Triglynase 2mg, Zoryl M2. I usually hit low sugars when I took zoryl m2. But now with kombiglyze 5/1000, I am feeling much better"
"I struggled with acne since beginning middle school.  all other topical medications were too harsh and either irritated my skin to where it was red and over oily, or it made my acne worse.  Yes its normal to get worse before getting better, but after months of the other medicines it never got better.  While using aczone, my acne never got worse, only better after the first few days.  I have been using it for about 4 months now and my skin is completely smooth besides the occasional pimple that is barely there.  All i have left to take care of are the scars that were left over the years.  strongly recommend aczone to all with sensitive skin!"
"I have been using Loestrin 24 for at least 3 years now, with no problems whatsoever.  I&#039;ve never had breakthrough bleeding.  I did not experience weight gain or any abnormal side effects. And my periods have been light, and very predictable.  I&#039;m going to try Seasonique starting in a few days. (I just like the idea of only having 4 periods a year). I have a feeling though, that I&#039;ll end up switching back to Loestrin, because it was been very reliable for me."
"I have been on methadone for almost 10 years. I have tapered and got off a few times, but always seem to fall back. I have never gone higher than 45mgs. this dose has complete covered all withdrawal symptoms without feeling tired and useless. I had a son last year at the age of 33, and was very nervous of the effect it would have on my new born. I never increased my dose through my pregnancy and remained at 40mgs comfortably.  when Sam was born, he experienced NO withdrawal symptoms. I was worried sick for.nothing, however that is not always or even often the  case. Overall,  methadone maintenance has been a very positive experience."
"After 12 years on T3&#039;s twice a day so I can walk with less pain following broken back caused by drunk driver, I am starting to see the light (not that one!). I am really noticing a big pain difference and am even skipping T3 doses (unheard of)! I am elated, hoping Doc will be too.  I am even noticing that I am not hungry and have stopped eating regularly scheduled meals until I am. Maybe I&#039;ll drop a few pounds too!  Love &amp; Light, Rev T."
"Using this as a treatment for yeast infection and skin infection.  It has had a remarkable response to the yeast infection but not so for the skin.  "
"25 teeth pulled and Percocet or Lortabs were the only medicines that would make life, let alone eating bearable. Unfortunately Doctors like to put you on it long enough to become accustomed to living as pain free as you can, then cut you off. Withdrawals are the worst for about 5 days and the mental part of it is much worse. "
"I&#039;ve been taking the Topamax for over a year now for migraines was on 50mg twice a day now was put on 100mg twice a day helps with the migraines I do have on side effect and that&#039;s the drowsiness but as far as a weight medication it has not help me one bit actually I have gained weight on this medication."
"I have been a &quot;smoke only when I drink&quot; smoker for about 20 years.  I started taking Chantix in January- smoked a few times but it really kicked in after 2 months.  What has been really wonderful is that I have cut down on the drinking a lot- I was never an every day drinker but I think my drinking episodes are down about 50%- what I was afraid of was that I&#039;d drink too much and with my judgment and willpower gone I would smoke- but that has not happened.  I really think I am over it!  I have been taking one pill a day for about a month and have had 5 cigs total during that time- none of which I wanted.  I have not smoked at all for 3 weeks.  Would be interested to hear if anyone else had the same experience re; less drinking"
"I was in a horrible car accident, and the Doctor in ER prescribed me Oxycontin. This medication helped the pain in my back but, it came with a price. After about a year, my dose kept going up, and up, and up because my body would get used to the dose and it would never be enough. Pretty soon, I found myself wanting to take any opiates. For example, oxycodone, anything with codeine in it, morphine. I didn&#039;t realize how fast my dependency to opiates became my life. So, finally, I was prescribed Methadone. It worked out great in the beginning. Then I found myself wanting that, &quot;high&quot;. So I would take an opiate on top of it. Finally, I am on Suboxone. It doesn&#039;t give you that high! I don&#039;t &quot;Need&quot;, anything else!! Thanks!"
"I have tried many different kinds of birth control pills during my search to find the right one. This one wasn&#039;t the right one for me. I constantly felt nauseous and developed urinary tract infections and yeast infections, strange discharges and odors. I didn&#039;t have those problems on the other pills. Also I would experience randomly on this pill the loss of my sex drive. For the people who know me, that&#039;s nothing like me. That side effect scared me and was the last straw that pushed me to switch."
"I&#039;ve been taking 1mg of Klonopin daily for 3.5 years, after the sudden death of my father.  At the time, my anxiety was a 10 and Klonopin allowed me to continue working and raising my 4 kids.  I consider Klonopin an absolute miracle drug that probably saved my life.  My psychiatrist, and 2 other consulted doctors,  don&#039;t express the least amount of concern about using 1 mg of Klonopin daily perhaps indefinitely.  However, I went 42 years without taking a prescription drug and it really is my hope to not need Klonopin for much longer.  The notion that Benzos should not be taken beyond 4 weeks is purely irrational. Find a good doctor!!!"
"My side effects are light headed, short of breath, dizzy and cold"
"It&#039;s quite remarkable. It has eased both cravings and withdrawal."
"I was prescribed pristiq last year for depression &amp; anxiety. At 1st I did not want to take any meds due to a bad experience with Prozac when I was 30. I am now in my 50s. After the first day I felt amazingly better. I got up early &amp; felt incredible clarity, focus &amp; worthiness. At that time I weighed 120. I gained 5lbs &amp; probably lost muscle. Prior to pristiq I was very physically active. I feel very calm now &amp; go for walks but for whatever reason I do not work out like I did before. Soon after getting on pristiq I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism even though I was quite fit &amp; thin. So I was put on levothyroxine for that condition. I would say the weight gain &amp; some sleepiness has been a side effect for me but not sure from which medicine."
"I have two pills left for my first month of taking minocycline. I&#039;m 15 and have moderately severe acne. I struggle with my self confidence a lot. As many people say, give it time. Most acne took awhile to build up, so it might take away to clear up. I have large clusters of pimples that range from the hard cyst pimples, to the ones that come to a white head. For the most part, my acne has gotten a little bit better. My breakouts don&#039;t last as long and most pimples are flat now. I also use Aczone, too."
"I just started taking this birth control for about a week now and I noticed my breasts are very swell and I always feel sexually aroused."
"I got the implant in March 2015, it was very good at first. I only spotted for a couple days the first month after that i never got my period or spotted again. Then in about March or April of this year i noticed that i was gaining weight, i was very paranoid until i started reading people&#039;s reviews about them gaining weight. I used to weigh 125 now i weigh 140 so i gained about 15 pounds thats the only thing i hate about this i havent had any other side effects but the weight gain. Im about to get it taken out, i dont think i can wait until 2018 to get it taken out, i dont want to gain anymore weight."
"I have had an extremely positive experience with paragard. The procedure was quick and a slight pinch upon placement a little bit of spotting after but other than that my period has remained unaffected, sometimes I do feel the strings but that is no biggie. Ever so often I have a partner who says they can feel it but has not created difficulty. I am happy with it. I got mine placed at Planned parenthood for free because of my financial status but I did make a $50 donation."
"Been on 1 mg for two weeks. Depression has lifted quickly. No weight gain as of yet. Had headaches for the first three days. Overall a promising start"
"I am 17, and I started taking Loestrin on day one of my period as instructed. I had my period for nearly 2 weeks on the active pills (normally they didn&#039;t last more than 4 days). I didn&#039;t have a period at the end of that cycle, but I attributed it to the bleeding in the beginning. In the middle of my second cycle I experienced severe nausea, anxiety, bloating, and breast enlargement. I then started worrying about the missed period because the symptoms corresponded to pregnancy. Although I had not missed any pills and had also used a condom, I felt paranoid about pregnancy. Having had mild anxiety problems before, Loestrin has amplified them. I do not recommend Loestrin to anybody with anxiety issues."
"I was given this medicine during my colonoscopy. I&#039;m an individual who is very sensitive to medications and I have an autoimmune disease. I don&#039;t like feeling drugged and this medicine gave me no side effects such as nausea or feelings as though I am dying as I had from morphine. I have had anesthesia too...unsure what was in that...but it also made me very nauseous. So this is a medicine I highly recommend if you need to have a medical procedure done but don&#039;t want to be completed sedated."
"I am a 40yr old female.  I have had acne since I was 13.  I noticed bumps all over my forehead for years along with a large cystic pimple a couple times a year.  6 weeks ago my dermatologist prescribed Aczone along with 2 antibiotics(1 oral 1 topical--Solodyn and Ziana).  This has been the perfect trifecta of treatment!  My forehead has not been this clear since I was a a kid and my skin is significantly less greasy.  Highly recommend!!"
"I had been prescribed Klonopin in the past to treat severe anxiety until my appointment with a psychiatrist who deemed that such an approach to my anxiety issues was heavy handed. He took me off of them and since then I&#039;ve been on Lexapro, Buspar, Seroquel, Zoloft, Pristiq, Paxil, Atarax all to little or no avail. I moved to a different area and got a new Psychiatrist who diagnosed me with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The original course of treatment for that was Ativan 0.5mg three times daily. I was switched to Xanax 1mg twice a day as needed. A couple of months passed by without substantial improvement and I was bumped to Xanax 1mg 3x day Doctor decided Klonopin would be a better approach earlier today. So far so good."
"I have been on nexplanon for nearly a year and its the best contraception I have used, periods come every few months and very light, I do get more snappy at times and more cravings before my period is due to start, sometimes more forgetful etc but Im pretty much like that anyway! I suffer with PMD so its helped a great deal &amp;  I feel like I just get normal pmt now not that out of control feeling I used to get, no acne, bloating or greasy hair, result! . It&#039;s worth a try if you are thinking about it and it doesn&#039;t hurt much when its put in."
"I got my implant about 4 months ago, since then I&#039;ve had really long and heavy periods, spotting for maybe 2 weeks then I might stop all together for about a week, start spotting then have the heavy, prolonged period. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects such as the nausea and head aches like it said I would. I am getting more acne than I&#039;ve ever had though. I&#039;m just worried about these never ending periods."
"I&#039;m 14 years old and struggled with bad acne and still suffer with scarring. So i got prescribed this medication, I seen improvement within a week and was very excited. There was minor side effects that i had, like headaches and my eyes hurt. But, it worked very good! I am still on this medication, and i take two a day now. It controls my acne and i really don&#039;t have any that much but maybe one or two bumps. But, they are gone within 3-4 days. I&#039;m very happy and my confidence has risen higher because of it. &hearts;"
"I took adipex last year, started at about 290, the first month I lost 26 lbs "
"This is my second day on Yaz. I have been on countless other birth control such as Marvelon, Tri-cyclen Lo, Demulen, and most recently, Aviane. When I was on Marvelon, I never noticed anything while I was taking the pills side effect wise, but my periods were unbearably heavy. On Tri-cyclen, my period was light, but it never stopped, for 3 months! On Demulen I went into a deep depression that I am still getting over. And finally, on Aviane, it was great, but I gained about 40 lbs in the past year. I went on Yaz to help keep me upbeat and happy (coupled with my daily dose of Prozac), and to hopefully help me shed some weight and give me comfortable and short periods. So far, so good. High libido and no negative side effects except slight headache."
"I have no clue what any of these people are talking about in the other reviews regarding extreme burning and itching... I was honestly nervous to take it because of those reviews but decided to anyways because of a friend&#039;s suggestion. I had a very pleasant experience, I used the applicator right before bed and did experience a mild itching (but no worse than the YI itself and would you rather put up with itching for a brief time or keep the YI?) I had no burning of any kind and noticed results by the next morning. Two days later I have next to no symptoms of the YI. I would absolutely recommend this Monistat 1 product."
"I have been on metformin 1,000 mg in morning and 1,000mg after dinner. Since starting this medicine I have been having morning sickness type feelings 24/7 with nausea and vomiting everyday. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s my Ortho Evra birth control patch or if its the metformin making me sick. I&#039;ve only been on the patch for 2 months with no side effects except for this month. I&#039;m also on phentermine 30mg 1x daily for a month so far. I&#039;ve been eating healthier small meals daily and exercising 6 days a week and have not lost a pound. When I go back and see my endocrinologist next month I will report back if she changes my medication and checks my blood levels to see if there is a change. Thank you for all of the comments on here its helped me a great deal."
"This drug has been a life-saver for me. It has worked where other mood stabilizers either didn&#039;t work or had intolerable side effects. I&#039;ve used it for 8 years now, at doses ranging from 150-425 mg. Currently I&#039;m on 250 mg. When I started Lamictal I had a bipolar diagnosis and took it as an add-on to lithium. My diagnosis has since been changed to recurrent major depression and a personality disorder, but Lamictal still works, along with an antidepressant. I do get (non-dangerous) skin rashes from this unless I take antihistamines daily, but it&#039;s been worth it."
"I am a heavy drinker that doesn&#039;t want to quit drinking his pint of Vodka every evening. However, I suffer from MDD so I take 20Mg lexapro every other day and sometimes I cut the pill in half for only 10Mg in the morning due to sleepiness. Vistaril was prescribed as an anti anxiety solution over Ativan -- which just made me want to drink more. Vistaril at bedtime has given me the most solid 8 -10 hours of sleep with awesome vivid dreams, strange sometimes yes, but man, the REM is fantastic and I truly feel energetic when I wake up now."
"I was diagnosed with this condition in 1997. The radiologist said they did not know what caused it and there was no cure but there is medicine to maintain. Many years later with 3 different shunt placements...I now have a shunt that still does not work but I have my Diamox to help me!"
"Made me feel exhausted.  Could not get heart rate over 100 when exercising . Gained weight.  Dr. Switched medication to  lisinopril    Now feel reborn."
"Altogether Trinessa wasn&#039;t a bad option for me.  The only issue I had with the pills is that every 6th day into a new pack I would experience a horrible headache with an aura (blurred vision)  My gyno claimed that had something to do with the amount of estrogen I already had in my body and Trinessa just added even more which resulted in this odd ocular migraine.  Due to the headaches and their effect on my driving, school, and work my gyno and I decided to give the Nuvaring a shot.  I just started it so I&#039;ll see how I feel on this.  The pills always worked fine for me.  I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain or mood swings.  One thing that I did experience was a HUGE sex drive.  My boyfriend could hardly keep up."
"This medicine saved me life! After just 3 weeks of use I started noticing a major difference. I did experience really bad side effects at first such a nausea, insomnia and loss of appetite. But after 4 days, these side effects started to subside and after the first week they were completely gone. I can&#039;t even remember the last time I felt this good! I would recommend it to everyone."
"This is the ONLY medication that works for my GERD.  I don&#039;t have any side effects at all.  "
"I always feel pressure or bloating in my abdomen area but other than that I haven&#039;t gotten any acne or change in mood. I find it strange that my muscles aren&#039;t or won&#039;t get as toned. I still have the same workout routine, but I feel I have to work a bit harder to get back to where I was before the pill."
"Wellbutrin is absolutely miraculous for me. The last nine months of my life, through which I&rsquo;ve been taking Wellbutrin, were the best. I used to have dysthymia, apart from occasional episodes of major depressive disorder, and Wellbutrin put an end to both. 

The only side effect I noticed is a rise in my blood pressure (hence 9/10 instead of 10/10), which I&rsquo;m not entirely sure I should attribute to the drug. But I&rsquo;m young and my blood pressure used to be very low, so I am fine with that. I plan on continuing to take Wellbutrin, until someone stops me!"
"2 yrs ago my oldest daughter was murdered and then this year I went through a divorce. My youngest daughter lost her job and moved in. I&#039;m on disability and mounting stress was huge. I also am also in chronic pain due to degenerative disc disease. Finely I went to my Dr and said I give in.  She put me on 10 mg of this med and first 2 wks I slept all the time but now I&#039;m noticing a change and feel a little more level. Anxiety is still here but not as bad.. I do suffer headaches and sleep long and hard and have a huge increased appetite ugh.... But overall I&#039;m feeling better and more positive .  Glad I gave it a chance."
"I just took a Tessaoln for the first time, even if it will let me get 3 hrs of sleep tonight at a time I will be very happy. Nothing else seems to he working and I have heard great reviews. I haven&#039;t coughed since I took one about a 1/2 hr ago, so goodnight."
"I had been off birth control for quite a while (years) and decided it was time to get back on it for family planning reasons. I had flawless skin, (I&#039;m 31) then started this pill 4 months ago and I&#039;ve had nothing but tiny pimples all over on my face, neck, chest and back ever since. It&#039;s definitely due to the pill because it all goes away the week of the iron/placebo pill. Super light periods, but I&#039;ll take two more days of that if it means 28 days of clear skin again."
"Wellbutrin was an absolute lifesaver for me when I first began taking it in 2014.  It was the first drug to give me an actual, noticeable boost to my mood that allowed a dramatic increase in my day-to-day functioning ability. After my daughter was born, I continued to take Wellbutrin.  For six months, my daughter slept less than 7 hours per day and was constantly agitated to the point that she&#039;d simply scream for hours on end.  Eventually, the doctors who were trying to determine what was happening took a serum level and found that she was getting a huge dose of my Wellbutrin through breastmilk.  It was a horrific experience, but as soon as I stopped breastfeeding, she finally began normal sleep cycles.  Don&#039;t stop Wellbutrin - just be aware"
"MS-Contin was good at relieving pain not as strong as Oxycontin which I was used to.  They are different and I read in a 2007 Physicians desk reference guide that they are 45-55% or more absorbed by the human body where Oxycodone was 60-85% absorbed in the human body. Also made me more tired than Oxycodone.  Secondly, though both medications made me tired it seemed like the MS Contin made me more tired and lethargic than Oxycontin."
"I was put on Victoza as a stand alone med by my endo for type 2 diabetes and weight loss.  I am about 200 pounds overweight and she felt like this would finally help me get started with the weight loss.  Third week I had lost 8 pounds and sugars were great but got sick as a dog after eating certain foods.  We are talking projectile vomiting and serious cramping that almost sent me to the ER several times.  I think the idea behind this medicine is a good one, but for some people, like me, the delayed gastric emptying is going to cause to many problems to reap the long term benefits.  What a bummer."
"I had to switch my birth control to a different one because the Depo shot made me gain so much weight and I had continuous on and off spotting for a week and i kept getting this pain in both my legs and could get ride of the pain so I would not recommend this birth control to anyone"
"Strattera definitely helped my adult ADD, and increased my focus. However, it does have a downside, a few actually. Male erectile dysfunction, sweating, rage (but I think now that I&#039;m bipolar, depressed which may be causing it).
You will definitely be able to focus better if you have minor ADD, but you will find that you can&#039;t sleep at night without a sleep aid (on Lunesta now). So the side effects are there, but it does do what it says it will. I&#039;m going to try combining it with Pristiq and Lamotrigine to see if that is a good combination for the ADD/Bipolar/Depression."
"Celebrex did nothing for my pain."
"I didn&#039;t get pregnant and insertion wasn&#039;t all that bad. There was spotting the entire 6 months I had it in, but it was tapering off quite a bit toward the end. 
The reason I had to have it removed is because I went almost completly insane. I was depressed, would cry at the drop of a hat, became paranoid of my boyfriend and just very sad/angry in general. I had my GP remove it and now (4 months later) life is back to normal. 
I know some people don&#039;t experience any mood side-effects, but I was one of the few."
"The lowest dose  made him stop saying he wanted to kill himself. The doctor up his dosage and I can see my son smile and laugh again. No side effects at all. He even dances now. He&#039;s so funny. Before it was a nightmare with him. He&#039;s also on Latuda but that takes 3 weeks to kick in. Wellbutrin XL is a life saver for major depression. No more ups and downs."
"I didn&#039;t realise until a few packs in that I had become VERY, VERY moody. Angry, blowing up at my boyfriend for little things, crying a lot. I bled more heavily than I had on my previous birth control (I was told it had been discontinued) and for nearly a week. I do not recommend this, just for the way it messed up my emotions."
"Robaxin has worked very well for my back muscle spasms. Also for tension headache due to muscle tension in my neck and head. My only side effects were initially a feeling of constantly needing to urinate even when there was no need. But that went away after a few weeks. Now though I have been experiencing bad dreams and broken sleep, problem is I don&#039;t know if these negative effects are from the Robaxin or something else I am taking. I do take several other medications in addition to the Robaxin."
"Okay so. It&#039;s my first night, on monistat 7. And let me tell you I applied the inserted the cream and I don&#039;t know if I inserted it too far but it said do it as far as you can to prevent leaking. After I inserted the cream I was like &quot;pssshh what was my sister talking about? this really doesn&#039;t even burn&quot;. Then. It happened. My vagina was ON FIRE. I tried to lay down and immediately jumped up and ran to the bathroom it was oozing out and still is even laying down. It still burns but I can say about an hour into it; it slightly has eased off. But it&#039;s still feels like there is so much heat. But ladies we got this. Let&#039;s get through these 7 days, and kick monistats A$$"
"I&#039;ve had MDD since I was 10 yrs old and now I&#039;m 35, this has been the best med I&#039;ve found yet! And it doesn&#039;t take a month to get in your system. It&#039;s the BEST!!!!!"
"I was a heroin addict for 4 years and I lost everything including my family. Methadone helped me get my family back. If you are struggling with addiction, I highly recommend methadone... it saved my life."
"I&#039;ve been on Zarah for about 2 weeks now. My doctor switched me to Zarah after my last birth control (the generic form of Yaz) gave me bad spotting. So far I&#039;ve had no problems with Zarah. No spotting, cramps, weight gain, or emotional changes. My skin is clear and I&#039;m no longer constantly in pain like I was before I started Zarah.  I&#039;m so happy my doctor had me change birth control pills."
"This medication is the greatest thing for chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. My mom took it for 6 months during her treatments and never had any vomiting or nausea."
"I have suffered with anxiety and panic for years, since about 14 y/o. I have tried several different benzodiazepines over the years but always go back to diazepam. I can use it for both preventing a panic attack before a specific situation, or use it to relieve one once it&#039;s started. You can even take it the night before a specific event for nervous insomnia. Diazepam calms me down without tiredness or feeling spaced out."
"This medicine completely changed my personality and destroyed my brain and memory. This drug will make you a zombie PLEASE DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION. It made my life a living hell for me and others around me. Please do not even consider this medication. It messes with the electricity in your brain and practically makes you not able to function. I suffered from major memory loss because of this drug. please do not take it."
"I&#039;m 3.5 months pregnant and had been suffering from the worst migraine I&#039;d ever experienced for 2 days.  I finally went to urgent care as instructed by my OB.  They gave me an injection of imitrex.  The side effects suck.  I felt dioriented and my head felt heavy.  I was sweating.  After about 20 minutes, the side effects subsided a bit and I was able to go. It is now 2 hours later and I feel 100 times better. My migraine is basically gone.  If you can deal with the side effects, its worth it."
"I have been taking Fetzima for 2-weeks. Headache is my major side effect. I am not used to having headaches and it makes me feel foggy. I do sweat more than usual when I am hot. Positives: decreased appetite, weight loss. This drug is not as effective for anxiety as Paxil, but I gained 20 pounds in 3 months on Paxil."
"Tried it last night and wow it was like I was in my twenties again. Had fairly bad acid reflux that was a bummer but the performance gain was amazing. Before my half erection wouldn&#039;t last 5 minutes, last night it was up for a good hour Thank you."
"I&#039;ve only been on this for about a week and I have already gained 7 pounds! My acne started to clear up and then today all of a sudden my face broke out in several huge pimples. I&#039;m more tired than usual and get severe cramps on and off. I think I might be going back to the doctors soon and seeing what else I can take."
"I was taking 300MG of this medication for almost 1 year. I stopped taking it for about 4 months because I wanted to see how I would feel being medication free. I faced withdrawal symptoms for 1-2 weeks after suddenly quitting from 300MG to nothing. The withdrawal symptoms weren&#039;t severe at all. During the time when I was on it, I had peace of mind. I can&#039;t describe the experience other than I felt so good that I have decided to start taking it once more. I suffered from Social Anxiety, OCD, and extreme depression."
"Lunesta is now generic so the cost is low.  I take 3 mg at night and sleep 7-8 hours.  It&#039;s been such a godsend for me.  I have terrible insomnia."
"Although it was expensive, it was well worth it.  My interstitial cystitis had gotten so bad it hurt to walk, I had to keep an ice pack between my legs.  Within one dose of this, I started feeling better. The one thing I would suggest is that the pharmacy put a warning on the bottle stating specifically that the medicine will possibly turn your urine blue/green.  The first time that happened, it was quite shocking!  Overall, this medicine really saved me when the other ones let me down."
"I&#039;m 27 with no kids. I do not want kids and never have. I wanted something long term that was more reliable than the pill and wouldn&#039;t mess with me in the way the shot does. I&#039;ve had Mirena for several months now. At first the cramping was odd and painful, nothing I couldn&#039;t handle, it would happen sporadically and would subside after a few minutes. A few months into it, its pretty much gone. No periods and minimal spotting. It was literally, for me &quot;stick it and forget it&quot; I&#039;m very happy with it. No weight gain, no acne, no mood swings. I&#039;m still my regular self. For the insertion  I was really scared and my OB gave me something for nerves. Honestly it just felt like a deep cramp. I didn&#039;t feel the pinch. but its different for everyone."
"Oh my goodness..never in my life have I felt so miserable from a birth control pill. The side effects were so extreme they made everyday tasks almost unmanageable. The nausea, fatigue, and dizziness every single day really took a toll on me physically and emotionally. I would even get a tingling sensation in my hand and my legs would feel extremely heavy which caused major anxiety. I didn&rsquo;t continue this pill any longer. I was so scared of what it may have caused next. Mini pill here I come..."
"Not worth adding the symptoms of severe headache, nausea, and vomiting to an already awful flu. The side effects from Tamiflu made my illness so much worse."
"I have a lot of fluid in my optic nerve, blurred vision. I have couple days taking this medication twice daily, and it give me some side effects ...gives me tingling in my fingers and toes, nausea and I also experienced dizziness but my doctor says it will go away in two weeks."
"Flomax helped me to pass a 6mm stone with very minimal drama.  I am a female who passes a stone about every five years and have typically needed procedures to remove even smaller stones that would get stuck en route.  I went to the Dr. with familiar flank pain, had a CT, and was prescribed Flomax.  It took three weeks but I had minimal pain (took plain old Advil) and could carry on with work.  AWESOME!  No side effects either, which I had been worried about."
"I have started Neurontin again, and within a day or two I got some relief from my pain in my feet and legs.  I can tell when I miss a dose. It is the only medication that I have tried to take for my neuropathy. However, I was on methadone for years and I did not feel the pain until I was on a low dose of methadone. That&#039;s when I started to take the Neurontin again."
"I started this pill when I was 22. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 years now and I&#039;m very pleased with it. I was nervous about starting birth control because of all the side effects you hear about. But I have not gained weight, I don&#039;t have mood swings. Nothing negative. I had bad periods/cramps before and they are gone. I don&#039;t really get a period anymore. Which I&#039;m happy with. It&#039;s worth trying if you want a low dose birth control and you have bad periods. Also there are coupons online so it&#039;s not so expensive. It was $25 a month. Now it&#039;s $25 for 3 months."
"Terazol 3 works for me every time especially if I have to take an antibiotic for a UTI. Diflucan does not always work. No side effects expect maybe the first day, I get a little slight burn but goes away pretty quickly and the medicine starts working immediately. After 48 hours I feel great, but take day 3 application and it feel 100% cured."
"I went to the ER yesterday thinking I was having a heart attack.  It seems (will be further explored) that my low level GERD for which I&#039;d been taking 20mg omeprazole, eroded my esophagus and I had esophageal spasms - unbelievable painful.  Took the generic Protonix this morning and what a difference.  No side effects whatsoever, but it&#039;s early days.  Will see my primary and GI doc soon to delve deeper.  However, I couldn&#039;t believe the instant relief."
"I&#039;m 29 and I&#039;ve suffered from acne for some years and NOTHING worked. Last choice I had was to go to my dermatologist and he prescribed me Solodyn. He said it may take a month before it starts to work. I broke out a few times but at 4 weeks my face was clearing up. My face was clear for 8 days then I ran out.  Had to wait a week for pills to be delivered (had to enroll to get my pills for $20.00) and since I&#039;ve been without the pills I only had two small pimples within 2 weeks. I got some more pills now and I love it. It&#039;s the best thing that ever happened to my face. I was prescribed with Ziana for the evening and Aczone for morning. My side effect on this was headache. And I got the 55mg."
"I have been on this birth control for about 7 months now. First 4 months were fine, didn&#039;t improve my heavy period or lessen the days I have my period (7). The 5th month I bled for 1 1/2 months, after I went through that I got the side effects. CONSTANT headache, super nauseous all the time, I have no energy whatsoever, tons of problems with my contact lenses, im dizzy all the time, lost partial vision in my right eye for about 1 day, I don&#039;t have a sex drive anymore. This is the worst birth control I&#039;ve ever taken!!!"
"This has worked very well for my acne, nothing I have tried in 3 years has worked this well. However, I am an athlete and I&#039;m out in the sun everyday and if this same thing applies to you, do not take this. It makes you very sensitive to the sun and you will be in so much pain, especially in your hands. If you start taking this and feel sensitive to hot and cold, and notice your hands turning red then stop using this immediately because it only gets worse."
"I was born with Spina Bifida L4-5 s1-2 along wt a myleomingeocole. My Birth issues were due to LowFolate. Through life I have struggled wt Depression always being told it was due to the Spina Bifida. I fought through a major depression my senior year in college. When I became employed following college and had insurance I sought counseling &amp; medication taking imipramine. When Prozac became available I began it. After a decline in my health from a stoke at 33 My depression became worse requiring hospitalization. Five years ago I returned to my hometown &amp; sought medical care from my high school friend. He tested me for L methyofolate deficiency. I was deficient he put me on Deplin 15mg wt Zoloft 100mg. I am finally emotionally healthy"
"58 year old male. Self-diagnosed Epiglottitis via google... all the classic symptoms (headache, bodyache, fever, inflamed upper throat -&gt; actually area of epiglottis, painful swallowing, some difficulty breathing when trying to sleep)... and when I saw on a Saturday - that it could possibly be fatal (asphyxiation)... but treatable with antibiotics, I reached for the 1st antibiotic I saw listed for the condition (although do not have that reference handy.)
Cipro 500 mg, 2xday, 5 day course (expired 5 years ago, 2011)
12 hrs (after 1st dose) - fever gone
18 hrs - headache / body ache gone
24 hrs - epiglottis still inflamed, but less-so? pain swallowing
36 hrs - epiglottis less inflamed? less pain swallowing?
48 hrs - epiglottitis resolved!!!"
"Wish I did listen what others said after reviewing their experiences. Can&#039;t even open it and I don&#039;t think so I am dumb lol. So this is just in regard to their useless container. I also broke the container and applied to my kids nose which he woke me up in the middle of the night saying that his nose burn. Stay away this product but if you don&#039;t listen, be my hero to open the container as well as burn your nose."
"I have just started taking contrave and am on week two and will start week three tomorrow. So far I have gained back all the weight I lost before starting this medicine. I still eat the same foods I was eating before starting contrave. The only change I have is that when I do eat it makes my stomach feel extremely bloated after eating for about 30 minutes to 1 hour then I feel &quot;normal&quot; again. There is no boost of energy. I don&#039;t know if this is how this medication is supposed to work, but I am trying. I was hoping that for the price I would see results so far but unfortunately I am back at my uncomfortable stage again since gaining the 12 pounds I had lost already..."
"Got 3 tiny bumps size of grain of sand at opening of vagina 20 months ago, thought they were ingrown hairs, pinched off w tweezers. Month later had a lot of vigorous sex w bf, next day had about 6 bumps in same place. Went to clinic immedediately, Dr said they were genital warts caused by a form of HPV, I was devastated. Went to Gyno 3 wks later, warts spread, about 20, he biopsied a cluster. Tried apple cidar vinegar, it was very painful. Biopsy came back neg for HPV, so went to Dermitologist. He said warts too, prescribed Imiquimod 5% cream. Used it Mon Wed Fri. Seemed like it took forever &amp; got welts on perineum, but warts were gone by 5 wks. Got 1 bump 3 months later, used cream. Haven&#039;t had any for 13 months, but my bf just developed them"
"Unfortunately. This Medication really took a turn for the worse on my acne. I was on it for only 7 weeks but I couldn&#039;t handle getting nauseous and bad acne anymore. It made my skin more red and I was taking it with Acanya the topical cream. My skin just wasn&#039;t accepting the antibiotic which was sad because it had such great reviews. If you are taking it, take it with food. I missed one meal and needed to take it and I was sick for hours and ever since every time I took it, I would get even more nauseous. You win some, you lose some."
"For everyone out there who is freaking out, scared to be pregnant, I FEEL YOU. After a little mishap with the boyfriend, I was super paranoid about buying the pill so ended up taking it about 68 hours after the initial incident (He didn&#039;t cum but we were scared). I was super anxious about if it would still effective but, 6 days after taking the pill, my period came! Thank god! My tracking system even said I was ovulating at the time which added to my worries, but my period did come about 4 days early thanks to Plan B. I also experienced very few symptoms, just a little bit of fatigue and acne. So for all the girls out there waiting, I don&#039;t know what your schedule is like but IT WILL COME!!! I can&#039;t tell you not worry but please try!"
"Mirena is an exceptional form of birth control I&#039;ve had it since July 2010. I still suffer from side effects I have uncontrollable mood swings. I go in and out of depression. I have two periods a month now, one of them is light the other can be moderate to pretty heavy. The day of my insertion I started cramping so bad I was nauseated but was fine the next day about the only thing that has gotten better is that I don&#039;t have menstrual cramps any longer I have experienced weight gain and fluctuation but I&#039;ve always struggled with my weight so I don&#039;t solely blame that on Mirena, as well as my acne its hasn&#039;t improved or gotten worse but Mirena is my preferred method of birth control, it works and I couldn&#039;t do the pill or the shot."
"I have been battling recurring Bacteria Vaginitis for over 2 years. I have tried everything even Lactobacilus Rhamnosus,Gr-1 and Lactobacillus Reuteri, RC -14
Which was proven to cure BV. It didn&#039;t work. BV is very annoying I decided to take Tinidazole. I was prescribed 500MG Tablets Take 4 tables by mouth today and 4 tables by mouth tomorrow.  8 pills. Today is the second day and I do not feel any burning. I pray that it is gone. The best relief in a very long time.  I was scared to take it because of excessive uses could cause health problems.  I tried Flagyl , Terconazole Vaginal Cream, Tea Tree Suppositories and Metronidazole Vaginal Gel and it did not heal me.  I hope BV is forever gone. I hope someone finds a natural cure soon."
"I never write reviews but figured this might help someone out. I HATED Lo loestrin fe . It made me super depressed and I gained 15 pounds on it . Not to mention I bled for two weeks straight during the second month of taking it. After I got off this pill I felt so much better.. This pill really was awful and messed with me more than a higher dose estrogen pill, would never recommend this"
"After attempting and failing AA over and over for one year, failing treatment four times, I decided that I had to investigate something other than AA.  No one EVER told me, including my counselor, that Campral was an alternative.  I have been on it for a month and the cravings are gone and I only THINK occasionally about alcohol, and then it is with ambivalence.  I wish I had know about this sooner.  Hats off to those that can stay sober in AA.  It was not for me.  I am in counseling and am doing better than I have in my life.  HAPPY!!"
"RA for 10 yrs, injecting 25mg of MTX for couple of years after having too many s/effects on oral MTX. Then getting flares and not well controlled on MTX so started on Humira, injected fortnightly and remaining on MTX. No major side effects. But not benefit. Nothing. Nada. No relief from symptoms at all. Rheumatologist took me off it and now probably going to start on Enbrel. Apparently I sit in the 1/3 of people for whom there is no benefit. Hoping Embrel will work because I&#039;m over it. It&#039;s no life."
"Went into the ER for the stomach flu. I had been sick for 4 days without eating a thing. I was severely dehydrated and was fainting. They gave me I.V and a dissolve-able pill of Ondansetron (4mg). I was finally able to stop vomiting after 4 days. I still can&#039;t eat other than broth but thankfully the vomiting stopped."
"The taste was the worst part, followed by all the water. I mixed the first dose with white cherry powerade after reading the recommendations of some the reviews, and I wish I hadn&#039;t. That made it worse. I could hardly stomach it. My instructions said to drink it within 20 min, but I think it took three or four hours for me to finish 70% of it. I gave up on the rest and poured it back into the little bottle so I could use the water cup, and after my stomach calmed down attempted to drink the remainder. It was easier drinking it out of that little bottle since I couldn&#039;t smell it. The second morning dose mixed with plain water was much easier to swallow. Bowels were liquid fairly quick, though weren&#039;t clear until 2hr before procedure."
"I am 52 years old and have suffered from neuralgia mostly in my feet and legs.  It got so bad I could not fall asleep at night.  I take 50mg morning and night.  I read all the comments and reviews on this and other sites. They made it sound like a miracle drug and I agree. Finally I had some relief. I am having trouble with swelling and had some weight gain.  It has been worth it."
"Absolutely terrible experience on tirosint - landed in ER with chest pains, dizziness, extremely disoriented."
"I have never had a worse experience on a birth control before- but don&#039;t get me wrong, for some people this works! But for me, my moods were totally insane, completely up and down and I could not control my emotions. I felt constantly depressed and my sex drive basically disappeared. On top of that, I gained 15 pounds and COULD NOT LOSE IT. I was the heaviest I&#039;ve ever been on this birth control. I really can&#039;t stress enough how much it affected me mentally though, it was intense and everyone around me had to go through my terrible mood swings and anger too. I personally could not recommend this to anyone because of the side affects I endured. I got the implant out 7 months later and lost the weight I had gained and started feeling better."
"Hey, I&#039;m 18 and having a colonoscopy tomorrow. They put me on moviprep and it&#039;s working! Started off chasing it with some ginger ale bt after the first 8oz I was gagging. I bought some MELON POWERADE and it went down easy. Just add some ice and mix the moviprep in, and it went down like a charm. I still havnt had the second &quot;installment&quot; at 4am bt I&#039;m sure it&#039;ll go down just as easy as the first dose. plain it tastes retched like this lemony salty gooey water but mix it up and you&#039;ll be fine."
"This is the most helpful website on the internet for me.  It is also has the best pill identifier on the web.  Thank you so much drugs.com."
"Well firstly I just wanted to say that I&#039;ve had the best night of my life sitting here after popping two dulcolax - unaware of what&#039;s install for me. I took them at around half past midnight then came online and saw these reviews. I&#039;ve been laughing my absolute head off for over an hour at all the comments. I&#039;m partially scared, because after everyone claiming to have almost died, I&#039;m now expecting the worst "
"This is my first time having a yeast infection. I bought the Monistat 7 cream.My vaginal itching was so bad I just needed relief. The first night the Monistat really did not feel good. But after about 20 minutes the mild burning started to subside, and the next day I didn&#039;t have the intense itching all day. it was only when I wiped after going to the bathroom. Then I put the second application in, and the same burning happened but I expected it so it didn&#039;t catch me off guard, and the next day I had no irritation at all not even when I wipe. I just put the third application on, and I have some mild discomfort again but it&#039;s nothing I can&#039;t handle. My one complaint would be that the applicator should be rounded. It&#039;s uncomfortable to insert."
"I have had problems for years, with urine leakage/having to go to the bathroom a lot and not being able to hold it.  Last year, the doctor that I was seeing had suggested that I have surgery to correct the problem.  I would have had to be off work for 6 weeks.  I&#039;ve been on Vesicare for just over a month and it&#039;s a lifesaver.  I started seeing results almost immediately. Now, instead of having to go to the bathroom every few hours (I drive a para-transit bus) and not being able to make it to the bathroom in time, I go maybe 4 times a day.  I would recommend it to anyone that was having problems with overactive bladder.  The coupon, that my pharmacist includes, also helps....thanks!  My husband says thanks to."
"So I had implanon for 3 years and loved it. I got it because my cramps would so bad I would have to leave school, and my periods were really heavy. For the first year, I had really irregular heavy periods, but after that my periods stopped all together and now I don&#039;t have one at all. After the implanon my doctor told me about nexplanon which is basically the same thing but it&#039;s not. I&#039;ve had nexplanon for 1 year and have had no sex drive, terrible anxiety attacks, and have gained about 15 pounds. Getting it taken out ASAP"
"I have been on Lo Loestrin FE for about 8 months.  I was placed on Lo Loestrin due to excessive bleeding as a side effect to another medication.  My cycles  over the last 8 months have been on one month and off the next month, however this month it all changed.  The week my cycle should have come on, it failed to do so and this would have been my on again month.  There is absolutely no chance that I am pregnant.  I started my new pill pack and my cycle decided to come on the same day.  I am now into my second week of blue pills and my cycle is still on.I can&#039;t take my other medication during this time because it causes excessive bleeding and clots. Don&#039;t know what to do next."
"I thought Belviq was the answer to my prayers.  I was on it for a week everything was going great other than a headache the first few days and then boom urinary tract infection. So I got some antibiotics, stopped the Belviq to fully have time to heal.  I restarted the Belviq several days later and again urinary issues severe ones such as bladder leakage, burning, pain, frequent urination.  Terrible.  I have been back off Belviq now for a day and the symptoms have decreased tremendously.  I hope they go away completely."
"Fantastic medicine."
"Took this for a tooth abcess. Tooth ache went away but was replaced by other pains. Feels like every muscle on my body is sore especially the legs and lower back. Throwing up and also have diarrhea. Massive headache. The body ache is so bad I laid in bed crying, and I have a pretty high threshold for pain usually. I cannot seem to get out of bed and cannot find a comfortable position for my legs and back. Also just started having a fever of 99.4 degrees. I took this about 7 to 8 hours ago, not sure if I&#039;d rather have the toothache or these side effects that&#039;s how bad this is. I&#039;ve taken amoxicillin in the past and did not have any of these problems, not sure what changed.  (or maybe this is my body reaction to the abscess ?)"
"This product is amazing. Ever since I can remember I have been sweating profusely under my arms. I only wear black tops to try to hide the wetness so I never enjoy wearing different colors.  I use to go shopping and look at all the different color clothing and felt so bad I could not wear them I had to move on to something that will hide the wetness. At the age of 47 I went to my family doctor and I was sweating so bad I just came out and ask if there is something that could help me. I was given Hypercare and tried it that night and it burned and stung but the next day I did not sweat under my arms. I kept touching under my arms because I could not believe I was dry. I have been using it for several weeks now and I still burn and stings."
"I started Seasonique to cut down on periods, cramping and help with PMS. The bleeding (light) and cramping (mild) began the 2nd week I started Seasonique. Basically, I have been bleeding for (4) weeks straight (enough to have to wear a pad everyday). I called the Seasonique manufacturer and she told me to call my doctor. I had to beg my doctor to put me on Seasonique in the first place because of the good things I had heard about it. Also, I don&#039;t have insurance and had to go through a lot of red tape to get it. I guess I&#039;ll just stop taking it. Previously, my periods were getting heavier and PMS worse (I am 41). I&#039;m not worried about getting pregnant, I just don&#039;t want to suffer. I took Loestrin 1.5/30 back in my 20&#039;s and had almost no periods and it worked great. I don&#039;t even know if it exists anymore. Now, my period is all screwed up (it used to come on the same day each month)."
"I have been constantly on pain medication for 6 years due to a wreaked back. I was on Hydrocodone 7.5 4x a day; and it work fine, but when you take the same meds no matter what it is over 6 years it doesn&#039;t work as well after a while. So I talked with my Doctor and He Dr. decided I needed to try  Hysingla 20mg, and assured me it would work great. Well after two weeks of sleepless nights and loss of work I had Had it!! This was the biggest waste of my money and time. Not only is this crap cost twice as much with my insurance, but it DOES NOT WORK! I understand why Doctors would want to try it; for fear of opiate abuse, but this is causing more and more people who are truly in need PAIN!!!"
"Lexpro is the best medication. I had no life befor Lexpro. I used to suffer for 8 years from anxiety and panick attacks. I was always scared from anything. The doctor asked me to try Lexpro I was so afriad of medications, I thought medications would never help me. I used think that I will help my self to stop thinking about it. I thought they were all thoughts in my mind and I have to change them I used to get panick attacks everday when I&#039;m sleeping. I would recommend anyone to try this medication because this medication will safe your life if you have anxity I have been 10 mg for months then 15 for 2 months and 4 months for 20 Mg and am still taking it. And I will never stop taking it"
"Worked great on my lower back pain!"
"Awful. Yes this medication did clear up my cough, BUT the side effects were awful! I was extremely jittery, lethargic, anxious, and then became nauseous as well. I would not take this medication again."
"Was born with Hep B. Now Iam in my early 40. Started the viread in 2007 ( 9 years now)."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for about 5 years now and love it. I never had many problems with it. I didn&#039;t gain weight but I typically will get a pimple or 2 the week before my period is supposed to start. I do get a slight skin irritation where I put it on. Only a little itchy and no big deal. I wear mine on my stomach and switch sides to help irritation. I don&#039;t think it hurts that bad to take off it&#039;s like pulling off a bandaid. I have only had 1 fall off and I was swimming every day for a week when it happened. I do notice I am more emotional (and slightly bitchy) while I&#039;m on my period but I put the new one on and I&#039;m fine. definitely would recommend!"
"I had a stiff neck due to an abscess on my neck which was quite painful. My Dr recommended me Clindamycin antibiotics. Two days into the dose the antibiotics kicked in and I could see the abscess drying up and forming a scab. At the same time my skin underneath was healing. The infection cleared away after 7 days of dosage and my neck was back to normal."
"Treximet is awesome.  When I get a migraine, I can take it and it&#039;s gone in 20-30 mins.  It is very expensive but it works great."
"I have tried every SSRI except luvox and this is the only one that did anything. However it takes at least a month to work.  However I went out of country and had my carotid veins widened and this extra blood flow has taken away all mental health issues or need for drugs..."
"I was in the DEEPEST pit of depression. I felt that it was hormonal. Had labs drawn and was shown to be in menopause. Had a hysterectomy which left me with one ovary. The depression started this year in March and spiralled out of control. I was seriously deciding whether or not to stick around not because I didn&#039;t want to live, but the mental pain was too much. I noticed in a study of women that were treated successfully for severe hormonal depression using premarin and mirtazipine. Within 24 hours the depression was GONE GONE GONE! I believe it is mostly the premarin because ADs take longer than that to work. I want to start a campaign for the horses that are being treated to poorly. Why can&#039;t we get this from pg. humans and pay them?"
"I have been on Arava for three years now.  I have not had any adverse side effects.  Every so often my thumb hurts and I have to use a pain cream but that is my only complaint."
"I didn&#039;t notice a big difference on Ablify. I feel more level headed but also I feel more indecisive, dizzy and restlessness. I was on 10 mg for 3 months and the restlessness was so bad I couldn&#039;t sit still."
"52 years old and was having problems keeping an erection or getting hard enough for intercourse, for about 3 years, although I could have a partial erection.  Doctor gave me 5mg Cialis daily and it works like magic.  I find it lasts about 36 hours.  I am harder than I have been in years and wake up with a really strong erection.  I have had zero bad side effects.  Before if could get it up for sex, I was definitely done for the day after one orgasm and sometimes the next day couldn&#039;t get hard at all.  Now I can go twice or three times in one day, if only I could keep the wife that interested!"
"So I took this on Febuary 21 after the condom broke unfortunately! I am not ready for kids at all I just started college and I immediately took this maybe 45 minutes later, I had absolutely no side effects so I thought maybe it wouldn&#039;t work for me but sure enough I started my period on 3/2 one day late but I did!!"
"I am a 20 year old female, one of the youngest patients my doctor has ever treated! Thankfully being pregnant helped me detect it! I&#039;m on my 3rd week of treatment with Zepatier. The first 2 weeks have been fine with a few headaches here and there but now I&#039;m in the 3rd week I&#039;ve become really ill. I&#039;m not 100% sure it&#039;s from the medication but I can&#039;t think of anything else it could be and nobody else is ill. I have a really sore throats and dry mouth, my joints hurt and I just have no energy! Luckily I&#039;ve not been sick but I&#039;m on day 2 of this illness so it could go anywhere! I&#039;m going to speak to my doctor on Monday if I&#039;m no better and keep you updated but I will keep on my medication so I can fight this!"
"Epiduo cleared my skin in a week! A bit of dryness but that was expected.
Stubborn under the skin pimples that I had for months went away within a few days"
"I am 30 years old and was diagnosed with fibromyalgia when I was 25.  Over the years, it kept getting worse and worse.  It was beginning to interfere with my life.  I had a very poor quality of life.  I finally after suffering for over a year, I decided I needed real help.  I had been on many other pain medications, but Nucynta ER was different.  The day I got my prescription filled, and took it that night, I woke up a changed person.  I&#039;m not sure exactly how long I&#039;d suffered but, Nucynta ER has given me my life back.  My depression and anxiety are non-existent.  I feel awesome!"
"I&#039;m a 18 year old female, my entire life I&#039;ve always been overweight and I wasn&#039;t able to lose it, it didn&#039;t bother me until I gained 40 pounds in less than a year due to being on birth control. I went from 175 lbs to 215, that&#039;s when being overweight caught up to me. I wasn&#039;t noticing how much the way I looked changed. Until I went clothes shopping and I couldn&#039;t fit into a size 16. That was when I went to my doctor and he recommended Phentermine, It has been almost 3 months and so far I&#039;ve seen nothing but positive results, I lost 31 ponds so far and still going! I bought a size 13 mini skirt, it was too wide! I haven&#039;t fit into a size 11 since I was 15. I strongly recommend it, because of it I smile every time I look in the mirror now."
"A good choice just to help. Withdrawal from drink are not as bad as so many people make out. If you really want this, you will do anything to be clean. I&#039;m sober 6 years."
"I had unprotected sex on May 28th. He ejaculated outside, but because we did it a couple of times, I freaked out. I took Opcicon One Step 4-6 hours later and felt the side effects immediately. I was slightly nauseous, fatigue, had lower abdomen cramps and bloated the first week. One week later (June 4th) I bled for 4 days, spotty with dark blood. I continued feeling bloated, indigestion, stomach cramps, sharp/dull pain in nipples, and extreme mood swings from stress and hormones the entire month of June and the first week of July. My period for July was late so I took over 10 pregnancy tests (all negative) over the course of 1 month but I finally got it today! It&#039;s heavier than usual and I didn&#039;t even feel it coming but I&#039;m not complaining!"
"I have a nine year old son who was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of six. We tried Focalin first and it made him extremely weepy. A month later we tried Vyvanse and had a good experience with it for three years. There was a major rebound effect but we felt lucky to have some relief from symptoms for the hours that we did and dealt with the negatives. We moved from CA to a high altitude state and his meds went haywire. We tried Strattera for two months and he had a stable mood but zero focus. We started Concerta two weeks ago and are extremely happy. We aren&#039;t dealing with an afternoon rebound!!!! He is pleasant. He can focus. We are hopeful that the good will continue. I suggest trying this drug or another one if you aren&#039;t 100% satisfied."
"Helped my cough from a cold when nothing else would. I&#039;d give it an A."
"I have fibromyalgia so I wake up in pain this allows me to rest. "
"Used fenugreek to promote breast milk production. Worked wonders! The only side effect: I smelled like maple syrup, which was not bad."
"Out of the 15 years I have taken birth control this one has been my favorite. It made me have regular light periods and toned down my mood swings. Didn&#039;t gain any weight and never got any pimples. I&#039;m extremely sad my new insurance doesn&#039;t cover it anymore and I am devastated. I am now on the hunt for a new bc and have had no luck with one that responds well with my body."
"I&#039;m starting my 3rd week of harvoni, I don&#039;t know when I got hep c I am 50 years old.  Ok the first week every thing went smooth till about the 6th day then I started getting head aches and dizziness .  Then my anger and my temper has been going off the charts but I will trade that any day to get this virus out of me, for 8 years its been a nightmare its got so bad I could not walk to the mail box with out  being tired so as I said I will be so glad to get rid of hep c"
"I am on risperidone for 2,5 years. It seems to be OK for its main purpose - I haven&#039;t had any hallucinations since I started it. However I be been leading a very balanced and calm life without any major stresses which seemed to be the main triggers of my psychoepisodes in the past. But! I&#039;ve gained 25 pounds for two years and I have never been overweight in my life. Plus, over the time I developed a very disturbing hunger that never stops even after I eat lots. I feel full when my stomach is literally full and stretched. But after an hour I feel hungry again. In, addition to that stomach pains not too sure if its caused by excessive eating or a side effect on its own. Other minor side effects are muscle pains, nightmares and memory loss."
"I was on drug for about 6 months and had no side effects besides pain during drug injection.  My plaque psoriasis completely disappeared within the first 6 weeks and continued to do so until about 6 months later.  No rhyme or reason, but it stopped working and I&#039;m in the WORST FLAIR of my life.  I&#039;ve never had any issues with my hands or feet, but now that&#039;s my troubled spots.  My hands and feet are severely dry and peeling and the pain and itch is horrific.  I&#039;m using all the medicated ointments and creams that my Dermatologist has prescribed, along with a new biologic Stelara, and nothing has stopped the flair.  I wrap my feet in Saran Wrap to help hold the moisture and medication in, and do the same with my hands with gloves.  HELP!"
"Got a positive test result text, went to get treatment that same afternoon with my partner. Both given 4 azithromycin tablets (1000mg) to take at once. Since taking them both of us have had nausea, stomach cramps, stomachs making funny gurgling noises and diarrhoea. This started roughly 2 hours after taking. Hoping they will pass soon, feeling sick is the worst :("
"The MYLAN brand 5% is useless! Waste of money. It does not stick to fresh cleaned skin with rubbing alcohol first, it does not stay on to provide medicine even if taped on outside edges and it&#039;s plastic! Bad for skin. I&#039;m going to change pharmacies to avoid using this,brand again or cough up cash for my reg. Brand. I would not depend on this. Seriously it does not stick for 2 mins."
"This is a miracle drug. I&#039;ve been on Qsymia a year now. I went from 189 down to 152.  I&#039;m a fairly active 60 yr. old female but I don&#039;t diet or exercise.  I don&#039;t have time. I know, I know, I Don&#039;t wanna hear it, it&#039;s just the way it is. I&#039;ve had no side effects. With my coupon and insurance I&#039;ve paid $50.00 a month. I can tell you I was eating well above that :(.  I love this med. With summer coming I anticipating losing probably another 10 pounds."
"I started using micronor because I heard it lacked estrogen and I heard it was a healthier method of birth control. I&#039;m surprised by all the poor reviews because I had absolutely no problem with this pill. I&#039;m 5&quot;4 and 120 pounds, and I never work out. I had no weight gain, no depression/moodiness, no lowered Lobito, etc. So don&#039;t get scared off by the reviews, everybody&#039;s different. I combined this medication with a condom, because I&#039;ve heard its common to get pregnant on this pill. For that reason I&#039;m ending my use this month (after 8-9 months) and switching to the combined pill Alesse, because I wanna try condomless sex with my partner. Give it a try :) you can always stop using it if you have issues."
"I have severe muscle spasms and muscle pain due to spinal conditions and neuropathy. This medication has given me more releif than I have had in a very long time. I do get headaches sometimes when I take it. Well worth the releif it gives."
"My first full month down. I have had severe headaches.My acne is worse then it&#039;s been in years and it&#039;s itchy."
"Another fail.  I had the opposite side effects as most people though.  I was drained.  I was the opposite of constipated.  I got chills/goosebumps, but painful ones.  I had some sweats, but mostly painful goosebumps.  I already feel like crap with depression.  I don&#039;t need another medicine to make me feel worse.  Cymbalta had a similar effect on me.  I was sick and drained.  Effexor didn&#039;t have that issue, just some nausea and I did feel energized, but it would take me 10 minutes to urinate.  Fetzima was my 20th antidepressant.  I am looking into a clinical trial of ECT and Ketamine.  I am over those useless medicines.  I can&#039;t believe this garbage retails for 400/mo.  I got it at no cost with the savings card for the first month."
"I got my Implanon inserted in May of 2010. I also thought it would be the better choice for me because I wouldn&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill everyday. The doctor tells you that it will take your body the first 6 months to get used to the Implanon and &quot;figure out what it wants to do with your body&quot;. 9 months later, I am among the percentage that has the negative side effects. I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since May. I will be off of it for 1 or 2 days, but then it starts again. The blood flow is regular. I also noticed that I began to get headaches, back pain, abnormally irritable, feet swelling, and constant acne breakouts. In the end, abstinence had become my form of birth control. So I got it taken out and I&#039;m on the pill."
"I must say I am so happy I found this site. It is comforting kowing I am not the only one that feels like they have been lite on fire as soon as this stuff hits my vagina! I have used the 7 day course before and I have to say this is the worst I have ever felt. Burning and itching from inside! The only suggestion I really have is to freeze a water bottle before hand and put it between your legs. It really does help sooth and take your mind off the mindless burning and itching until it&#039;s tolerable!"
"I am currently on Subutex and have been for almost 2 years. Like many others have said it is a great medicine to be on if you really want to quit your habits. It can be a long process for some and for others it may take not long at all. Some people use it for pain management. But I myself have done good on this medicine. It&#039;s been such a long road for me like I&#039;m sure it has for the rest of you. I am now finally getting down to such a low amount and soon should be free from Subutex. I know my addiction will always be there but with the right help I can stay clean!"
"I took one 20mg pill. It works, I slept better than I had in years, sleep quality better than anything I had ever taken before. The problem was the next day. I was so sedated that I literally couldn&#039;t think or remember words. I felt nauseous all day and that night I almost fainted after eating dinner.

I didn&#039;t take the pill the next night and couldn&#039;t sleep at all. I had to take a double dose of benzos, melatonin and an Aleve because I was so achy. The next evening I went out with friends and had a few drinks. I was acting aggressively, obnoxious and completely out of character. 

I hope they come up with a better version of this drug. I&#039;m sad I can&#039;t take it due to side effects."
"Twenty years ago (in my mid thirties) I began to suffer from excruciating headaches.  My doctor put me on progesterone cream, and there was some improvement.  He thought that PMS was a contributing factor.  I had a cardiac arrest  when I was 38.  Nothing was found to be wrong with my heart, but I was going through an emotional crisis at the time.  The cardiologist put me on atenolol (25 mg/day; I now take 50 mg/day).  I was put on the atenolol to keep my blood pressure down and keep my heart from beating too fast in emotional situations.  The upside to all this is that I have not had but a couple of migraines in 20 years, and none since the dose was increased to 50 mg."
"I have been taking Buspar for 2 months and have definitely noticed I am more relaxed and less reactive and upset in stressful situations. Prior to Buspar I had taken Xanax as needed for anxiety but it made me extremely hungry I would eat so much (and even worse-not remember) that it just gave me more anxiety from all the weight gain. I am only taking Buspar now and I take 7.5 mg x 3 daily. I am able to function on this medication and not feel like a zombie. I feel very relaxed and I am starting to enjoy life!"
"I&#039;ve been dealing with severe to moderate acne for almost 13 years now (I&#039;m currently 23 yrs old). I&#039;ve been waiting for puberty to chill  out and stop breaking me out, but it hasn&#039;t so I decided to see a derm about my options. she prescribed me doxy and it worked FABULOUSLY!! I took the first pill that night, went to bed and when I woke up ALL of my acne was gone!!13 years of horrible acne and over night it was gone! for 3 days I took it 2x a day like I was told, but I decided since it was working so well i only wanted to take it once a day considering doxy is a strong antibiotic and I didnt want my body to get such a strong dose for 2 weeks. As soon as I finsihed the acne came back, with a vengence. I&#039;m going to look into accutane"
"I was bleeding heavily for 8 mth non stop! Please don&#039;t use this method! It is absolutely horrible &amp; ruined my life. Had major CRAMPS, clumps &amp; clumps of blood, wasted so much $$ buying thick diapers &amp; tampons &#039;cause I was bleeding that much! Initially they put me on BC Pills to stop the bleeding but b/c I requested really low dosage it didn&#039;t do its job. I stopped taking it thinking it would mess me up even more b/c I&#039;m putting more hormones in my body. I was under the impression it would go away eventually but after 7 months of bleeding, I finally went to see a gynecologist &amp; she gave me higher dosage birth control pills to stop the bleeding! After a month of being on the pills, it finally STOPPED! THANK GOD! Miserable frm Jan16 to Aug16"
"Best anti anxiety medication by far. It&#039;s Exactly like a Xanax + Valium combination. You get the potency, you get the long half life, you get the great muscle relaxing properties, you also get the best Maintnance Benzo, best for long term use . Etc etc. I tried Ativan, 7/10 rating. Valium, 8/10 rating, and Xanax, 6.5/10 rating. I finally got introduced to Klonopin, and I found exactly what I was looking for. 10/10!"
"Using Pradaxa, rather new, only a month.  However, taking two pills a day rather than needle-testing is so much easier.  The only side effect is a slight weight gain."
"I have been on Vimpat for 2 months now. Like many others, I have been on just about everything! After a week on the Vimpat I was no longer having partial seizures but after about a month, reaching my titrated level of 200mg twice a day. I started noticing weight gain, numbness in my mouth and throat, almost a numb feeling on my skin and a weird overall feeling, all these side effects ended after about a 1/2 hour. It is great to not have the seizures each day and to only be on one medicine while my doctor keeps reassuring me that they will fade with time. I just hope they do because I have to make sure I do not have anything I need to do after taking my dose. I had to fight like crazy for my insurance to cover the medication at $1954/ month."
"I went to the doctor for a regular checkup and I told my doctor I had heavy bleeding and she prescribed me Tri-Nessa I started to take the pill and instantly felt horrible, headaches,worse cramps than ever and it&#039;s running my life. after my period ended I am still taking Tri-Nessa and it is horrible I bleed every day I have not had a break. I have to wear panty liners because I spot everyday. I have been on the drug for 2 months.slwo my period was only 5 days before I started taking the pill and now I&#039;m about 2 weeks long I won&#039;t stop bleeding.the pill made me gain 2 pounds so far and my butt and breast have enlarged. but the medcine is not for me I would rather just live with regular heavy periods"
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for almost two years now. I started bleeding a week after it was inserted and have not stopped since. I&#039;ve been bleeding for a year and 8 months straight now. Some days it&#039;s light and others it&#039;s extremely heavy. Planning on getting it removed this month."
"I have 3 children my youngest being 3 months old, my husband planned for a vasectomy in February so in the mean time I had Skyla placed just a month ago. Worse pain I have ever felt and I had natural labor before, I spotted for a week then it stopped , then these unusual cramps started where I would have to stop what ever I was doing and breathe throu the pain, it was awful. I made an appointment with my OB to check it out and a week before it The pains stopped so I cancelled it. Today was my month check up to make sure the IUD was placed correctly still, well it moved and I have to have it surgically removed , I would not recommend this to anyone not even my worse enemy."
"Gained 60 lbs in under 9 months while taking this."
"I went on the 300 XL version for about 1.5 years when I was in College. It improved my motivation/concentration/energy/mood, but I had hallucinations. Also, I did have a few severe major depressive episodes while taking it but my rebound back to &quot;normal&quot; was quick. I stopped taking the medicine for about a year- turned into the most severe episode of depression. When I went back on it, started at 150mg SR - no problemw, then back on the 300 XL and had terrible anxiety/agitation. Switched to 200SR- it&#039;s perfect. I&#039;m not as moody/mopey/feeling sorry for myself. I don&#039;t spend hours on the couch. The fog is gone but I think I will ask my Doctor if I can take 2 x day- my fatigue/concentration are getting worse. Overall, great medication."
"I didn&#039;t want to deal with the inconvenience of a 7 day treatment which has worked so well for me before, so I decided to try the ovule. I cried first, when it got beyond tears I used a icepack. I ended up in the ER and they had to apply a numbing agent in addition to giving me an injection for the internal relief. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!"
"I have been on the combo type of birth control since I was 16. I started with the ortho lo (the basic one in movies in the round case), Yaz came out and I switched to that, I was so tired of remembering to take a pill everyday, during my yearly pap my OBGYN told me about the patch I used it for a few years and I never gained weight on the pill or ring but for some reason the patch did make me gain some weight, I was always worried I put in the wrong spot and it wasn&#039;t going to work, taking it off weekly hurt like an extra strong bandaid and left purple gluey sticky stuff I had to scrub off with alcohol. After those years I was put on the ring. My weight went back to normal, I have no pain, Insert 3 weeks, period, insert again. So easy! Love it!"
"My husband just turned 60 and started having some erectile dysfunction issues. He&#039;s doctor recommend Cialis. I want to shout from a mountain top how wonderful it is.  My husband is back and we are both generally much happier."
"Works wonders for my Skeletal Muscles and the horrible painful 24/7 spasms in my pelvis/spine area.  Even better than Baclofen or Flexeril.

I was taking Vicodin for the pain, Doc re-evaluated me and suggested this.  This works 20x better for relieving my condition and pain... and the best part is it does not make me feel high, loopy, drowsy, or much of anything but sweet sweet relief.

Forgot to take them on a two week vacation (had been on Robaxin for 2 months).. No withdrawal, no craving, nothing... Of course the painful spasms returned, but hey, it was my own fault.

No more opiates for this guy, I&#039;m a Robaxin man now."
"I was originally prescribed this for Major Depressive Disorder and Generalised Anxiety Disorder. At 20mg it didn&#039;t help at all, but once raised to 40mg and combined with an anti-psychotic (to prevent manic episodes) it worked well for 5 - 6 months.

Unfortunately it stopped working completely, quite out of the blue, and neither myself, other half or medical professionals could figure out why. It was a shame as  I had virtually no side-effects on this medication, just some &#039;bruxing&#039; (teeth grinding) at night, but not to the point where my jaw ached or anything."
"My experience was this. I was practically dying. My body was giving up. My blood pressure was 205. Pre-diabetic. LDL off-the-charts. I had joint pain, could not concentrate, acid reflex, headaches constantly to migraines, could not sleep, in dead of winter I was always too hot, would walk outside at 2am in shorts just to cool down, snoring, could not get any complete rest, and many more. I found this YT site from a Dr. William Davies, Wheat Belly. I instantly decided to quit eating ALL wheat and grains. You will be happy you did. Then I went on Phentermine 37.5mg. I was 315. Since 1/15 to 5/12, I have lost 60 pounds. I&#039;m still losing. You will find out that you need to drink lots of water because it will be difficult to urinate."
"I took Accutane back in 2002, at that time I had been struggling with juvenile acne to severe cystic acne for a long time (11 years old). I was 28 when I started taking this. It changed my life, no more heavy makeup, no more hiding my face, no more painful breakouts.
I had no side effects, nor do I have any side effects now. My acne never came back 9 years later. Some people do not have side effects to this medication and if monitored correctly it is safe and it can change your life. "
"I experience cold sores 3-4 times a year. I&#039;d run out of my prescription acyclovir which works the best for me. Walgreens only had the pump dispensed available. The product worked fairly well, but the pump dispenses 3-4 times the amount needed. It&#039;s very expensive, so too much uncontrolled wasted product!!"
"I love Implanon! I had mine placed 5 months ago. I had no period or spotting at all for the first two months. Then, I began spotting lightly every other day or so. 90% of the time, the spotting is so light, there is no need for a panty liner. It is a small, small price to pay for freedom! I absolutely love not having to worry about remembering a pill, getting refills, taking it on time, etc. As a medical student, I already have enough to remember. I am glad my birth control isn&#039;t one of them anymore! The only downside (and it is a very small one) is the huge bruise you get the week after it is placed. Not a big deal in most cases, but a little weird when your employer asks about it and asks if you are &quot;having problems at home.&quot; Otherwise, 100% pleased."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill on and off for a while now. I say about a year. And until I read everyone else&#039;s review I&#039;ve notice why I was moody for a while. Depression was bad I always thought my boyfriend didn&#039;t want me. My sex drive went up. I think my over all attitude was kind of trashy. Even if things were going ok the brighter side wouldn&#039;t make my day. I like it because I&#039;m never questioning if I&#039;m pregnant but it&#039;s best not to miss any pills where you have to take more then one at once because I became really sick...Hours of constant up chucking. I didn&#039;t notice no weight issues."
"I got the shot to control my bleeding and cramps from fibroids, so I thought...however, this has been the worst decision ever.  I have had heavy bleeding and tons of blood clots.  I only took the shot once and won&#039;t be getting it again.  Also, it has increased the acne of my face,  I&#039;m suffering with severe depression, and my sex drive is gone.  Lastly, this keeps me from wanting to have sex anymore because it&#039;s embarrassing...who wants to have sex with a blood hound!  I feel incredibly stupid because I normally do my research but I let the doctor talk me into it as she claimed it was the best option due to my challenge with high blood pressure.  This was the worst decision ever and I won&#039;t be getting it again. I&#039;m stuck riding it out!!"
"Pharmacy started giving me this drug arbitrarily when they switched to CVS. First month didn&#039;t like it- was itchy for no reason, frequent headaches that wouldn&#039;t go away. Pharmacy tech told me &quot;it can take up to 3 months to get used to it&quot; and no offer to switch. Over 4 months I gained 15 pounds, had a headache almost every other day, extreme bloating and distention, fatigue, dizziness, indigestion, hazy vision and problems with my contacts. I have been on many kinds of bc pills over the years and this is by far the worst ever. It did what it was supposed to and kept me from getting pregnant or I would have given a lower score. I couldn&#039;t take it any more- there was no &quot;getting used to&quot; it. I switched. Do NOT TAKE THIS PILL."
"I&#039;ve suffered with bad migraines as far back as I can remember and finally after 52 years they got so severe I ended up in hospital. A new doctor took my history and decided to try Depakote (500mg) for 2 weeks and then in 2 weeks double the dose. I started with the 500mg and never had to double the dose. This July 2nd 09 it will have been 2 years without any kind of headache. Not even a little one. THANKS Depakote."
"Doctors just give it out like cough medicine.  I have a from of muscular distrophy , lupron almost killed me and the doctors did not know what to do.  11 years later I am still having side effects from the synthetic hormone.  doctors should realize that one size does not fit all."
"Great for long-term dosing times. No euphoric effects after approximately 5 to 10 days. Has had roughly 50 years of testing and the &quot;do and don&#039;ts&quot; are well known."
"I have been taking this birthcontrol since I was 15 (I am now 20), had terrible, terrible acne, bad periods and vicious mood swings prior to the medication. After I started taking it my acne disappeared with in 3 days, my periods were so much better. I notice if I stop taking it I gain a crazy amount of weight and my acne instantly comes back. My mood swings and depression may have gotten worse but it was due to other mental illness stuff. I have PCOS and this helps tremendously. I stopped taking it and took another one for a while and it made things so much worse. I had to go back on this one to have regular periods and feel okay. The first week after the sugar pills are literal hell sometimes, mimics pregnancy to a T but it gets better."
"I am 20 years old. I&#039;ve had moderate acne since I was 13.  I&#039;ve never had completely clear skin since that age. I needed to get on birth control and I was a bit nervous about the side effects. I chose Yaz because the claims said it would help clear acne. When I started my first pack my breast became sore and I was slightly nauseous. Nothing seemed to happen with my skin. By my second pack I started to break out, I wasn&#039;t sure if it was the birth control or just me. The nausea went away. By the fourth pack the breakout was at its worst. I was very frustrated and wanted to quit the birth control. But by the end of my fourth pack I noticed the acne was clearing. I am now on my fifth month with only a couple small pimples and my hopes are high!"
"I was diagnosed with  bipolar manic depressive , acute anxiety, depression, ocd , borderline personality, and post traumatic stress syndrome, when I was 21... postpartum depression triggered something, I was constantly agitated and angry, and sad,  .I would wake up angry, and cry allll day...my Dr prescribed me 20 mg zyprexa and I swear to you I was terrified,  that it would take 4 to 6 weeks to really work (I didn&#039;t have 4 to 6 weeks to wait , I felt...) I was nearly over the edge completely, constantly thinking suicide, I took my first dose of zyprexa and the very next morning I woke up wonderful!!! I still get upset , but not like before, this medicine was truly a miracle for me"
"I started Wellbutrin 5 days ago. The first night I felt like my heart was racing and pounding but it went away the next day. Then at work for the past 2 days I have been sweating excessivley and getting the feeling that I need to sit. Last night after taking the medication for 5 days I had the feeling that my head weighed a 1000 pounds and I just felt so dizzy, lightheaded, and weak I could barely walk right. I went to lay down to sleep and all of a sudden I couldn&#039;t swallow and was gasping for air. It was so scary. I just couldn&#039;t catch my breath. I could feel my throat closing up. I was rushed to E.R and they found I was having an allergic reaction to it."
"I&#039;m 71 years old and have congestive heart failure.  I had a massive heart attack 21 years ago.  I have taken 50 mg of Cozaar and 100 mg of Coreg daily since each has been available, with no side effects.  Initially my LVEF was about 20.  It is now about 30-35.  My blood pressure runs about 98/66.  I have had no remodeling.  My heart has stayed at the upper limit of normal size all this time.  I feel I owe my life to these two medicines."
"Female, 43, 270.  After reading many reviews on this site I was very nervous about starting Contrave.  I have been battling my weight for as long as I can remember.  Recently I hit my highest point when I went on a medication for depression and anxiety.  I started the week of April 17 with a low carb diet as well.  1 week later I am down 9 pounds!!  I haven&#039;t really had any of the side effects that some people talk about.  I did have a very bad migraine one day (never get), but other than that nothing I can&#039;t deal with.  At this point, I am willing to try anything.  Today, I start the 1 pill morning, 1 pill evening regimen.  I am hoping with the increased dosage, I will still feel ok.  I&#039;m praying that this will help."
"This has helped me tremendously. No face pain at all having Trigeminal Disorder. The pain can make you crazy. No pain pills helped at all. Take 450 mg every night and go right to sleep. Slept in a chair for 6 weeks keeping my head up and not being able to lay down in my bed to sleep. Cried every night with pain. Feel a little drowsy, fatigued and weakness some days but I&#039;d rather deal with that instead of the pain. It&#039;s been two months now and I feel so much better. Good luck to all."
"I use Dextrostat for adult ADHD and have found it to be very effective in controlling my symptoms without any adverse effects."
"Its been  8 hours I took the second dose and  I feel no different, my throat started hurting more after I took it  the first time and horrible acidic stomach pain after the second dose.  I am not sure if I should wait until the 24 hours.. but so far I&#039;m not liking this medicine."
"I&#039;m on my first week of this pill and let me tell you, I&#039;m really considering just to stop taking it. I have been so depressed and emotional the past few days I feel like there is nothing to look forward to in life. Also I spot every day and it yes so annoying because I want to wear my &quot;nice underwear&quot; but can&#039;t and I really don&#039;t want to wear a pad all the time. I know my body is getting used to it so I will try my best to continue it. Everyone is different and I hope that they are having a lot better experiences with it than I."
"I&#039;ve been on the pill a couple months now and love it. No weight gain, it has cleared up my skin, prevented pregnancy, regulated and lightened my periods. My only compliant is that I have no appetite at all and I&#039;m constantly thirsty, which is annoying. Other than that, nothing but a positive experience all around and my skin has never looked more flawless!"
"Extremely effective. Takes several weeks for your body to adjust to the flushing side effect. It will eventually go away."
"I am a 43 year old male. I recently was diagnosed with high blood pressure 190/104. My doctor started me on 5mg per day for the first month. Raised it to 10mg per day on the 2nd month and 20mg per day on the 3rd month. Recently I started having random and uncontrollable bouts of diarrhea. I am also tired all the time with low energy levels. I am an Electrical contractor, before I started taking this medicine, I was a high energy, multi-tasker. Now, although my blood pressure is under control, I am tired most of the time and at times I can&#039;t seem to think clearly enough to perform the complex logical tasks that my job requires. The Diarrhea is sometimes UNCONTROLLABLE."
"I found this drug to have very little effect on my fibromyaliga, even when I used the maximum dose prescribed by my doctor."
"Taking it for 3 weeks; now am at 2 in am and 2 in pm.   Had little dizziness, which went away.  No other side effects.  Initially it made me hungrier, which I thought was crazy.  This has had no impact on lessening my hunger or cravings. I&#039;ll be talking to my physician about it.  I don&#039;t see a need to continue this."
"I started on this pill 5 years ago (at age 20) due to extremely painful cramps that prohibited me from attending class. 
5 years later and I still love it! I went off it once for a few months at one point to see if the pill had caused weight gain; it hadn&#039;t. 
I do not get acne outbreaks, I&#039;ve only had a handful of times where I had to take two due to forgetting the day before, and have overall had a positive experience from this pill. Libido has decreased a bit but that&#039;s the cost you pay to not get pregnant.. My cramps are significantly less, perhaps every other month I do feel some pain but it&#039;s manageable by over the counter meds, which before was not possible. I&#039;ll likely stay on this until starting a family/make the IUD switch"
"I&#039;m a 25 year old female. I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s in August 2011. I had a bowel resection at the end of September due to the severity of my illness. I&#039;ve been taking Pentasa for about 3 months now and feel good, but my hair has been falling out like crazy. I read a normal person loses 50-100 strands a day, I&#039;m losing probably triple that. It&#039;s really depressing, I&#039;m switching to another medicine to see if that helps with the hair loss. Other than that I haven&#039;t had any side affects. Good luck!"
"Botox is the only medicine that has stopped my migraines for 4-5 months at a time. I&#039;ve had migraines for over 40 years now and I&#039;m very happy that it is now approved by the FDA for migraine treatment."
"Keep taking it for the side effects. The four hour erection hasn&#039;t happened yet but still hoping, hoping I&#039;m not alone at the time!"
"Started taking this pill 3 months ago. Worked fine the first month. No spotting or anything, now I&#039;m on month 3 and I have been on a heavy flow peorid for 3 weeks. Acne is acting out. And massive weight gain. Used to weigh 120 and now I weigh 134. Do not recommend this drug"
"My wife and I have been on Suboxone for about 2 years. We have linked obesity to the side effects. Suboxone drastically slows down your digestive track. It&#039;s not limited to just the digestion track. Anyone taking Suboxone will notice a number of things, In males the number of sperm released is also greatly affected. In Humans Suboxone does something to the human body that restricts dilatation of vascular digestive function in tube like organs. The vas deferens during ejaculation, prostate control, (premature ejaculation), sphincter dilation, and lower digestive track speeds. People will gain weight over time."
"My husband is in the hospital right now and they put a brand new knee in and he was doing pretty good until they gave him that drug.  It was horrible for him.  He was like a different  person.  He did not know where he was or even who we were.  He was screaming for someone to call the police.  I cannot imagine anyone taking that.  Norco 10 is the strongest thing he can take and that is just one pill when needed.  He took one dose of that and that is all....horrible experience for him."
"Honestly, when I set out to try this - I wasn&#039;t too sure what to expect. My skin was awful, and the horrid acne I had was so painful and built up that I couldn&#039;t properly cover it with makeup any more. 

I went on a combination of Duac gel and an antibiotic two months ago. Today, I only have one spot. 

I began to notice a difference to my skin the day after I first applied it. My skin had dried out immensely and the spots seemed to be going down. I was so happy. 

For the first three or so weeks of using Duac, my skin was a rollercoaster. At first my face was getting so dry that by the morning I was putting on a hefty layer of e45 cream under my makeup. Now, I don&#039;t use any. My skin no longer needs it. It&#039;s changed the oiliness of my skin"
"I was prescribe this medicine for sinus infection.  I thought I had taken it before, but maybe not.  I started it on a Wednesday evening with the first dose to be taken every 12 hours.  I believe it was the next day I started feeling nauseated after taking it.  Saturday I was headed out, so grabbed my pills so I could take them after eating something.  I got so nauseated I thought I would not make it back home, just a really bad ill feeling.  By Friday evening I had diarrhea that has last into Sunday.  I think I&#039;m done taking this and will call the doctor tomorrow for something else because I also have a cough and the two don&#039;t mix very well."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication now for 3 months and I&#039;ve noticed my depression is A LOT better. I do get down when PMSing (more so than normal).  I&#039;d rate it higher if it weren&#039;t for the electric shock feeling I get through my body if I don&#039;t take it at the same time everyday and my lack of a sex drive. I&#039;ve tried Zoloft (worked for 4 months or so and stopped working for me) and Effexor (I felt constant rage in my chest), so far the Viibryd is the best of the 3.  I also have post traumatic stress disorder so now I am looking to see if it&#039;s possible to add a medication to the Viibryd for this as it does not help for PTSD.  I take Xanax occasionally as needed for anxiety."
"I have horrible acne but just starting Lo Loestrin has cleared up my skin so much! I&#039;m on my 9th day. I noticed I cry really easy now but not the bad kind for no reason I cry for sad movies and when I gave my rabbit away because we are moving. I&#039;m 23 and don&#039;t use it for painful periods but to help with my mood and acne. I&#039;ll have to wait and see if it helps with my mood. I did notice I don&#039;t sleep as much. I need a good 10 hours at night and nap. Hope it works for others too."
"Was on spironolactone for 5 yrs with terrible side effects, name it I had it. The breast soreness is what did it for me, and finally I stumbled into eplerenone after 5 yrs of suffering through spironolactone.
Eplerenone works great for me with minimum or no side effects and the most important thing is that there is NO MORE BREAST PAIN. My blood pressure is under control and my potassium is 4.5.  I incorporated a work out schedule with this medication 2-4 times a week."
"Well....50 pounds gained later I&#039;m not very happy with this pill.  I&#039;ve talked to my doctor numerous times about this side effect and she says you will feel hungry all the time but you just need to tell yourself not to eat.  The weight gain has made me depressed and self conscious, beginning to think this pill is not worth taking.  Other than that, it has helped my periods and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so that&#039;s a plus."
"I was given a script for Taytulla to help with my PCOS. I&#039;ve gone through one packet. This will be my only packet of it. It has caused mood swings. It has amplified my anxiety. It has made me depressed. It&#039;s caused horrible fatigue. When I got my period, my cramps have been worse than they&#039;ve ever been in my life, and that&#039;s quite the accomplishment because they&#039;ve always been bad. My period has been a flood. I&#039;ve had to empty my menstrual cup every five hours, when I usually only have to do so every 10 hours."
"NEVER NEVER take this garbage!!!! 2 hours after inserting I wanted to die. Screaming and crying in unbearable pain! This stuff should not be allowed to be sold. Go to the doctor. Do not take the chance of this terrible awful pain."
"I bled abnormaly every week but this pill straighten me out in less then one week! I highly recommend this"
"Tried quitting cold turkey and was so grumpy had to decide between quitting or my marriage, chose marriage. Tried Zyban, quit after 10 days, been a month and have not had any sign of grumpiness, withdrawl or anxiety. I call them my magic pills"
"What in the hell have I done to myself! "
"I had been suffering from Ankylosing Spondylitis for quite a number of years. I had tried NSAID&#039;s with very little improvement, therefore I had no option but to trial Anti-TNF therapy as a last resort. I had originally tried Humira without much improvement at all. I then went on to try Simponi, which improved my physical condition dramatically within the first day of the injection, however seemed to have a psychotic effect on my brain over the couple of months of been on it. I did recover once I stopped the Simponi. I then got onto Enbrel around sometime after and seemed to have improvement within a couple of days of having the injection. I did have itchiness which in hindsight was a minimal problem."
"I took this as I was not sleeping well with Parkinson&#039;s Disease I fell several times and really hurt myself.  My balance was much worse."
"I was diagnosed with anal HPV last month. This week will be my 5th week on this creme and since last week I noticed my GW are gone! I didn&#039;t have serious pain, but there was some redness, itching, and mild pain, but that&#039;s how u know it&#039;s working.  The goal was &quot;irritation&quot; my doctor said.  I used it 5x&#039;s a week before bedtime for 3 weeks then when it got irritated I went to 3 x&#039;s a week. I used the entire packet at each application and rubbed the creme into the wart and surrounding skin. I did get itching about 4 hours after application. In the mornings I washed it off. I&#039;m happy this medicine worked for me. Don&#039;t be afraid to try it."
"This medicine is pure trash and so are these &quot;paid reviews&quot; all over the web.  I asked my physician to prescribe this medication after discussing the medication.  I was told it has an antidepressant and helps to regulate emotional eating.  HOWEVER!  I did not research this medication in depth until I purchased it for $100 (after downloading the online coupon).  

When the pharmacist gave it to me, they informed me three times that the medication was non-refundable (which I should have known then).  I also received a 6 page, 2 sided 8x10 list of warnings.  This made me go home and actually do in depth research and prompted me to read experiences from other users.  They warned of headaches and nausea among other things.  Continued on next post....."
"I have been on Trulicity 12 weeks now.  The first 2 weeks I was on the .75mg injection then went to 1.5mg. The first 2 days after my injection I am very nauseated and usually vomit around 4am. My issue is indigestion and of course nausea and vomiting. I have found that eating no greasy foods, dairy products and no eating past 6pm has helped me tremendously on cutting down on the indigestion and nausea and vomiting. My blood sugars are doing great and my A1C is coming down. I like so many others do not have an appetite and I experience diarrhea often. I have lost 34 pounds so far. I am very happy with the medication and just learning what you can and cannot eat is the key factor."
"I am 23 years old and have not had any children and I believe this is a lot of the reason why paragard reeked such havoc on my uterus and body. I gave Paragard a shot because I was told it was one of the most &quot;natural&quot; forms of birth control and I have never met a pill that I could tolerate. I thought the no hormones involved with the Paragard would be the answer for me. I had the IUD in for a year and was miserable the whole year. Here were some of my symptoms...
Chronic lower back pain which made it uncomfortable to sit for long periods of time, Sharp pain in my right hip area which travelled down my leg to my foot, 2 week long periods with heavy flow &amp; painful cramps, Light headedness when exercising, anxiety, mood swings, irritability."
"Avoid this if you can. I had my son In April and lost all of my baby weight and then some within the first month postpartum. At my 6 week ppd appt I decided to get the implant due to ease and effectiveness. Insertion easy and I was really looking forward to getting intimate again with my husband. Unfortunately though, two weeks later and my sex drive was gone, I was having anger outbursts daily and I fell in a deep depression. I began getting acne and gained 20 lbs rapidly. I realized that it had to be my bc so I had it removed. two weeks later and I can safely say that my sanity, relationship and body are all finally healing. Sex drive is rockin, I can smile, my energy is back and I&#039;ve lost 6lbs!!"
"My experience: I&#039;m 18 years old, and this birth control is amazing! Hardly use condoms with my spouse and I&#039;ve been protected for 2 and half years. The only bad side, is the bleeding and discharge. I&#039;ve been bleeding non stop and cannot tell what&#039;s my period and what&#039;s just blood. The other down side, is headaches and the blood! It&#039;s annoying to want to get intimate and have a pile of blood in your underwear. If you&#039;re looking for protection I highly recommend this, but if you mind bleeding and the other mishaps then try the pill!!"
"Greater Trochanteric Bursitis diagnosis, did Physical Therapy, cortisone injections, tight IT bands, stabbing, shooting pain from hip to ankle. Was put on Gabapentin, I only take at night due to some &quot;drunk feeling&quot; side effects. I can sleep most of the night.  After an X-ray, two MRI&#039;s finally found out I have a full tear of the gluteus minimus in left hip and partial in right. I will continue taking til surgery and probably after as well, as I can only have one side repaired at a time.  Has seemed to work wonders for me!"
"My depression began slowly at first, then all at once I couldn&#039;t bear myself anymore. I am a sophomore in college (female). In the evenings and going on into the night, my mood dropped so fast and I would get so sad over nothing. After talking to a counsellor, and making the tough choice to medicate, she put me on a starting dose of 50 MG Zoloft. After taking the first pill, I was doing some research and had myself so freaked out that night that the side effects would be awful. I was so worried I would have to skip work or class. I have been on the medication a few weeks now and I had zero problems! I could not be more impressed. My moods are already stabilizing and I feel so much better already! Good luck to anyone starting!!"
"Problem developed with inability to have proper bowel movement. Difficult to overcome until I was told to take Dulcolax with each dosage of Lortab 5/500 or 5/325. Cleared problem up. Gradually &quot;got off&quot; Lortab by slowly decreasing dosage over period of about a week as recommended by physician."
"I have Behcet&#039;s, Castleman, fibromyalga, osteoporosis, degenerative disc disease. All equals severe pain. I tried everything. I now take Opana 30 ER 4 times a day and Norco 10/325 8 times a day for breakthrough pain. Before the Opana I wanted to die to get away from the pain. I couldn&#039;t play with my 4 kids. All they heard was not right now mommy hurts. Now I have my pain under control and I can live my life and play with my kids."
"Have been on Livalo for a few years, 2mg a day. I&#039;m a female, 58, 5&#039;3, normal-petite. First I have to say reading all the reviews r not useful to many people. U cannot compare yourself to a 75 yr old or a 35 yr old or even female/male. I feel u can only find answers when u compare yourself to the same type of person. I do not take any other medication except for Xanax for panic/anxiety disorder. After a few years of taking Livalo I&#039;m experiencing horrible joint pains in my toes and feet. I feel like I&#039;m 78 when I get up in the morning. There is no history of arthritis in my family. My mother lived to 94, my dad 92. They had little health issues but not til they were old. I&#039;m so depressed now, I don&#039;t want to be around friends. My feet hurt"
"I was Rx&#039;d Remeron for PTSD physical issues. After years of treatment for vertigo &#039;imbalance &#039; and &#039;globular&#039; sensation my doctor prescribed me many medications.  This one finally worked!  Although I gained 35 pounds because it increases your appetite. I&#039;m so happy to not have vertigo or any other symptoms. We will see I how I do off it. I&#039;ve been off it for 2 months now with no side effects at all:)"
"I went in for a check up and got news this morning I had Chlaymida. I was super sketched out by the powder because I was told I&#039;d be getting 4 pills to take and it&#039;s my first time so I had no idea what to even think. I mixed it in with my water chugged it gagged and almost puked. I ate immediately after, and had to go to work my stomach started to hurt super bad and I had to run to the toilet. That was at like 12 this morning and here I am at 7:54 and my stomach is still killing me, I pray it goes away soon."
"I started breaking out when I got to college. I decided to address the problem before it got worse, even though the acne wasn&#039;t that bad. She gave me a prescription for Tretinoin X cream. I put it on every night.
The first week, I felt like someone had rubbed sandpaper across my face. It was AWFUL. My skin was red and irritated and it hurt like hell even when nothing was touching it.
The next week, the pain and irritation slowly subsided. The following, my face erupted in pimples. That lasted into the fourth week. It was worse than it had ever been.
After that, my face magically cleared up. It was amazing. Except for a very few minor spots, my skin is nearly flawless. 
The beginning sucks, but STICK IT OUT. You won&#039;t regret it."
"This is only day 2 for me, and you&#039;d think that&#039;d be slightly early to review the med. However, I&#039;ve felt so much better already having had the edge taken off my latest serious bout of depression. No bad side effects yet- only some thirst, slight sore head now and again - probably due to the thirst. Slept great, and still bright and able to work. I was on quetiapine last year for my depression and that was awful- felt like a zombie and I was listless most of the day. The treatments are night and day for me. Lately I had tried other means to alleviate my depression, but sometimes you&#039;ve just got to ask for help, and I&#039;m glad I did and received this little wonder."
"Struggled considerably with excessive sweating starting at age 14. A close friend told me in college about how well Rx Drysol had worked for her, so I talked with my doctor. Long story short: after using Drysol exactly as prescribed during my 20s and 30s, my underarm sweating was 100% eradicated. Was able to switch to over-the-counter antiperspirants/deodorants for decades. Only now, pushing sixtysomething, did I need to request another Rx for Drysol after noticing some perspiration begin. After only a few applications, that problem too was solved!

Drysol = an unforgettable quality-of-life improvement! Would 1,000% recommend it to anyone struggling with excessive sweating. 

PS. Cardinal Rule:  APPLY DRYSOL SPARINGLY!!"
"I was on Microgestin for about 3 years. Over the past year, I started to get extremely bad headaches during the sugar pill week. I took extra strength Tylenol the entire week, twice a day, and it still didn&#039;t make my headaches go away. I also would feel very lightheaded and nauseous. I had to leave work early, it was bad. The only good thing was I&#039;ve had the same box of tampons for the entire year. I barely had a period. Oh yeah, I also got high pigmentation right above my lips. They call it a &quot;pregnancy mask&quot; but you can get it with certain birth control. It is very dark and it is difficult to hide with makeup! I&#039;m not a big fan of having a weird skin mustache so I went off it."
"I am very angry, upset, frustrated when I had heard recently that is medication has been taken off the market recently, This is the only medication that works on my allergies and believe me I have tried Allerga, Clartin, Zyrtec, Benadryl, Sudafed, you name it, tried it. Nothing else works. My eyes are swelling, my nose is running and I am using 2 different medicines just to keep it at bay, but it not clearing it up. Please get this back out to the pharmacy. There are a lot of us that use this medication that are severe allergy suffers.  Help us get this back to the pharmacy."
"It definitely kills my appetite. However, I&#039;m dizzy, constipated and have headaches.  I also feel a bit anxious.  I&#039;m having trouble remembering things as well. That&#039;s the worst part.  I&#039;ve been on the medication for 2 months.I&#039;m only eating about 1000 calories a day and have only lost 3 pounds. Granted, I&#039;ve had bronchitis twice during this time and haven&#039;t exercised.  I will give this another month because I have about that much of it left. But if I don&#039;t lose something during that time, I&#039;m done."
"This is a great medication. I finished the sample pack that my doctor gave me and I&#039;m down about 8 pounds. I was really looking forward to having the prescription filled...but my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it. Even with a discount card from Saxenda, it would have cost over $900. This doesn&#039;t make sense! The only side effects I&#039;ve experienced were a little bit of nausea, heartburn and feeling a little more tired than usual. The weight loss had already made me feel better so it was worth it. I have a follow-up in a few days and am anxious to talk with my doctor about what I can do to continue on this medication. Good luck to all of you and I&#039;m so glad your insurance covers Saxenda!"
"Taste is not horrible but not great. Little too sweet for me, but I am not into sweets. I found it harder to drink the second portion. I highly rcommend licking a lemon wedge after each gulp, helps a lot. I spent a lot of time on the toilet. I drank second portion at 8pm and was still going at 12am. Also, this continued the next morning, obviously not as much though. It did its job cleaning me out. No abdominal cramping or pain; however, after drinking first portion some upper stomach cramping but not bad. Giving it a 9 not a 10 because the taste could be better and I spent a lot of time on the toilet."
"Horrible!!!!!!!! I tried 10mg for 2 days over the weekend and stayed awake they most if it I took it 39 minutes before bedtime as directed 7:30pm and 11:00pm I was wide awake I am so upset I had to purchase over the counter unisom to get a nights rest on Sunday in fear of starting the work week dead tired since I didn&#039;t get any rest this weekend now I have to go back to my doctor and see what he suggests I had to get prior authorizations to get approval from my insurance company for this waste of time extremely disappointed DO NOT waste your or your doctors time read the other reviews most DO NOT have good experiences with this medication your better costly and sleep with generic Ambein"
"I have a type of neuropathy that basically cripples me. I was taking oxycodone for years but it just made it so I could function. When my doctor prescribed Fentora it was like a miracle. I can live now. Not just get by."
"THIS DRUG KILLS. IT SHOULD BE TAKEN OFF THE MARKET. A few days after beginning taking this medication, my father started acting very strange and aggressive. He told his doctor he was feeling emotional, the doctor had him continue taking the drug. Ten days later, he put a gun to his head and killed himself. I filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and requested a list of all the adverse effects reported in association with this drug over the past couple years. There were SIXTY cases that ended in death. My suggestion: read through all the reviews here before you start taking this drug. They are messing with a part of the brain that shouldn&#039;t be touched, and the company&#039;s clinical trials were NOT thorough."
"I used Elavil for 2 months I use it only as needed. When I do use it works like a miracle."
"Observer: My boyfriend has drank for over 25 years...morning to night brandy whisky....enlarged liver, bloated belly, sickness, malnutrition, bleeding from ulcerated stomach, bowel cancer..but is recovered .

He IS on Librium now 120 mg a day. 3rd day in snoozing peacefully. No sickness this time, not a noticeable shake, eating fine and a tonic water. I snooze peacefully now because WE want to live. 
"
"I was prescribed venlafaxine a year ago after a suicide attempt. After about four weeks on 150mg once a day 
I started to feel less miserable all the time and a bit more sociable. However, the side effects have affected my life quite a lot. I am now constantly getting sweaty, often feel restless (especially at night) and I have little to no sex drive. The side effects of skipping a pill (just one day) are also extremely drastic. Nausea, vomiting, crying, headaches and my anxiety problems are exacerbated to the max. It is not helpful at all to my anxiety, I have been prescribed buspirone for that on top as I am still having frequent panic attacks, etc."
"Been on this birth control now for 4 months. It works well as it prevents pregnancy, but so far, I&#039;ve had very heavy periods and severe cramps and tons of chin acne. Yaz never gave me these issues. I want to switch, but doctor told me to give it another 3 months to see what happens. If I still don&#039;t like it, then she said I can switch. I must stick it out until then."
"Got from VL120000 to undetectable in just a month, take it with Truvada once a day (I don&#039;t mind taking 2 pills a day at all), CD4 went from 530 to 980, a great combination for me with almost no side effects (was having some mild headaches, they are gone now). It&#039;s been 2 months since I started and I feel much better now, gained about 10lbs back. You must NOT wait to start your treatment, there is no benefit to it, don&#039;t let the virus kill your brain cells, destroy your immunity system, start ASAP. I just wish I could have started sooner (insurance problems, the drugs are way too expensive). Good luck!"
"I was diagnosed with Polycystic ovarian syndrome after thinking I was pregnant, because I hadn&#039;t had a cycle in 4 months. My ob ran tests and found I had a hormonal disorder PCOS and to force a period prescribed me Provera once a month for 10 days. It made me have all the regular PMS symptoms, but I also have experienced prolonged, heavy flow."
"Here&#039;s the deal.  Yes - I lost weight.  At first, it was great!  I exercise on top of it, so I noticed pretty quickly.  At the same time, I was eating ... just making better choices and not so ravenous.  The side effects started right away and were mild in the beginning - but then - 6 months into it - they were terrible ... I just recently stopped because I couldn&#039;t take it.  My insomnia was the worse ... I would wak up @ 300 and not be able to fall asleep again, and the depression!!!  OMG ... I didn&#039;t realize I was kind of getting more and more deep.  But I was also convinced that the medicine had to be taken - I HAD to keep losing weight!!  Dry mouth, heart palpitations (with chest pain)-would like this last year back!! It&#039;s not worth it!"
"Im a 29 year old woman who recently has voluntarily lost 40lbs (from 220) after having emergency gallbladder surgery that could have been prevented had i have chosen healthier/ less fast fat foods for years. Now i suffer from IBS with constipation &amp; the pain from that brings me to tears. After trying everything else i grabbed ducolax pink &amp; i couldnt believe it. It cleared my colon out &amp; I lost 3 lbs of poo weight. I knew what to exspect (side effects wise) with this type of laxative. This works better than magnesium sitrate for me. I just felt the normal belly rumbles that comes with taking a huge poop. I even loved the fact it still worked the next day. I went to work and everything. I took 2 pink pills with a litre water at 8pm thank u"
"I have been using the NuvaRing for a bit over 2 weeks now.  I love it. I was a bit cautious about having sex with it, and worried that my boyfriend would feel it inside my vagina. He can&#039;t feel it and I have never experienced a &quot;slipping out&quot; or was afraid that I was going to lose it during sex. I know everyone&#039;s body is different. For me, I&#039;m small 100lbs 5 feet, the other two oral birth control pill I&#039;ve tried Ortho-tricylen and Aviane both made me horribly moody and I had non-stop breakthrough bleeding on Aviane.  

Overall, I say NuvaRing is the best birth control yet.  My sex drive is boosted, I can forget I&#039;m even using birth control for three weeks, and I am not moody at all. I feel like a teenager again."
"In the 1st week of taking this medicine I slept like a teenager. Could sleep day and night. After that developed severe insomnia, up all night and all day. Also had noticed increased gas and had tight jaws from clenching and grinding my teeth. In addition had increased episodes of irregular heart beat."
"I&#039;m SUPER sensitive to medications. On 500mg for 5 days, had a sinus infection for about 6 weeks now. So far, I can&#039;t sleep really at all, but looks like you can take a Benadryl or something with it that may help you sleep.  Will discuss with doctor. 

Hesitant about taking this because of all the comments here and the (black box warning) about the medication that everyone should read about Levofloxacin (google it). I&#039;m feeling really scattered and can&#039;t focus mentally, insomnia and dizziness if I get up too quickly are the biggest issues.  I am not taking any of my usual vitamins and no gym, but so far ok. Will update if any changes.

*Update, I ended up having to cut the pills in half per doc ok. I felt so awful."
"I got this back in 2006 so I wouldn&#039;t have to take any pills, I bled the entire first year....seriously. The second year was way better and so was the third year until December. That&#039;s when the bleeding started again on and off; that went on for like three months and now it has started again. I will be getting it removed in a month and I think I will gain much peace of mind. I have been very moody and my sex drive is no where to be seen. The one good thing about it was my periods were very light, that I will miss."
"I have been on methadone since 1998 and it&#039;s the best pain reliever on the market today. I have been prescribed almost everything for my pain and nothing would touch it. It might have taken the pain away for a short period of time, then I would have to take another pill. Methadone is unique because it has what the doctors call a (HALF LIFE), This means when you take methadone it doesn&#039;t (PEAK) out in 2-4 hours, it last the whole day. Like other pain pills such as Oxycontin, Vicodin, Demerol, or any other opiate, they Peak out at about 2-4 hours. In the last ten plus years I have been taking Methadone, I have been able to function, do normal day to day operations, and even maintain a full-time job. Methadone is the best pain pill out there."
"I have been on the NuvaRing (NR) for about 6 months. Although it is extremely convenient, I have had the worst mood swings EVER. The mood swings over power the convenience of the NR for me. I have also gained about 10-15 pounds, which is not normal for me at all (20 years old), low to really no sex drive, headaches, nausea.  I know side effects are different for everyone, but I wanted to let someone else know my problems before they have to deal with them. 
"
"Downside for me with Pradaxa was severe acid reflux.  Neither my doctor nor my pharmacist told me until I complained of this that Pradaxa works in an acidic environment so they put acid in the capsule.  This was particularly difficult at night. I was taking Tums by the handful.  Within a day of not taking it, the acid reflux disappeared.  I&#039;m now trying Xarelto.  So far, no upset stomach."
"Type II diabetic since 2003. Been on Metformin, Avandia, glyburide, Lantus, and Novalog either as monotherapy or in combinations. Been on pump since 2007 and got through 2 pregnancies with pump. Endocrinologist recommended this so I can reduce my insulin uptake and hopefully, get off the pump (weight gain and complacent with diet on pump). So far I&#039;ve only been on Invokana 4 days. Lost 8 pounds, reduced appetite, more water intake. Noticed you need to watch carbs or sugar will spike. I&#039;m still on Metformin 2000mg/day and pump but barely any insulin. Will stay on this for a while to see if I can get off the pump (my goal) and lose more weight."
"I had a horrific experience with the mirena. The insertion was the worst pain I&#039;ve ever felt in my life. It was absolutely horrific. I was covered in sweat and I almost lost consciousness from the pain. The following 2 days, I took 3 ibuprofen every 6 hours and I was still in so much pain that I could hardly bear to eat. I knew I needed a stronger pain med but had no confidence I could drive myself to the doctor&#039;s office.  3 months later, I had my first panic attack completely unprovoked. I&#039;ve had anxiety since then, and horrific, severe acne unlike anything I&#039;ve ever had. Removal was just as painful. The strings were cut too short so I need to get it surgically removed under general anesthesia next week. I can&#039;t wait. I&#039;ve had it for 5 mo"
"I have been on Tamoxifen for three months. I was put on it because of my increased risk for developing breast cancer. I have had no side effects at all. I also feel much calmer and relaxed. Before my period I would get very emotional and moody. Since I no longer have periods, I no longer experience this. I seem to be craving candy, but probably just trying to blame my sweet tooth on something besides my lack of will power. I have also lost 8 pounds."
"I love Allerx but can&#039;t afford $500 month for it."
"I lived with severe heartburn for years.  It was absolutely crippling at times.  I had to essentially watch everything I ate and drank.  Aciphex gave me my life back.  I recommend looking into it as a possible treatment."
"On it for almost 2 weeks.  First week tried 15mg (2 at night and 1 around 2pm). Had huge improvement on head sweats by the end of the week 7/10, feet was a bit better 4/10 although noticed was getting drowsy / lowering of my heart rate during the day.  Opted to do just 10mg (2 at night) and side effects much better and sweating issue still getting better.  Feet still a bit warm although not the dripping mess they were.  Social and professional impact 10/10 so is looking like a definite alternative to the ETS knife.   Hoping feet will improve over the coming weeks!"
"Helps me get things done and to focus.  No adverse side affects."
"After years and years of self medicating and over medicating on co- codamol. Chewing ibupufren, even nasal surgery to relieve severe sinus pain I was prescribed amatriptyline 10mg at night. Immediately, or at least the next morning, after the best nights sleep I&#039;d had in years, the pain was GONE !! It became apparent, though, after a few weeks that my sex drive had also GONE!! What a dilemma for a 45 yr old, normally virile bloke. If I&#039;m honest, after all the years of pain and worry I&#039;d had over taking so many pain killers, it was a small sacrifice to make. Unfortunately, my partner didn&#039;t see it in the same light, understandably...Oh well ?"
"About 5 years ago I noticed that I was getting extremely upset over little things. I talked to my doctor about it and we decided it was most likely depression causing the erratic moods and sleeplessness. She put me on Lexapro. The first 2 weeks were great but then the side effects were too much. I felt like I was on a roller coaster and when I got upset, I would be filled with rage. I had to stop taking it and switched to Zoloft. I like it but now I am looking for something else because I just don&#039;t feel like I am living life just cruizing through it."
"I had a very nasty side-effect of intense nightmares with Inderal"
"should come in a stronger dosage"
"I had such a difficult time getting this approved through my insurance, however, finally I did for $80.00.  What a huge disappointment!!  I have suffered with chronic pain, degenerative arthritis, and insomnia for years.  I was hopeful after watching the commercial, that finally I would find an effective medication.  To my surprise, all it did was help keep me up all night, some ringing in the ears, and absolutely no rest!!  Anyone who says this medication is helpful, must be experiencing the placebo effect."
"Get Sklice. Do not stop, call your Dr and go straight to the pharmacy. This magical lotion is totally miraculous!! No side effects- and it was gentle for 6 months old. I used on my 2 year old. Seriously, I honestly would have cut my girls hair without it. This is the second time we&#039;ve used it and it kills bugs AND nits. I comb all the nits out after to be 100% sure of no reoccurrence, but I think it works as is. It is very expensive though, so use the Sklice coupon on the website and its cheaper.  You won&#039;t regret it. (Why don&#039;t more parents know about this? Sanofi you need to be running advertising on this! Retarget lice searches!)"
"I&#039;ve taking topamax for three years.  It helped but I started getting eye pain behind my left eye.  My eye would throb like a bird was pecking at it. I went to several doctors about it and U of L dr. figured it out...it was topamax causing the problem.  I&#039;m  off of the meds.and having very little pain behind my eye."
"I&#039;m 54 yrs old now &amp; I&#039;ve struggled most my life with severe depression and anxiety. Many issues in my life would be intense and just make me be so upset. Taking this Lamictal now for 2 months at 200mg. Has so much stabilized my mood. I&#039;ve been so much more settle and handling situations more calmly . A Great medicine. "
"We began with night wakings then more aggression. He was never aggressive like this before. Raised to 2 mg symptoms increased again. Still hyper and seemed worse than before. Upon reducing back to 1 mg to none it&#039;s been a nightmare. Red red cheeks. Bouncing off walls. Bouncing Up till 3 am. Starting to come down a bit but oh my god the havoc on his mind and body and us plus no sleep. Doc said there wouldn&#039;t be any withdrawal "
"GREAT for anxiety. The ONLY problem I&#039;ve had is after taking it regularly, when I try to reduce the dosage or frequency, my anxiety increases."
"I am on my 3rd refill have lost 57lbs as of this morning! The only side effect I have had is a little dry mouth! This medicine continues to be magical for me!  Went to my doctor for a check up and prescription renewal, HE COULD NOT BELIEVE MY PROGRESS! He knew very little about the medicine until I enlightened him. He now is praising it and has prescribed it to 3 new people!"
"I&#039;ve been on Saxenda for 4 weeks after trying unsuccessfully for about 12 months to lose any weight at all. I&#039;ve lost 6 pounds, which is awesome for me. I just started the 3.0 dose this week, so I haven&#039;t even been at full efficacy. The side effects have been mild and tolerable... a little nausea after each bump in dose, some heartburn, and fatigue. They seem to be getting better the longer I am on the medicine. I got a discount card from the Saxenda website that keeps my co-pay at $30."
"About 3 years ago I was on Lexapro 10mg, then I was off. Then about 9 months ago I was on Lexapro 10mg again then up to 20mg but my libido pretty much became non existent. I had weight gain, I tried working out but it didn&#039;t help the problem. It worked with my anxiety but after a while I felt like it was wearing off and I was becoming accustomed. I had lost my job and had no insurance so I couldn&#039;t afford my Lexapro, so I was cut off up until about 3 days ago. The withdrawals were INSANE, I had so many attacks and brain zaps I really wanted to crash my car into incoming traffic, I would have my mom come pick me up while I would park on the side of the road."
"I got diagnosed with chondromalacia in both knees 7 years ago. Fast forward to the present, it&#039;s now osteoarthritis in both knees and clearly visible on xray. I got the Orthovisc shots for the first time this month. The shots are rather unpleasant, sure, but they are totally worth it. Your knees will be rather sore for the next 24 hours, but it&#039;s tolerable. I&#039;m extremely pleased with the results. I had been taking Voltaren for a few years, and that only alleviated the worst of the symptoms. The stiffness from sitting long periods or waking up in the morning is almost completely gone. Stairs no longer hurt. I still have to ice my knees and experience some stiffness after workouts. Nothing will bring my old knees back, I guess."
"I tried Nucynta, it did not help the pain. I had a headache from it and it made my right leg numb. I had a stroke 20 years ago. "
"Started  Simponi  in  February  and  so  far  nothing  has  changed,  still  pain,  swelling  and  disease  getting  worse.  I hope  you  never  have  a  problem  with  an  injection  because  the  people  at  Jensen  who  are  there  to  help  are  clueless."
"I knew the side-effects of this medication and the potential for stomach issues, but I was diagnosed with cellulitis in one of my eyes and did not want to end up with meningitis. The first few days were rough with a lot of heartburn and diarrhea, but as so many other people have mentioned, this can be managed by taking it after or with a meal, eating foods that are not acidic and drinking a lot of water. The good news is that only after 4 hours and the first dose, the swelling started to disappear. It sucks to take it, but it works."
"I&#039;ve always had mild psoriasis growing up since my grandma and dad had it. This year I stopped using clobatelsol propitiate tropical cream and my psoriasis got so bad I finally turned to western medicine!! I tried ortzela starter pack for two months and lost about 10 pounds, thank god, but my psoriasis seems like it got worse!!! I&#039;m going to stop taking the medicine as it has spread all over my body and face :("
"Its worked wonders for me."
"I took this medicine for the first time in my life when I was 19 years old. It didn&#039;t work, it gave me the worst side effects ever. Upset stomach, bad headache, body cramps, and dizziness."
"Saved my life.. so thankful. Noticed that it&#039;s important to take Buspirone either on an empty stomach or with food. Otherwise you will probably notice dizziness for 15-20 minutes. 
My mind is completely calm and you feel normal. Life is wonderful! "
"I have suffered for many years with AS and Degenerative Disc disease. With all the NSAIDs, Methotrexate, and pain killers I developed ulcers in my esophagus, stomach and duodenum. Thankfully my Doctor decided to switch me to Morphine because it is easier on the system. Now I take 60 mg MS Contin twice a day and 4 to 6mg Dilaudid as needed for breakthrough pain. The plus is that the ulcers have all healed and although the pain is not totally gone it is very manageable. The minus is that I have had to gradually increase my dosage over the years because your body learns to tolerate it. Adjusting to a new dose can take a little while and it causes constipation (Benifiber works great)."
"I was on Seasonique for a 3-month cycle. During that period of time, I gained about 15 pounds, experienced horrible irritability, and I bled so much I was practically on my period for 3 months. Everyone has different experiences with birth control, but mine was really terrible with this particular medication."
"I put the patch on the night before a planned mountain excursion.  The morning I woke up, my vision was extremely blurry (couldn&#039;t read), I had severely compromised mobility (stumbling and tripping), decreased ability to comprehend what was being said to me, as well as very dry mouth. I also began hallucinating, so I took the patch off.  Within 1 hour I started to feel a little more in control, and after 10 hours the side effects seemed to be gone.  
I had the patch on for a total of 8 hours, and felt like the patch was WAY too strong - to the point of overdose.  I made sure to wash my hands after putting on the patch.
I also take ortho-tri cyclin lo, propranolol 60mg for migraines, and Zyrtec."
"After being diagnosed with Attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis (AFAP) (a genetic disease of the colon), I have had 6 colonoscopies, 5 with propofol and 1 with twilight sedation. By far, propofol is the best! You come out of it fast, and feel fine afterwards, whereas with twilight sedation I was out the rest of the day and was depressed afterwards. Strange feeling/mood from that. Propofol had no after effects. Wednesday having another colonoscopy with propofol! Yay!"
"This was prescribed for spasms but I found it also lowers my bp. My bp and heart rate has been crazy over 5 yrs. At times my bp too low &amp; heart rate too high. Top too low, bottom high. A lot of the beta blocker &amp; channel blockers would drop my bp too low too fast. I couldn&#039;t be on any of them regular cuz of this so I just use tiz. To lower my pressure &amp; at night to sleep at times but seems give me nightmares &amp; depression. Also my mom takes it at night &amp; it lowers her bp &amp; knocks her out. She doesn&#039;t move all night. "
"I have to say I&#039;ve this medicine a 7 out of 10 because it has brought me out of both some wicked manias and depressive episodes. The sedation is a love-hate relationship with me- It&#039;s nice for my anxiety, but is also a nuisance. I MUST take this medicine 12 hours before I need to wake up, or I have trouble waking up. I feel it does interfere with my creative and intellectual abilities a tad bit. Overall, however, it&#039;s good med."
"This medication worked perfectly fine for me in  the beginning. Regular dryness and flaky skin. But now my face look like a war zone. There was more acne than before and my skin still has the dryness with a moisturizer. There&#039;s even flaking. But I it will get better in the upcoming months."
"Works perfectly for me"
"I stopped taking Savella during the 2nd week of the titration package.  I didn&#039;t feel any pain relief; maybe if taken longer term I would have.  I experienced many of the side effects others have discussed, including bloating, weight gain, anxiety, and dizziness. 

I stopped taking Savella because I experienced a severe panic attack followed by weird heart beats, twitching muscles, electricity zaps, and vertigo. This is how a Serotonin Syndrome began for me 1 1/2 months ago for which I was hospitalized. 

Perhaps I am at greater risk for Serotonin Syndrome, having had it before. Still, I caution you to be careful if you are on other serotonin medicines, and Imitrex. Savella will augment the serotonin effects and may leave you very sick."
"Valtrex is EXCELLENT. I, like most of you here, take it when I feel a slight tingle or little tiny cut on my lip. I just down about 4 of them and it&#039;s gone before it begins. I haven&#039;t had one cold sore in over 1 year now and I only got the virus about a year and a half ago. As you get older, the virus tends to be beat down by your body&#039;s natural immune system. "
"It&#039;s definitely not for me. I switched from Camila to Vienva because I was worried that I had to take Camila at the exactly same time. 
If you have a history of depression, don&#039;t try vienva or similar ones. 
On the tenth day I was completely out of control of my own thoughts. Very irritated and depressive. I stopped immediately and got better. I don&#039;t think it&#039;s a coincidence
If you do not have a history of depression it may work for you, though."
"I started off on 5mg they had no effect so Gp upped to 10mg. By the second day the pain had reduced substantially and things felt good. I&#039;ve suffered for eight years with sacroiliac pain S1, herniated discs L4/5/6 at base. Just had successful total hip op. However I&#039;ve had to come off them due to the very bad side effects, nausea, crawling itchy feeling under the skin,unable to sit in the sun and if I did suffered greatly, irritability, very low mood, and worst of all hot flushes. I&#039;m back to my old self now. When peps start telling you you&#039;ve changed, it&#039;s no joke and was very relieved to get them out of my system. Having said that, I know they work for some."
"I took this medication for about a year with an antidepressant. The combination kept me from suicidal episodes. Unfortunately, the itching was constant and became intolerable so I stopped taking it. Nothing else comparable to the benefits of Lamictal."
"Awesome drug with no narcotic hangover. With radiation damage to all the organs that I still have, the pain never goes away. Nucynta (600mg/day has allowed me to have a tolerable life and work much better. Best medicine since vioxx (which was removed from market). My pain level is down to a 6 or 7 now. Very pleased. Much better than traditional opioids that cause highness, mental and go problems. Clear headed on this med."
"I have been on Lexapro for almost 5 months now and I am doing great. It has really helped a lot. I don&#039;t have the negative thoughts like I did and I can actually have positive thoughts. The only downside that I see is the drowsiness. But I am super sensitive when it comes to medicines that &quot;can cause drowsiness&quot;. I can function but I go around yawning a lot. That is getting better though. I have tried taking it before bed to see if that would help."
"I started using Ibersatan about 2 years ago, after I developed severe side effects on Perindopril.  My blood pressure is well controlled and I thought the medicine was okay.  About 2 months ago, I went for holidays and missed out on treatment for a month%u2019s but I felt much stronger contrary to the expected.  On resuming treatment, I became very ill. I have been experiencing, hot flushes, cramps in my thighs, night mares, severe hot flushes and extreme weakness.  At first I thought it was malaria, but the tests were all negative. I took anti-malarial medication just to be on the safe side. The symptoms have just intensified. I also wondered (still are) for a while whether it is early menopause.  I have had several gout attacks while taking irbesartan."
"You still have to get turned on, but once you&#039;re turned on you&#039;re  GOOD TO GO.  The only thing that sucks about this medication is the cost!  You can get one free prescription (depending on the dosage and amount of pills your doctor gives you) but thats it!  I&#039;ll be switching off of this medicine "
"started on lowest dose, i seem to be able to tolerate this where i have not been able to tolerate many other type meds. used to treat fibro. and chronic pain. can not tolerate any drug classified as anti-depressant. Have used narcotic pain meds. which did relieve pain the best but as i built up a tolerance to the dosage i was given a higher dose plus had to take other meds. to relieve the many other symptoms that comes with Fibro. To me narcotics was just band aiding my pain and i refuse to use narcotics for my condition. I think Lyrica will help with a lot of my symptoms on a much higher dose. My Dr. just started me on lowest to see if i could tolerate planning to increase dose now. I need input on dosage per day for best relieve."
"I have been dealing with migraines for 20 years. Tightness in my neck, and head along with sensitivity to light. I always just dealt with them and took excedrin, aleve, Tylenol, motrin, just to name a few, and nothing really worked. I ended up finally going to a neurologist who happened to suffer from the same migraines that I have. He prescribed treximet along with amitriptilyne daily and my life has changed forever since that day. It WORKS! Once I feel a migraine coming on I take it and it is gone in 20 minutes. When I would get migraines before they would last for up to 4 days."
"LOVE Contrave! I have been on Contrave for some time now. 37 yrs old, 5&#039; 4&quot;. To date I am down 63 pounds :) I did not lose my weight overnight, so do not get discouraged. I still get to have the foods I like, just MUCH smaller portions. I get so full, and stay satisfied until my next meal. I drink lots of water throughout the day. The only side effect I have had is cotton mouth, jolly ranchers help a lot. I do like that they offer a coupon to help cover the cost, my insurance does not cover it. When I first started taking Contrave, my out of pocket with the coupon was $60.00, now I pay $90.00. I have no clue why the cost went up :( I have had several friends get on Contrave because of my results. My own doctor was very pleased as well."
"Within in a month I had quit smoking after 47 years. My wife and son was so thankful to the manufactors of Chantix. I have wanted to quit for a long time and just did not have the will power to do it. Thanks to Chantix, the suppport of my family and friends. At 64 I am smoke free and I am going to stay smoke free. If there was some way for me to plead with every smoker out there to get Chantix and give it an honest try to quit, I am pretty sure if they want to quit there will be a 100% success rate."
"Tylenol 3 did not work for me. I was suffering from unbearable pain from a tooth infection that kept me up all night. after 30mins the pain did not go away. After 1 hour still no relief. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this medicine to anyone."
"I would rate this above 10 if I could.  This is the best birth control I have ever taken.  I suffer from PMDD and my time of the month without yaz I feel like I could hurt people for no reason at all, just because I didn&#039;t like the way they looked at me or what ever. Anyways Yaz has helped that out so much.  My husband is so happy with the results.  I have had no weight gain, no cramping and only 3 day periods with very little bleeding and the best part is no irritability or major mood swings."
"I took Trulicity .75 for about 6 months and it was great!  Lowered my A1C from 10 to 7.8!  My doctor thought I should try the 1.5mcg dose to see if I could lower my A1C a little more.  I have been on the higher dose for just over 2 months now and am not well.  I have headaches 2-3 days a week and diarrhea and tired all the time it seems.  I am scheduled to recheck my A1C soon, so will see if it is worth the &#039;sick&#039; feelings."
"This is the worst birth control! I have been on it for about 2 and a half months and for the first month I had light bleeding/ spotting almost every day. I don&#039;t weigh myself very often so I&#039;m not sure if I have gained weight, but my appetite has increased a ton and I am eating really unhealthily. I feel very tired in the mornings even when I wake up at 11AM or later and I feel very lazy and just want to lay around all day. This pill has greatly increased my anxiety which I have normally, and I am a lot more emotional (I cry at almost anything now!). I feel very irritable all the time, and the littlest things can set me off now (I am usually a calm person) I really hate this birth control and wish I had read reviews before I was put on it."
"Worked well for migraines when given intravenously. Have not tried pill form yet but have prescription."
"I started baclofen 10mg three times a day because I started having painful muscle spasms in both legs usually at night.
The spasms are taking longer to end. Bruising  is sometimes noticeable.I started taking the drug 3 months ago, after a car accident.A brain injury was diagnosed."
"I have had head lice for 3 months, my teen age daughter passed it to me. I have thick curly hair. I&#039;m desperate. I have used permethrins, and other over the counter medications. It seems it tames the lice, it stops itching me for 3 or 4 days and I go back again with itching. I am not infested. It is just one two or three that keeps on surviving. Some body checks my hair about every week and she can&#039;t find eggs but I see the red bumps in my scalp. I am going to get this natroba and I am praying it will work. I can&#039;t sleep because my scalp itches."
"I have never suffered from acne but after 3 months of taking this birth control I started breaking out with cystic acne,pimples and white heads.  I also bought proactive and it didn&#039;t help me form breaking out I have been off this bc for two days ."
"I&#039;ve been taking invega (all forms) since 2011. I have to say it is a god send. Risperdal and abilify gave me sexual dysfunction. This at least allows me to get an erection. It&#039;s done a great job at controlling my positive symptoms of schizophrenia. The voices are dulled down to the point of single sentences and like only 1-4 times a day so it&#039;s a lot more managable in day to day life. Started on sustenna, went on the tablets and now on Trinza. All versions work very well for me. This medication is the metabolite form of risperdal and it&#039;s a god send. It&#039;s easier on the liver and I highly recommend sustenna and Trinza as the form to take for schizophrenia/schizoaffective!"
"Traumatic experience caused me to suffer major depressive disorder.  Tried therapy, didn&#039;t work. Finally tried medication two years later. Doctor prescribed me viibryd. Took my first dose in the morning, by lunch time I felt sick and nauseated.  Had to leave work bc I felt so awful.  
My doctor lowered my dose and I didn&#039;t feel nearly as bad the next four weeks. I didn&#039;t notice a change in my mood.
I went on vacation and forgot to pack my meds  (I know how horrible it is to stop taking my meds) the come down was un real...  I spent the whole vacation in bed too tired to leave.. 

When I arrived home from vacation I took my meds again and I was instantly sick. I began hallucinating and puking, it felt like a bad acid trip."
"Love it! Nothing better, works wonders for chronic migraines and arthritis plus it gets me back on my feet as if I was a teen again. Gives me the little boost needed to get me through my day with limited side effects. I would recommend doctors prescribe this medicine over any other narcotic pain killers. This pill has really saved my life. It&#039;s truly amazing."
"Works well, but not super long acting, jnjections twice monthly."
"I had sex for 4 days straight! "
"I have taken Pradaxa for 6 months and have started having severe back pain in the lower back and also in the hipbones.  Stopped taking it AMA and the pain lessened significantly.  Another ultrasound showed that the clot has moved from calf to thigh so although my leg feels 90% better, the clot is still present and on the move."
"When anxious and paranoid, I take 6 mg  at night and sometimes in the day. It stops the symptoms . I only have symptoms rarely.I can then focus or sleep.
More than this dose knocks the crap out of me. Works for me when required."
"I am taking 450 mg Bupropion daily and was still hitting the wall. Crying, fear, anger. Had lots of therapy and been on lots of antidepressants. Felt like my life was over. 
Saw my dr four days ago and told her I wasn&#039;t doing well. We talked and she decided to proscribe Prozac 20 mg in addition to Bupropion. 
I am tolerating the side effects...no appetite,
nervous feeling, sketchy stomache, head feels too big...seriously! 
One thing: I have less body pain. Fibro was active  but less so now. That&#039;s great. 
I am an artist and I cannot concentrate or keep my focus. Hoping that clears up soon. 
Will be back to report on my progress."
"I went to the doctor from experiencing mild acne, especially on my forward head. I have combination skin, oily and dry in different places. Also scaring from previous acne. The doctor prescribed the cream Duac, she told me to wear it at night before I go to bed and wash my face off in the morning. Its been a few days now and I already see a change. No new pimples are appearing, old acne clearing, and past scars are fading. It is in my opinion, very effective and quick. However, it does dry out your skin, but along as you moisturise it should be fine. I would definitely recommend this product."
"Started Saxenda nearly 3 weeks ago.NO change in hunger levels. I started at 123kg and am still there.I have no other symptoms ie cholestrol/hormones in range, blood pressure is always spot on.There are days where I&#039;m not hungry but I cannot put this down to the drug and then most days where the hunger is ridiculous.I rang my GP and told her this.She said to keep going. She asked if Saxenda have been in touch with me - answer no even though I have registered -there is supposed to be support network. Will keep going until reach the full dose but if nothing happens will ditch it but will call my GP to let her know what I am doing.Good luck to everyone finds this drug works for you."
"I started taking Uloric 5 weeks ago. It seems to be working alright. I have tried several medicines for this ailment allopurinal, colchicine, steroids, vicodin. It took me a week to get off those, had bad reactions on allopurinol i.e. rashes, swelling of the stomach and lips. Colchicine diarrhea so bad I couldn&#039;t work. Anyway Uloric has been pretty effective so far. I have also tried apple cider vineger, baking soda, herbal remedies none as effective as Uloric. Only drawback to it I don&#039;t have insurance and Uloric is $200.00 for a 30 day supply."
"I have been prescribed many nerve medications but now that I am on Klonopin I feel like a brand new person. I actually feel like getting out and being more social with people. 
A big thanks to the people who made the little nerve pill called klonopin. You have made my life so much more worth living. I actually want to be around my family and friends now.
Thank you very much for making my life so much easier."
"I&#039;ve been reading some of these reviews, and felt the need to say that everyone will react differently. I have just completed my first week of this pill and haven&#039;t noticed anything too extreme. I just had some mild vaginal discomfort, but nothing bad at all. I was on my old birth control for just over a year, but switched pills because of breakthrough bleeding and cramps. From what I can tell, my mood or sex drive hasn&#039;t changed at all."
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil 10mg for 18 years, I used to have severe panic attacks and general anxiety disorder. This has helped me live my life, anxiety is a debilitating sickness that interferes with everything you do in life, but only the people who have it can understand that, I recommend it to anyone who has anxiety."
"So when I first got this birth control, I loved it. I had no side effects besides the spotting and rarely having any periods (had at least two actual periods within 7 months) I did not gain or lose any weight but I think since it is a long term birth control you never know when the side effects will kick in? Now after 7 months of having it inserted, I have gotten a lot of acne on my face that I never before have gotten and I get mood swings. not only that but there are times where I have 0 sex drive and I do not get wet enough I am considering getting it removed soon."
"I love thus stuff if you have a cough this stuff is like gold.  I don&#039;t know why others say it doesn&#039;t work. It does on my family."
"I have had Nexplanon since September 2013 after I had my son in August. I did experience bruising at the insertion site I have all the acne and abundance of cravings. I am extremely moody and keep getting into depressive states. When I got the Nexplanon I did not get a period whatsoever once I start getting close to my year in June I got a period that lasted until July. I feel awful my hair is starting to fall out and my face looks like a pizza dough. Going to get this removed immediately."
"this was a terrible drug for me. I can&#039;t tell you any physical side affect because I stopped taking it immediately after a week. This drug made me scared to go to work. Every time I get ready for work this incredible fear about going to work would possess me. I would call my job and tell them am sick when I was actually afraid. I would have my aunt call my job for me to call out because I was afraid. I would try to bring courage to go to work but the closer I was to work the worse the fear would be. I called out 4 times in a row. I almost got fired. when I stopped taking it, it all went away."
"1mg during a panic attack is good with minor dopiness felt. 0.5mg if panic is on-setting and to keep it at bay."
"I never really had acne until my senior year in high school. I always washed my face before I went to bed, and I tried about every type of face wash you can think of. It took me a year to go to the dermatologist just because when my acne seemed to be getting bad it would clear up again. I never had cystic acne, but I still felt uncomfortable with my skin. I finally decided to go to a dermatologist, and I&#039;m so thankful I did. I&#039;ve been on this medicine for almost a month, and my skin is just so much better. The doctor put me on the 100 mg medicine for a total of 3 months, &amp; I also use Tretinoin cream a few times a week. Cetaphil face wash, and Aveeno moisturizer are also things I use on the daily to keep my skin clean and from drying out."
"Works extremely well for my pain. Chronic back pain and dislocated hip joint. Works better if taken as soon as pain begins. Highly addictive and well known street drug. Never tell anyone, teenagers, thst you have them. Take only ax needed as needed because of tolerance build up."
"This medicine is absolutely amazing for Chronic Pain. HOwEVER, coming off of it is the absolute worse experience I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing. Please don&#039;t take this medication for longer than indicated. The relief you are feeling now, unfortunately, is not worth the pain you will experience when you stop taking it."
"This product works great."
"i am a Desert Storm veteran and for years i have suffered at the hands of depacote, lithium and wellbutrin (one after the other) and i just felt more and more miserable and doomed. then my doctor prescribed zoloft 2 years ago and it literally saved my life. now i am able to function normally and am really enjoying my life for the first time in 2 decades. it is my life saver and has changed my life forever. before zoloft i felt so depressed and hopeless. thank you, you have given me my joy in life back!"
"I have cervical cancer after only 9 months after my kidney cancer. This patch takes away the pain but makes me loopy. Feels like I am very drugged. I would not attempt to drive with it in my system."
"Propranolol worked great for me until I was put on the 80mg slow release capsules. After 2 months of taking them I felt like a zombie every morning, and the effect would last all day until late evening. I thought I was going mad and was seen by the mental health team at the hospital who told me that propranolol can actually cause depression in some people!!! I gradually reduced the dose but now my anxiety symptoms have come back and I have insomnia."
"I take 160 mg of Geodon, half at dinner and half before bed. I used to take it in the morning but it would knock me out cold. Now I am dead to the world at night but can get through the day. I have been on many medications and Geodon is the only one that didn&#039;t make me feel that my life was in danger and claustrophobic. I never did hear voices or delusions, just grandiose thinking. If you have to take medication, Geodon is far superior to the other antipsychotics. I developed partial blindness and tardive dyskinesia on the others. But Geodon does slow you down and cause weight gain."
"I started taking Copaxone in mid-August 2016.  The first 3-4 months, I didn&#039;t notice any real difference. After the first few weeks, I didn&#039;t have any more site reactions.  For the last two months, I&#039;m experiencing terrible joint pain. Leg cramps in the middle of the night, my hips are stiff; my shoulders hurt. just a little while ago, my hand was shaking sooo bad. It&#039;s scared me. So here&#039;s the thing - I&#039;m not experiencing any of the other MS symptoms that I had before taking Copaxone. Gone are those electrical shock sensations, I&#039;m not really  more numb, the weird feeling that runs down my spine. It seems like I&#039;ve traded one set of symptoms for another.  Before copaxone, I enjoyed exercising. Now not so much. :("
"This birth control gave me chronic yeast infections, uncomfortable vagina, mood swings, nausea. I can&#039;t even enjoy having sex so it defeats the purpose of the pill. "
"It&#039;s so difficult looking at reviews because so many are negative. I have moderate depression and generalized anxiety disorder. I started taking antidepressants pretty young maybe 6th or 7th grade. I took lexapro, Prozac, and something else before I got on Zoloft. I just recently got off Zoloft to see how I&#039;d do without it and so far I&#039;ve been okay. Anyways, Zoloft was practically a life saver for me. I&#039;m not sure if I have experienced any of the side effects, but if I have they obviously didn&#039;t make much of a difference.  This review is here to say don&#039;t be scared to take Zoloft it might be the perfect drug for ya!"
"I was taking Lyrica following a trial of Cymbalta failed miserably.  I was titrated up to 150 mg twice a day.  4 days following the last increase in dose I noticed substantial foot and lower leg swelling. I promptly stopped taking the medication following consulting my physician."
"They are a huge help, I have post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, and agoraphobia and if I didn&#039;t have Xanax don&#039;t think I could go out of the house. I also have seizures and take Topamax. Everything got worse when my libido passed! Now I can do the things I used to do!"
"This drug helped my depression and suicidal thoughts for about four weeks, and everything came but...but was way worse. My depression and suicidal thoughts were worse than they were before I was on the medicine so I stopped taking it."
"I was breaking out badly on the sides of my cheeks, then I couldn&#039;t take it anymore so I went to the dermo and they prescribed me Acanya. After 2 weeks I noticed a difference for sure. The big cysts I would get or just all these pimples I got in 1 spot started fading away instantly. It is take time, I had to pop some and then put the cream on. It&#039;s been 3 months so far and no breakouts or acne whatsoever. I just use cetaphil and that medication and done. (:"
"Though Mirena has worked wonderfully for some, I am NOT one of those. Unfortunately I have suffered, horrible headaches, SEVERE bloating, flatulence and weight gain and skin rash. I also just recently started to get acne. The only positive experience I have had, is that I have VERY light bleeding occasionally (suffer from endometriosis) so that has been a nice change. "
"I have been on this drug for 5 weeks now and i finally acquired myself. Though i had this panic attack all of a sudden, and i did not even know what panic attack is. I went for all types of heart tests etc before someone suggested to see a psychiatrist.I found the courage to go to a psychiatrist and he prescribed this med. I used to feel sad, unsure and even sort of lost at times.Good that i went to this doc without waiting for the symptoms to go on their own as one doctor had advised. I feel so good now. The reason of my posting here is that i used this forum to know about this drug and i also want to add my experience so others are also helped."
"On May 28th me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex at the lake. He pulled out well before anything happened and finished later. One hour later we decided to do it again, and when he pulled out we saw there was pre cum. We were both terrified of a pre cum pregnancy so we went and got plan b a little over a day after we did it. I was supposed to get my period June 9th and it never came. each day my period was late worried us even more. I kept having symptoms of a period but it never came!! I was so scared I was gonna end up pregnant, I&#039;m only 16. But today I finally got my period!!!!! 4 days late!! Ladies, don&#039;t worry your period will come!!! we are so thankful for plan b!! Always using condoms every single time now!!! Hope this helped!!!"
"I was nervous all day waiting for my first pill and was kind of shaking during my dinner, I took my pill right after that. Two hours later I felt relaxed, a little dizzy, my ears were hearing a whistle, my face was a little red but I was happy."
"I LOVED Cymbalta, I felt wonderful, no aches and pains, no depression, I had my life back. I was paying $90 for a 3 month supply... THEN it happened, my co-pay went to $1000 for a 3 month supply! I want to cry, I obviously can&#039;t afford that so I got switched to Venlafaxine, I now have a constant slight headache and it makes me nauseous, my anxiety is back. Dr. switched me to Prozac yesterday, we shall see but what I would not give to have my Cymbalta back."
"Benign Prostate Hyperplasia for about 5 years. Flomax worked but horrible side effects (muscle aches,
dizzy, stomach pain, dreams) so switched to Rapaflo about 8 months ago, works very well on small tab of 4 mg, but some side effects, dry sex, lack of interests (which at 65 isn&#039;t that bad) so I quit medicine for 3 weeks but my flow is so
slow I developed infection, so then I start again for a month or so, but this time I am developing heart pain and stomach churning, gas. etc. with it so don&#039;t know whats
next. "
"I just started Byetta 4 days ago on 5mg and will increase to 10mg in a month. I have been taking 45mg of Actos before starting Byetta. Actos did bring my glucose into the mid to low 100&#039;s just as Byetta does, but I have loads more energy on Byetta. I didn&#039;t realize that I was dragging because I lost my energy slowly over the years. After 2 days on Byetta I appreciate feeling just normal again. I love Byetta."
"I envy the people who have had success with Celebrex.  I need both knees replaced for osteoarthritis, and I also have pain in my back, neck, elbows, hips and wrists.  I&#039;ve been on Celebrex for 6 or 7 years.  When I first used it, it used to make me very dizzy.  But it NEVER ever relieved any pain for me!

I always had to pop multiple Tylenol, Motrin or Advil to supplement, in order to get even minimum relief.

My doctor put me on Arthrotec today, and I am really hoping for success.  If that doesn&#039;t work, he&#039;s going to try me on Tylenol-3 (codeine-based)."
"I started viibryd for anxiety disorders, major depressive disorder and paranoia. I have been taking it for 9 days (the starter pack). Now on 20 mg.  It seems to be working great for my depression, paranoia and I don&#039;t get irritated like I used to. My outlook on life has changed dramatically. Happier and still able to achieve orgasm, unlike other antidepressants. I take Ativan at night for sleep and anxiety, so I have not had any nightmares. The only downfall with viibryd is my back and neck are very tense and achey. Diarrhea first few days but it goes away. Has anybody else experienced muscle aches/tension? If so please let me know."
"Can not get out of bed (worse than normal). Depression lifted slightly. Very anxious that it won&#039;t work, but feeling positive because I believe in the end it WILL work. Giving this 100% my best try."
"I started taking Vicodin and carisoprodol 1 tab twice a day. I lived with pain for years until I started the medicines. But now it&#039;s creeping up to where I have to take them all the time.  Usually I take two Vicodin and 1 carisoprodol or the other way around just to feel fine.  I worry because I understand it can be addictive. "
"I smoked for 38 years and knew I would need some type of hand to mouth jesture for a nicotine replacement in order to quit. I have been smoke free now for five months. No withdrawel symptoms at all. I am surprised! Great product!"
"I was prescribed gabapentin for back surgery pain, and nerve pain from diabetes...  I&#039;m on the max dose, 1200 mg 3 times a day... All I can say is thank you Load for freeing me up from the opiates!  My mood is great, I sleep well and my pain has diminished by 75%! I am 63 years old, forced to retire due to excessive back pain (3 surgeries, one spinal fusion) and very bad nerve pain in my feet and hands... I&#039;ve had no side effects and all my doctors (I&#039;ve had triple bypass also... No heart attack, thank God.. No damage to my heart) have said there is no reason to discontinue using it !"
"My period ended on the first of November. Two days later I had protected sex, but the condom had broke. This was around 7 or 8 o&#039;clock at night. All of the pharmacies were closed so I had to wait. I found Plan B One Step at a local pharmacy and I had taken the pill within 48 hours. Because of the pill I&#039;ve experienced a lot of irritability. It basically just feels like PMS. Today, 6 days after I took the pill, I noticed light bleeding and I&#039;ve had a little bit of cramping. "
"I use Claritin D for my seasonal allergies. I started again this May, after taking it for a week I have noticed my heartbeats faster than normal (100&#039;s now from 60&#039;s) and my blood pressure went up from 110&#039;s systolic and 70&#039;s diastolic to 140&#039;s/90&#039;s with headaches. So, I was thinking what&#039;s going on with me, I started salad and no salt diet for a week now (lost 5 pounds and feels good), increased my cardio to 45-60mins 4 times a week, cut sodium intake but my Blood Pressure stays high. I started reading about Claritin D and BOOM. This is what is causing my blood pressure to rise up! Today, I stopped using it. Sticking to the plain Zyrtec."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 2 years. I originally started taking it to relieve my horrible periods, not to avoid pregnancy. I normally have really horrible periods that last 7-9 days with heavy bleeding, immobilizing cramping, and sometimes nausea. Thank God for this pill! The first 6 months I would have periods every 2 weeks, and with every month they got lighter and lighter until my period disappeared completely. I will occasionally spot, but it will only last a day or two. I have NO cramps (such a life saver!). I have taken other birth control pills and none of them worked this well for me.
As far as side effects, I have absolutely NO sex drive and bad acne (I used to have a really clear face)."
"I started  Paxil after telling my doctor I had general anxiety and the medication worked after two weeks. At the time my anxiety wasn&#039;t high but it was a level 3 out of 10 so the medication helped out. I was able to be more social and worry less traveling around NYC, but I noticed that I started to gain weight which sucked. After 6 months I wanted to come off because I noticed i never really needed it and this was the hard part. Coming off it was horrible! It made me have higher anxiety without it, and it was anxiety I never experience before. I&#039;ve been off for 4 months and I still haven&#039;t felt the same since before taking Paxil. I&#039;d really recommend taking any medication like Paxil if you really need for panic attacks or high anxiety."
"Only pain med that has worked consistantly for a long period of time but you must be careful. If being outside in sun it must be covered to prevent over dose because heat will increase output.
Worked best for me with a low dose and using methadone for breakthrough but most Dr&#039;s wont prescribe methadone because of stigma associated with its normal use but had my pain level to around 3. Roxycodone can only get me to 6 at best."
"May have some help to relieve back pain.  60mg gave me heart palpitation.  30mg may be suboptimal.  Tried to wean off several times but gave me some undesirable effects like malaise and anxiety.  Urinary retention is a worrisome effect with Cymbalta for me."
"Have been taking humira for my severe ulcerative colitis since 2013. This drug has worked wonders for me I sometimes forget I have colitis. Only side affects I&#039;ve seen are sensitivity to the sun and recurring infections...would take that over spending the day in the bathroom."
"This medication has helped me exponentially, I was addicted to opiates for the past 8 years. I was in and out of hospitals with no positive outcome in sight, this is the first time I have been able to maintain any kind of sobriety. Along with other support the cravings have never been so minimal. All I can say is that I&#039;m truly happy that I was prescribed this medication."
"Does great at keeping my blood pressure down but since I&#039;ve been taking it I constantly feel dizzy and within the last week or so I&#039;ve developed a constant cough about two-three hours after I&#039;ve taken it.  In the beginning I chalked it up to allergies or me coming down with a cold, but I take the med in the evening at 5pm and by 8 I&#039;m a coughing mess, the next day I barely cough but then I take the med at 5 and it&#039;s happening again so I&#039;m figuring it&#039;s from the med.  The dizziness is brutal, if I bend down to pick up something and stand up too quickly I feel like I&#039;m about to black out, never do but the feeling is there.  I doubt I stick with this for too long.  Only been on it for a little over a month."
"I recently started the pill and now I have side affects.  It&#039;s been three days.  I felt normal on the first and second. Now for the third day I&#039;ve been throwing up. The pill is horrible taste hideous. I&#039;m not complaining but thanks for the info on how to get them down without a taste."
"i have fibromyalgia,oa as well as ra.i had been on morphine 1800mgs daily for almost 8yrs.and it helped me escape from the abusive man i was married to(now divorced) and went thru the total hell of withdrawl ive never experienced since that 20 yr marriage!!the withdrawl of the opiates were worth it to get myself and my 2 teen sons lives in order.im currently on gabapentin 300mgs a day,and what a miracle drug its been without the hateful narcotics!! "
"Tykerb along with Xeloda have stabilized my tumors.  I have been on these medicines for a year."
"This birth control regulated my period, made my skin look great and made my boobs grow. It made me very hungry all the time and my sex drive went shooting up. good stuff"
"first off, let me start by saying that I am sensitive to hormones. I cant seem to find one that doesnt make me sick, or extremely moody. I was put on this for Endometriosis pain, and the first day I took it, ate with it and was fine. The second ay I took it, I also ate with it, about 8pm, I went to bed at midnight and woke up at 4 am sick to my stomach, shaking and my heart racing, just like I have before with another pill and was vomiting for about 2 hours. I am now, 2 days later, bleeding and my period wasnt suppose to be here until 2 weeks from now !!! . It doesnt feel like a period, but its not fun either. Wouldnt reccomend for anyone who is hormone sensitive,."
"Horrible burning, made my itch even worse after application,  I used this two previous times 2014 and 2016 with good results but not this time apparently the formula was changed cause the pain and itch is unbearable !!! Don&#039;t buy this Monistat 7 it&#039;s. instead  go to the doctor . I&#039;m even crying ugh!!!"
"DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION. I was prescribed the name brand of this medicine and my insurance decided that they would give me tri previfem instead. For the first 3 or so months, things were fine, no big differences. After that though, goodness gracious. Anxiety, depression, mood swings, NO SEX DRIVE, dryness &quot;down there&quot; no matter how bad I wanted to be. It&#039;s absolutely a horrible feeling not being able to be ready for your partner, and that puts such a stress on a relationship. On the menstrual time...... picture every horrible pregnancy symptom you could possibly have, triple it, and add to it the normals of your regular period. HEADACHES. If only the 1-10 scale had negative numbers. Save yourselves, and stay away from this medicine."
"I had my son on June 22nd. I received the depo shot at 3 weeks pp (July 13th) to &quot;hold me over&quot; until I could get my IUD put in in August. It is now September 11th (almost 12 weeks pp) and I have been bleeding since the day I had my son. I know for a fact this is not after birth. I had the IUD put in on August 27th. Regardless if I had the IUD put in or not, I would NOT be going back for another shot. SO tired of bleeding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Within weeks my plaque psoriasis disappeared. Chronic diarhea caused me to stop taking it. P came back within weeks. 

Several months ago I was in a motorcycle accident and sprained my wrist. Never got better, got worse. Diagnosis of psoriatic arthritis. Thinking of trying it again. Don&#039;t know if I can take living on the toilet. Hoping my body will get used to it but not opptomistic."
"Gildess obviously works, I experienced no weight gain and shorter lighter periods.  My sex drive has decreased very badly, and I have been experiencing awful mood swings that are really starting to impact my day to day life and I am switching immediately."
"So on the 30th of July 2016 I turned 28 my birthday I didn&#039;t go crazy and party I spent the day with my kiddies an mum, that night was pored a glass of wine had a sip but wasn&#039;t feelin up to it so didn&#039;t. The next day on the 31st I woke up with a real sore head felt like I had the worse hangover ever even tho I hadn&#039;t actually drunk I felt awful but decided to go in to town anyway with mum, kids an my bestie for a little lunch an shoppin was then shoppin an had 4 grand mal seizures, woke up in hospital with a massive black eye and broken nose with not a clue what was going on, my mum an partner cryin tellin me I had just a scan an they found a tumour So they put me on keppra it&#039;s bad I have loads of side effects I feel like I&#039;m going crazy"
"I got Nexplanon in October of 2014. Since getting it, I have not had a period. No spotting or bleeding, periods just stopped. It&#039;s great! No random breakouts on my face and no weight gain from it. Definitely the best option if taking a pill is hard for someone. I never could remember to take my pill, this was the best option. The insertion was much better than I thought and it&#039;s been great ever since."
"Negative.  Prescribed for Dry Socket after tooth extraction.  Terrible side effects, dizzy,tired but worse still feeling sick all the time stopping short of actually being sick due to sheer willpower as I detest being sick!  Pain off the scale, back to the dentist!"
"I began taking tramadol for very severe cramps during my period, and not only did it make the pain stop, it made me more productive and greatly helped my mood. I&#039;m lucky in that it does not require a prescription where I live so I can buy it from my pharmacist. I take it along with Chinese herbs that really helped save my life ( TCM views depression as being a lack of life force or &#039;jing&#039;) and the combo of he shu wu, schizandra, and tramadol have done wonders for improving my quality of life. Tramadol is however habit inducing and the withdrawal can suck. I get essentially really bad restless leg syndrome when I&#039;ve gone off of it, to the point where I can&#039;t sleep."
"Started on Fetzima 20mg and increased to 80mg over two weeks time.  Expected some weird feelings while coming off one med and starting another, but did not anticipate the horrible side effects that happened. By the time I got to 80mg, my GI tract was raw from mouth to anus. I am now on a PPI to repair my stomach. I also experienced dizziness, eye pain, blurred vision, sadness, forgetfulness, and weird dreams.  I saw no benefit from this drug and am currently titrating off under doctor&#039;s supervision."
"I have to give Vyvanse a solid 10. I asked my Dr to switch me from Adderall instant release 20mg 2x a day to Vyvanse and in my honest opinion this was the best decision I made. Vyvanse helps me focus, more motivation, feels more subtle which I absolutely love. Adderall for some reason made me feel like a different person, but with vyvanse I feel like myself still which is great. It is really long lasting, I don&#039;t know or understand how people say it only last for a few hours when in my experience it last a good 12-13 hrs. In fact I heard people say it loses potency after 4 hours or so but in my experience I think it actually increases. But this is just my experience, and maybe metabolism aswell but anyway I hope this is helpful for others."
"I was on minocycline100mg 1 time a day for exactly 5 weeks. the end of the 4th week I started breakout out in tiny little painful pimples all around my nose chin and forehead (places I never really had acne before) it cleaned the places I usually DO get acne pretty well though.  anyways my 5th week I never told my derm this happened and he decided on his own to switch me to bactrim because he said it&#039;d be more effective. He told me start the new meds right away. I&#039;ve been on the new meds for about a week now and the breakouts in those areas have gotten worse not better. I&#039;m so confused :( also there are some side effects my Dr never warned me about. I felt dizzy and sick if I didn&#039;t take with food, also drink lots of WATER!!"
"I wouldn&#039;t recommend this birth control to my worst enemy. I had really bad side effects. My doctor told me a lot of people who have gotten it have it removed because of the severity of the side effects. (Mostly weight gain and depression)"
"When I was fifteen, I was diagnosed with manic depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Both caused me to have suicidal tendencies, panic attacks, and vomiting. Since taking a 20 mg dosage of the drug, I have been a lot better. The only issues with the medication are that it does not completely prevent panic attacks, it causes a heavy menstrual flow, and it causes drowsiness."
"I received the implanon June 2, 2015 and two weeks later I started bleeding consistently, every day. The bleeding didn&#039;t stop until mid March 2016, after being prescribed birth control pills, in addition to the implanon. It sucked. Felt like I was permanently  wearing a maxi pad for life.  I&#039;m still in the works of trying to get to get it removed. The implanon sucks."
"I was walking the streets at night before I started Effexor. Diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder. Been on it over 10 years. Once in a while I try to ween myself off and I start to have those terrible feelings again. I will stay on it the rest of my life. I can live normally."
"I&#039;ve been taking 50mg for 4 weeks now. It does work but it has dulled a lot of my emotions and many things I used to enjoy, I now find boring. I still have some anxiety but it has definitely made me calmer.  

Also my sex drive is dead! I&#039;m a 23 yo male and my previously high sex drive is gone! I also find it super hard to climax. I&#039;m going to see a doctor about augmenting Zoloft with Wellbutin to counter this effect. 

This medication is worth a shot but the sexual side effects and boredom are very troubling for me."
"I went through many vitamins during my first pregnancy because they all made me sick and left horrible tastes in my mouth.  This one is much better and I feel fantastic. I will be sticking with it throughout my pregnancy and during nursing my baby."
"The only bad thing I have to say about Implanon is insertion, that was traumatic for me. I&#039;m a sucker when it comes to shots and the local pain shot is what hurt. Given, I&#039;ve only had it in for just over 2 months, I have lost 30 lbs -post baby and I have spotted some here and there, but I personally would rather keep a liner in, in case of spotting on and off than to have a normal period. I have had a few mood swings but not as bad as the pregnant mood swings. The best part is no daily pill. I&#039;m horrible at remembering to take a pill every day. I would recommend anyone looking for birth control to try the Implanon!!"
"Been on Vyvanse for three months now. I&#039;m 6 foot 195 pounds and 20 years old but find even the 30 mg dosage to be more than enough for me. Experience occasional bouts of dizziness and when in stressful situation have some degree of chest pains. Lasts more than the full 12 hours for me. I have to wake up at 8 am in order to fall asleep around 1 AM.  Also when I take Vyvanse I notice some degree of hair loss. I feel as if my brain is telling my body to work and as a result my body is working in triple overtime to keep up."
"I began taking klonopin when it first came on the market in the 80&#039;s. When nothing else would even touch it, klonopin stopped my severe anxiety and panic attacks completely within the first week. Klonopin gave me my life back. I never thought I would be anxiety and panic free but I was and still am. This drug continues to be a miracle for me. I was on 4 mgs a day when my panic/anxiety was at its worst, but I am now on a low maintenance dose of 0.5mgs 2x a day. It&#039;s not for everyone, but for those who benefit from it, it&#039;s a godsend. Don&#039;t be afraid to try it. It changed my life for the better. Hands down, a miracle drug for me."
"I have had chronic Rosacea for at least the past 30 or more years, but only on my nose, and I have treated it with MetroGel cream each morning after I shower.  There have been no side effects, and it has controlled the Rosecea to the point where I have no redness or symptoms.  As a retired Air Force officer and pilot on Medicare, and with acccess to military pharmacies and now TRICARE for Life, my costs are zero."
"So, I give this 7 out of 10. I&#039;d give it 10 out of 10, but the first week on this was really uncomfortable. I almost stopped using it. I started out at 10 mg buspar once a day and then after a week increased to 10 twice a day . The first week, I won&#039;t lie, was a doozy. My psych said that her patients either love it or hate it and it&#039;s pretty much 50/50 with little gray area. But since it&#039;s inexpensive, been around for a while, and is pretty safe, she likes that to be the first option when dealing with GAD. Fair. The first week, I was really, really dizzy. Felt a bit fuzzy in the head. kind of jumpy. I had to pull over while driving and sit down for a bit. BUT after about two weeks. Whoah. My life is changed. I&#039;m no longer so anxious!!"
"I have been on this pill for almost a year now. I take it continuously as to not have periods due to my endometriosis. It was a wonderful pill with virtually no side effects until four months ago. I have breakthrough bleeding that lasted for 5 days. The next month I had breakthrough bleeding that lasted 4 days. The next month I had horrible pain but no bleeding. And finally this month (month 4) I have had excruciating pain and have been bleeding for 2 days so far. The pain is terrible and almost as bad as when I&#039;m not on birth control. I&#039;m going to my doctor to get switched. I would recommend this to anyone who was going on birth control for a short time but not any longer than 6 months."
"I just went for my year and a half follow up blood test its still negative ...I&#039;m still amazed ....good luck"
"This patch is WONDERFUL!  I found that the patch was too strong for me in the begining, so I cut the patch in half. Just so I wouldn&#039;t have side effect afterwards, I cut it slightly smaller the day before hitting land. However finish taking the patch in a smaller dosage once on land."
"I started April 1st. Had my weigh in today and down 18 pounds.had nausea here and there but nothing bad.start weight 204 today 186"
"I have been taking this pill for a little over a year and I have had a wonderful experience with it. I did not gain any weight, and didn&#039;t have any side effects. The only downside that I am experiencing currently is that I&#039;ve been getting my period recently during the second week of the pill pack so my gyno recently switched me to a different brand.  Everyone reacts differently to medication but I highly recommend this pill :)"
"Works really well for panic disorder for at night. I don&#039;t normally tolerate a lot of medicines!"
"After 2 days the pain is much better. Taking it with Cipro. The side effects are awful, terrible taste always, headache, dizzy, body aches like the flu. Want to throw up but can&#039;t. I try to sleep all day to make it go by quicker. I can no way work or drive my car.  I&#039;ll try to stick it out for a couple of more days."
"This was the first birth control I ever took. At first it caused   some spotting before I got my period, lots of random cramps, and I got my period around 3 days late and usually I&#039;d get my period for 5 days, now I was getting it for 7-8 days. I spotted the next two months as well, and my period stayed at the 7-8 day length.  
After 3 months, my periods went back to  normal. 
My boobs grew a whole cup size. I went from a 36 c to a 38 D. I went from weighing 158 pounds to 182 pounds in the span of 7 months. My pant size went from a size 4-5 to  10. I got tired of being overweight, and I left these pills. It just wasn&#039;t cutting it for me. 
I am 5&#039;5 and 20 years old
THEY WORK, BUT NOT WORTH THE SIDE EFFECTS, (at least for me..)"
"Wow, what can I say, this medicine has changed my life. My head was the worst, completely covered. Had to put oil on it and leave it on most of day or over night. My head would be stiff after 3 days with the build up. After one treatment it was completely gone. So happy now. Was thinking about going on disability but now don&#039;t have too."
"I&#039;ve tried the Xulane patch before in the past for about 2 years and plan on starting it again within the next few weeks. It did an amazing job keeping me from getting pregnant. I never had any issues with the patch coming off. I did experience some issues with vaginal dryness and low libido (which is a possible side effect for any hormonal birth control). I also had the worst PMS. I was a straight up B word. The reason I stopped is because I wanted to give my body a chance to get back to normal. I&#039;ve been off for almost a year now, but now I&#039;m concerned about getting pregnant so I have to get back on something. This birth control has the least amount of side effects for me so that&#039;s why I&#039;m going back with it."
"So here I am,  sat in the same place as the rest of you! I&#039;m 19 years old and it&#039;s the second time I&#039;m drinking moviprep, this time in preparation for a capsule endoscopy (last time I had a colonoscopy). My first experience with moviprep was horrible, taking me 6 hours to drink the full 2 litres. Due to this, it&#039;s safe to say that I have been dreading drinking it again. Although, I am here after drinking the first litre in half an hour and can honestly say it hasn&#039;t been too bad (not as bad as I remember it at all!!) my method is simply drinking 3 gulps out of a pint glass and then sucking on a hard boiled sweet, if works a treat. It started working quickly on me, only 15 minutes after finishing the first litre. Good luck guys!!"
"My wife has pulmonary arterial hypertension along with COPD and Lung cancer. The results of my wife using Tyvaso was truly remarkable. She showed improvements in a very short time frame. She has progressed to 9 puffs 4 times a day. She has had very light side effects, i.e. sore throat and mild cough during treatments. The sore throats have diminished drastically when rinsing and gargling with warm tap water between puffs and after treatments. The coughing is mild and only presents during treatment. The positive results were noticeable as early as 6 weeks and have been amazing. She looks and feels better than she has in a year. Her stamina has increased by approximately 25%. Tyvaso has given our family hope and the strength to fight her other major health problems! Thank you!"
"I was given this drug 2 years ago for insomnia after withdrawal from drug/alcohol abuse.  This drug has changed me so much I don&#039;t ever want to get off of it.  I take 100-150mg every night experiencing deep sleep with weird dreams that I like.  A calm hungover feeling in the morning which dissipates into just a calmness for the rest of the day.  I think well, have lowered anxiety, and a positive feeling toward life.  If you really want to be your old self you can still muster it from within when needed though, then return back to the comfortable altered state afterward when you want to.  "
"Was given this for a colonoscopy prep. Drs orders said to begin prep at 4pm and second round at 8pm. Colonoscopy was scheduled at 8 am next day. I started it at 2pm and did second round at 6pm. Had no idea what to expect so wanted to get it over with. Had only heard horror stories about people having to redo the whole test because prep didn&#039;t work. Didn&#039;t want to go through it again. Took about 40 min for it to work. Didn&#039;t have to go running to the bathroom. Also, drinking the 5 glasses of water after, wasn&#039;t so bad either. Have to say that the second round worked better than the first. And, it doesn&#039;t taste bad either. But colder is better. Finally &quot;ran clear&quot; by 10 pm and was able to sleep. Colonoscopy went well too."
"Pristiq gives me energy and brings me up from the deep depression when no other anti-depressant can.   I haven&#039;t had to take a huge dose to get that effect either, which is fantastic."
"On this drug for 2 weeks, had severe side effects, swelling of both hands, rash,and small bubbles started appearing (pop it like water). now its on both feet,arm pit. I had to stop taking it."
"I also am having trouble getting out of bed and getting motivated and terrible dreams that make me punch and kick. I even had the police called on me for dreaming. I used to not have these problems also. I&#039;ve been taking this long term and now has manifested into this the last 6 months. For some reason after taking this for long time it changes and now I have to stop taking it again."
"For years, I have had L1-L2 pain from a compression fracture and moderate disc degeneration. The pain relief from this is so much better than anything else I have taken, and I can go about my normal life without feeling drugged up like Oxycontin or other narcotic pain killers.  Not 100% relief yet though.  I&#039;ve only had it for a few weeks and my doctor and I are still working to find the right dosage.  I&#039;m on 15mg every 8 hours at the moment and will probably move up to 20mg soon.  It&#039;s very promising though."
"Champix is beyond impressive!  I was advised to become aware of those &quot;triggers&quot; that drove me to reach for that cigarette in the first place before starting Champix. Stress is notorious for that, as well as that after meal cigarette. I came  up with many different positive ways to get around those triggers by switching them up. By day 3 in my 2nd week of taking Champix, I could only smoke half of a cigarette because it tasted and smelled that bad! One smoke that day is all I had. Side effects of nausea don&#039;t last for long for me. MAYBE up to a 1/2 hour at most, but not a craving for nicotine since I started my 2nd week. This is what impresses me the most! I&#039;m starting week 3 tomorrow, and becoming smoke free with incredible ease."
"I&#039;m 18 and have been on Cryselle for around 3 years. I have 3-4 day periods that are generally pretty light and manageable. No weight gain or mood swings, but I&#039;ve suffered from acne since I hit puberty and recently realized that my skin completely clears up during my placebo pill week. I really think that the hormones in Cryselle are what&#039;s been giving me such bad skin. Although I really like everything else about this pill, I&#039;m switching to another next week that will hopefully improve my skin."
"Helped tremendously with motivation, concentration, mid-morning fatigue, and overall feeling of well-being. No direct side-effects other than occasional itchy/burning forearms (which may or may not be attributed to the drug - possibly a pinched nerve in neck.)"
"I have been on Nuva Ring for about a week now. I was on birth control pill and I found that I hated taking a pill everyday, so I did some research on the ring and decided to do a three month trial and so far I love it. It&#039;s nice to not have to worry about taking a pill everyday. I love it!"
"I started Adipex in 2006 weighing in at 215lbs and used it for 2 months, got down to 185lbs, which is less 30 lbs. I stopped taking it and gained 15lbs, give or take. I started it again 2 days ago at 196lbs and weighed in today at 189lbs. The positive thing is I crave water, and since I am never hungry I eat healthy because I don&#039;t want to eat anything. "
"I got side effects of numb feet, hands, and lips, does not work longer than 6 hours. Causes sleepless nights, and anxious symptoms. Itchy nose area."
"When I first started taking invega it took away the voices and delusional thoughts better than the other injection I was receiving. Weening off of it was not hard but I was also taking large doses of niacin and lithium at the time. I had a manic episode that lasted 3 months after withdrawing. After that, one injection brought me back to reality in less than a day. I have extreme weight gain on invega, drousiness (sleep 12 hours a day) and decreased sex drive. Though it is important for me to point out, like I said, no mania or hallucinating. I function well on the injection. It is the side effects that I have troubles dealing with."
"I&#039;ve just started on paxil. Doctor said take in morning but I&#039;ve been horribly groggy and depressed. So I switched to taking it at night and there&#039;s an amazing difference! I&#039;m energetic and I feel good this far. I can organize My thoughts and anxiety seems to be down abit but like I said just the begenning.

Weight loss- paxil curbs my appetite!! It&#039;s great because I need to lose a lot of weight. I&#039;ve lost about 6 pounds so far but I am also dieting, exercising, and actively trying to lose weight the appetite suppressant affect just help me a lot!"
"I began .06 dose on November 9th at 8:45 pm. So far so good, as I do not have any side effects that were reported by others. Saxenda has definitely suppressed my appetite. I have to make myself eat. I eat small and often. I&rsquo;m so excited about this journey. I am 5&rsquo;8 and weighed in at 244 lbs. I will keep posted my progress. Good luck to everyone!"
"I have PTSD with flashbacks/anxiety and don&#039;t want to take benzodiazepines because I&#039;m also an addict.  While Vistaril doesn&#039;t work quite as well, it does help and I feel better about taking it."
"We all have challenges in life. I suffer from PTSD and depression. Over the years I have tried a few different medications. My fantastic physican based in Phoenix, AZ recommeded Cymbalta. It has really made a positive difference in my life.

I have noticed that I&#039;m doing a lot better in life. First my body pains have decreased. Followed by I&#039;m more happy and positive. I&#039;m more active in the local community through my commitment to a couple different volunteer organizations.

If it wasn&#039;t for my caring and magnificent physican and NP I wouldn&#039;t be where I&#039;m at today. I&#039;m grateful for their support and on how well Cymbalta works. My quality of life has improved. Thank you for your time."
"I started this on 8/11 at 274.4 lbs (female 5&#039;6&quot;) and today I am down 4 pounds to 270.4lb. The first day I felt like a tweaker, and had nausea in the morning but I realized it was another medicine I take also making me sick, so today I felt fine. I got a normal lunch portion, and 1/4 of the way through I was done. I haven&#039;t thought about food at all. I&#039;ve made a conscious effort to lower my carb intake to try to get the best results. I had already changed my lifestyle before starting this medicine which I feel will continue to give me better results. It will make you very thirsty so plan on spending a lot of time in the bathroom and refilling your water. I will check back in at the end of the month! Super excited for this little boost!"
"Self administration of intramuscular injection three times weekly for major depression. Improvement to major depression has resulted in  obvious improvements after 5+ years of unsuccessful treatments by multiple medical professions.  
Undesirable requirement is giving a self-injection!"
"Beginning month 2 of Zohydro. Cannot believe the negative press! It is a long overdue blessing to chronic pain sufferers. I have multiple back issues and surgeries. The Norco 4x a day was causing about as much issue with my stomach and intestines as helping with pain. Finally asked, is there an option? Pain clinic Dr said good results with Zohydro! As we are adjusting the dosage, I take 5 mg of norco for breakthrough pain, but consider that temporary. Me, my back AND stomach are much better and much more level pain relief.  Thanks again!!!"
"Absolutely LOVE this pill. I had major issues on other pills with being irritable, irrational, emotional and feeling symptoms of withdrawl during the placebo week. Decided to try the lower estrogen with only 2 days of placebos and I&#039;ve had no issues. Periods are wierd on this pill. Sometimes I get them, sometimes I don&#039;t. Sometimes they are in the middle of the pack. They are very expensive but completely worth it. I feel great on these pills."
"I started feeling the calming effects of Lexapro after about three weeks. I&#039;m high-achieving, driven, and I love being productive and challenged. Episodes of depression have made dealing with everyday life somewhat difficult, mostly due to the insomnia that comes with depression/anxiety. I was having difficulty sleeping for about a week when I broke down and spoke with my doctor. I was prescribed Lexapro and my symptoms are almost entirely alleviated. I work midnights so I take Lexapro at around 3:00 PM. The first week I had very bad headaches and felt dizzy. I took 5 mg instead of the 10 mg which decreased the intensity of the headaches, and again, the side effects subsided pretty quickly. In addition to this, I lost eight pounds."
"Was sick on Friday then took Tamiflu at night didn&#039;t sleep very well but felt 80% better next day. Just eat something with it. It works pretty good."
"I was once you, anxiously reading reviews for Lexapro. I began getting severe anxiety and mild depression and my doctor recommended 10mg of Lexapro. I have never liked taking drugs, but I felt like it was my only choice.
The first 2-3 weeks my experience worsened. Every side effect you could have, I had. Drowsiness, sleep problems, nausea, vomiting, decreased libido, constant yawning, the list goes on. However it started to lighten up every week. By Week 6, every side effect was gone.
11 months later and I&#039;m still on 10mg and I can&#039;t explain how much my life has improved over the past year. My life is back. I&#039;m happier than ever and enjoying every aspect of life again. It may be hard at the start, but it&#039;s worth it. I believe in you! peace"
"This medication made me very aggresive, hostile and just plain angry.  This is after only taking it for a week and a half too."
"I just renewed my prescription today so I have been on Lutera for a year. I consider myself a low maintenance person and Lutera fits well into keeping me that way. I have not noticed barely anything changing while I am on it except I went up a cup size. I don&#039;t necessarily like that, but my periods are normal and it has worked to prevent pregnancy. I take it at 10pm every night. I don&#039;t have any complaints and have been truly satisfied with he results especially because my insurance covers the cost 100%."
"Been on it for ten years sugars are normal now. Plus the first seven months  I lost 100 lbs. In the 10 years     since  weight has stabilized  at 90 lbs   loss. NEVER came back. 5&#039;7&quot; 148 lbs, can eat too!"
"I have had Implanon since I had my daughter in March of 09. I have had no problems, not one.... no weight gain, no headaches, no pregnancy and most of all since then I have had 3-4 day periods!"
"I got Skyla inserted almost a month ago. My cramps and lower back pain were bad for a few days, and 1600 mg ibuprofen daily didn&#039;t help much. (My periods are usually heavy and painful; I had vaginal delivery without anesthesia. The pain from the Skyla could be compared to my worst period cramping.) By the end of the first week they became tolerable, but I was still spotting. There were 2 or 3 days when I didn&#039;t spot, then I started having bad cramps again + spotting, and a long and painful period followed that was a little lighter than usual.
Well, I&#039;m still spotting/bleeding and having cramps and obviously not pregnant because I have no mood when I&#039;m in constant pain.
I&#039;m willing to give this method another 2 months..."
"After switching from Linzess, I&rsquo;ve been using this meditation for about 2 months. Definitely a much more tolerable drug to use than the leading brand."
"I started taking this medicine to quit smoking and I haven&#039;t had a cigarette in over 6 month&#039;s the best thing I could have ever done. I thank God every day for giving me the will power. Yes I was moody AND all the side effects that are listed but I really wanted to quit smoking. I smoked Newport 100s and a pack a day. I feel great and I really didn&#039;t gain any weight maybe a few pounds but I made sure I kept busy. Thankyou sincerely I&#039;m so grateful."
"I LOVE IT! Can&#039;t rave enough about it. No mood swings, no strong appetite, GREAT SEX DRIVE. Super quick and painless to get put in, lasts 3 years! I have had it in for 10 months now and have not had ONE period. I also LOST weight on it. Before when I was bouncing from pill to pill, my weight would fluctuate and no amounts of the gym would ever help... now I am doing my same regimen at the gym with results (not saying this is because of the pill) but my appetite is not as STRONG as it was on the pill. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT."
"I&#039;m 32 and have 1 kiddo who is 7. I&#039;m been on the birth control struggle bus for years trying to find something that didn&#039;t make me unpredictably moody. I&#039;ve tried almost all birth control pills under the sun and nothing seemed to work. My doctor took me off of birth control completely  for 3 months and I felt great. He told me about Liletta and that the hormones would stay centralized (meaning it would not affect my mood). So I opted to get it inserted. Insertion was god awfully painful! But a day later I knew it was worth it. 3 days after I broke out into hives! I was allergic and had to get it removed today. Quick and painless for removal. I wish it had worked for me."
"I have been taking Librax during periods of high stress when my irritable bowel syndrome would flare up since the early 1980s. I don&#039;t take it as prescribed - it&#039;s too much. I take one capsule when symptoms flare up and I usually don&#039;t need another one. 30 capsules can last me 6 months or until they expire. Librax can cause cotton mouth. I&#039;ve tried Bentyl and Levsin and they don&#039;t work nearly as well on the spasms. I also get esophageal spasms and the Librax does a nice job of stopping them."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon since November. I was on my period when it was inserted, and I&#039;ve pretty much been bleeding nonstop since. On most days it&#039;s just moderate spotting however it does get quite annoying. Despite this minor inconvenience and a few slight headaches, I really don&#039;t have any major complaints. Overall, I am very satisfied."
"I have been prescribed Dyox for the lyme disease tick bite. Ya it messes with my stomach a bit but I don&#039;t have Lyme disease. I have been bit and red circled 7 times, NO LYME."
"started the patch this month, am on 4th day of the patch free week and spent the last few days terrified that i might be pregnant - today I got my &#039;period&#039;  aka BC withdrawal bleeding but have been nauseous all night. so, still not sure where I stand on the pregnancy thing. have also noticed:
sore breasts
weight gain of around 5kg despite no increase in appetite and sometimes even eating less than usual (not fun since I&#039;m already overweight to start with) 
strange dry itchy rash on my lower inner thighs
some vaginal dryness
overall I don&#039;t have much confidence in this... even if I&#039;m not pregnant it&#039;s scary to see the edges peeling off or a regular shower loosening the adhesive. 
switching back 2 condoms pill and will save for an IUD."
"I was on 16mg of suboxone for about 3 months before I switched to Bunavail. On Suboxone I just couldn&#039;t maintain a normal life. I had such terrible headaches I relapsed every week. I couldn&#039;t keep switching from the medication to my addiction and I was sick of it all. I thought I was doomed to be an addict. My doctor suggested I switch to Bunavail and started me at 8mgs a day. It was, for me, a life changer. I wasn&#039;t experiencing the terrible headaches and I didn&#039;t keep relapsing. No cravings! Now I&#039;m tapering off, I&#039;m down to around a half mg a day. I don&#039;t think this was even possible for me on Suboxone."
"So you find out you have herpes, now what? I&#039;ve read so many stories on blogs and different websites about how people disclose the topic to potential partners and their fears. Here&#039;s the deal guys, if you use Valtrex and a condom, the chance of you giving the infection to the other person is less than 2% (assuming you aren&#039;t having an active outbreak). If a girl/guy has an issue with the fact and can&#039;t see you anymore because of it than good! It&#039;s better you find out they weren&#039;t that into you this way than 6 months and countless dates later. A cure is right around the corner if you follow the updates in the medical community so hang tough and forget the stigma!"
"Just finished my second course of two weeks on/two off/two on.  I pray this works! The side effects I experienced were between moderate  to severe (flu like, headache, upset stomach). My nose looks like I burned off the entire end/tip.  It is very sore, crusting, oozing- very ugly. But if this is the price I pay for the medicine to hopefully work, I&#039;ve sucked it up!  I had MOHS March of 15 and the new treatment spot is adjacent to the old scar.  Praying this works..."
"I take 50 mg nightly, and will continue to indefinitely, because I get 7-8 hours solid sleep. I never take it until I&#039;m ready to lie down in bed. After a few minutes of reading, drowsiness sets in and I sleep soundly all night.

My only complaint is that, even though I am aware of dreaming, I&#039;m unable to remember them even after only seconds of waking. I&#039;d like to remember my dreams, because they likely serve a purpose, but it&#039;s a sacrifice I&#039;m willing to make. For me, with severe insomnia for 20 years, it&#039;s been the only thing I could count on to work with no discernable side effects. A life-changer for me."
"I was given 20 mg of Vyvanse for Binge Eating Disorder 4 days ago. I have suffered with BED for over 40 years. Been to therapy for 30 of those years and never really helped. I am 59 yy and exercise regularly, eat right don&#039;t smoke or drink or drug. But I binge and have always been 15-20 lbs overweight.
Well the first day I took it, I DID NOT OBSESS OVER FOOD which I have all my life. Weekends have been hell especially when dieting, which I am constantly doing. And when not dieting I&#039;m bingeing-classic BED. So I eat a regular meal then A piece of candy or sweet not he whole bag! And then I don&#039;t obsess over the next bag. I think that&#039;s how &quot;normal eaters&quot; do it. Truly amazing! I hope it lasts. Weight loss is bound to happen, but more importantly, no obsession"
"I have been on Belviq for 2 months now. So far, I&#039;ve lost 17 pounds. I started at 240. I am in my late 30&#039;s and have struggled with being overweight since I started working in the corporate world. I&#039;ve noticed that I don&#039;t have the late night cravings that I used to have and I feel full after dinner up until the next morning. I used have the need to snack before bed, but that has gone away since I&#039;ve been on Belivq. No side effects expect a dry mouth the first week or so. I also used to drink a six pack of beer on the weekends but I&#039;ve noticed that I don&#039;t feel the urge to binge drink anymore.... and I feel great!"
"I take Prevacid twice a day, and never have a problem"
"I lost 70 lbs in 6 mos. on Phentermine 37.5 . I had to have surgery and the surgeon required me to come off of it 3 weeks prior to the surgery and 3 weeks post surgery, then I had some complications following my surgery... I gained 23 lbs back which was very disappointing.  

I just picked up my new prescription today and can&#039;t wait to get started again!
The only side effect I had in the past was the first 3-4 nights I had trouble sleeping.After that no problem!But the main key is drink plenty of water !
It does really work and you are not hungry!"
"I&#039;ve been prescribed to take this medicine twice a day for 15 days and have really bad cystic acne. I&#039;m about a week in and I think I&#039;m in the purging period. All of the deep cysts in my face are becoming nodules!! I hope this goes away fast. I suggest not using many other products with this as it makes your skin super sensitive and I&#039;ve been having a really red face if I use anything too harsh."
"I had initial T-cell count of 175 (full blown AIDS) &amp; viral load of 220,000 almost 4 years ago. I began Atripla and within 6 months my numbers were sensational; T-cells 600  and viral load was/is undetectable. The crazy dreams were minimal. I miss solid bowel movements but that is a very low price to pay for my health and peace of mind. I went back to college a couple of years ago and I can not take the medicines and stay up really late to do homework because it feels really weird and my head spins but if I take it and go right to bed then I feel nothing unusual. I have never paid attention to the not eating for two hours guidelines and have noticed no issues. I am eternally grateful for Atripla."
"I suffered from chronic sinusitis had a deviated septum,  using Afrin daily for over 30 years.   Multiple ENTs over the years tried to help me break the Afrin habit  was various medications and sprays to no avail.   My sinuses with swell up, and I would be unable to breathe, and run to the store to buy more Afrin.  FINALLY, a new ENT suggested Qnasl, and within days of using it, I was able to breathe through the night without having to use Afrin.  QNASL IS A MIRACLE MED!!   The cost is high and out of pocket for me was $39, but it was well worth it!"
"I have been taking this on a weekly basis for the past 8 months but I noticed that in the last three weeks it&#039;s been giving me diarrhea the moment I take it. It just goes right through me.  

This medication is effective, but you have to make sure your body can handle it.  I did, for a while, until recently."
"I have been on Effexor for 18 years.   Yes, that&#039;s right: 18 YEARS.  It saved my life and then some.   I had very severe clinical depression back in 1995.  I was suicidal and anxious to the nth degree.   Effexor has brought joy back to my life and has enhanced my creativity and sexual desire.  I have been blessed with this medication.  It was the first anti-depressant my doctor prescribed and most likely the last.   A match made in Paradise: Effexor and I."
"Hello, I had posted on here a few months ago (scroll down to see it)  but I had my dose upped and honestly I take a total of 600mcg a day, and they DO work! The first month was spotty but now at my higher dosage I feel great, I think its a good start at least for some of you, but it can get pricy. Look out for 75%-90% off coupons for any medicine. Just remember it is for chronic long term pain and the more you take it (as prescribed please!!! It is still addicting despite its dosage) you realize it does help, it does make you want to get out bed, and honestly it takes away my chronic pelvic pain better than anything except oxycodone 30 mg, but I cannot get those. I&#039;m proud to be the first patient in my doctors office to be on this"
"Worked the first time!"
"This caused me severe muscle pain and cramps ."
"Have been taking for over 1 week now and after have all over fibromyalgia pain as well as night sweats, I am sleeping much better and my pain is 1/2 what it was. I was told to give it 60 days to really work but I felt better after one day."
"I took this drug for about a week and it did relieve my constipation due to suboxone treatment. After about a week I was going into withdrawals, had to leave work early and was a complete fucking mess by the time I got home. I&#039;m going back to Miralax because it worked, kiND of. Had such hope for this medicine but once it built up in my system I was having full on with drawl. No thank you. Overpriced anyway."
"It seems to do a better job than other anti-inflammatories."
"Started on augmentin the day prior to a simple tooth extraction. It gave me a slightly upset stomach but quickly subsided with yogurt/probiotics etc. Took more augmentin after extraction, no upset stomach but noticed tiny bumps on lower half of face and neck. Started to feel hot and kind of itchy, very shaky. Shortly after I started burping and felt hungry like I hadn&#039;t eaten in days. An hour after 3rd dose was like a scene from the Exorcist. Never vomited so hard in my entire life, it was painful. Doc said to stop taking it - no duh. Stopped taking augmentin but nausea and exorcist vomiting still here. Face still hot and bumpy, skin itchy. Never allergic to reg. amoxicillin. I want this new med outta my system! NEVER AGAIN"
"I got the Mirena about 3 weeks ago, I&#039;m 21 and have 2 children. The ob told my husband that he would feel the strings and no intercourse for 2 weeks. Well the bleeding has been nonstop, slightly heavy. I&#039;m not really sure if I like it or not. My ob, by her own choice had to numb me and give me a shot for pain right before I had it inserted.  I&#039;m not really sure if this is normal. I have acne now haven&#039;t had it since I was 18, I&#039;ve gained weight and I get sleepy very easily now."
"I suffer from this type of schizophrenia since the late 1900&#039;s early 2,000&#039;s and nothing worked for my depressive episodes.
I spent the last two weeks in bed because of a depressive episode and my family was ready to take me to the psych. hospital again.
I did not want to be hospitalized, I have been hospitalized aproximately 14 times in the last 10 years with no improvement until I found this a sample bottle of Wellbutrin XL in an old medicine box that I have next to bed.
This medication took me out of bed within a day, literally, so I called my doctor and told me about it and he couldn&#039;t believe it either.
Before this medication I felt useless, now I am getting back in track like I used to be many years ago. Side effects will go away soon."
"My OC switched me from letrozole to exemestane because I was having some bone loss. I was a little more tired and achey on the Letrozole so assumed the same from exemesterane but oh my gosh what a difference. I gained 6Lbs in a month, horrible headaches, pins and needles in hands, back pain, fatigue, waking up in the middle of the night, hot flashes, ring in my ears and blurry vision.  I&#039;m switching back to Lettozole at least the s/e are tolerable. I guess everyone is different if it works for others awesome but not for me. These reviews are so needed in our for-profit health-care system. Doctors  won&#039;t tell you or don&#039;t know about all the side effects and who even knows about long term ones....."
"I have been on the same dose of tapentadol and tramadol for 2 years for atypical trigeminal neuralgia with no development of tolerance. Limited gastrointestinal side effects and no CNS side effects. The medication has not lost any efficacy and has been more effective for my pain than Duragesic (fentanyl) 25mcg patches. With the Nucynta savings program I pay only $25 a month for 120 tablets."
"I have been on Celexa for nearly two weeks and it has been a huge help. I can finally get up, bathe, get dressed, and go out. I am able to take my children to school and actually function. This is my first time taking meds but I am open to them since I have educational background in mental health. I am a grad school student and was first put on Prozac but after nearly two weeks I went from severe anxiety to falling into a deep, terrible depression that left me unable to function. My Dr. immediately switched me to Zoloft but after only 4 days I became severely nauseated, so once again I was switched to Celexa, and finally I can say that now I have gotten some serious relief. Only side effects are itching and dizziness. Good luck to you."
"I have been on Tenuate 75mg since March 9th.  I have dropped 20 lbs in approx. 9 weeks.  My calorie goal is 1100-1200 although some days I am lucky to reach 600. I am just not that hungry. I also changed my eating habits.  Grilled chicken vs fried and lots of salads with reduced or fat free dressings.  Tenuate and My Fitness Pal have been my &quot;crutches&quot;.  I still have a long way to go but I am determined to do it!"
"Contrave gave me heart issues and it makes you feel really sick.  Needs to be off the market"
"Ok I&#039;m on my second day of this stuff. Last night being my first night was absolutely miserable. So much so that I had to go to sleep to forget about my discomfort. Within 5 mins of inserting this it makes my vag feel like it&#039;s in fire and makes me want to itch like crazy. After the itching somewhat calms down then the burning ensues. The only reason I am using it a second night is that I have read that if you can grin and bear it that it does help so I&#039;m trying to just push through it, but next time I&#039;ll be doing something different and it won&#039;t be this stuff....."
"Have had propofol twice now (once for flexible sigmoidoscopy and once for a colonoscopy).  It worked wonderfully for me - woke up feeling like I had a long refreshing nap.  I tend to be super sensitive to drugs and usually suffer side effects from them so I am amazed at how good I felt after the propofol.  No lasting side effects at all.  Sorry to hear it was unpleasant for some!"
"Was only on it for 4 months to regulate my period. Started out okay and period were light and on schedule. The last 2 months I was on it I had my period for two weeks!! Also made me very depressed, I gained weight, craved food 24/7, and retained water and felt bloated all the time."
"It helped me to calm my racing thoughts and get to sleep and stay asleep."
"Back pain 7 yrs ... Spinal Stenosis and Degenerative Disc ... Once I was prescribed Opana ER I was also prescribed a companion breakthrough medicine taken 4 x daily, these have been rotated every few mos. Dr. started Opana 10 ER 2 x daily, then Opana ER 20 twice daily. I&#039;m now on Opana ER 40mg twice daily.

I&#039;m seldom pain free but with Opana ER 40 and a breakthrough medicine I&#039;m more comfortable.  I can now stand and do tasks for short periods, then sit until the pain subsides.  This method has allowed me to cook, do laundry, raise tomatoes, etc.  I know that sounds limited but before I was pretty much chair bound.  NOW FEEL I HAVE MY LIFE BACK.

SEVERE CONSTIPATION only reaction but I&#039;ve had that with every pain medicine prescription."
"For the last few years I starting having trouble keeping my erections starting causing issues in my relationship so I finally asked my doctor about e.d. meds and he prescribed cialis 20mg . And the first time I took one took about 30 minutes and WOW I couldn&#039;t believe how good this worked rock hard for the first time in about 3 yrs great confidence booster ! The  effects lasted about 2 days this stuff is awesome !"
"I have been taking Keppra for 1 week now and have only had the side effect of drowziness and dizziness but there is one thing that&#039;s not on here that I have and it&#039;s a bad taste in my mouth. All the time a lot of things will make me sick if I eat them like chicken and pork they have a sewer taste in my mouth no matter how bad I brush my teeth it wont go away. I don&#039;t take any other medicines besides keppra. I have epilepsy and used to take depakote but was taken off of it when I was 18 because of weight gain. I have not had a seizure in 5 years then I got them again the doctor put me on keppra and told me it will help."
"How often do you find a product that really does what it;s supposed to? Never. But this stuff really works 100%. I wouldn&#039;t say I had severe sweating problems, but my underarms were wet constantly. I was constantly uncomfortable because of it, always felt this nasty wetness and could never wear any shirt more than once. Wearing slim fitting tops was out of the question and I can&#039;t tell you how many silk blouses I&#039;ve ruined after only 1 wear. This product worked instantly, I applied it overnight and the next day I didn&#039;t sweat AT ALL, not even a tiny bit. I now apply it twice a week and I forgot what sweating is. I can wear anything and feel comfortable all day long. And it&#039;s cheap too! $10 without insurance, can&#039;t beat that."
"I&#039;m on my second month of taking this bc and noticed in the first month my face was very dry. Had a few small breakouts. This could also be contributed from using Glycolic Acid Cream. But I have had some pretty bad bloating and terrible gas and constipation. Though it did help the length of my cycle from 10/15 days down to 5/7 days. Cramps are a breeze compared to before Aviane.  Sex drive isn&#039;t high but I had issues with my sex drive before taking Aviane. Pretty bad breast tenderness and growth. If this bc is not the reasoning for my tummy issues then I would recommend it."
"Used to get hallucinations at times in the night after using pioglitazone. Scary side effect. My doctor changed me over to a different combination."
"Oh my god took 4 white pills (250mg) about 2 hours ago and my stomach is cramping so bad! I just want to sleep and I can&#039;t, I just want to be sick and I can&#039;t! When will it end?! Bad diahorrea too!"
"The one medication that has helped so drastically with depression and anxiety but so addictive if other methods can be found I suggest going down another road"
"I gotten my first shot around Sept/Oct of 2015 and I bled ALL THREE MONTHS . December of 2015 I was due for a second shot and I decided not to go get my second shot . And ever since then I&#039;ve been bleeding off and on . It would stop for couple hours and then back to bleeding . I had a typical white discharge one day and when I went to go shower I was bleeding through my pants . And I&#039;m only 18 YEARS OLD !!! The depo shot has completely ruined my periods . Does anyone know if you can get an infection from nonstop bleeding ?"
"I was on 50mg first...I was crazy then I went on 100mg. Changed my life.  I was actually living! ! When I missed a few days, I thought it was making me sick,  but never missed any doses. Then my doctor cancelled on me 3 days in a row . At that point it was 6 days,  so I said screw it, I&#039;ll stay off them  and I did fine. Wasn&#039;t sickly...didn&#039;t go crazy. I was fine.  
This past 3.5 years of being off it, I&#039;ve gone way down hill.  So I&#039;m excited about going back on them and getting a life back.  I tell you,  before I went on them I was in a really bad place.  PTSD,  from my child hood, my brother killed him self, had none in my life.  Got on pills started jogging and working out, eating good, because I felt good for once. Lost 50lbs. Getting back"
"I am half way through this treatment of IV infusion of Ferrlecit. Each time after the infusion, both arms break out in terrible rash, and swell alot. The IV arm is much worse than the opposite arm. I also have chest pain and general malaise. I am taking histamine blockers at the time of the infusion to help but it doesn&#039;t help much."
"Developed memory loss, (MMSE 16/30) , developed total body neuralgia, developed instability, developed cogging (regitity of muscle tone), developed Parkinsonian symptoms,"
"I had my mirena placed at the end of May. An hour before my appointment I took 800mg of ibuprofen and ate a small breakfast. The pain during the placement wasn&#039;t bad, some cramps for maybe a minute (but I also have a child). I was on the last day of my menstrual cycle and barely had any bleeding from mirena. I went off birth control pills because my mood was horrible, I was always on edge and since switching I feel more like myself. My acne has gotten worse and I just finally saw a dermatologist. I got 2 creams and spironolactone to help with my hormonal acne. If you&#039;ve had acne previous to placement I would recommend seeking treatment from the start instead of suffering to see if it clears as time goes on. Other than that I feel great!"
"It is absolutely amazing the way it works."
"Yummy and good"
"Started 7/9/16, it&#039;s morning of 7/18. So far I have lost 11lbs. Just recently started week 2 and I&#039;m feeling the sleepiness and nausea it&#039;s not horrific, concerned I might have to go to 1 pill again but for 11lbs in 9 days I&#039;ll try to stick it out. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s all in my head but my cravings have pretty much gone and my portions are incredibly small and I&#039;m really not hungry at all any more. I&#039;ve also been more interested in walking which before hand if someone even mentioned they were going for a walk I would want to throw up- I&#039;ve even started to add 5-10 push-ups after my daily walk. Super thirsty all the time but I haven&#039;t retained any of the water and I try to mix it up- put some lemons or cucumbers in the water for added boost"
"Overall, this medicine got me out of the hospital in one day with a large clot in my calf.  Much better than the IV drip option.  Shots in stomach aren&#039;t too bad if you go slow...let the medicine work its way in slowly.  I did experience small bruising at each shot location, and significant abdominal muscle pain.  The muscle pain was a unique side effect from all the sites I searched, but I was very careful not to inject into a muscle."
"Zoloft, for me, has been a wonder drug.  It worked incredibly well for me in combating anxiety associated with Post Natal Depression.  Initially I had the shakes and dry mouth and a little dizziness, but that passed after a couple of weeks.  I highly recommend sticking with the side effects and trying it for at least 8 weeks.  From being almost bed bound, I completed a nursing degree, got a great job and am raising 2 kids as a single Mum.  I found keeping busy the helps with my anxiety.  CBT and Zoloft were, however, the most effective treatments for keeping panic at bay."
"I&#039;ve had psoriasis for 35 years and  arthritis for perhaps 30.  For about 9 years I took Enbrel and methotrexate with very good results.  Despite my long-term success with this combo, about 6 months ago I decided to replace Enbrel with Otezla, primarily because I wanted to decrease my use of immunosuppressants and because of the cancer risks associated with Enbrel.   For the first 2-3 weeks I had the expected side effects, the worst being having to move my bowels 5-6 times a day.  Also some headaches.  Now, six months in, I think I am ready to go back to Enbrel.   My scalp psoriasis used to be almost non-existent but is now getting bad.  Same for my elbows/forearms.  I also have many aches and pains that I&#039;ve never had before...."
"I have been taking Latuda now for 3 months and it has really helped me. Before I was very angry and had hallucinations and that is minimized now. I also started taking Viibryd at the same time and was on it a month with the Latuda but the Viibryd made me extremely manic so I was taken off it. Now with just the Latuda I am very calm, still get a little angry and blow things out of proportion but otherwise it is making me feel really good. I have started journaling and reading a lot more. I have high energy and have started walking a lot more. The only thing that I noticed was when I was on both medications that I ate a lot. But with the Latuda I am great and love life."
"I lost 10 pounds prior to starting Contrave. I only needed to lose between 15-20. However, after starting the medication, I gained back 5 pounds. It actually made my appetite worse. Now that I am off it, my appetite feels back to normal. Also, it made me incredibly sleepy and tired at my most productive time of day. Also, like most everyone else here nauseous as well."
"I am 23 years old and have been on Concerta for over 2 years. I can tell you, as all of you have mentioned, that the first initial response my brain had to this medicine is efficiency. I went from not knowing if I could make it through school, to getting myself back into school after a year or so off. I went to college, and started taking Concerta. I had straight As for quite a while. I went from 18 mg, to 27 mg. I have noticed, within the past two years, that my brain has become very used to the drug. I have tried not taking it for a few days, because I don&#039;t want to depend on the medicine. However, I do notice after a couple days off of it, that my mind doesn&#039;t work at all. I feel like my brain is non-functioning; like I can&#039;t do anything."
"I just started this pill on day 3. Not sure if this is part of it as I was tired before but do feel tired and my eyes feel heavy. Do tend to feel hungry after 2 hours but eat and get full pretty quickly. No issues with focusing. One thing is I have to use the bathroom more often, probably because of the water intake."
"I took aftera on the 27th of March after having planned unprotected sex with my husband. I didn&#039;t really experience any major side effects other than headaches and cramping here and there for 2 days and then after that it went away. I still haven&#039;t had my period and I&#039;m 3 weeks late. Took a pregnancy test a yesterday and it came back negative. I haven&#039;t had any symptoms of pregnancy but it worries me than my period should have come by now and it still hasn&#039;t. I have a doctors appointment set up for this Friday hopefully I&#039;m not pregnant."
"Horrible side effects. Been on this pill for almost 8 months and the bloating/ cramps are just getting worse and worse. Put on about 10 pounds even though it&#039;s water weight - it did NOT go away!! Worsened my anxiety and depression , made me so tired could barely do anything all day I felt like I was on morphine. I feel like I have to pee 600 times a day because of how bloated I am. Terrible terrible pill. Do not recommend."
"I have had such a horrible experience with this birth control. My anxiety has really spiked as well as depression. I cry for little things and my emotions are all over the place. My face is turning into this blob of break outs that I can&#039;t even get control with facial treatments. I have been on my period for months until I was given a birth control pill to regulate it. It has suddenly stopped working as effectively as before and I am spotting every other day. I don&#039;t even feel comfortable in my own skin anymore. I really liked the idea of the implant, it was an option that I thought was convenient to me and less risky like missing a pill or the condom breaking (like it did before), however, I am starting to feel that the cons outweigh pros."
"This drug has been miraculous for me, it helps my fatigue and helps focus and alertness."
"I started taking this when I was just about 18. Wanted to quit using condoms with my boyfriend and just go on this. First month or two my periods were irregular and I got extremely moody, but I just thought it was me getting used to it. 9 months into using it and my moods, anxiety and depression have gotten horrible! To the point where I was crying or getting depressed at my boyfriend simply not texting me back. Moods so bad affected my relationship. Other than the moods I have little/no period, no acne, no weight gain, no cramps. Overall the moods were so bad I could not take it anymore even though everything else was great."
"I was perscrbed Voltaren for knee pain. It seems when the surgeon replaced my knee he damaged the nerve badly...I had been in pain for a long time...thanks to this product I can sleep at night now. It worked well for me."
"I was prescribed it because I was suffering from very bad cramps. This did not do anything to relieve the pain. It turned me into an absolute wreck where I was crying all of the time, from the very first day. It affected my sleep. As well as this my breasts were unbearably painful and they ballooned in size.  This pill also made me break out on my face. In short, taking this pill was an absolute nightmare."
"I&#039;ve used several different prescription creams for my eczema.  I have continuous outbreaks under my eyebrow, and below my eye, near my mouth, my arms and occasionally outbreaks everywhere else.  Protopic is the only cream that has worked so far but it was extremely greasy so I only used it at night (or I covered it). It only provided temporary relief  (a cycle of relief, then misery) and it caused keratosis throughout my entire eyebrow.  I had my eyebrows tattooed over 10 years ago. I have only used Protopic for a couple of years now and we believe the cream reacted to the ink in my skin by growing keratosis."
"Does not control or reduce outbursts of anger. Original dose 20mg, eventually doubled. Doubling had temporary short term benefit. However, there are no noticeable side effects."
"I had terrible rheumatoid arthritis for almost 2 years at a young age. I had it in both my knees and feet and it was going into my right arm. I was so miserable I could barely leave my house for school during the winter. Driving and running were impossible and walking even a short distance was extremely hard without Advil. I started Enbrel 2 weeks before my 18th birthday. The first day I took Enbrel I felt better. I was able to go to my senior prom without pain, it was great! I have been pain FREE with no side effects. I was skeptical at first but I&#039;m SO GLAD I took Enbrel. The shot is painless too! I can&#039;t guarantee that it&#039;ll work as quick as it did for me, but if you suffer as I did, TAKE ENBREL. It has saved my life and I can finally be a normal teen again."
"I want to start off my review by stating that everyone is different; so what worked for me may not work for you. With that said, I was suffering from severe MDD, anxiety, OCD, border lining on psychosis after I had my son last summer. I was so miserable for his first year of life, and then I was finally put on Pristiq after trying about 10 other anti-depressants/anxiety meds. I seriously feel like a normal person again. I can enjoy my family and friends, and am able to maintain my relationships with them. This has been a literal life saver for me, and because of this, I don&#039;t mind that my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it."
"Love only having a period every three months."
"I have had the implant for 5 months now and have not had any bleeding, acne or weight gain once. It would be an absolute dream if it didn&#039;t give me constant anxiety attacks. I am getting it removed tomorrow. But everyone is different so don&#039;t let the reviews completely put you off, but do bear in mind that any depression/anxiety/crying IS definitely caused by it. its a VERY real side effect

Avoid if you have mental health issues!"
"I started this on July the 6th of this year (2017) I&#039;m completing a 6 month course it finishes next month in Jan :) it took like 4 months to show a dramatic change ! It&#039;s def getting there I wanted to make a comment before but wanted to wait !! So I have had toenail and fingernail fungus since I was 12 from working with plants and what not . I never ever showed my feet to anyone so embarrassed lololololllll . Anyways then my fingernails got infected !! N I was like noooooooo so my mum never took me as a teen I waited till I turned 19 and went to the doc myself . Got prescribed terabinafine 2 years ago  for 3 months and it got rid of my fingernail infection and I didn&#039;t tell the doc I had toenail fungus cause it was soooo bad . Part 1"
"Definitely research before you start this. I didn&#039;t because my dr prescribed it and I thought they wouldn&#039;t give me something this awful. I&#039;ve gotten 4 shots and am just now realizing all the issues I&#039;ve had are because of it. I have no sex drive extremely moody and have had weight gain and eat right and work out daily. I&#039;m a happy person and have been irritable and short tempered since I&#039;ve been getting the shot. I highly recommend researching anything but especially shots because once you get that shot its in your system and you have to wait for it to get out"
"I&#039;ve been on and off birth control for 5 years and I was on Levora for a couple of months before I decided I didn&#039;t want to be on any birth control. I recently started taking Levora again, but I quickly remembered why I stopped taking it before, HORRIBLE breast tenderness and swelling, to the point where I&#039;m constantly thinking about how bad my breasts hurt, it&#039;s hard to concentrate or move or do anything because they&#039;re always hurting, just wondering if anyone else experienced this and if so, if it goes away at some point? If not, I have to get off of this!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 8 months now. I started when I met the most amazing man in the world. Unfortunately, we&#039;re in a long distance relationship so the small amount of time we get every 2 weeks, he of course wants to have sex. Before I started Levora I would have sex with him 2-4 times a day, it was the most amazing sex of my life! Ever since I started the pill I don&#039;t even want to kiss him. He thinks I&#039;m not attracted to him anymore because I NEVER want to have sex! If he wasn&#039;t so in love and patient with me I know that he would have been gone by now. I absolutely hate how much this has affected my sex drive, it&#039;s caused me to gain 10lbs, and sometimes I get overly emotional/depressed."
"I&#039;ve been on nortriptyline for close to 15 years now for migraine treatments after a significant head injury. Before being put on the medicineI&#039;d get migraines that would put me out for days at a time. After starting out a low dose it helped control my migraines and has continued to do so over the past 15 or so years (though with increased dosage). The most common side effects have been drowsiness, dry mouth, quivers in my hands along with adverse reaction to prolonged periods of being in the sun. I&#039;ve also put on a few pounds over the past few years, but that may be the result of moving from an active job to a more sedentary one and not the medication. Overall nortriptyline has been great at controlling my migraines without too many negatives."
"I had been on orsythia for over 2 years with no problem before being put on lutera, which I told was just another generic form. WRONG! Lutera has made me moody all month long, my craps are bad. I&#039;ve been on lutera for about 4 or 5 months. I&#039;ve talked to my pharmacist to give me something else."
"This generic brand is nothing like the brand name. Something is definitely different. I spot regularly during the 2nd week of pills every single month.  I think you need to pull it off the market. I will be discontinuing my use."
"Tomorrow will end out my first full week on Belviq and since I read every single one of these reviews before asking my doctor for it, I thought I&#039;d better add mine to help the next person out. :) I&#039;m female, age 41, T2 diabetic. I started last week at 187 (5&#039;5&quot; tall) which puts my BMI at just over 30. I weight this morning (would have been five full days) and am down four pounds to 183!! I haven&#039;t lost my appetite by any means and could still easily overeat it I wanted to. What it has done for me is to help me feel full faster. It&#039;s still on me to make healthy choices, the difference is that now I can eat at appropriate portion and be satisfied. I have been averaging 1200 calories a day. No side effects for me. I&#039;m thrilled!!"
"Hasn&#039;t caused many problems for me. May have made me get more pimples than usual but nothing horrible, no bad breakouts, etc. My sex drive is still healthy. My weight is easier to maintain and there has been no hunger increase. Also my periods are a lot shorter, going from about 3 days of moderate-heavy flow and 3 days of spotting-&quot;pantyliner&quot; flow to about 1 day of heavy flow to 1 day of &quot;pantyliner&quot; flow and can always be predicted within 2 days after I stop taking the hormone pills. I really don&#039;t have much to complain about this pill."
"Don&#039;t know what the problem is with taking it.... Yes it isn&#039;t pleasant but it does what it says on the tin and that is the reason you have to take it. The hardest thing for me is the hunger I can&#039;t wait to have food after my colonscopy tomorrow ."
"Today is the day after insertion for Mirena (first time user) and have 3 kids.  In advance, the doctor&#039;s office told me to take 2 Advil before arriving at appointment.  I barely felt the insertion and had to ask if it was inserted.  I felt an ever so slight cramping for 2 hours afterwards (maybe because I was very aware of it and looking for some symptom) and then haven&#039;t felt anything since that time yesterday.  I have a small amount of spotting (using a small pantyliner, but not enough for a pad). The doctor called to follow up today and stated some women do not have discomfort, especially after having 3 kids but to call back if I had any questions.  I will update a review if any issues arise but wanted to post b/c read all experiences!!"
"I have been taking citalopram 60mg for about 3 years.
At first it was working great, I was smiling more and laughing from the bottom of my stomach instead of just my throat. Now though I feel like it has completely stopped working. I have mood swings, anxiety, fears, not sleeping, waking up before dawn, etc. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s just me or is my medicine telling me it need&#039;s a change. What else can I try? I need my life back, my children need me."
"Severe diabetic neuropathy in hands and feet.  Severe nerve damage in the fingers of my right hand.
Lower back pain with spinal stenosis.
Started on Gabapentin 4 months ago after hand surgery.  300mg taking 3 capsules 3xday for a total of 2700mg per day.  No side effects whatsoever and no reaction being used with all of my other meds.  I find the drug to be effective for severe pain, not only for neurological pain but for musculoskeletal  pain as well.  I was able to get stop using narcotic for pain which was truly an asset."
"I have been on and off Paxil CR several times over the past 3 years.  It has been a life saver!  I am able to be myself and enjoy life everyday instead of focusing on my Anxiety.  The first few weeks can be a little challenging adjusting to the medicine but it is totally worth some nausea and sleeplessness."
"It works. Very good product"
"After taking one 500 mg. clarithromycin in about three hours became dizzy, uncomfortable in the head and short of breath.  Am afraid to take another although it was prescribed one every 12 hours. Have spent most of the day with head reclined and eyes closed.  Had same reaction to 500 mg.. of Azithromycin but could take 250 mg. with no problem.  Shall I ask the doctor to prescribe a smaller dose.  Am very fearful of another like this."
"I was in a car wreck with whiplash. eye sensitivity, pain from mid back of head down spine to below shoulder blades, and out to both shoulders, and involving full lumbar area. Doctors put me on this stuff for the intense pain. I took it for two days, hoping it would help. OMG it double-downed my pain. I wanted to kill anyone and everyone, walls, sheets, everything that got in my way or accidently pissed me off. Called the doctor and literally growled at her about how much I hurt. I expected double pain to some extent after that kind of a shake up but this was beyond acceptable and as soon as it was out of my system I still hurt but was back under 10 on that 1 to 10 scale."
"Imitrex would eventually stop the headache but like others have stated, my heart feels like its about to jump out of my chest and I would get a worse headache before it got better. "
"My wife started taking Adipex in December of 2014, she finished it up through April 2015 and went from 187 lbs to 152 lbs.  She kept to the same 1200 calorie diet she has always done for almost two years, and she works out on a variety of fitness classes to running an hour on a treadmill 3-4 times a week.

It is 6/14/15 and I weigh 288 lbs and I am 5&#039;10&quot;. I work out 4-5 times a week doing exercises like basketball twice a week for two hours and running two other times a week and lifting twice a week. So I am at the gym 5-6 times a week.  Now that it is summer I plan on working out for an hour in the morning 3 times a week of cardio and lift at night."
"I do not recommend this type of birth control unless you want to have 4 week periods and counting. Everybodys body is different but the side effects suck.I had mine inserted November 2015 three days after giving birth. I bled for 8 weeks after delivery then it stopped for the 26 days and now I&#039;ve been bleeding since January 26th and it is February 18th now with no signs of it stopping soon it is very heavy and I made an appointment for the 22nd and I&#039;m getting it removed. They are right about not getting pregnant on it because your bleeding damn near the whole time and your sex drive is out of whack along with mood swings from not getting any lol"
"I was diagnosed with Diabetes in February 2010 after I passed out in my office and my blood sugar taken at the time was 580. My doctor initially out me on Metformin but it was not controlling my blood sugar. He switched me to Janumet and now my reading are consistently in the 90&#039;s and I have suffered no side effects. I started working out and eating nutritiously right after being diagnosed and I have dropped 100 lbs."
"Jolessa is my favorite birth control so far.  I have tried many, including Yasmin, Depo-Provera, the patch, NuvaRing, and Beyaz.  None of these helped my acne and a few had horrible breakthrough bleeding. However, since I&#039;ve been on Jolessa, I haven&#039;t experienced any negative side effects, and surprisingly my breakouts are few and far between.  When I do breakout, it&#039;s usually one pimple at a time, and heals much faster than before.  No weight gain or increased appetite and my sex drive is thriving.  No breakthrough bleeding what-so-ever.  Love it."
"This medication gave me severe anxiety and disassociation-like feelings. I felt as if I was being dragged from reality. It was used as an antipsychotic for my bipolar disorder. I highly recommend you try Abilify instead if you have similar symptoms like I did."
"I&#039;m having the worst gastrointestinal problems and I&#039;m only on day 3/7. I have extremely constipated, I have gas and bloating and I have nausea right after I take the pill."
"Had migraines since I was 13. Thirty years later and they are worse. Have tried Maxalt, Treximet, butalbital, Excedrin migraine, and Zomig, to name the ones I remember. Tried a sample of Sumavel DosePro this month. It is the only medication that stopped the pain 100%. Took 10 minutes to stop a bad migraine (8 on a 10 scale) and another 10 minutes to be back to functional. Was a bit disoriented and dizzy for that first 20 minutes. Relpax is my typical drug of choice nowadays but it doesn&#039;t stop the bad ones. It only stops the ones that I catch right away. But this Sumavel is my new knight in shining armor. I don&#039;t know how expensive it is yet but I&#039;m headed back to the doctor this week to find out."
"Where to begin...I have had cold sores for life. All year round, at least a few each month. Parents told me I have suffered from them when I was only 10 days old. They took me multiple times to emerge due the overwhelming appearance that you can imagine on an infant face. Growing up it never got easier. I had multiple blistering cold sores all around my mouth and also all around my nose even in my nose. There are many things that would trigger it such as stress, fever, dehydration. My skin was very sensitive to the point that when the dentist used to stretch my mouth to clean it I would get it. I have tried everything possible and only Valtrex worked for me. Now when I get it, it&#039;s once in a blue moon (when I&#039;m dehydrated)."
"I was not diagnosed with RA for 6 years due to being overweight. So, after all the agonizing daily pain I went thru, I finally found a doctor that listened. Actually, I found a nurse practitioner that listened! So on went a 2 year stent of trying methotrexate/steroid combo of what came with no results. I was given Enbrel and a next option. It changed my life!!! By the next day I had 50% pain relief. I have been taking it for a couple of years now and I would say I&#039;m about 80% pain free. I don&#039;t have joint swelling at all. But the main affected joints hurt when pushed past their limits. I was taken off enbrel for a short time due to insurance and put on Simponi. Within 1 week all the pain and joint swelling returned. I have no s/e also!"
"I was at the end of my rope I had come to the point where I hated getting high. The only reason I used was to take away the physical pain. So yes I agree Suboxone IS a miracle medicine. "
"Excellent mood stabilizer, it takes a while to kick in but it&#039;s worth it."
"I started taking Gianvi about a month ago and have nothing good to say about it. I read the reviews and thought I would be fine but I have never cried so much in my life. Things that never bother me break me down to tears and its starting to make me crazy since I was never an emotional person. It&#039;s putting stress on me and my boyfriends relationship because we fight on a daily basis now when before nothing was an issue to slight arguments. I feel depressed and it takes everything out of me to get out of bed in the morning. I&#039;m never happy but haven&#039;t gained weight and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant but that&#039;s the only positive thing. "
"My worst nightmare started with uncontrollable sneezing in the evening which later developed into severe throat pain and musculoskeletal pain with temperatures shooting up to 103.  The physician (whom I consulted in the absence of my family physician) prescribed cefixime and Azithromycin (200 500) combination twice a day, but the progress was very slow with the temp remaining high at 103.  Fortunately, my physician returned and I consulted again and was prescribed Augmentin 625 twice a day for 3 days.  Within a day, I found excellent improvement and the second day the strep pharyngitis completely subsided."
"I&#039;ve been on Byetta for a month now and have lost 15 lbs.  This is great.  My sugars have gone down as well.  My only problem right now is getting used to the nausea."
"The only reason I gave Pentasa a &quot;9&quot; rating instead of a &quot;10&quot; is due to my having to remember to take 8 capsules a day.  This medication has allowed me to live a normal life again...no more excruciating gut pain &amp; no more daily  diarrhea.  I can actually eat at restaurants now, without worrying when the pain &amp; diarrhea will hit me.  I have had no side effects from Pentasa.  It has given my life back to me."
"I decided to get the Mirena after my son was born because the pill they gave me really messed me up. Also the thought of not having to worry about getting pregnant again was awesome. Having it put in was a little painful but overall pretty fast. It makes you have a very dizzy feeling right after but I drank some water and was fine. I have not had many cramps but I have been bleeding off and on for the past 6 weeks. It&#039;s not very heavy but would be nice if it stopped. I thought I have been having some mood swings but I have a 7 month old so its hard to tell whats stressing me out. No weight gain, I go to the gym and i have been losing all my baby weight. So I would say for me its worth it so far."
"Took Yasmin for 6 months now and had some nausea in the beginning but I think my body is getting used to the pill. Overall, my mood has gotten better, I used to experience mood swings. 
I&#039;m switching to Microgynon 30 and see how it works for me now."
"Worked great from day one. Unfortunately, does not come in a generic form so can be very expensive. My doctor recently switched me to Methylin ER since it comes in a generic form and is much more affordable.  Sometimes I can&#039;t even tell I have taken the Methylin ER, the performance is so sub-standard to the Ritalin LA.  I am starting to think a normal life might just be worth the extra $60 a month my insurance doesn&#039;t cover on the Ritalin LA."
"I was taking this pill for a month and I started getting very moody, tired and then I started getting very depressed. I was depress to the point that I used to start crying suddenly without no reason. I am usually a very happy and positive person. "
"Started 7.5 mg of Mirtazapine on June 3rd for anxiety and depression.  My episode started in the begging of May and I was having good days and bad days.  After starting the mirtazapine, I still feel general sadness and not myself.  I had moments of clarity but just wasn&#039;t feeling enough affect.  After three weeks, I upped my dose to 15 mg.  I immediately felt better and like my old self.  I was so excited but that only last for a week.  The last two days the depression/sadness has crept back in along with the worrying.  I called the doc to see about upping my dosage to 30mg.  She wants me to give it another week and then go back and talk about upping the dosage or trying a different med.  I can&#039;t do SSRI&#039;s.  they sent me off the deep edge."
"I have been smoke free for 20 months and I believe I am safely past relapse.  I smoked at least one pack a day for 25 years.  After using every smoking cessation product known off and on for ten years I finally gave Chantix a try.  I smoked my last cigarette on day 8 on April 26, 2011 and took it for 3 months.  I took my first pill of the day when I woke and second pill 8 hours later and had no bad dreams.  I am lucky, the worst side effect was gas that could clear a large room, small price to pay.  My insurance covered it 100%.  I am so ecstatic that I am smoke free and know that I am a non smoker for the rest of my life."
"I got the Nexplanon October 2014 and I could say that for the most part it works. I get my periods about every 2-3 months but the cramps are horribly painful. What I do not like is that I have gained 60-70 lbs since I&#039;ve gotten it. I&#039;m considering taking it out or just keeping it until the 3 years are up. I really don&#039;t like how much weight I&#039;ve gained from it."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon since August 2007.  No pain when inserted.  I&#039;ve been having my periods twice a month for 7 days each time since I got it.  I&#039;ve gained 25 pounds and have hair loss.  I get headaches, and back aches around time for my monthly cycle. LIBIDO is gone, no desire to have sex.  Needless to say I am now single.  It&#039;s time for it to come out, but I&#039;m thinking about getting it again because the reviews I&#039;ve read for other birth controls have me scared!"
"This works better than anything I&#039;ve tried. I was doing well with Strattera for 4 years then it stopped working. I did well on Wellbutrin many years, it stopped working, etc. With Fetzima I get up easily in the morning because I lay in bed for at least 15 minutes, I pet and play with my cat, have quiet time saying things I&#039;m grateful for and sometimes I get guidance for information for my day. I don&#039;t overeat anymore, I get full fast, can only eat 1/2 as much as I used to because I get bloated which helps. My headaches went away after 2 months and my sweating is almost gone away now after 3 months. I feel good and motivated to do things. I&#039;m not hyper like with Wellbutrin."
"I had my first 3 injections 5 years ago and helped me for 5 years of pain free knees. Now 5 years later I have had my first injection yesterday and the next 2 in the next 2 weeks. Hope this one will also do the job for the next 5 years. Had no side effects whatsoever. I had a great doctor who did my hip replacement and also did the Synvisc injections. The key is to get a good doctor to do the injections. I highly recommend this injection."
"I have taken this pill for 4 years now, and I have loved it. My PMS has decreased significantly and my period cramps suppressed. Before the pill, those were the symptoms that affected me greatly. While on this pill my breasts are tender right before my period comes, which lasts about 3-4 days and it didn&#039;t do much to my weight. I gained a little weight, (which i wanted) but i believe that just came with age. (I&#039;m 23 now). Oh and lastly, my acne cleared up! I suffered from acne since middle school, and it looks as if i never had a bump on my face. Lol. Well, I give this pill an A+ rating, and I&#039;m sure you will too, &amp; love it as much as I do."
"This medicine has been a lifesaver for me. After 10 years of anxiety and 2 years of being practically invalid due to generalized anxiety disorder and panic attacks with depression, I&#039;m finally having a medicine that works. 

Neuroleptics like ketiamine just made me gain weight, Cipralex was a little help, but not really adding quality of life. After 5 days on Buspar I&#039;m clearly better. Sleeping is in place, I&#039;m feeling more functional and positive and my ability to go out and even exercise has come back. I have now been on this medicine over three months and every day my life gets a little bit better."
"Very effective on infection but stomach severe pains in the upper stomach had to stop taken it severe dirahea non stop to the toliet may need to see dr now and i stopped taken it an stomach still hurts"
"I have been taking birth control on and off for 10 years. For the last 5 years, I was on Yaz (which worked wonders for me, I loved Yaz), but came off of them. After a year of taking no pill, I decided to give Lo Esterin Fe a chance, and my body has never acted so poorly to a birth control pill. I have never experienced any of the symptoms I am about to describe on any other birth control pill. You have to take the pill on Sunday, 4 days after starting the pill, I woke up 4 consecutive nights with piercing pains in my stomach, and a severe migraine. On the third day of pain, I started bleeding heavy, and 4 days later I am still bleeding, am in tremendous pain, and decided to discontinue Loesterin Fe. I literally stopped this pill 9 days into it."
"If you&#039;re not having severe cramps, it takes most of the edge off. Severe, go with a prescribed medicine made for this."
"For over 5 years Provigil worked very well. It would appear I have developed a tolerance as within the past 6 months I have had an extreme decrease in efficacy. "
"Very effective but the side effect are bad if I don&#039;t take it correctly. I think there are ways you can reduce the effects( getting correct dosage of course)
Before you consider going up a dose its worth considering. When you take them? I began taking  mine at night, but have since taking  through the day avoids headache, vision blurred, tremours. I take more last dose, breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner. 
Do you take them food?I take them with food, I defiantly feel side effect, every time if I don&#039;t eat properly and skiip a meal
Are you on any hormone treatment hrt/pill? I have found that there is a, as I call it, lower absorption rate as I&#039;m on hrt and my consultant phy agrees, so I am taking a high does.What dosage?
Even 25mg makes a difference."
"Venlafaxine can give you a false positive on a drug test. I&#039;m in the military going on 17 years and I failed a drug test because of this medication. The military made me aware of my positive drug test and I gave them a list of all my medications. They were able to reevaluate my positive drug test and break it down further which showed it was in fact venlafaxine and not ampthetimines, like cocaine or meth. As for your job, I&#039;d take them documentation and show them were venlafaxine can give a false positive and demand a review or ask to do another drug screening and have them do a full panel work up. Good luck. Hate that happened to you. Don&#039;t stop fighting till you get your job back.  That&#039;s discrimination if nothing else!"
"I suffer from chronic migraines and every dr wants to give toradol shots to stop them.  Toradol is not FDA approved as a treatment for migraines.  It does not work."
"Well, I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s disease at age 29... but the doctors thought I had it before then but I was pregnant and it laid dormant for about a year. My intestines burst one year ago and I had to have bowel resection...20 inches and my appendix. After all that, they put me on steroids and pentasa two 500mg, 3 times a day. At first I did ok with it but I&#039;m horrible at taking medicine so I started decreasing the amount that I took. Doctor is not thrilled of course but now that I haven&#039;t taken it for a while, I feel no different than when I&#039;m on it. I have diarrhea anytime I eat and occasional gas with pain but that&#039;s it... I&#039;m lucky I know and still not sure if I&#039;m making the right choice but meds are $70/mo"
"It&#039;s literally saved my sanity!!! Haven&#039;t had a hot flush since I commenced Efexor, and I was getting at least 12 to 16 daily."
"Used the patch for my first cruise as I normally suffer from motion Sickness..I only got dry mouth and blurred vision but most people think this is from the patch when in fact its from your fingers after you have touched it or placed it you must always wash your hands as people do tend to scratch or touch eyes and the medication is transferred that was far more than a side effect via the application. I would never go on a cruise without it..Works a treat and can easily last for 4 days. I would highly recommend it."
"I have had the Implanon for almost 2 yrs now and I wish I would have never had to switch from the patch. When I was on the patch I had NO problems, no weight gain, VERY regular periods, no acne. I had to switch to Implanon because I can&#039;t use a birth control with estrogen. Since starting Implanon my periods are very irregular. In fact, I bled for the first year and a half with maybe 2 wks of a break TOTAL. The only good thing I can say about it is, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. My skin also changed, I have never had a problem with acne and now my forehead is oily and constantly breaks out, as does my back.  I have also gained a total of 10lbs which I can&#039;t say it totally caused by Implanon. I plan on taking my Implanon out soon and finding another method."
"MAJOR CHOKING HAZARD! 
I&#039;ve been taking the pill version, instead of the liquid, for a few months. I literally almost died twice from choking on this pill. What they don&#039;t tell you is that as soon as you put the pill in your mouth, and it hits moisture, it swells. Put it in water and watch. Because there&#039;s no coating, it&#039;s hard to get down. This leads to choking until it starts to dissolve. DO NOT take this while you&#039;re alone! Other than that, it works well, lol. 
Dissolve it in a cup of warm water then chug it. I wouldn&#039;t split it in half because it&#039;s more likely to get stuck because of the sharp corners."
"I am a 42 year old mother of three and I have been having issues with eczema for the last 4 years. It covered  75% of my body. Just like one of the posts on here, I tried EVERYTHING!!! I took all the medications, creams, light treatment, I was willing to try any and everything. I went to several doctors and they just could not offer me any help, until my last doctor. She did all the usual testing first, then she suggested the dupixent. She said that it was new and I was like, sign me up. I have been on it since June and I cannot be happier. My skin has cleared up 85% and it&#039;s getting better by the day. I am more than satisfied with the outcome and I highly recommend it! Give it a &quot;shot&quot;!"
"I was prescribed 250 mg, but to take three times a day (every 8 hours).  I don&#039;t think that&#039;s really too high.  Perhaps it&#039;s because I was on such high doses of other things in my past--who knows.  So, to me, my body is used to truly high doses of such medicines.  Either way, 250mg of Depakote DR is the lowest you can be given, and that will only carry you through part of the day.  This is why the doctor has to make you take it three times a day.

I haven&#039;t had practically any side effects, except for a little &quot;wet noodly&quot; feeling, but none of the side effects (yet) that are listed.  Guess it&#039;s different for everyone."
"I&#039;ve had the Paragard in for a month. I read the reviews and was royally freaked out about insertion. In real life, the procedure was quick, mildly uncomfortable, and as soon as the IUD was in, I got a dull, period-like cramp that stuck around til that night. That&#039;s it! The next week: light spotting. I was also freaked out about my period being horrific, BUT I&#039;ve always had heavy/painful periods, and I suspect most of the reviewers complaining about this side effect had easy-peasy periods pre-Paragard. On the IUD, mine lasted a few extra (light flow) days, and only on 1 of them did I need painkillers for cramps -- normal for me! The IUD affects every body differently; so far I&#039;m really happy with it as an effective, non-hormonal method."
"I had my gallbladder out 3 years ago and have been all messed up since then. I hadn&#039;t went in 3 days so I got the dulcolax for sensitive stomachs and took 2 at about 7pm. At about 10pm I was in so much pain I couldn&#039;t stand it! I was doubled over for 2 hours and did not have an easy BM. I tried to lay down to sleep at about 12 but was so dizzy and still feeling cramps that there was no way I could sleep. Sensitive stomach my ass! I will never take this again. It is not worth the pain."
"This medication did help improve my mood slightly, but had interactions with other prescription medications I was taking at the same time.  It is very important to inform your doctor about what medicines you are taking and it is also VERY IMPORTANT TO ASK if there are any contraindications with these medications.  This should not be a problem if you have a good relationship with your doctor."
"I suffer from bad anxiety and panic attacks pretty much 90% of my day. I suffer from the fear of throwing up which makes me nauseous all the time, and Ativan really helps relax me and helps with my nausea. I take 1 mg 2 times a day and helps me take the edge of feeling sick and worried."
"At age 79 and put on Eliquis 5 days ago--I have had such bad dizziness and nausea--and because of Meniere&#039;s also, the ears ringing has been awful and added to all this.
I have chronic a-fib and have two cardio-versions. I was previously on 2 baby aspirin daily. Couldn&#039;t tolerate either of the other newer meds either. 
Everything seems to increase my dizziness due to Meniere&#039;s and adds to nausea and even confusion and etc. So--I just told my doctor--no more of this drug. I want to stay with the 2 baby aspirin daily. No history of stroke in my family--nor have I had any. I just don&#039;t do meds well &#039;at all&#039;."
"I have been on Myrbetriq since 2/29/15, I take the 25mg as I am only 4;11 and 90 pounds. I was taking toviaz before that, and trospium chloride before that. Myrbetriq is a miracle drug for me I was going 40x a day...I now go about 10 on a good day and 18 on a so so day if I grab a cofffee. I have tried things like bladder trainning, that didn&#039;t work for me. I was dx with oab in october I am a 32 year old female. I try also to stay away from bladder irritants. Sometimes I want to see what the 50mg do but I think for my weight that maybe too much. I noticed a diffrence at about week three. It also got me through a colonoscopy too I was so scared to drink all that water."
"I can no longer get Cafergot since they stopped making it.  Migergot is just as good, but is so expensive in the U.S.  I need it very much and I take it with Phenegran so it does not make me sick.  Half in the morning and half in the evening.  This prevents most of my migraines with the exception of wind migraines which nothing can help for those kind.  I hope that Cafergot will be made again or Migergot was cheaper."
"Works pretty well"
"I was considering changing over to the implant because the insertion process sounds easier but after reading THOSE reviews...I think I&#039;ll stick to my Mirena.

All in all I love my Mirena. It will be 4 years this month since I&#039;ve had it. I haven&#039;t had a period in over 3 years. Occasional spotting. Rare cramps. I haven&#039;t noticed any mood changes or acne or anything else people are reporting. My bf has never noticed when we have sex and there is no discomfort for me before or after. The ONLY thing I would say was not very pleasant about the Mirena is the insertion.  Probably the most painful thing I&#039;ve ever experienced thus far (32 yrs old, never been pregnant/given birth). Lasts a sec tho. All in all, highly recommend :)"
"Took it the right way and didn&#039;t have any children"
"I had ablation surgery three weeks ago and have been on Pradaxa 150mg twice a day ever since.  During the first week, I had a constant sour stomach and my surgeon suggested Prilosec. It takes a few days before Prilosec kicks in so I took Mylanta until it did.  My second and third weeks were much easier but now that I&#039;m starting my fourth week, the constant sour stomach is back.  I still take Mylanta between meals but it only helps a little.  I take Pradaxa during meals with a full glass of water.  I have to stay on this medicine five more weeks.  Any suggestions would be appreciated."
"It has really helped my condition. I used to have sudden jerks and involuntary leg movements until my Doctor prescribed them to me."
"46 YO Male 195lbs with 10 weeks Use: Suffered from anxiety and surely some depression due to prolonged anxiety. Started with 10mg at bedtime. No show-stopping side effects. My side effects were: anorgasmia, tinnitus, constipation, yawning, muscle tension in my neck, lower spine and stomach area, weak erection (initially), some lethargy and having to urinate in the night. At 10mg, anorgasmia was overcome after 14 days and at 20mg dose it took ANOTHER 35 days. I feel happier, more patient, less obsessive, and with reduced anxiety. Side effects now are: mild tinnitus, mild muscle tension in stomach and nightly bathroom run. My advice: Be VERY patient and get your brain chemicals stabilized before you worry about the sex. Your body will adapt again. I&#039;ll use it for life. Good luck!"
"My Dr gave me a sample pack to try, she asked me to start with 5mg and work my way up to 20, I&#039;m up to 10mg but have terrible gas and diarrhea, thinking about going back down to 5mg since I did feel better, unfortunately no one ever feels good when you have gas and explosive diarrhea.  Also my sex drive is back to normal which was a great surprise. I&#039;m going to stay on it a little bit longer and just stay on the 5 mg hopefully the bad side effects will go away if not I will have to stop taking it."
"I was prescribed 3 400mg tablets a day orally for a week. I am now on my 7th day and the only symptoms I experienced was tiredness on one day but that may of been from the medication. For women who are worried about the nausea and vomiting, I think the reason I did not experience that was because I never missed a dose where I didn&#039;t eat with a substantial amount of food close to a meal. Make sure you eat when you take it and not just a snack! Also try and regulate the times you take them everyday , try and make it around the same time. The smell went about day 3! Hope you all get treated and your issue resolves!"
"Hydrocodone has bee very helpful for me in many ways. It helps my irritable bowel syndrome, migraines and all of life&#039;s other little pains. Very good medication. Not so strong that you don&#039;t know your name, yet very effective as a narcotic analgesic."
"A little known and rare side effect of this drug is a condition that would probably be called idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). This describes a serious depletion of platelets in the blood. The blood will not clot properly and an injury can be life threatening due to uncontrolled bleeding. It&#039;s rare but if it happens and the cause is not figured out by your physician(s) this is a big problem."
"Changed to Effexor XR 75mg about 2 months ago from Celexa 20mg.  Having some dizziness and tiredness, maybe not feeling quite myself, so experimentation with the dosage is probably in order.  Otherwise no problems.  Serious diarrhea side effect from Celexa stopped immediately upon changing treatment.  But I am disturbed by some of the comments on this site about withdrawal from this medication. I have had no problem drinking in moderation while on this drug."
"Received a one time shot (somewhat painful), and was feeling better inside of an hour."
"I&#039;ve only been on Metformin for about a month and a half, I&#039;ve lost about 12lbs, which is pretty cool, because I&#039;ve never had any success with calorie counting or different diets. I do have stomach cramps,  occasional diarrhea,  and dizziness but nothing too bad. Im only on 500mg twice daily. I&#039;m actually really amazed with this medication,  it makes me feel fine, I have my energy back, not constantly craving sweets and caffeine,  overall I have to give it a ten."
"Before I begin..... I will add the fact that this would be the second time I tried Plan B! The initial time.... 7 years ago, my current boyfriend and I had unprotected sex and he came inside of me. I took the Plan B literally 20 minutes afterwards. I ended up pregnant. The worst experience ever! This time, the guy and I were not dating and it was completely unexpected. May I remind you that now, I am gay and have not dated or had sexual encounters with a guy since my x 7 years ago. So this was a horror for me. We went out on July 17, in which the main event occured. Condom broke. I saw residue all over my inner-thigh and freaked out. It took me 30 min to get to nearest Walgreens. I took pill 5 mins after getting it. I am not preggers!!!"
"I have been taking singulair on and off for years.  In the last two years I have had 4 severe asthma attacks and the singulair has not helped.  It may have helped my allergic rhinitis.  But it does not help my asthma.  I will probably stop it."
"If i could rate this a 0 i would. Worse thing ever! I have been spotting for a month and no sign of it going away. I have crazy and horrible mood swings, i feel depressed most of the time (I&#039;ve never suffered from depression) i feel tired and sick all the time,constant headaches and weight loss. I will never again get this shot it is THE WORST and should be banned. Its killing me and ruining my life. I can&#039;t wait for the 3  month effect to be over so i can go back to normal again"
"I have been taking this for 2 years now and have found it helpful in a few ways it has stopped my panic attacks for the most part, get a few here and there. My over thinking has stopped all together. The only thing I don&#039;t like about this medicine is that I have to be asleep in 30 mins after taking it or I will be up all night, for some reason it causes my brain to become very active after 30 mins. When I do go to sleep I have very vivid dreams seems almost realistic."
"I have had the implant for roughly a year now and I CANNOT wait to remove it finally. I haven&#039;t got pregnant and had no actual period. However- I have not been happy or motivated since the insertion. I am constantly depressed, not in a typical way I mean I do not value myself at all anymore. I have gained a ridiculous amount of weight (45lbs) since having the implant and have found it near enough impossible to try and lose it, regardless of which diet I am using or exercise. I have been so angry and moody towards everyone, including my partner. I have next to no sex drive at all which has put a little strain on my relationship as we have probably had sex 5 times in the last 7 months. I have had spots and bad odour since having the implant."
"I am 52, and had the Mirena put in to help with heavy bleeding. In the month that I had it I gained 5 lbs, had headaches every day, was nauseous and felt like I was 3 months pregnant, could not sit comfortably, I experienced irritability. When I went to the clinic to have the IUD removed my blood pressure was high and I have never had high blood pressure. I would not recommend the Mirena to anyone."
"Today is my first day on suboxone. I have to say this drug is a life saver. I was taking 20-25 tabs/percocets a day for 3 years. I have been wanting to get off them for a long time. After reading all the posts on here I finally got the guts to just go do it. So far I haven&#039;t had any side effects with it and I fell great. If you have a problem I promise this will help you get your life back. I was spending all my paychecks and doing whatever I needed to do to get them. Finally I am done chasing it and it feels great. You wont regret it. Good luck."
"This drug was terrible, I would take it at night and fall right to sleep and when I get up in the morning im completely exhausted and dizzy. My balance is off and feel like im in a daze. I was extremely irritable. The entire day I was depressed and in a very very bad mood. Everything bothered me. My anxiety was terrible. Tremors in my hands and just feeling kind of loopy. Nightmares when sleeping. This drug did nothing of any benefit for me. I was taking it to help with my social anxiety and panic attacks."
"Works great for my pain."
"First week 7lbs, a lot of energy and fall right to sleep at night and stay asleep. Only negative is I can only take one or I experience urinary tract infection like symptoms. I&#039;m excited to weigh in the morning, it will have been 14 days. I LOVE Belviq!"
"I am a 45 year old male who has has been diagnosed with GAD that has been bad for about three years. I have tried Paxil, Prozac, Effexor, and one or two other drugs that I could not tolerate. The side effects were worse than the anxiety I was trying to help. Seven weeks ago my P doc suggested trying Viibryd. I reluctantly started it. I am highly sensitive to medicines af any type, so my doc started me at 5 mg and moved me up to 10mg at 4 weeks. The first two weeks were great with marked improvement, and then my anxiety spiked up pretty bad. My doc encouraged me to continue and that this can be normal. I had a rough time until week 5 when things started to level off. I&#039;m now into week seven, and I feel great. Stick it out!"
"1st Botox shots 11/2015. Wasn&#039;t able to get another tx until 10 days ago. The 1st time it was great! Migraines down to about 2/mo. Loved it! This time the day after I woke w/back of neck very painful. Worse was pain in the back of head. Felt like hit w/a 2x4. Very bad headache too. It was horrible. I get pain med for other issues &amp; it did nothing. Head swolIen, tight glasses. Some pain in my L shoulder down arm. It asted 5 days, in bed w/heating pad. 7th day worst pain gone but need hand under chin or on back of head to control head movement due to weak neck. Don&#039;t wake w/neck pain, but it starts after moving a bit. If I&#039;m on my feet, dizzy. Weak jaws when eating or drinking. Head turns only 2&quot; to L or R side. Weak upper arms. Never again."
"Seroquel has helped to reduce my post traumatic stress disorder symptoms by 3/4&#039;s. I am mostly living a &quot;normal&quot; life again and the anxiety, fear and psychosis is nearly gone after one and a half years on it. It is working for me and I am on a low dose of 40mgs per night. "
"If you&#039;re bleeding for months straight you might want to go to a doctor because I&#039;ve had this for almost 3 years and I haven&#039;t had a period since my first month I got it."
"I have been on this pill for about a year now and I just cannot deal with it anymore! I used to be so happy but lately I&#039;m a different person, someone who is not nice. At first I thought just I hadn&#039;t gotten used to it yet but as more time has went on I am hateful, severely depressed, nauseated, very tired, and constantly just an unhappy person. It has effected my relationships with everyone and the next chance I get I&#039;m switching to something else. I&#039;m not saying it will do this to everyone but I know it has been awful for me. One thing it had done is what it was supposed to do, it kept me from getting pregnant."
"My first shot was in junior high I was on the cheer team and very athletic, a few weeks after the first shot I was always dizzy, bright lights made my eyes tear up for no reason, I had horrible headaches that I still have today, I was and still am always tired for no reason. I have auto immune problems ( lupus sle has been suggested ) I have horrible GI problems which I pay out of pocket for every 3 months to see my GI. I have bleeding ulcers that have been treated and tested but don&#039;t go away. I constantly have diarrhea, severe upset stomach, I have mild tremors that has been related to my head aches. My youngest son was born with stomach problems now ( hasn&#039;t been proven to be related to gardasil ) I&#039;m 24 with all these problems"
"I was prescribed this drug for panic disorder and was on it for 2 weeks. I have never felt wise in my entire life. I did bit eat or drink unless forced, spiraled into depression, and just was not the excited loving person I normally am. I world go home and state at the wall for 5 hours then crawl into bed and sleep. I had nightmares each night. I felt dead and like I was floating above my body. My friends and teachers became more worried than before. I had to get off that pill"
"Trileptal 600mg TID
Numerous others
Trileptal seems to be the topic at hand.
I was on Trileptal years ago and then went off my meds altogether for a few years. Upon restarting my psych meds my prescribers tried me on several meds all the while I kept mentioning that trileptal had helped me immensely in the past. Finally, out of frustration if I had to guess, I was put back on Trileptal. The climb back up the ladder to find my dose has been long and unpleasant, but I have found a place finally where my thoughts have slowed enough to think straight, and my manic highs have been brought down to a more manageable base level."
"This is my second time on Zoloft.  The first time it was recommended and prescribed by my physician for Hep C treatment.  I had CRAZY side effects but back then I could not distinguish which medicine was causing this. I could not eat, trembling, sweats, etc.  Two years later and Hep C cleared (ya-hoo) I found myself anxious and severely depressed.  I was prescribed Zoloft 50mg and I have been taking it for two days.  I have lost two pounds cannot eat, sleep and my head feels likes it going to explode with worry and pressure.  I called my doctor but of course he was not in, so I got a professional opinion from a friend who told me to stick it out that the symptoms would subside.  "
"I have suffered with sciatica for years. I have done physical therapy out the wazzoo. I have had injections. Nothing helped till Lyrica. It took a little trial and error to find exactly the right dose for me, but my pain is managable without narcotics for the first time in many years."
"Tenuate Dospan, was brilliant for weight loss.
"
"Always had negative side effects and weight gain with SSRI&#039;s. SSNRI&#039;s didn&#039;t realy do anything either.  I am not a depressive person by nature so was not really sure why my General practitioner prescribed those.  Saw a psychiatrist who was a lifesaver in recommending and prescribing Buspar for me. I am not worrying or irritable only after 3 days.  He has me on 1/2 a pill in the am and 1/2 at night and is still slowly increasing it up to an ideal dose of 30mg a day.  Thank you Buspar."
"I have just decided to stop taking Zyrtec. It worked well on my allergies. However I have had increase in back and joint pain i.e. knee and hip the past two weeks. Not sure it&#039;s Zyrtec but felt I&#039;d eliminate it to see if symptoms resolve."
"This medicine really works for me and has really improved my quality of life and perspective on things. I&#039;m 18 and I have been on this for a little over 6 months and I would say the only bad side effect is dry mouth, but if you just drink a lot of water you&#039;ll be fine. I like it because it has helped me stop &quot;binge&quot; eating, I don&#039;t have cravings for food or cigarettes anymore, I completely stopped smoking. I&#039;m never tired anymore, Wellbutrin definitely gives you energy in a good way. Sex drive is completely normal and I still have normal emotions unlike when I was on Celexa or Prozac where I felt so emotionless. I lost 20lbs but I am healthy and fit and a lot happier with myself."
"This tastes like someone dumped the entire salt bag into bad lemonade. If you can hold your breath while drinking, do it. If you can slog it down in 7-8 large gulps, do it. The sooner you get it down the better. The 16 ozs of water at the end really tastes good. As for effectiveness, don&#039;t stray far from the toilet. And try to wipe gently because by the time you get to the end result of the second liter you&#039;ll be tender."
"I have moderate RA with sacrum fractures due to my low back fusion and hardware.  I have cervical fusions as well with scar tissue and pain.  I was taken off my current medication for pain (been on for 6 years) and was put on the Butrans patch 20mcg/hour.  I became very ill, extreme migraines, stomach pain, fatigue to the point I could barely concentrate on anything.  I literally felt like I had the flu.  After a 2 week period on the patch it did very little to control my pain, and made it difficult to be active during the day.  I couldn&#039;t take this medication after the two week period.  I do not recommend this medication for people who have moderate to severe chronic pain."
"WORST BIRTH CONTROL EVER!!
I was taking this pill for a little over a year and yea, I gained about 10 lbs, and had breakouts, but the real issues were that it made me extremely irritable, emotional, as well as depressed, my sex drive became nonexistent, and I was having severe dryness, plus yeast infections. So I guess yes, it completely worked as an effective birth control, because I just didn&#039;t want to have sex, plus what boyfriend would want to have sex with their emotionally crazy girlfriend who is dry or having a yeast infection??
Honestly, I&#039;ve been off of it for 6 months, but I remember even after the first week off, my body was normalizing, and I felt radiant :)
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PILL!! You&#039;ve been warned."
"Update: 4 weeks and 6 kg down (28kg to go), just started full dose with no side affects, no lingering affects. Hunger back slightly but still cannot eat large portions, feel full all the time, sugar cravings continue to be significantly reduced. Interesting bonus is not feeling like drinking alcohol-one/two glass of wine is enough for me now, if at all. Just got my first script filled @ $387 AUS for one month at the pharmacy, ouch. My private health insurance (Medibank Private) covers some - will provide update of how much next post after I submit the claim. Tip: you still need to eat well (reduced calories) and more often, and if you feel full STOP eating!! Listen to your body..."
"Been on this birth control since I was 17. I&#039;m 23 now. Never had any bad side effects. The reason I began taking it is I used to have unbearable cramps every month that would keep me in bed. If I started my period at school or work, I had to go home because it was so intense. I was recommended to try birth control pills because of it. I also have not gotten pregnant with my long term relationship boyfriend. Works great for me!"
"Over the last 15 years ive had depression in bouts and accompanied by OCD &amp; anxiety, heightened after the birth of my daughter in 2013. I was convinced she would die, suffered panic attacks, sickness and the lowest low I&#039;ve ever experienced. I wanted to die, convinced that she would be better off without me. Every day was hell. My friends &amp; husband forced me to go to the doctor, who listened to me, diagnosed and prescribed. I&#039;m just finishing month 5 and can honestly say that combined with intensive therapy to help me address what caused the issues I&#039;M HAPPY!!!!!! Its not been easy but stick on it. Yes the nausea at the beginning wasn&#039;t great but it lasted a few weeks. I&#039;m sleeping again, have lost weight and am learning to love me."
"I have gone up and down on my dosage with my Xanax. When it&#039;s just my anxiety I do well on 3.5 mg a day. When I have my panic attacks with agoraphobia I would love to go higher but my psychiatrist will only let me go as high as 4 mg. It really does help. I have gone down to 2 mg when I am doing better. I have Bipolar 1 disorder, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Social anxiety, general anxiety, panic attacks with agoraphobia, Obsessive Complusive Disorder, anorexia, binge eating, depression. SO I am on several medications. Xanax has been a huge help in my disorders. It has helped several of them. "
"It&#039;s been 5 years since Chantix killed my multiple decade, hard core, 2.5 pack a day, tobacco smoking addiction. Given the very vocal community against the medicine. I think it&#039;s important that those of us who&#039;s lives have been saved by it speak up also. Chantix gave me some weird but not unpleasant dreams and made me moody. However, cold turkey withdrawal, makes those side effects seem laughable as cold turkey attempts would make me close to completely irrational.  Chantix is a miracle, don&#039;t miss out on it.

As a final note, I do have to say, while Chantix does the heavy lifting, you still have to be committed to quitting. TO THIS DAY, when I see someone smoke, I still have pangs of longing, however I also have a healthy terror of smoking."
"I was prescribed Tramadol in the early treatment of my autoimmune disease when my pain was so intense I was bed ridden. It was a complete joke. It did nothing! Taking 4 Advil gave me more relief than Tramadol (took my pain down from a 10+ to an 8). Luckily, I was switched to a schedule II med and now I am a fully functioning person. I think the drug company needs to do additional HUMAN research on this drug and NOT on mice/animals. In reading the reviews, I see that it does work for some people but for others it&#039;s basically a tic tac with the side effects of addiction."
"Starting taking Invokana 100mg along with my 1000mg Metformin on 4-2-16. By 4-12-16 I had the worst yeast infection I&#039;d ever had.  Did the treatment for 3 days, didn&#039;t ever really feel regular. Now today I have another yeast infection.  In everyone&#039;s experience, does this side effect go away after a certain amount of time on the medication, or keep coming back all the time?  My doctor&#039;s promises of this assisting with weight loss and severe edema in my ankles and feet have not come to fruition either.  I am only willing to continue to suffer if I know that this ends after a month or so on the meds."
"I have an autoimmune condition AntiSynthtase Syndrome, ILD and Dermatomyositis .I have been on Tacrolimus for approximately 2 months. I was on it previously as an interim drug before I received Rituximab and before that I had nine rounds of CYclophosphamide. I have also tried Mycofenelate whilst I was have Rituximab."
"I have been on 1800 mg of lithium, 400 mg of lamictal for 10 years now.  I was diagnosed bipolar 1 with anxiety more than 20 years ago.  Recently, I felt I was starting to go all over the place and I knew it was time to talk with my shrink.  He put me on  120 mg at night with .5 xanax while continuing my other 2 meds.  The first night I literally went dizzy numb my speech was severely slurred and I drooled as I tried watching TV with my children.  Next morning I was unable to drive them to school since I was still unable to clear my vision.  Night 2 I would take and called doc., he said that I needed to give it at least a 30 day cycle but leave out xanax.  I decided to self medicate and changed my dose to 60 mg daily, I bit manic but nice."
"I started taking phentermine about 5 weeks ago or 6 weeks to be exact I started at 176 and now thank god I&#039;m 152 I have a couple more To go but this really suppresses the appetite."
"Been on it for 3 months, 20 pound weight gain - always hungry and never full.  No periods, but not worth the weight gain and uncontrollable appetite...  Was managing weight very well prior to implant..."
"I used Wellbutrin XL for two years, and in conjunction with sensible eating and a walking regimen, lost 75 pounds.  I believe the Wellbutrin gave me the motivation to stick with the eating and exercise plan.  It may have also provided a pharmacological effect. I&#039;ve since stopped using Wellbutrin due to it not being specifically recognized as a weight loss product, but rather as an antidepressant.  Choosing this product in assisting my weight loss categorized me as being depressed, and adversely affected my ability to obtain favorable life insurance premium rates. After using Wellbutrin, I was given Bupropion XL due to managed care requirements to switch to generic prescription.  I stopped taking Bupropion because it proved ineffective for me."
"I have found I have an increased urge to eat sweet foods. I have tried to control this by eating fruit. However, this does not stop the craving for sweets. Also I have noticed an increased thirst and less urination. Further I have been able to stop using morphine patches and taking Mersyndol Forte since starting Lyrica. The lessening of pain has enabled me to sleep better"
"I just finished my colonoscopy yesterday.  The prep was not bad.  I gave Suprep a 10 because it does what it should do with no unexpected side effects.   I would recommend the following.  1.  Take the prep using a straw.  This allows the prep to miss the taste buds at the front of your mouth.  2.  Take the prep standing up.  Standing takes some pressure off your abdomen which helps reduce the bloating feeling.  3.  I had to take the prep in 4 smaller doses, between each one I sucked on lemon flavored ice chips that I made.  The cold helps dull the sense of taste,  and lemon and water cleanse the pallet.  4.  Walk around while taking the prep.  It helps move the prep through."
"The first day I took 25mg and randomly about 3 hours later I was just smiling uncontrollably along with a calm feeling in my head. The next few weeks were hell with the side effects but it was worth the wait. Two months later and I really understand how this drug works on me. It sort of keeps my mood at a &quot;flatline&quot; level where the peak of my sadness is lower but my happiness seemed to have less of a &quot;peak&quot; as well. My libido was absolutely DESTROYED. I seem to have an apathetic sense about life now. Everything seems bland. My appetite was killed as well and I keep losing weight and I am underweight as it is. I am going back from 50 mg to 25 mg. overall I am happier on Zoloft but there are horrible side effects too."
"I was having a blast with a manic episode, then the deepest depressive episode set in, and Seroquel is the only medicine that stopped it."
"Works well eliminating migraine within an hour.
Side effects are increased urination for 2 hours. Increased heartbeat for 2 hours."
"Soolantra has been an absolute nightmare.  I went to my dermatologist for general redness and the occasional pustule.  Now, 4 weeks later, my conditions is AT LEAST 300% worse than when I started.  My derm told me &quot;It often gets worse before it gets better.&quot;  but as I feared, it got worse only to get worse yet.  Pustules, papules and cysts have popped up AND STAYED, reinfecting and reinfecting and now I look like I have a serious disease.  

In addition, I actually had to PAY for this nightmare substance!!

Soolantra has made me agoraphobic.  It may work for some, but it has completely wrecked me entirely."
"I been on this pill for a little over 4 months now so far so good up until today I had the worst experience ever. I was having a bad mood or anxiety attack. I had company over and I felt so overwhelmed. I lost focused and wondered off into space. I couldn&#039;t focus properly. I also felt so tensed up and just wanted to scream. When my company left I felt short of breath and my whole body felt so achy. I almost called for medical help. I finally gathered myself together and called my friend who is a nurse. The first thing she asked is which birth control are you taking.? She knew exactly why I was going crazy. It makes me so moody but never this bad. "
"Hi. I am 49 years old. Two years ago I was promoted to a senior management position. The extra stress at work was all to much and this has contributed to my ability to maintain an adequate erection for sex. I spoke to my Doctor and he suggested &quot;Viagra 50 mg&quot; for my problem. It takes around 40 minutes to work and is worth the wait and the money! I find the effects of this medicine lasts for around 12 hours and is best taken without alcohol and on an empty stomach. The first three times I used Viagra, there were the side effects of a stuffy nose, some minor heartburn and diarrhoea the next day. By the fourth pill the side effects were all but gone! My wife is not aware that I take Viagra and she comments how good our sex has become. Thanks V"
"I had Skyla inserted April of 2014. It is now January 2016. The insertion made the blood drain from my face and I was light headed. I was at the very end of my period and had not taken any Advil. That was the worst part. I have not bought tampons for over a year. I haven&#039;t had a period in two months. (Kinda makes me nervous when it happens so I take a preg. Test) I sometimes get random cramps, but it will literally be a cramp and fades away. My fianc"
"I have had multiple compound fractures in addition to severe degenerative disk disease from a car accident which also resulted in a broken back (compression fracture) at my L1-L2 level. I have had a total of 4 reconstructive spinal surgeries, with the most recent being in 12/2010. I have rods/spacers in my cervical and lumbar spine areas. I  could not take Lortab long term as it affected my personality in a very negative way. I am currently on Norco and it works quite well for me. I stick to the dosing schedule and have not had problems."
"I am 25, been on birth control pills for 5 years and decided to try liletta because I was tired of taking pills. I absolutely love my IUD! I wish I had got one years ago! I&#039;ve had mine now about 3 weeks. Getting it inserted is not as bad as what everybody says it is. Yes it hurts, yes you cramp but it&#039;s nothing unbearable. I have been spotting since insertion, but it keeps getting lighter and lighter. I have actually lost a few pounds since getting it inserted. I would highly recommend."
"I&#039;ve had severe psoriasis since I was about 10 (18 now). It covered my entire torso, back, scalp, forehead, and arms. I literally tried EVERYTHING but found things worked for a very short period before it just all came back. Originally I was on enbrel but I really couldn&#039;t handle the pain of the injections, so I couldn&#039;t keep taking them regularly and so eventually they stopped working. Humira for me, although still painful, was much more bearable than enbrel. It took a couple of months to work but now my skin is completely clear and I&#039;ve never been happier. Of course, the down side is that if it continues to work I&#039;ll be having the injection for the rest of my life, but for me this is a small price to pay for the amazing results it&#039;s given"
"I started taking phentermine 37.5 today. I have read a lot of comments here, but I don&#039;t think I have read of anyone else taking topiramine with the phen. 
This is my first time on either drug and am pretty impressed so far. I have had little to no appetite today and have had to force myself to eat. I am diabetic, so I am no stranger to carrying a bottle of water. Any suggestions to help me get the most out of phen would be greatly appreciated."
"Lexapro has been extremely effective for me. I did not have clinical depression, just depression from cumulative stress. It took about two weeks to kick in, but after that life went slowly back to normal. I am myself again and I get to go off the meds soon."
"I experienced severe heart palpitations.  I also experienced a marked increase in anxiety, sleep problems and weight gain."
"This cleared my throat infection within 2 days and made me feel so much better pretty quickly as far as temperature and discomfort were concerned. However, I did vomit with it and felt nauseous for about an hour and a half after taking it. The diarrhoea is still with me on day 4."
"Lithium was great for my intrusive thoughts as of suicidal and homicidal, cleared them up within three days. Had to stop taking it due to the bad headaches and other side effects. Now trying Depakote so far so good. Overall I hope lithium works for others."
"I went on Nortrel 1/35 at the age of 21 to regulate my periods, make them more manageable, less painful every month and to clear up my skin. During the first week I was extremely sad to the point where I was crying every day for no reason. I remained on the pill for a year and even though the first week was the worst with mood swings I remained emotionally sensitive throughout the whole duration of taking the pill. It helped clear up my skin within a few months and also made my periods more manageable as well as predictable. After a year though I broke out with erythema multiform all over my body due to a sensitivity to progesterone (that&#039;s the current diagnosis). I am now in the process of considering another birth control to balance it out."
"Went through a bronchoscopy (lung scope) which took approx. 1 hr 10 min. They gave me a vile of the propofol through an IV. I previously had this done with an endo and both times I was impressed with the post-procedure effects. No nausea, aches etc. I remember everything up till the time I fell asleep, and there was no discomfort! Great stuff."
"55 years young weighed 245lbs at 6 foot. After seven months 56 pounds down and counting. Cholesterol, blood pressure and blood sugar all improved. Now I need to get the cobwebs off the bike and do some exercise. No more cravings for pizza, que or sweets. Beer consumption down and minor headache when I started Beliq. Highly recommend."
"This is the most amazing medicine! I am on day 7, 50mg. I am able to focus, I have energy, my appetite is in control, I am calm, no sexual side affects. I couldn&#039;t be happier. Also what I have noticed, my addictive tendencies are gone, like wanting wine almost every night to help me wind down, no longer need it. I take it in the morning when I wake up. I can&#039;t wait to be off the medicine someday were I can be my old self again, but this has been a good start to my help. I took Zoloft 100mg for 2 months and gained 10 pounds. Wellbutrin, made me actually overeat as well, and I was so hyper. I guess to each his own, and I have finally found mine."
"I was on the Pegasys for 48 weeks. I used the autoinjector and it was easy and painless. In fact after each injection I would look to make sure there was a spot of blood just to make sure I got it because I never felt it. It seems to have worked. I still have to do my 6 month check, but so far so good. Only negative effect was a small open wound that had turned into a very large wound that would not heal. I didn&#039;t know which of the 3 medicines from the therapy was to blame but the wound got larger almost overnight and would not heal. The wound care doctor seemed to think interferon was to blame and as soon as I was finished treatment he did a skin graft and got me on the way to healing that."
"My son used this medicine and told me that it didn&#039;t work.  He ended up I the ER the other night because it offered no relief.  Don&#039;t buy. Use the regular proair."
"I was on Wellbutrin, Prozac and Zoloft (trying each per my doctors orders, waiting about 6 weeks, repeat with next) for anxiety.  I stopped even trying &quot;instant&quot; anti-anxiety drugs (Xanax, Valium) years ago because they &quot;zombified&quot; me too much.

Cymbalta is AMAZING.  After about 2 weeks the side effects disappeared entirely.  I can concentrate better, I sleep VERY soundly, and no panic attacks!

For those having insomnia issues... some people here say take it at night.  I had exactly the OPPOSITE experience.  Taking Cymbalta at night/dinner time would make sleep nearly impossible/restless.  Taking it first thing in the morning I get a little tired in the afternoon, but nothing a latte won&#039;t fix.  I sleep like a BABY now;  which I haven&#039;t done ever."
"I am about to be on week 2 of contrave. I have cut out all caffeinated beverages and sticking to a low fat/low cal diet and I am down 6 pounds! The first day was complete torture due to the nausea, headache and vertigo but I am determined to not quit and be successful at this! I want to be able to feel as though I can do anything, go anywhere and not have my weight dictate my path in life. I am 5ft 9 and weighed 262 and again on day 7, I am at 257! Just waiting on my scale now! Good luck everyone and don&#039;t get discouraged!!"
"Honestly the best birth control i&#039;ve been on.  I had to switch from the pill to the shot due to medications I am on and I have had no problems with this birth control.  Of course I gained a couple pounds but thats just a given.  I gained maybe five pounds so nothing drastic.  Will continue to use!"
"I was sent home with samples of this medication.  I actually hesitated on taking it knowing that the maker would not help me with cost because of my insurance type.  So why try it if I was not going to be able to get it.  This medication is expensive, $1500.00 a month or so.  They should help everyone and not select groups.  I guess medication discrimination is ok.  In the end I never took it, no need to get my hope up for a better life.  Viberzi would rather have a negative review than help those in need.  Says a lot about a company."
"I have suffered with psoriasis for 15 years of my life and at it&#039;s worst point it covered 85% of my body. I&#039;ve always had good luck with medication like clobetasol and talconex but it always came back - seemingly, with a vengence at times.  It affected my self esteem, my confidence and absolutey affected me mentally. I went to my dermatologist after hearing about Humira and after going through all the testing and having it approved through my insurance, I gave myself my first two shots four days ago.  My skin is almost completely cleared and the difference is remarkable. I recommend this drug to anyone who suffers - give it a try, you may love it.  For the first time in 28 years, I feel like normal girl."
"I have had Skyla for 4 months now. The ONLY time I had difficulties with Skyla was when it was inserted. I had some cramping but nothing I wasn&#039;t use to. I wanted something that did shoot too many hormones into my body but saw the side effect from paraguard so that was why I choose Skyla. My partner says he doesn&#039;t even know I have it and I don&#039;t even notice. I still get my period once and month but that doesn&#039;t bother me. My body should have it&#039;s period once a month. Skyla is a great IUD."
"This medication worked great for me as far as keeping my BP in check while I recovered from heart failure.  I did have some mild coughing and dizziness if I got up too fast, but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle.  After being on this for 1 1/2 years I developed angioedema - swelling of lip and face.  Was immediately taken off the meds, told to take some Benadryl.  The symptoms went away and I was put on a different medication."
"Lyrica is my miracle drug!!! I&#039;m suffering from clinical depression with GAD since 8 years. I tried dozens of drugs (SSRIs, SNRIs, Trizyclides, Agomelatonin, Stablon, moclobemid, methylphenidat, Ketamine infusions, every aminoacid, every vitamin, daily sport, had more than 20 ECT treatments...).
My doc gave me Lyrica. I took 50mg in the evening and the next morning I was a new human. Felt like myself again, was able to participate in life. Thank you God! Thank you science!"
"On the 2nd day taking it, woke up in the morning my left ankle felt like I got arthritis. My left foot is swollen cant even stand on left foot. Today is the 3rd day and thinking to stop it if my left feet getting worse"
"Wellbutrin seemed to make me angry and I lost my sex drive. After taking it for 3 weeks I started to itch all over. Needless to say I don&#039;t take it anymore."
"Do not take Jolessa. I have always been 126 lbs, 6 months after taking jolessa my weight is 132 lbs. My period got worse after the 3 months of taking jolessa. it last 12 days and very heavy period. I do not recommend this birth control pills."
"Have been on this medication for 10  years.  Didn&#039;t realize that side effects crept up very slowly.  I have an entire list of side effects but the highest on my list are extreme fatigue, trouble breathing, gradual worsening depression and just a massive feeling of unwell.  Besides Benicar, I only take Zantac for GERD issues (which popped up after I began taking Benicar).  I used to be a healthy active man, now I am a sad sick mess.  If I only knew what this medication was doing to me way back then..."
"I started on this medicine in 2004. It has been a roller-coaster ride. The first, and most immediate thing was I stopped smoking, and discontinued drinking anything carbonated. I rapidly lost about 30lbs, my nails became so thin I could not hold paper. I started taking supplements as the weight loss, caused nutrition loss. Tingling in hands and feet still persist, especially when I am cold. Around 2007 I entered into a psychotic break, there are other contributing factors here, so my doctor took down the dose from 200mg to 75mg where I am still at today. I have regained some weight, but that is due to another medicine that I now take with this."
"I have been using Drysol for over fifteen years. This is a miracle product which will not only stop excessive sweating, but it also eliminates odor caused by perspiration. I must warn that this product does burn and you may experience extreme dryness in areas where it is applied, but the results are worth the burning and dryness. One application of Drysol is effective for a year or more of less sweating for me and my husband. It&#039;s amazing!"
"I&#039;m a little skeptical because I actually withdrew a little from MS-Contin (morphine) when I switched to Oxycontin. So far it is working but I hear Morphine is the more potent of the 2. MS-Contin stopped working after 3 or 4 months.So 5 days into this Oxycontin it seems to be helping. I&#039;m staying hopeful."
"I&#039;ve had insomnia for years until I found lunesta.  this drug is.truly lifesaving.  In the 6+ years I&#039;ve taken it, I probably only had a handful of sleepless nights. unfortunately, just this year, my insurance will no longer pay  for it.  I could get it approved and pay 90.00 a month  but I refuse to do so. I believe insurance should pay  for everything your doctor rxs for their patients.   I  was forced to try ambien.  OMG!!!  talk about a hangover with NONE of the fun."
"I have suffered from severe anxiety punctuated by depressive episodes all of my life. At 58 having been prescribed many medications, this is the best ever. Before this prescription I was feeling so anxious I thought I would break. I am now feeling what I think is &#039;normal&#039; for the first time ever, by which I mean I feel &#039;normal&#039; amounts of anxiety in &#039;normal&#039; degrees in appropriate situations- I feel I am in control of situations instead of them controlling me. I feel so much better, calm and relaxed, and it worked quickly. I wish I had tried it years ago."
"I&#039;m in the same situation, my insurance stop paying for Fentora. Their response is that Fentora is used only for cancer patients. If there is more people in this situation please write. RSD is a terrible illness in my opinion."
"WORST PAIN EVER! I took one pill at 530pm. At midnight I nearly fainted from the horrific abdominal pains and cramps I was having. I poured sweat and felt like I was going too die. I have delivered two of my children naturally and I can tolerate pain, this however was  torture. I didn&#039;t even have a BM until the next day at 3pm. The cramping and nausea lingered for two more days after taking. I will NEVER take this medication again nor  recommend that anyone else take it."
"but makes me feel dizzy."
"I was on the pill for years until I had a pregnancy scare and my doctor recommended I get an IUD instead. The part that hurt the worst was when she had to clamp the cervix to hold it in place while she inserted the IUD. The rest just felt like really bad menstrual cramps. I bled quite a bit and felt a little dizzy afterward. Stayed home from work that day, was quite crampy. Bleeding and mild off and on cramps lasted for about a week. It&#039;s been great since then though. I noticed some weight loss. No more mood swings anymore due to the lower dose of hormones. My periods are regular almost like clockwork. Some cramping but nothing terrible. And it&#039;s good for 5 years... highly recommend this."
"I&#039;ve had my Skyla for a week now, got it because I started experiencing migraines with aura. The insertion really does suck, no sugar coating it. I consider myself to have a pretty good pain tolerance and the pain isn&#039;t anything that would stop me from getting another one. Feels like an extremely deep, painful period cramp that kinda takes your breath away for a second. It&#039;s over very quickly though so don&#039;t let yourself get too hung up on that. I had to call in sick from severe period like cramping. Next day I woke up and felt totally fine. I&#039;ve only had very light spotting after exercise otherwise nothing. Occasional period like cramping, nothing that Advil can&#039;t help. So far i&#039;m really happy with my decision!"
"I have taken Levora for the past 2  years. During this time I have gained 30 lbs. Libido has decreased and I get lightheaded after sex (not sure if this is typical!) No pregnancy while on this pill. No substantial acne issues. I do like that my periods now occur regularly every month for a shorter amount of time (2-3 days rather than 5-6 days every 30-70 days). Period cramping is not nearly as bad as before taking the pill. Still, I am very unhappy about the weight gain. It may be a combination of this medication and other lifestyle changes I&#039;ve had during the past 2-3 years."
"I used to have daily headaches. My doctor prescribed metropol succinate 25 mg on 3-12-14. Aside from the migraine that accompanies my period (way milder than the ones previous), that was the last day my head hurt. This medication has improved my quality of life with little to no side effects."
"After having my 3rd child I had the Paragard inserted March 2017. I thought it was a great option because it was hormone free. I got my first period and it was normal but in April I did not get a period at all and was worried I was pregnant. The past month I have been severely bloated to the point that I look 5 months pregnant. It&#039;s not the baby weight because I had been working out 5 days a week and my stomach was relatively flat again until the last month. The bloating is very uncomfortable as well. It is now May 2017 and for the past two weeks I have been nauseous, had cramps and been spotting. I finally got my period yesterday and it is very heavy to the point I bled through two outfits. I used to have a light period that lasted 2 days."
"I started on Depo 4 months ago after having my birth control pills switched 4 times in the past 12 months.  I had to keep switching pills because I was having EXTREME bleeding, which eventually lead my doctor to test me for cancer.  Being tested for cancer at 26 years old, is life changing.  Luckily it came back negative.  I already suffer from migraines, and had been changed to a new migraine medication that conflicted with birth control pills, so I needed to chose a new method of birth control.  We found out through the cancer tests that I have an abnormal cervix, so IUDs are not an option for me, so I chose Depo. So far, so good.  No periods!  No weight gain, no mood swings. Working for me so far!"
"This medication has completely changed my life. Without it I feel like I am not complete. Twisted I feel like I can accomplish anything. Without it I sleep and have no motivation, suffer from depression, anxiety, no social skills. With it my whole social outlook changed, I am no longer shy and not showing away from social encounters. It is definitely a miracle."
"I was prescribed this after a bad car wreck.  The pain at night was too much to sleep.  This worked, but if I take it at 8pm before bed at 10, I&#039;m still groggy and sleepy until noon the next day."
"I switched from Lutera to Zarah because I developed PMDD and was constantly enraged and snapping on all my friends, boyfriend, and family the few days before my period. Zarah has drospirenone as its progesterone and is proven to help calm some of the effects of PMDD and other anxiety. I am so grateful for this birth control! I&#039;m not pregnant either, my breasts went up to a 32DD, and my acne is slightly better than it was before."
"I was hesitant to start using Restasis after reading the reviews. However, I was very desperate, suffering from severe dry eye, corneal scarring/dry spots, and ocular rosacea. My eyes were just giving me too much trouble and I was using high-end lubricant eye drops, compresses daily, fish oil pills, and consuming a lot of water. I was doing all I could to avoid Restasis. At the end of my rope, my Dr. prescribed Restasis along with a steroid drop. I have been using both for a month now and can already tell a very big difference. My eyes feel normal again and much less sensitive, no burning or scratching or tearing. It is wonderful. I hope that the benefits continue as long as I use the drops. I am a very happy Restasis customer!"
"It is amazing pain relief. I built a tolerance so quickly! I could take 1 and feel so much better and soon it was one and a half 7.5s and weeks later two 7.5s. Lidoderm patch and TENS unit helped some but you feel like you need the medicine so very easy to convince your body that you NEED it. Gained 10 lbs. After 3 years and some physical therapy plus Neurontin. PM doctor switched me to Nucynta. No tolerance to that yet! They have injected my intercostal nerves with cortisone to see if it was nerve damage from the back to back pregnancies. Constipation has been horrible. I need two Vicoprofen 10s every 8 hours but oh well. Some relief is nice."
"I&#039;ve seen 11 sleep docs in 4 states for my 16 yr old-sleep probs and don&#039;t have a diagnosis yet. The closest said the part of my brain that tells me when to be awake or asleep isn&#039;t working properly. He nailed it, thus my self-diagnosis of sleep-wake amalgamation. I&#039;ve taken 19 meds, eg Ambien, Provigil, Klonopin, Rozerem, Vyvanse, Lunesta, Trazodone, Gabapentin, Mirtazapine &amp; OTCs like melatonin &amp; valerian. Of all, Belsomra is the only 1 that doesn&#039;t leave me groggy, druggy or sleepless, although a few were very beneficial and I still use with Belsomra. With Bel., I get more REM sleep and feel much sharper. My only disappointments are the slow sleep latency &amp; very slow increase in deep sleep, likely due to Klonopin&#039;s GABAAR downregulation."
"I have been on Trinessa for a year. It made my periods regular. It made no improvement on my acne though. As for the birth control it is doing it&#039;s job. When I first began to take Trinessa my breats would get sore for a few days every month but now they have no effect on them. Before Trinessa I was using Femcon Fe. It&#039;s the chewable pill. I used it for a year and had no periods. But it was $60/month. Also, if I forgot to take a pill and took 2 the next day I would always get spotting. I haven&#039;t had that problem with Trinessa. One week I missed the first 3 pills and still didn&#039;t get any spotting."
"I have used this medication several times for bacterial infections. And they do a great job, but this time I am having a headache everyday I&#039;ve been using it and an upset stomach, but I guess its worth it to get rid of the infection."
"I have used arnuity 200 for 6 weeks and I see a difference but my copay in Dec 2015 was $91 now in Jan 2016 it has gone to $119 per month.  I&#039;d really would like to keep taking this but I can&#039;t afford that much every month so I will be back with my dr to find a alternative"
"Been on this for 5 years now, not a magic bullet, but still works fairly well. I have NO side effects at all, and never have from this drug. I eat fine, sleep fine, no headaches. I used to cry all the time and had OCD as well, this helps with  the crying, the OCD is a little better too. I get worried that I might be becoming immune to it, but I will cross that bridge later. Give it a try, the side effects are not a factor for everyone."
"I was diagnosed with vestibular migraines in 2010 and I had severe 24/7 vertigo. I always had &quot;regular&quot; migraines since I was a teen, but after an infection of the inner ear in 2010, my migraines changed and I had both pain and vertigo. For one year I had constant vertigo and I honestly thought I would become housebound. I could not go to theatres, malls, stores, or any areas with lots of people because crowds would make me dizzy. My work was in jeopardy. I tried Topamax and it gave me my life back. The initial side effects were awful but my body slowly adjusted to them. Eventually, the dizziness went away. I now take 225 mg daily. I have some word finding and concentration problems but that sure beats 24/7 vertigo."
"I really get excellent relief from this medication. It&#039;s very hard to find, but if you are to get a prescription for it and if your pharmacy knows you well, they will reorder it, if your taking it monthly, while deciding over surgery or to continue physical Therapy. The nerve pain associated with my accident and compression fractures, and my nerves is a bit to much. I also find great relief in the lidocaine patches, another very costy form of relief, but I will pay the monies, to not suffer from this pain. It can be unbearable! "
"I am 46, female, with osteoarthritis in one knee - had an arthroscopy last year that seemed to just make things worse. I have tried the Synvisc injections %u2013 no help. It was getting to the point where I was sitting most of the day to avoid the pain and stiffness. Even swimming was painful.  I would have to take at least 800mg of Motrin to feel the tiniest bit of relief.  Tried Oxycodone and Vicodin %u2013 nothing except sleepiness. Started taking Voltaren a few days ago %u2013 the generic diclofenac %u2013 50 mg 2x a day. Wow %u2013 I am so surprised how well this is working! I am moving around with little pain and only a small amount of stiffness now.  No side effects so far. I am so grateful my doctor suggested this %u2013 I am happier now!"
"It has been the only antiallergic that really works for me. I take it every other day. It is just fantastic and so happy that now is over the counter, now I can get the 80 tablets bottle and not deal with insurance and is cheaper than the out of the pocket payment that I used to pay."
"I highly recommend Depo. I was on it for a little over 2 years (which is not recommended). I didn&#039;t have a period, which I loved, and I only had to go in and get it every three months, which was also very nice. The only reason I stopped Depo was in order to try and get pregnant. Once I am done having kids/take a break from having kids, I will definitely go back to Depo. I also didn&#039;t have many side effects from Depo, just breakthrough bleeding some months."
"A pretty positive experience overall if you can get past the whole &quot;crap, I have chlamydia&quot; feelings. Bodies are weird. I&#039;ve had symptoms for months but my tests have never been positive for it which is kind of scary. What is not scary however, is knowing that this is totally treatable and I&#039;ll feel better almost immediately. I took 4 rather large pills right after eating a PB&amp;J, had some popcorn a couple hours later and went to bed. Woke up with some pretty bad nausea and diarrhea. After all of that  things are back to normal."
"I am 49. I have severe osteoarthritis, and no pain medication before Vimovo could touch the pain. Opiates in high doses worked, but I&#039;d be a vegetable! I also have GERD, which made taking medicines difficult. Without Vimovo, I simply could not walk, work, play with my children, etc. No side effects for me. The cost is prohibitive for many, I&#039;d think. Without insurance, I would never be able to afford it."
"I love fioricet - works really well.  but my dr wants to change my prescription to tramadol. Anyone else have similar experience?"
"I am a 45 year old male who tore major muscle groups in the right side of my back and neck 23 years ago. I have suffered horribly since then. I have had surgeries but the pain was still bad after. The first breakthrough was Lyrica as it addressed the nerve pain. Now, it appears Cymbalta may have dealt with the remainder of the nerve pain. It has only been a week but I have cut back on Lyrica and feel only 10% of the pain I once had. If I can survive this ungodly string of opening side effects (sweating, anxiety, weakness, nausea, constipation, dizziness) things may end up OK after all this time. Due to comments on this forum, I am going to ignore the side effects and wait until they go away. If they do go away, then Cymbalta is amazing."
"Had protected sex. The condom broke. Used the pullout method because of the broken condom. The next day, I was still nervous - I already had a 9 month old daughter and had just lost my job - so I dealt with judgement and rudeness at the pharmacy and finally walked away with next choice. I took it within 24 hours. I took the second pill 12 hours later, as directed. It didn&#039;t work. My son is now 4 and he&#039;s amazing, so all ends well for me."
"My doctor prescribed tizandine for Migraine headaches, to relieve the tension in the neck area.  I started with a quarter pill for 4 nights, moving to half pill.  It does not make me overly drowsy or cause bad dreams (yet!).  I am working up to an entire pill. However, I have oddly begun to develop a rash.  This seems to be a rare side effect.  Unfortunately, I think I will have to discontinue use - it seems to have started working."
"This medicine works great"
"I found terbinafine to be much more effective than the very expensive medications I had previously tried, and it was MUCH cheaper.  The fungus was not completely gone by the end of the 3 months, but it continued to work, and now my toenails are beautifully clear.  I would recommend it to anyone with the fungus on toenails."
"I have a panic disorder and my doctor put me on the Remeron. I thought it was great at first. It caused my panic attacks to slow down and my anxiety to die down. Then the side effects started. I had an increased appetite and put on nearly 30lbs. I didn&#039;t mind that, but then it also began causing me to become very irritable. I started feeling like I was going into blind rages. I immediately contacted my doctor and switched medicines. Use caution."
"I have used the product over 7 times now, and it has worked like a charm each and every time. I take 3, and drink about 24 oz of water. I take 3 because I&#039;m a 280 lbs. Take it on a Sunday afternoon, don&#039;t make any plans to leave the house, and by the evening it&#039;s all done. I usually end up going to the bathroom 3-4 times. First 2 are usually soft movements, any after that it&#039;s just getting rid of the excess water. I think people that are getting bad craps is they are not taking enough water with it. Try more water, see if it helps! I have had zero side effects using this product."
"Just wanted to share my POSITIVE experience using Mirena. I have always had really heavy periods, accompanied by intense cramping.  I&#039;ve had the Mirena for about a year.  My periods are tolerable because they&#039;re so light and only last for 3-4 days. Cramps have disappeared, which is like a dream come true.
My skin is clear, I have not gained a pound. I don&#039;t feel all weird from hormones like I did when taking the pill-possibly because the hormonal release is localized.  initial cost was $370 dollars but if you spread that over 3 years, that&#039;s a little over 10 dollars a month. I wish that I had been offered this option when I was 17-better late than never! I&#039;m 28."
"Lexapro is great.  I take it along with Lamictol for bipolar treatment.  Although overall stable, I am subject to bouts of depression and found that Lexapro increases enhances mood lessens the severity and length of depression.  I take 15 mg/day; will go to manic at 20mg/day"
"I got a novasure ablation 5 years ago because of the heavy bleeding and having to change pads and tampons every hour. The gush feeling after changing while conducting a 15 min. meeting was unbearable.  The ablation was the best thing ever until... i started bleeding again. My Dr. put me on Provera 2x daily for 7 days following 1x daily for 7 days.  One day passed after completing the prescription and the heavy bleeding with huge clots worse than prior to the ablation, along with severe cramping, similar to contractions is making me regret ever taking this drug. Im on day 3 of heavy bleeding, severe cramping,  terrible bloating that I have never experienced before. I&#039;m feeling discouraged reading that some women bled heavy for more than 2 wks"
"Have panic attacks approximately twice per year emerging with breathing problems. Result was depression with sleep hours falling from normal 8 hours to 2~3 hours. I fight depression with citalopram hydrobromide (Exenadil 20mg). Xanax helps me sleep whenever I feel I will miss my sleep. My schedule : Take depression medicine every two months for 6 months period. Take Xanax ONLY at night before sleep WHENEVER I feel I will miss my sleep. Fight my ugly morning wake ups by my own doing the most favorable things of the day in the morning."
"OMG!!! I tried monistat 1 cause I figured faster relief why not? Oh jeez! At first it wasn&#039;t so bad and I thought mmm alright.... then it started dissolving Oh. My God! I don&#039;t know what to do with myself and the cream only seems to make it worse! It&#039;s waaaaay itchier now than before I started. That&#039;s just not right man, I&#039;m laying here with a cold rag on my hooha and it&#039;s barely any relief!"
"I absolutely hate this medication. I had cold sweats, extreme cramping, horrible nausea, vomiting, and nearly blacked out. ALL FROM ONE PILL. I&#039;m a 23 year old woman. An over the counter constipation medication shouldn&#039;t do this. I would never recommend this medication to anyone. I honestly don&#039;t believe it should be on the market, or at least offered over the counter and readily available to the unsuspecting consumer."
"I&#039;m 26 and was diagnosed with Psoriasis about 5 yrs ago. I have Psorisis ALL over. I&#039;ve tried everything from topical ointments  to PUVA light treatments. The lights helped externally but with Psoriasis, we need help from the inside out. I&#039;ve tried Enbrel and Humira. I&#039;ve been on a waiting list for Stelara. I FINALLY have recieved my first shot last week and this is AMAZING.  Within this one week, all of the flakiness is gone and my patches are reduced to a soft pink flesh color and are no longer warm to the touch.  I can tell it&#039;s slowly working and cannot wait for my next shot. The only side effect that hit me was an upper respiratory infection which included coughing and sore throat and only lasted a week. "
"I noticed a big difference once starting this medication.  I do Suduko puzzles everyday.  Eventually, I stopped taking this medicine because of leg cramps that kept me up at night, and I could not do Suduko as well.  Once I went back on the medicine, I could resume my puzzles.  My pharmacist gave me Hylands for leg cramps and now I sleep better and am not so foggy.  Very happy."
"Due to unstable high blood pressure, have tried many brands of medicines which did not work with me. Only Atenolol is perfect for my blood pressure."
"Nicobate is rubbish.
Nicotill works."
"I have been on Prozac for a month now. I was hesitant because I have tried antidepressants in the past and they did not agree with me. I am shocked at how I am feeling. I am calm. My social anxiety (that I thought was more of a personality trait) is gone. I feel compelled to take care of myself. I have energy. I am happy. Like many, I had a paralyzing fear of June bugs. I stupidly left my outside light on the other evening and came home to their swarm. I unlocked the door and even swatted one away from my ear and walked in the house. My heart rate didn&#039;t even increase. I am a whole new person."
"First: RELAX. I know it&#039;s easier said than done but you will be fine. I had sex on November 2 around 1pm and took plan b one step on November 3rd around 4pm - so over the 24 hours. While having sex the condom broke and we continued. I found a $10 off coupon on the plan b website and bought it for $43 the day after having unprotected sex. I used the medication right after buying. I was starting to get really nervous because I knew that my period in the last most was on the 2nd so my period should be coming any time now. A lot of people say plan b made their period come early and few say that it comes later but mine did. I got my period today (November 7th). Really bad cramps tho. However, better than 9th months of cramps"
"Only improvement would be a pen"
"I can&#039;t believe the difference in how I&#039;ve felt with BuSpar. I had daily anxiety/panic attacks due to a very stressful series of events in the last year and BuSpar has made all the difference in the world. I&#039;ve been taking 15mg 3x per day (45mg/day) and the results are amazing. No side effects at all. Every now and then I&#039;ll take an Ativan (.25mg) to augment the BuSpar, but I know I get the most relief from the BuSpar. Before taking this, I would have uncontrollable thoughts and fears that made me feel like I was going crazy and couldn&#039;t stop them. Now, I&#039;m able to rationalize them and get them out of my head much easier. I definitely recommend this medicine to anyone with severe panic and anxiety problems."
"A very effective medicine, that needs to be used with care and caution. I wouldn&#039;t take more than 1mg per day, and my doctor will not prescribe any higher dose. I take it in combination with Lexapro, and my anxiety is nearly obliterated. I would say be very careful, though, about dosage."
"Drank my first pint within the first 30 mins and then within the hour I have totally destroyed the toilet. There was a slight rumble in stomach then the gates of heaven opened up. The taste is disgusting and I can&#039;t even describe it. Not looking forward to the second dose"
"I got put on Microgestin 1.5/30 to help minimize painful ovarian cysts that I have been experiencing. I usually hate birth control pills because I always experience miserable side effects. Microgestin minimized my ovarian cysts and I&#039;m no longer in pain. The one and only side Effect I had was a yeast infection, but it could have just been a coincidence. I get slightly queezy but it goes away quickly I have not experienced moodiness, my face is super clear, no break through bleeding, and no loss in sex drive or a dry vagina. Usually birth control pills give me all of the negative side effects. I am 31 and have been on this pill for 2months. So far I give it a wonderful rating compared to other birth control pills I have tried."
"I was on a different birth control beforehand and I had every side effect possible, so my doctor switched me to Microgestin and I&#039;m so glad she did! I haven&#039;t had a single side effect since being on the pill! I used to get terrible cramps and even after taking the pill for a month the cramps were completely gone. The only thing that happened was that my breasts got bigger, which I&#039;m not complaining about!"
"Excellent!!"
"I had anxiety due to a fear of vomiting I always felt sick but I take one of these (sometimes half) before bed and I feel better the stress that I am going to vomit goes away and I have a good nights sleep without feeling sick to the stomach. Have been on it for 2 months and now I have started to cut down my dose due to the side effects I have read about. I don&#039;t have a high dose only 1 a day sometimes 2 depending on how I feel."
"I have been on this birth control for a few years now. I switched from Ortho TriCyclen. They both seem about the same. I haven&#039;t gotten pregant yet. I don&#039;t really break out. I got fat when I started working at Starbucks, so the pill didn&#039;t have much to do with that. The one thing I don&#039;t like, is I get a thick clear discharge. It&#039;s SO thick! It doesn&#039;t soak into my panties, I can literally peel it off. It&#039;s like jello. It doesn&#039;t smell."
"Took my first Ambien last night at 10. Started with half like my doctor said. Took the other half at 1am since first half obviously didn&#039;t work. Here I sit at 5:30am and my eyes still haven&#039;t closed. Only difference with me is that when I didn&#039;t take I sleep a couple of hours and feel fine. Taking Ambien I don&#039;t sleep at all but feel tired!"
"Benicar has been very effective at lowering my blood pressure and I&#039;ve experienced no side effects.  I was worried that it may affect my sex drive but it hasn&#039;t."
"I just started to take Alli. So far I have been feeling great about eating right. Taking ALLI makes you accountable for what you eat. For me the side effects are scary enough to make me eat right. All of the reviews I have read, have made me so excited to lose weight. Thanks everyone"
"I&#039;ve been using Yaz since June of 2007. I love how it&#039;s made my life sooo much better. I was on a generic pill prior to Yaz and my cramps were worse than they ever had been, my mood was all over the place, and my periods were still irregular and lasted anywhere from 7-12 days. I told my doctor that I had spent a good two hours crying over a lost sock one month. She told me I probably had PMDD and to try Yaz. The first few months were full of crazy mood swings, probably while my body adjusted to it, but since then I&#039;ve not had any problems with this pill. I&#039;m very light and regular and they only last 3 to 5 days. My mood doesn&#039;t change and neither has my appetite. Everyone is different, but that&#039;s been my experience."
"I&#039;ve been on Chantix for a month and it has worked fabulous for me. I quit within 5 days of starting it and have had absolutely no craving for a cigarette even with my husband continuing to smoke. He now is going to try it too since he has seen how well it has worked for me. I smoked for 25 years and I can&#039;t believe how well I&#039;ve done with the help of Chantix. I haven&#039;t had any side effects at all either."
"&quot; Having learned i have ADHD,as an adult,i have struggled all my life,and at 46 i feel better being treated with Dexedrine spansules (10mg) 3 times a day. Day by day things are getting better,and now having the resources of services and help throughout my life,is very appreciated.&quot;"
"This is the worst medicine I have ever taken. I had to do prep for a colonoscopy.  It came time to take this medicine, I was in so much pain, that I almost went to the hospital prior to my test. I thought something went terribly wrong. Hours upon hours of violent diarrhea and cramps like I have never felt before in my life. The sweats were terrible. I actually pooped my pants the following morning as this med had taken over my entire digestive system. I had no control of my bowels. Not normal for a 37 yo.. I had to drive to the test with a towel between my bottom cheeks for fear of pooping myself again. DO NOT TAKE THIS unless you enjoy unbearable pain!!!!"
"Stops further outbreak, reduces inflammation, irritation and excessive &quot;shedding&quot;.  Causes all but the worst spots to go into complete remission."
"I tried several times to stop smoking, but always relapsed. Commit lozenges were the only success I had. Here were my complaints about other methods:

* Prescriptions - didn&#039;t want to put medicine in my body
* Nicoderm CQ - patches didn&#039;t stick to hairless parts of my body
* Hypnosis - I always lit up after my hypnotherapy session

I stopped with Commit, but started again because I wasn&#039;t truly ready. Once I was finally determined to quit, I went back to Commit. Just when I was making this decision, they came out with the Cappuccino flavor version and as of today I have been a non-smoker for three and a half months. It&#039;s the only method that has truly worked for me."
"Viibryd is the only anti-depressant that really worked for me. I tried Prozac, Zoloft, Effexor. I&#039;ll never know if those 3 medicines didn&#039;t work but the effect was subtle at best. Viibryd&#039;s impact was unambiguous. So much so that after the 3rd week I felt that 30 mg would be sufficient. My Doctor advised me to go ahead and take 40 mg and that is my current dosage. Note that I was diagnosed with co-occurring anxiety and the action of Viibryd is such that it is a very effective anti-anxiety medication, at least for me. Note that some people report an increase in anxiety with Viibryd at higher dosages."
"I am 22 years old and never was a bad student throughout school but was always very unfocused when it came to reading comprehension and listening to lectures. I now work for a general physician and she seemed to notice my frustration with not being able to get anything done when there was a lot to do. I would get very aggravated easily and had very bad mood swings. My doctor prescribed me Adderral XR and I waS very hesitant to take it. When I started taking it I felt like I was much calmer, was able to do my job. It&#039;s really great me and my husband get along now because I&#039;m not so uptight. It does give me dry mouth and insomnia but I can deal with the no appetite. Overall I think it is great!"
"I had Crohn&#039;s with a resection 30 years ago and have been mostly in remission since.  Have recently had a bad flare and narrowing at the anastomosis and need to be on medication, but haven&#039;t found one that I can handle.  Asacol gave me such serious body aching and fatigue that I could not function.  Pentasa immediately gave me heart palpitations and arrhythmias so I had to discontinue it."
"After being on so many medications for a non clear mental disorder...perhaps bipolar or adhd.. or a mix of everthing 
I was addicted to clonazepam, the worst medication I ever been and I was there for 10 years.
Been also in all depresion medication..
But none worked.
Been in straterra for adhd and was horrible.. didn&#039;t work.
Was on Trileptal and it&#039;s a so heavy medication.
I found in a high dosis perhaps 1200mg of gabapentin some real relief...
Relief in anxiety and relief in some chronic pains after some surgery s.
Between gabapentin some unisom I found relief.. 
I don&#039;t want to touch never again clonazepam or any benzodiazpein.
Be careful with those medications, they destroy you.
Sorry for my English... I&#039;m trying to improve it every day"
"Slimmed down from 5&quot;2, 188 pounds. In seven months dropped 41 pounds. The right combination of diet and exercise make this easier then it should be. I still eat good but wise choices seem more appealing versus what I used to do. No bored eating or snacking anymore. No female issues just a little headache."
"I experienced a heavy period and breast tenderness at first after I switched from Ortho Novum 7/7/7. After the first pack, the tenderness was gone, my period went back to normal, and my sex drive increased. I like it alot."
"The first application burn and itch like crazy. It was pretty bad. I put an ice pack down there to ease the discomfort. I woke up in the morning with no problems. I&#039;m on day 4 with no problems. If you can get past the first one without washing it out then you will probably be fine."
"I&#039;m on this medication after developing staph infection in my C-section incision. I began feeling dizzy on day one. I&#039;ve had some itching on my stomach, but not too terribly. Yesterday (day 6 of 10) I developed a headache. I still have said headache. I feel blurry visioned &amp; dizzy all day. Extreme hunger too. Idk. My staph is healing &amp; incision looks great now... But after suffering a SEVERE spinal headache following my surgery... A headache is the last thing I want to experience. 3 more days... Ugh. Is it effective for infection? Yes. Is it pleasant to endure? Nope."
"This stuff works great at first. I took it for both insomnia and mild anxiety, and within 20min I was so relaxed and could fall asleep like nothing. Unfortunately my tolerance built up so quickly; I went from 0.5mg a night to 2mg a night in just 2 months just for it to keep working. And coming off of it is extremely difficult. VERY heightened anxiety and terrible withdrawal symptoms. It took me nearly 2 months to get off it completely."
"I would like to let everyone know that this medication did not work for me. It did not control my blood pressure well at the same time the side effect did permanent damage on both of legs. My feet started tingling and very sensitive. Now my feet hurts. Pain and numbness I still feel even though I have stopped this medication two weeks ago. This medication might work for you.
** If you take this medication and if you get tingling or your feet gets sensitive, immediately call the doctor and discontinue taking this medication. 
** My opinion is that they should not be prescribing this medication in this country."
"I&#039;ve started medication  June 24, 2011 of two 500mg tabs a day and I still have had 6 outbreaks in less than four months. Yes, healing time is faster but I would like to have less outbreaks like 1 to none a year."
"Maybe the ones that are hurting have a more severe cases of YI. I took this 4 days ago and I have had no problems. Was easy to use. There hasn&#039;t been any pain or discomfort. I&#039;m 42 and have had two children.  I would recommend this product."
"Taken all types of anti depressants. None worked until a friend mentioned Wellbutrin. Started off on 150mg SR generic brand. Anxiety increased, smoking decreased, sex drive moderate, no change in weight or additional side effects. After two yes doctor finally prescribed 24 hr Wellburtin. Taking name brand. Day 2 &amp; WOWWWWW. Im feeling fabulous. I have Valium in case for emergency anxiety attacks. But I honestly believe this is a winner"
"My boyfriend and I were having intercourse and he did pull out but he ejaculated on my vulva. So 6 hours later I took the plan b pill and I realized we had intercourse 2 days before I was supposed to ovulate. I was super nervous because I read that it didn&#039;t work for other people but I was supposed to have my period August 7th and now it&#039;s here 3 days early, August 4th. I didn&#039;t have a lot of symptoms except headaches, nausea, sore nipples and lots of thick white discharge. I didn&#039;t experience symptoms until like a week or two after I took it. My period is really heavy and I have terrible cramps and a lot of blood clots too but it&#039;s not more than I usually get. But be patient it&#039;ll work."
"I have been taking this for endometriosis and have found it very effective. This isn&#039;t for the treatment of endometriosis but is for the prevention of pain that goes along with it."
"This gel worked great on the neuropathy pain in my hands and feet.  It didn&#039;t take away the pain completely, but reduced it dramatically."
"I have had several Colonoscopies the latest using Suprep which was by far the best  of the bunch.  Nulytely, Miralax (same stuff different form) and Dulcolax all made me terribly sick, Dulcolax made me so ill I had to cancel the procedure and almost ended up in the ER (in fact if you read the reviews that stuff should not be on the market).    The Suprep IS horrible tasting and it did NOT make me sick.  The clean out went as expected, lots of watery poop then just water.  Doctor happy and I was able to walk in and out unassisted for the first time in 5 colonoscopies"
"I have been on Effexor for a few years with virtually no side effects. However my dr recommended this new medication based on excellent reports on its success. I took it the first day at bedtime, slept like a rock with lots of dreams and woke up feeling like I hadn&#039;t slept at all. Slept most of the day with mild nausea and no appetite, but knew I had to eat something to overcome the nausea. By evening, the nausea was gone. Took another dose that night..same thing, but work up feeling quite nauseous which I suffered from all day and night. I had flu like symptoms for the following 3 days and decided that was enough for me as the nausea never eased up. I have been off the med for 3 days now and still have mild nausea. Won&#039;t be taking anymore."
"The first time I was prescribed Restasis - I was also prescribed a cortisone drop and I didn&#039;t have any issues with burning and got complete relief within a few short months. I stopped taking it after 6 months and the eyes became dry again about 9 months later.

 I am back on it again but this time without the cortisone drops. I am finding the burning pretty much continuous. However I am again producing tears easily.

I will ask my doctor to again prescribe cortisone drops in addition to the Restasis.

My doctor ok&#039;d me using each vile for 2-3 days.Fortunately I have insurance that covers most of the cost. 

I would highly recommend this drug to anyone suffering from chronic dry eyes. None of the over the counter medications helped."
"I bought the Jublia medication and applied exactly as prescribed every day for 10 months with basically zero change to all 10 infected toes after this timeframe. I paid nearly $975 per bottle for this stuff with Blue Cross insurance refusing to cover the prescription; and now I know why- because it just doesn&#039;t work!
So $10,000 later, I am back to square one. Valeant, the manufacturer of this worthless stuff, should be sued for false claims."
"Been using Victoza for 1 month, down 25lbs.
Was nauseous at first but got Zofran, took with the shot, works great."
"I have been on Victoza for about 3 months. I had been on Metformin, but I had the unusual side effect of it making my fingers swell.  Then I tried Byetta and after a couple of months, my fingers swelled to such a serious degree I had to get off all medicines and I tried controlling my levels with just diet. My sugars started going up and I tried Victoza. 

It has worked beautifully for me. I have to take the Victoza right before I eat because otherwise I have bad cramping, so if someone is getting cramping, they could try taking it before a meal and see if it helps. Have only lost 5 lbs."
"I&#039;ve been using Viagra for several years, and have never noticed any significant side effects!  Until recently, I was cutting 100mg tablets into 4, as 25mg was working very well, with NO SIDE EFFECTS WHATSOEVER!  I&#039;m now 66yrs old, and am finding that I need at least 50mg to &quot;get the job done!&quot;  I can&#039;t complain!  Thanks Viagra!"
"Like it very well compared to other drugs I have taken."
"Worked wonders, it was great to finally find out what I had. My doctor kept telling me it was a yeast infection and prescribed the one pill to knock it out. It helped with the itchiness a little but it was still there. This pill completely knocked it out! I didn&#039;t notice the taste at all."
"I am 41 and I have Mirena 1 year now and I knew in the first month somethings were different with me. I have serious mood swings, depression, no sex drive and vaginal dryness. I want to take it out but before Mirena I had horrible periods my whole life that lasted 8 to 10 days and very heavy to the point I was lightheaded and almost passing out from being anemic. I don&#039;t know what to do. But now I see I am not in this alone...there are others with the same side effects."
"I have muscle aches with statins. Tried Repatha and did fine for a month or so.  Lowered total cholesterol to 120. Then one day after an injection in my right leg, I got severe right leg cramps. It took two more injections to tie the leg pain to the injections. I thought it might be gout.  Orthopedic doctor said it was a torn tendon in the knee

Pain was level 2-8 and I could hardly walk. It settled in the knees. I&#039;m about 10 days since last injection and pain is less every day. 

Definately sure its the drug as I have never had knee problems. Hope there is no permanent damage."
"For the last 7 years I have had severe anxiety, panic attacks, and insomnia. I was given remeron for sleep and klonopin for anxiety. Recently my pdoc and I decided it&#039;s time for me to get off the benzos. She gave me gabapentin and it&#039;s been a life saver. I&#039;m doing well at gradually tapering off klonopin. The only drawback I find is that gabapentin wears off rather fast, and your body builds up a tolerance really fast. Been on it for 3 months now. I started at 100mg 3 times a day. Within a month I was up to 300mg 3xdaily and 600mg at night. Currently I am only taking it PRN at 300mg. As someone who has tried every mood stabilizer and anxiety medication  under the sun. Gabapentin is amazing!"
"I have had hyperhidrosis of my hands, armpits, and feet my entire life. It made many things in my life extremely uncomfortable or impossible to do. (Even simple things... shaking hands, preparing food, wearing grey or any non-dark T-shirts, wearing sandals, the list goes on). I&#039;ve been using Hypercare for 3 years now and it has literally changed my life. It&#039;s affordable and effective. I recommend to anyone suffering from hyperhidrosis."
"Does not work. Does not lower blood sugar.(Zydus Mfg.)
Have been using Par Mfg with no problem."
"37 year old male, diagnosed worth osteoporosis and osteopenia. Had a long spinal fusion 3 months ago, and have been taking forteo for about 4-5 months now. For the last month and a half, I&#039;ve just felt all around crappy. Mental fog, chest tightness, shortness of breath, dull headache almost constantly, throat feels like it&#039;s swelling shut, feels like a rock in my throat, speaking out loud is becoming labored... I am taking pain meds due to the surgery and wasn&#039;t sure if those were the cause of this. After reading the other reviews, it&#039;s pointing more towards the forteo. Very interesting. I&#039;ll be seeing my doc next week, and I also sent a message to the bone doc that prescribed the forteo. I&#039;ll update this post when this is resolved.."
"was diagnosed in 2006, but most likely contracted it back in the late mid 70s...I started on Harvoni in November 2015, finished 1/2016..I had not one side effect what so ever.  My last viral count was zero!!! I am not on any other medications but I do take a super b complex vitamin every day..taking this medicine was a piece of cake !!
Thank you to whomever came up with this medicine."
"I have been on Azor 10/20 for my blood pressure for a year or so now. Just as a lot of other have said the drug works on contact. It has kept my levels down, But I started losing my hair at the same time. The worst part is I cut my hair off once I started noticing it was falling out because I thought It was coming from me not taking care of it well enough. Azor does not have hair loss listed as one of the side affects. Once I started losing my hair in patches I did more research &amp; saw that their were others having this same problem w/ Azor. On top of that I was having muscle pain in my arm every night which was causing my husband &amp; I to stay up. I finally made an appt with my primary to switch off this drug. Good drug, two many side affects"
"insurance will not cover it"
"Latuda is awesome, I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 weeks and I seem to be feeling better every day.  I am also on Prozac, Dexedrine, and Klonopin.  But we switched out Zyprexa for Latuda and it&#039;s been a miracle so far, I don&#039;t really notice many side effects and I&#039;m losing weight like crazy and not trying to.  I hope it keeps up the good things."
"Fractured distal radius surgery. This relieves all my pain."
"My experience is only a week old, and I&#039;m here to see what other users have diarrhea during the initial two weeks of taking Linzess.  But I did want to reply to Bronx boy&#039;s fears about what will help him if this doesn&#039;t.  Magnesium.  I deeply understand his fear, as there&#039;s nothing worse than constipation.  Before Linzess, I took a product called CALM, which is a fizzy drink of magnesium citrate.  IT WORKS!  My problem with it is it woke me up in the night - works fast.  I&#039;ve found, during these initial days of taking Linzess, that I can still take CALM in the morning if I have that miserable &quot;incomplete&quot; feeling, and CALM will work within an hour on an empty stomach.  I rated it at 5 at this point pending further experience."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 2 years now. It really helped straighten out my irregular periods and the heaviness of my flow. However, I didn&#039;t get cramps much before I started the pill and now I get them and they are horrible. Sometimes I even feel like my legs are going numb. And I get these horrible headaches everyday, they worsen when I don&#039;t take my pill right on time, even a few minutes late and they only get worse on the week I take the sugar pills. I didn&#039;t have any issues until about a year and a half after starting this pill."
"This medicine is my go to every time! It takes away every bit of pain and discomfort that comes along with a UTI, would recommend to anyone!"
"I am 21 years old was placed on this medicine for having high blood pressure and it being an estrogen free birth control. I was terrified or weight gain, spotting, and mood swings, all of which this shot is rumored to do. I have experience absolutely no bleeding since my first shot, got the second shot today and no weight gain (I do exercise daily). I have been somewhat emotional around the time of my normal period, but no more then usual. Overall I love the shot and having no period is a plus all around!"
"Mirtazapine its amazing medicine my anxiety and depression its all gone now. This medicine is 10/10."
"I&#039;ve had many problems in the past with keeping my hormone levels normal. After switching to this pill, my levels have evened out. However, I have noticed that when I do have my cycle (which is rare) I become extremely nauseated and feel absolutely sick. Everyone reacts differently but if you&#039;re going to try this pill, just know if you&#039;re like me there&#039;s a possibility of a lot of debilitating nausea and chances of fever."
"I was skeptical about anti-depressants for a long time and decided to take them only as a last resort. I&#039;ve been on 200mg of Zoloft for about 6 months now and the results are fantastic. I&#039;ve had a tremendous improvement in mood, energy, and all around motivation to get up in the morning. I have also had zero side effects. Unless something changes I will continue to take this medication and recommend it to others as well."
"For weight loss. I started in July 2015 weighing in at 250 lbs as of today 10/13/15 I am 210 lbs. Started off was slow then the lbs started falling off. I went from a 40 inch waist to a 34 in that time frame my goal is 185. I have better nights of sleeping no more snoring. We I first started had slight headache but nothing after that."
"As I was on Abilify, this drug is worse for me.  I&#039;m so tired, I feel like I have bricks on my feet.  I&#039;m only taking 1 mg as an add-on to my Lexapro 20mgs.  I&#039;m not eating well still, but I am sleeping through the night.  I just can&#039;t wake up.. at all... this just wont due, I can&#039;t function."
"It&#039;s the only drug that works for my headaches."
"I&#039;ve been taking Guaifenesin for 18 months, along with following all of the guidelines written by Dr. R. Paul St. Amand in his book, &quot;What Your Doctor May Not Tell You About Fibromyalgia&quot;.  Before I started the Guaifenesin Protocol, I was in so much pain, and had so much fatigue that I was in bed much of the time.  Slowly and steadily, I am getting my life back.  My pain is much better.  The fatigue still comes and goes, but gets better each month.  Some of my other Fibro symptoms are completely gone. 
It is VERY IMPORTANT to follow the protocol as written by Dr. St. Amand, especially avoiding plant products (salicylates) on your skin.  Just taking a Guaifenesin pill will not make you better.  Do your research--you can do this!"
"OMG i cannot believe my &quot;psychiatrist&quot; had prescribed me this med at first I was ok I thought it made me feel tired enough to sleep after about an hour and she also let me still be on lorazapam because I was already taking that for my anxiety. Well I have been on these pills 25 mg two times a day for about a month. And I have gained almost 20lbs and when I try to sleep my legs go crazy. I have been having severe restless leg. and I mean my legs would kick hard when I am trying to sleep. So last night my man was trying to keep me calm and tell me it will be ok and he told me to look up the med and the side effects. I am now in tears after reading all the bad effects and its isn&#039;t good for anxiety ADHD &amp; mood disorders I hate dr&#039;s who know nada."
"I have been using Zoloft for about 9 years now. I&#039;ve tried most anti-depressants since I was about 21. I&#039;m 37 now.  I wouldn&#039;t recommend Zoloft to those under 25 as it worked better for me in my late 20s.  It doesn&#039;t cause weight gain which is good.  I don&#039;t have much of an appetite so I have small amounts of food which satisfy me.  At the start I got the normal side effects, diarrhea, agitation, sweating, etc. but it tends to get better over the years.  My worst time for depression was a week before my period so I just take a higher dose and it helps me a lot.  A friend of mine has started Pristiq (Desvenlafaxine) and she says its fantastic.  So much more energy which I&#039;m after as Zoloft doesn&#039;t give me much energy at all."
"Been on Suboxone for almost 3 and 1/2 years after an 80  day oxycodone habit or anything else. Been on it for too long and am at 4mg&#039;s a day. Been clean for all 3 1/2 years."
"Ambien CR assists me in falling asleep but only briefly, often waking after just 3-4 hours. When it does work, I don&#039;t recall things like getting up to turn on lights and the TV full blast! I have also experienced dizziness, loss of motor skills and next day grogginess/sleepiness. Today I woke to find my small craft table smashed on the floor all the craft items scattered on the floor. A crash like that would most certainly have awoken me right? Well no it didn&#039;t and I don&#039;t recall knocking it over! So it had to be me while sleepwalking again! I have turned to taking it only when I am truly desperate for a decent night&#039;s sleep!  "
"Like many, I dreaded the prep for a colonoscopy as I typically have a gag reflex. However, I did my research (read every review on here) and came up with a plan that worked really well. Here&#039;s the poop (pun intended): About 3  have a light bland supper. Two days before, eat bland soft food (plain scrambled eggs, smooth yogurt, etc) and drink lots of water and/or clear liquids. Day 1 prep: eat 2 plain scrambled eggs for breakfast and then drink lots of clear non-acid liquids. Buy some Crystal Light Powder and make a strong pitcher. Put in fridge a few hours before first dose. Add to Suprep 30 min before taking and put in fridge. Cut a lemon wedge and hold under your nose, drink through a straw. It&#039;s bearable and it works well."
"I used this medication 12 years ago (I am 37 now, so I was 25).   
In 3 wks I gained 15lbs. My calves became very swollen and crampy and my memory began to go. I was a server at a popular restaurant.  I had regular customers and all of a sudden I couldn&#039;t remember their orders (they ordered the same thing every week for a year)... I&#039;m certain it is from Ortho Evra. It took years to get those 15lbs off. It completely messed up my metabolism and my memory has never recovered... I have a 16yr old daughter who will never use the patch because of my experience."
"Cymalta has definitely helped me as far as depression and anxiety. Its the only medication that&#039;s worked so far. The only problem I&#039;ve had with it is that it takes away my ability to orgasm and my sex drive in general"
"I got nexplanon  on 5-20-15.
The first few months were pretty out there my mood was stupid crazy but to be honest my mood is always stupid crazy.
I am one of the lucky few who don&#039;t have regular periods while on nexplanon when I used to before. Some times I miss months sometimes I spot a whole month, as for December of 16 3/4 weeks I was constant bleeding. It did hurt my libido in the beginning but I am now perfectly fine. Although the bleeding is annoying, I recommend it to everyone. It&#039;s less terrifying than the idea of an IUD and you can&#039;t forget to take it."
"For nerve injury I was taking Lyrica and Vicodin - the only combination that helped (after much trial and error). Then I had ended up with surgery (ovary removal) and Dr prescribed Percocet 5-325. It is a wonder medicine. The first day slightly nauseous, but that quickly went away. I now prefer the Percocet; doesn&#039;t make me as sleepy as Vicodin. I break pills in half, spreading it throughout the day to just dial down the pain enough for me to be cheerful and productive but not zoned out. I gave it a 9 out of 10 because it does cause constipation (take Colace OTC)."
"I got the Mirena Tuesday of this week. I was very weary about the insertion because I work at the OBGYN &amp; have seen the good along with the very painful inserts. I get high blood pressure with the pill and saw that the Mirena was 100% covered by my insurance so I thought I would give it a try. Insertion is best while you are in your menstrual cycle because it causes your cervix to dilate. With that being said I have not had children and got the Mirena during my cycle, I was barely spotting. Insert gave a small cramp to my surprise much easier than I was setting myself up for in my mind. If you follow direction &amp; take Advil or Ibuprofen every 4-6 starting 1 hour prior insert &amp; 5 days post same routine that will rid of cramps &amp; bleeding. VERY satisfied- no cramps or bleeding!"
"I just started the time release, this is my third day. I have always been hesitant because about 6 years ago I started suffering from severe panic attacks and since then I have had a hard time with anything that gets my heart rate going or makes my body feel weird including caffeine. So exercise would trigger panic attacks, I finally got them under control with meds but I weigh 277 pounds not a number I usually say out loud.  So anyways I am not having any major jitters or anything, I have dry mouth really bad but can work with it. I do find that I have no appetite and food taste a little different but not craving to eat all the time. I am down to 269lbs, which is probably water weight. I am staying hopeful because I really need my life back."
"I was not warned by my doctor in advance that Abilify can lower your BP. I fainted regularly and could not drive for about 1 week, until they got me off of it again. It seemed to help with my mood, but unfortunately, I couldn&#039;t live with the side effect of passing out all the time!"
"Works well helps with pain but I still like Oxycontin better."
"Hated it. Was prescribed 30 mg. Slept 14 hrs a day, restless leg syndrome, gained 40 lbs, moody and irritable constantly and anxiety ridden. Finally tired of this horrible drug, I researched a replacement. There isn&#039;t one. It&#039;s in a class of its own.  Desperate, I cut my pills all in half and let me tell you! 1 week later, I&#039;m the old me again, I feel energized after 8 hrs of sleep, no middle of the night candy cravings and I&#039;m finally able to talk to others without wishing they&#039;d shut the hell up! I feel like remeron took 2 years of my life from me."
"I have been prescribed robaxin 750mg from having back pains after getting epidural for child birth. It works okay. I&#039;m suppose to take it every 4 hours or when aches return. I don&#039;t even have to look at the clock and can tell the 4 hours went by because the aches return. I wish I had something I don&#039;t have to take every 4 hours, just 12 instead. I have to make sure I have my pills with me, or I will be so miserable. My aches make me so dizzy because how bad they are."
"Prescribed this medicine to prevent migraines, but have anxiety.  I&#039;m answering the other posted question regarding dizziness when getting up and sweating. Yes and yes.   I often feel hot or excessively sweaty and the dizziness comes and goes. Did not know this would help anxiety."
"I have taken 15 mg Remeron for about 5 days so far and it already is a miracle pill for me. I am slightly underweight and had constant anxiety, but so far this medication has vastly improved my appetite and I just feel relaxed, but not in an drugged feeling way. I actually enjoy food and am no longer as picky of an eater as I was before, which is awesome. It also helps with sleep, as it certainly has a sedative effect after you take it. I was really groggy and tired the first day after I took it, but have been fine and energized everyday since. I know every medication affects people differently, but if you are depressed and not worried about weight gain, give this a shot."
"My son is addicted to oxycontin.  He went to rehab twice and to an extended living facility. He relapsed after both. He is in his second month of Vivatrol treatment and so far is doing very well. He is going to school and says he has no cravings.  Still, he has sleep issues and difficulty concentrating.  We are very hopeful that he will get his life back.  He is seeing a private therapist (psychologist) once a week as well.  He is very confident that this combination as well as lots of family support will give him what he needs to succeed in living a drug free life.  Many people pray for him every day and we are all very hopeful. In seven weeks he gained ten pounds. That is a big improvement."
"Temazapam is the only med that treats my insomnia. I have tried every non benzo on the market, and have been in numerous sleep studies. I sometimes go 3-4 days with the average sleep of those days being 1-2 hours total. I was prescribed 40mg temazapam and can get a solid 8 hours of sleep. I cycle it seven days at a time to reset my sleep cycles as needed."
"First things first try and remember what you were like before the bc I was fun and careless, passing classes, clear skin had lots of friends and so on. Now I&#039;m always depressed and care way to much and I had bad stomach problems that are simulating Crohn&#039;s disease but isn&#039;t .I have had it in for 10 days short of three years yeah I&#039;m not pregnant but I&#039;d rather have a baby rather than a mental breakdown about nothing. This is my opinion and what my side affects were. PS I&#039;m getting it out tomorrow and I can&#039;t wait!!"
"A few weeks ago I began breaking out on my cheeks like crazy and it felt like I was back in my middle school days. I am 18 and recently graduated from high school and was wondering what the heck was going on. My mom and I went to see the dermatologist and he immediately recommended Epiduo and a PanOxyl 10% wash. I use a pea size amount of Epiduo at night and the PanOxyl in the morning. So far my acne and pores have been clearing up and looking great! But I have been dealing with burning and VERY dry skin. Reading other comments and advice I plan on waiting 10 minutes between cleansing, Epiduo, and moisturizing.  Seems like these side effects are common, especially dryness. It has been a week and I have seen a difference!"
"Hey ladies. So with my husband, I had used plan b a couple days ago, about 15 hrs after. Now I&#039;m not going to know quite yet wether it works til I&#039;m due for my period around the 20th of July.. but I&#039;m not too concerned as Im not ovulating quite yet. And the only side effect, still is off and on nausea. But I see some people saying the pill won&#039;t work. Some insight.. if Ur ovulating, and have unprotected sex, u obviously have a high chance of pregnancy. With or without this pill. If you read, this pill is supposed to postpone/prevent ovulation so u can&#039;t become pregnant. Therefore, if u do have sex while ovulation, and want to take the pill, it&#039;s risky, but should be taken right after, otherwise may not work. Just a suggestion :)"
"Well , how do I start ? Ive been taking champix now for nearly 8 weeks , up until now I&#039;ve felt great! Stopped smoking , a lot more energy etc until recently I keep having weird thoughts re evaluating my life , feeling paranoid , feeling depressed, crying for no reason , can&#039;t stop thinking , can&#039;t switch my brain off from thinking to even watch TV. I actually feel  so low. I have never felt like this in my life and speaking to a family member its the champix! I&#039;ve stopped taking them I&#039;ve got a doctors appointment on Monday I actually feel like I need to be sectioned seriously guys think twice before taking these yes they stop you from smoking, but wow the side effects are dangerous!!"
"The only positive thing about Alesse is that it does its job at preventing pregnancy. I&#039;ve been on Alesse since January &amp; it has noticeably affected my mood. Before Alesse I was always calm, cool, collective &amp; just easy going but now I get upset over things that never bothered me before. I&#039;m sensitive to almost everything now. I thought it was me but after reading the reviews and talking to my doctor it&#039;s definitely Alesse that&#039;s causing me to be this way. Its causing me to overreact and do rash things which is not in my nature. Its ruining my relationship with my boyfriend. And its also causing me to be mean at work towards my coworkers. After I finish my last pack I&#039;m going to switch to a different pill."
"I only gave it a 7 because I&#039;m on day 3. Dizziness and nausea, be careful driving before you get a feel for what your reaction will be. Everyone is different. The nausea was often minimized by eating  decent meal with the meds, BUT it still came back about an hr to 1.5 hrs. The dizziness, I felt like I was drinking, seriously. Hopefully it&#039;s all clear when I&#039;m done in 2 days. I was feeling like crap, I wore a T-shirt that I wear to sleep to my evening class today (I&#039;m over 27). Glad I found this site!

If you&#039;re a female, ensure you don&#039;t have Bacterial Vaginitis (bv) because that should be treated as well."
"Been on this birth control for 3 weeks and I&#039;ve had acne on my chin like I haven&#039;t had in years and I am constantly starving to the point of sickness as well as extremely fatigued. This is terrible. Going to give it another month to see if it levels out but I highly doubt it will."
"I&#039;ve had restless leg syndrome for about 15 years and have tried several medications.  Gabapentin worked most nights, but left me practically catatonic the next day.  Klonopin did nothing to help my symptoms. Requip made me feel like I was going insane, and really scared me.  I gave Mirapex a high rating because it has completely eliminated all my symptoms.  Unfortunately, I have severe nasal congestion as a side effect which also keeps me up all night. If I don&#039;t take it, I can breathe, but my legs are jumping and jerking all night.  If I do take it, my nose feels like it&#039;s filled with cement.  Either way I can&#039;t sleep.  I guess it&#039;s back to the doctor to try something else."
"I&#039;ve only taken Xyzal for allergies, twice.  The first time I took 1 5 mg pill at 1700 hrs and by 2000 hrs, I was completely knocked out, as if I just had a meeting with Bill Cosby, knocked out.  According to my fitbit, I didn&#039;t move for 10 hours 15 min.  During the first three hours of the experience, I felt everything pop in my head and loosen up, but as that was going on my stomach became upset.  When I woke up in the morning it felt like it wore off.  I&#039;ve tried this medicine because Zyrtec cause mood swings that causes me to be the most unlikable person in my city and I live in DC.  I tried the medicine with a 1/2 dose the second night with the same side affects and the same intensity, but without the benefits and those last 8 hrs."
"I have been taking Apri for at least two years and have never had any problems with it. Some say it lowers sex drive but my sex life has stayed the same. This is the best pill I have taken. I have taken a lot of different kinds and I get serious headaches from taking the others. This is the only pill that I have had no side effects from. I only have my period for 2 days and they are very light. If you are in the market for a great birth control this is it. You will feel like normal and you wont have heavy periods. So take Apri."
"I&#039;ve been on 10 mg of Citalopram for 6 months. Honestly, I&#039;ve always been skeptical regarding anti-depressants (SSRIs), but once I quit being stubborn and finally started on this medication...just, thank goodness. Citalopram has essentially saved my life. I feel like the me I SHOULD be; as in, this drug didn&#039;t turn me emotionless/zombielike; it simply enhanced me and has brought me back to life. I&#039;m happier, more confident, and so thankful that I&#039;ve gotten myself out of an abyss of chronic sadness. I have experienced a few side effects such as SUPER vivid dreams and more difficulty self-lubricating before sex, but in the scope of things it&#039;s totally manageable. Also, I did NOT gain weight, so don&#039;t let that possibility scare you off!!"
"Exceptional."
"It works! Me and my husband stay in different cities and were meeting after 3 whole months. We were so into it that we didn&#039;t bother to get the condom lying in the closet. He thought he would pull it out at the correct time but he couldn&#039;t. I was terrified. My period was due in a week. I spent the night contemplating whether it was safe to take the pill because I never took it before. But we were not ready for a baby and so I took it the next morning, after almost 12hrs. I didn&#039;t experience any side effects as given on the package. My period got delayed by 3 days and finally got it yesterday. It&#039;s great so chill! Easy to say this now but those 3 days were hell. Better be safe!"
"While Hyzaar did lower my blood pressure to normal levels, I suffered from a respiratory problem typically at night time with a gasping for air reflex several times a night. Effective drug but for me, a scary side effect."
"I&#039;m 19 years old and started the patch 3 days ago. I took birth control pills for 3 years and recently had my Implanon removed after a year and a half with horrible, heavy periods and terrible mood swings. So far, the patch isn&#039;t affecting me terribly. I do have nausea in the mornings but nothing too terrible I just hope it ends soon. I will come back and post in a few months after I see how my body adjust to it."
"I have lost 3 years of college being victim of public speaking. Guys, please try this. I know how you feel but please TRY this. I just used that today in a school interview in France (in skype) , I was so scared. Imagine I woke up at 5 am and couldn&#039;t have more sleep because my heart was pumping so hard that I could easily heard it. I took 20 mg 2 hours before and another 20 mg 1 hour before. I became another person. I swear I was another person. No more anxiety, no more stress, no trembling voice, red face etc. I said to the prof: sorry but I am a little nervous because its my first interview on skype, while I was not at all nervous. It was just a part that I had learned and had to say lol.. This is a life saver for me"
"I am a 17 year old female who was diagnosed with ADD about 9 months ago. I had mainly B and C grades, I was scatter-brained, easily distracted, and extremely messy. Since I started Vyvanse at 30mg, I have bumped up to 40mg and I have no complaints. I have all A and B grades, I can focus on my school work, and get things accomplished in a reasonable amount of time. Only critisicm I have is the fact that is caused me to go from messy to borderline OCD. However, I like cleaning and I see it as a plus side to the medication. As is usual for ADD and ADHD medicines, I experience easy mood swings and sudden out bursts of anger, loss of appetite, and lack of sleep. However, overall I am extremely pleased as a high schooler who was struggling."
"While in Costa Rica an ichy skin condition that was developing for some time and which I did not know was fungus got worse. Went into a pharmacy and was recommended fluconizole. Within an hour the itchiness started to subside. By the next day there was visible improvement. By the end of the first week chronic Athlete&#039;s foot was mostly healed, as was jock itch. Got back to the states saw my doc, told him I wanted to continue with it to treat the nail fungus. He suggested a different drug. After a month I stopped seeing improvement. Switched back to fluconizole. 8 years later I have never gotten athletes foot again and I had it most of my life between two particular toes. It is as if I am permanently inoculated against fungus."
"My son is 7-1/2 and has been taking 20mg of Metadate CD for the past 4 months.  He started a new school this year, private school, and we had high hopes for him to succeed.  But within the first week of school the teacher was already reporting lack of focus and inability to work independently.  So the Doctor recommended a higher dosage.  We had just filled the prescription ($47/month) so I asked if we could simply double the dose instead of a new prescription of 30mg. Doctor was Okay with that so we did it over the weekend.  I saw a major difference at home, he sat in his room and played Lego&#039;s for over 3 hours, very focused on it.  But he was so quiet it scared me.  Today will be his first day in the classroom with 40 mg, I hope it works."
"I wouldn&#039;t use any other type of ADHD medication! Adderall &amp; many of the newer ADHD medications cause agitation &amp; symptoms that make my condition worse. If I didn&#039;t use Dexedrine, I wouldn&#039;t take medication to treat my ADHD! More people need to educate themselves, on how to treat ADHD. "
"I&#039;ve had Fibromyalgia for a long time and have tried all kinds of medicines from Percocet, Vicodin, Darvocet, Dilaudid, Muscle relaxers, Tramadol, Lyrica, Cymbalta, etc... I was on the Tramadol for about 6 years and was taking close to 300 pills a month (about 12 pills give or take a day) nothing was helping my pain enough and the hard medicines like Percocets, etc would work 50% for about 1 to 2 hours and my pain would be back! I finally got sick of it and told my doctor and he suggested &quot;Suboxone&quot;. It has been my miracle! It helped my pain level 70 to 80%! It also helped me to get through the withdrawals of not taking the narcotics! The only bad thing is going through withdrawals when you stop or run out of the Suboxone! But while on it it&#039;s great!"
"After two years on the pill, I decided to try this product as my method of birth control. 
Pros: 
- You don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill every single day
- You can&#039;t feel it when it&#039;s in
- You partner won&#039;t really feel it during sex after a few times
- It works! I have even left it in for up to four weeks to prevent my period from starting during an important event or a vacation
Cons:
- You may be very dry. I&#039;m not sure why but even when you are aroused it is difficult to &quot;self lubricate.&quot; But that&#039;s nothing some lube won&#039;t fix."
"the worst drug I have ever taken in my life! Withdrawal is hard work. I googled and read more about Cymbalta Discontinuation Syndrome Food and Drug administrationon "
"This company should be sued they sell nasal spray that you can&#039;t even open to use! Waste of money. My husband is ridiculous enough to buy this nasal spray again when we knew we always have a hard time opening the damn thing. And the nasal spray itself isn&#039;t as effective it doesn&#039;t spray it squirts lots of liquid when you give it a quick squeeze. Terrible"
"I have been on Loestrin 24 for the last month.  After fighting two miscarriages my body is back to good health.  I have yet to gain any weight and periods are more enjoyable than they have before.  My period lasst only three days and while on my period all I used was panty liner since my periods was so light.  As far as mood swings it comes and goes.  In my opinion, I think Loestrin is a great contraceptive pill.  I hope to continue to use it for the next five years."
"I started on 20 mg of latuda. I now take 80 mg at night after supper. I also take pristiq and lorazapam. I have been good for five Years on it. No bad side effects. I do go to bed and take the meds at the same every day."
"I&#039;m on a daily medication for migraines but still sometimes get one that will last for 3-4 days.  Nothing was working until I tried Treximet.  Migraine is gone within 30 minutes."
"37 and two little ones, both delivered via c-section. I have symptoms of Adenomyosis, so opted for an IUD since I had bad experiences with BC pills. Plus I want to avoid a hysterectomy in my 30s and 40s... No pain during insertion (just like a pap) and it stopped one of the worse periods I have ever had dead in its tracks (10/31/16). Literally no cramps or clots -- just a tiny little spotting. I hope to avoid some of the horrible side effects people list on the web, but so far so good! I would totally recommend this device!"
"It has definitely helped with depression and anxiety. But the withdrawal effects are horrible. If I forget to take a dose, I wake up SO groggy and out of it. I have these electric-like pains through my body, my vision becomes wavy, and I get a migraine."
"Chantix was the easiest way I could have imagined to quit my 30  year, 2 pack a day habit.  It took two rounds since I fell off the non-smoking wagon after the first attempt but I&#039;m now smoke free for over three years.  I had some vivid dreams but to be honest, I enjoyed them! :)"
"Found myself getting up 4-8 times a day and needing the toilet alot during the day. First prescribed 5mg and it done absolutely nothing so the doctor uped them to 10mg and still nothing except constipation. So ive stopped them and will just have to deal with it."
"I&#039;m a 55 year old male and have been on Inderal since I was in my late 20&#039;s. This medicine was perfect for me with little side effects. Some light-headedness at times, nausea was probably the worst side-effect. Inderal has become expensive over the years and sometimes hard to find. After insurance company changes forced me to try other blood pressure drugs, I ended up back on Inderal. Now it seems it is not as effective as it was before. No one (Doctor, Cardiologist, etc.) seems to know why. Increase in palpitations, blood pressure rising, side effects have become worse, etc. Doctor put me on Bystolic. We&#039;ll see how it goes. 
LESSON: If a medicine works for you and you&#039;ve been on it a long time, STAY ON IT. Don&#039;t let the insurance companies play with your health!"
"38yo female, suffered severe neck pain for about 5 years with no success in any type of treatment (massage, spinal reflex, nerve pain specialists etc.). I have spent a small fortune on my neck pain. I have finally self-diagnosed as osteoarthritis after feeling sand-like grit in my neck and a few internet searches. Thought I would try voltaren and magic. Only need to take 50mg once per day and no neck pain. Highly recommend."
"I have vestibular migraines or migrainous vertigo, I don&#039;t really suffer with headache pain, my symptoms affect my balance, my hearing and vision. I do take other medication for this (Amitriptyline), my neurologist recommended Maxalt wafers, I take this when I know my migraine is getting worse. I do feel the benefits of Maxalt, and only take Maxalt when necessary as they do make me feel groggy. 
I&#039;m not a fan of taking medication, but this does help my symptoms."
"I began having acne at age 20. Went to a ton of doctors was put on doxy for 6 months, lots of topicals, and accutane, and none of it worked. Five years later it turns out my testosterone levels were way too high and I have Polycystic ovarian syndrome. Gyno put me on 200mg a day. First month I was very nauseous and dizzy. I wanted to sleep all the time. It&#039;s been two months and the side effects are gone, but I&#039;m still breaking out. Hopefully it works after a couple more months. I suggest any adult acne sufferer try this out before you spend years trying things that are not effective. My acne scars are awful and I need dermabrasion now."
"It worked better than I had expected. The day following my first application, I was a normal human with normal armpits. A few days in a row of use, then roughly once a month. My sweating is under control. I&#039;ve maybe used it twice since the first six months. 3 yrs later, I keep the bottle around just in case I notice excess perspiration beginning agian."
"I do believe, as all of you have stated, that Accutane is by far, the best form of treatment for cystic acne. I am 43 years old. I didn&#039;t have acne as a teenager, but ended up getting it in my early thirties. I have been on and off Accutane for the past 13 years. It does work, however, in my unfortunate circumstance, it always comes back. My doctor tells me that there are a select group of women who don&#039;t get acne until they are in their thirties and forties. For many of the adults, 1,2,3, or even 4 courses of Accutane don&#039;t work without the acne coming back at some point. For me, I have to take a consistent low dose to keep the acne at bay."
"I&#039;ve been using the ring for more than 3yrs.  It&#039;s expensive but worth it to me because I no longer experience nausea, break through bleeding, or deal with having to take a pill every day. One personal drawback though, mine occasionally wants to slip out and having to reshape it and push it back in it gets to be a little annoying after a while."
"I&#039;ve had RLS since a child. I began on Carbadopa in the 1990&#039;s, but I quickly became used to it, and was switched to Sinemet about 2000. It works well, with no side effects. I&#039;m on a very low dose.

Like many others here, timing is everything and there are many other factors to consider:
- Take Sinemet at least 1/2 to 1 hour before you eat.
- Eat early (so food digests before you go to bed).
- Eat a light meal (heavy or spicy foods can amplify the symptoms of RLS).
- Refrain from drinking liquids about a hour before bed.
- Stress can aggravate RLS symptoms (try yoga or some other stress reduction activity).
- Adjust the room temperature to be comfortable.
- Maintain a healthy weight.
- Exercise!!!"
"Sominex helps me to get to sleep fast.  I can wake as I need and then return to sleep quickly."
"Using for acne and hormonal reasons, works well for skin clearing and regular periods. Does induce some spotting prior to menstrual cycle but others works great with no other side effects."
"I&#039;ve been taking trintellix for 3 months now. My doctor gave me samples for 2 1/2 months to try it out. It worked for me. No side effects, or nausea like some people have reported. At first my insurance denied coverage but after an appeal, I was covered. When I picked up my script it was 470$ I do feel a little extra sleepy at times, could be a side effect. But other than that I feel pretty good. However I still am not on anything for anxiety because they stopped giving benzos. I do take lamictal at night for my mood, but it&#039;s not enough. After trying at least 10 meds, I am pretty happy with this one."
"So far I havent experienced anything major. For the first 2 weeks the nausea was annoying and the tenderness of the breast, nothing unbearable though. Didn&#039;t experience any acne other than 1 or 2. I have gained a few pounds so far Taytulla is great!"
"Just started Linzess 290mcg yesterday morning and took another this morning both 30 mins before eating or drinking and so far no bowel movement at all. Still waiting...and it&#039;s 5 pm on the second day..  My gastro started me on this med as he is looking into my chronic pelvic pain. I usually &#039;go&#039; about 5 x week. And that has been the same my entire life. Hopefully soon..."
"I got my Skyla about a month ago and I gotta tell you, it hurt like crazy. I was confused when people said it hurt, but not enough to really be bothered by it. I felt there was something seriously wrong with mine because the severe pain from the insertion stayed for over a two weeks. It is finally starting to ease up, but I had to go to my gyno to find out why it hurt so bad. It turns out if you have endometriosis, like I do, you are pretty much screwed for the first month, or whenever your uterus decides to take it. I only paid my deductible so the thing itself was no cost to me. But all in all, it is a pretty useful little birth control. You just have to get through the pain."
"Have taken a very low dose 25-50 mg one hour before sleep for the past five years. After having been an insomniac since elementary school and having tried every drug on the market that never worked, I now consider myself an ex-insomniac because of using Seroquel."
"The only pain medication that has worked for me and I have severe rheumatoid arthritis and a spine condition."
"My husband took victoza and metformin together as recommended by his diabetic nurse. He had always been on  metformine but as soon as he started taking victoza my husband started feeling sick, stomach cramps and getting eggy burbs. This would happen once a month for the whole yr he took it. He&#039;d take time off work being sick because if the sickly symptoms.  I&#039;m so convinced that this is what gave my husband cancer of the upper stomach and esophagus. His life was was taken away from him too soon (42 yrs old) leaving behind a broken and devastated wife, 2yr old and at the time a 6month old baby.  Did  anyone else has experience  anything like this?"
"Lithium provides a ton of stability for ultra-rapid cyclers.  The drawbacks are it interacts with almost everything in certain ways and it is fairly hard on the liver.  My primary care physician and psychiatrist work together to try to provide options that won&#039;t affect my liver as much as a result.  Because of the amount of stability it provides, I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll ever be able to go off of it.  I may be able to lower it by trying changes to other things.  But it just works too well at giving stability.  I don&#039;t like when the pharmacist says it out loud because it&#039;s a dead giveaway of what you&#039;re taking it for.  "
"I was on this for about six months. I used to have periods that lasted six days at a time and I would have a long time in between. I&#039;ve also always been small and have trouble gaining weight. I&#039;ve never had acne. As soon as I went on this I broke out and gained eight pounds even though I was eating less and exercizing more and have been emotionally unavailable. In the beginning my skin broke out but that changed after three months. My period still last as long but now its slightly heavier and I get it nearly twice as often. However, I have to give it a seven because my fiance and I have unprotected sex and I am not pregnant. I have had slight breast tenderness but that has also gone away for the most part."
"Type 1 diabetes for 33 years.  I try to take meticulous control of my diabetes but it is always difficult to control my blood sugars.  Having tried both Lantus and Levemir, and not wanting to go on a pump again, I tried Tresiba.  Tresiba is just like being on a pump, except for my required injuections of novolog before food intake.  Sugars consistently run in the low 100s to 125.  Now I feel like my blood sugar needs to be corrected if it gets to 170.  On both Lantus and Levemir I would&#039;ve been content with a reading of 170.  Tresiba is like being on a pump without the pump.  It will take at least 8 days to get your Tresiba dosage correct, do not give up.  My sugars were in the 300s while converting from Levemir to Tresiba."
"The side effects. Today I went to the Dr with symptoms of cloudy urine and frequent urination. I was diagnosed with a bladder infection and I was prescribed Macrobid, 2x po daily for 5 days. I&#039;ve taken this medication before for a UTI and I was fine, but for some reason, I took this pill 2 hours ago and already I feel the sensation to gag every time a breathe in. This kind of nausea feels detestable. I&#039;m so uncomfortable. I also got severe back pain and tight chest out of nowhere. I can&#039;t believe this."
"I have suffered with generalized anxiety disorder and social anxiety disorder since I can remember. I got prescribed these at 50mg 3 weeks ago. The first few days I got a horrible cold nausea feeling in the pit of my stomach, I had no appetite and I noticed straightaway that it took me longer to orgasm.

3 months into them, I still feel anxious, but for the first time since I can remember I was able to present to a group without shaking, losing my voice and my heart beating rapidly. It almost feels like a small weight has been lifted which gives you that control back over my thoughts. I was able to say &#039;put your best into it. You will be fine&#039; and I believed it. 

This is only a small step to overcoming my anxiety but this medication has helped me a lot."
"I have tried literally every migraine medicine: Maxalt, Zomig, codeine. I have had migraines for 9 years now and have used Axert for one year. Sometimes it works very well with just one dose combined with Toradol. I have had no side effect with Axert. I use also 50 mg of Topiramate at night before bed. In the Fall weather I have had migraines daily and I am using two doses of Axert (12.5 mg) and probably not waiting a full 24 hours for the next dose. I am now getting Botox injections in the forehead, both sides of the temple and back of the neck. This is a 100cc of Botox every 3 months at $400 a pop. I need to find some relief!"
"The medicine was effective and I was beginning to see improvement in my nail after a few months, then started having painful redness, blisters, itching and swelling. It is miserable. I&#039;ve stopped using it until all these side effects go away. I&#039;m very disappointed in having to stop using Jublia as it was really beginning to get rid of the fungus. Before I knew what was causing these problems, I asked my dermatologist if it could be the medicine and he said he&#039;d never had a patient to have these side effects using it. I found out on my own that it was the Jublia."
"I had been to the dermatologist for treatment to my lower lip diagnosed as Actinic Keratosis. Initially, he sprayed it with Liquid nitrogen and prescribed Solaraze gel. I used this gel for about  2 months twice daily on the lip. I must mention that there absolutely no effect of this medication on my lip. A total waste of money if you don&#039;t have insurance as it can be quite expensive without it. 

Then I was prescribed all sort of other creams which was nothing but a waste of money on moisturizers. Don&#039;t feel bad to question the dermatologist as to what the cream does and whether it will cure you. The most essential treatment for single or isolated AKs is  cryotherapy - liquid nitrogen spray."
"I dont have PCOS however i have horrid dark and very coarse hair on my chin and under it since I was a teenager. I have to shave every day,being a woman it is such a horrible feeling. I feel embarassed in bright sunshine and dread the summer months. I have had lazer, and didnt work. I thought nothing would help so i got the courage to go to my doctor who perscribed me Vaniqua one week ago today. I dont want to jinx it but i think its starting to work already. I usually shave in the morning and by nighttime in bed i can usually feel the stubble through again but the past few nights its been smooth with a small bit through in the morning. Its still bumpy underneath but its only been a week so im hoping it keeps working! Will update again soon"
"I got the pills for free at Planned Parenthood. They were effective in the aspect that I never got pregnant, but the side effects were pretty horrible. I had clear skin all my life, but when I got on the pill I suffered from bad acne. I gained about ten pounds, a full cup size, and I felt constantly bloated. By the third month, I started suffering anxiety and depression. This medicine changed my personality and really messed with my head. After quitting, I&#039;ve finally started to get my life back and my anxiety is going away. I personally don&#039;t think these pills are worth the side effects."
"I am a teenager and have lost 5 pounds in TWO days, I only take Contrave in the morning (because it&#039;s my first week of course) I constantly feel tired and sick, I never feel hungry and I have to make myself eat, starting to wonder if this is even safe for me!"
"Please be careful. After being on this high estrogen based pill, I am 36 and just diagnosed with breast cancer. The non hormonal IUD would probably be better. Having ten kids would be better."
"This is my first night taking gap and I can&#039;t sleep. I took it at 9 it is now 12 I&#039;m going to keep trying it for a few more days I will let you all know."
"I would be in bed all day without this medicine. I have tried A LOT of pain pills and never really got much relief. I have A.L.S. and this medicine has made me be able to get up and do things, which I wasn&#039;t able to do before I was on this medicine. I could not even get out of bed without such bad pain. At least now I can enjoy what time I have with my family without being in such severe pain and still I have pain even with Oxycontin I never get pain free but it is tolerable with this drug. It was not even tolerable with others I have tried in the past."
"It really helped me out. I used to be on the regular Fioricet and then my migraines got worse and the dr changed me to the Fioricet with codiene. I like this one much better, however it gives me a strange feeling after about 30 min. It&#039;s not a bad feeling but its waaawaaa is the best decription. It helps control my migraines though. I don&#039;t have many side effects except constipation."
"I was into withdrawal one and a half days when I started shaking and feeling anxious. Having already had several seizures due to alcohol I went to my GP who prescribed Librium.  Symptoms almost stopped completely after 1 day and after that no symptoms at all.  Don&#039;t try to stop yourself it&#039;s dangerous and could cost you your life."
"I had suffered from anxiety and depression (suicidal grade) since I was a boy.  I first began taking anti-depressants at age 12. My doctor had a chart in her office about low T, it listed 10 symptoms. I had all 10. I asked her to prescribe it. So, she did all of the required tests. I was within the average range. 7 years later same results, I am now 48. Finally in January of 2014, I said that I would chance any side effect. My tests had come back normal yet again. But, she did prescribe it. I woke up on day 14 with NO depression or anxiety. What can I say, 48 years of existing and my brain chemistry is now great. My energy level is incredible and depression simply doesn&#039;t happen. It is quite a miracle. Get it!"
"Its so painful. And not a good hurt, just plain painful. So unbearable you may pass out. The terrible itch and burn in a place you should never feel. I&#039;m hoping this pain is only because its working. Best advice, go to bed immediately after inserting and hopefully the pain doesn&#039;t wake you."
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for over three weeks and the side effects are horrible. I&#039;ve gained 10 lbs in just these three weeks. I&#039;ve been bloating really bad and thought I was pregnant. I originally got on this pill for mainly my acne and the pill made it worse. I&#039;ve woken up with terrible migraines and being nauseous. My moods swings are bad and sometimes I&#039;m depressed because of the weight gain. I couldn&#039;t ride my horse the soreness of my breasts were terrible. I&#039;m thinking about getting off this pill and trying a difference one."
"First I started on 40mg and I guess my body got used to it.  I had to go up to 60mg and everything started getting better.  Then, my Dr. told me he had to take me back down to 40mg because a warning was released that anything over 40mg could cause a malfunction with the electrical signals in the heart.  I am back on 40mg and things are progressively getting back to where they were to start with.  I think I need to change medicines."
"I recently switched from LoEstrin 21 to Trinessa. It has only been a month exactly, but I have zero complaints so far. Totally cleared all my acne that I continuously got from my last birth control pill and absolutely no breakthrough bleeding as well. I was nervous to switch after reading many negative reviews but it is the best switch I made. I am much happier on it, and haven&#039;t gained any weight on Trinessa."
"I started on July 19 and to date absolutely no weight loss. My appetite has been cut dramatically but I am seeing no results. I am eating healthy 95 % and working out but nothing. Not sure why my doctor says to continue I am now on my second box. What am I doing wrong? ??"
"This medicine is a life saver.  I was diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder in the spring of 2011, and I was on 30mg for a year.  The only side effect I had was lack of sex drive/ability.  Because of this, I weaned off it, and all of my anxiety and panic attacks came back.  I was miserable for about 2 months until I went back on it.  I&#039;ve tried Zoloft, Remeron, and Wellbutrin, but Lexapro is the only one that worked for me.  I had zero panic attacks on Lexapro and enjoyed life.  I am currently back on 10mg and will be moving up to 20mg shortly.

Everyone&#039;s experience differs with these kinds of medicines, but my advice is: stay on it.  The first few weeks might be rough, but as long as the side effects aren&#039;t terrible, give it time."
"Prednisone helps shrink my bulging back disc and provides full relief that lasts until I do something foolish again.  I have taken a full regimen 3 times in the last 4 years"
"I&#039;ve had super clear skin until the last week of eighth grade! Now it&#039;s summer and I needed something to help my sudden breakout before high school. My doctor recommended Epiduo. At first, I was using it twice a day because I thought it would get rid of the acne faster. It didn&#039;t. I couldn&#039;t wear makeup because my skin was dry and peeling and way discolored. So I stopped for about 3 days and just moisturized. My acne got a little worst after that. I am 5 days past the 1 month mark and my skin is actually just starting to clear up. I used it once a day at night with the Cetaphil face wash. I only have it in the middle of my forehead near my hairline and on my cheeks. I was getting very discouraged, but the medicine needs about 3 months."
"Hi everyone I am 27 years old with an 18 month old little girl. My starting weight was 191 and I&#039;m 5&#039;4.  I started taking phen on 8-1-15 so 1 week ago and I&#039;m already down to 182. I am also working out 4 days a week and trying my best to eat healthy. Hoping for 60 more pounds to be at my pre baby weight. Wish me luck "
"I have been on this birth control since I was 16, I am now 21. I was not sexually active til 17. I didn&#039;t really have any interest in sex until I was 19, referring to sex drive.
Depo was the best decision I ever made the first 3 years, then my body starting having random cramps from time to time. I could be walking and I would have to stop for 2 minutes. I wouldn&#039;t move. I would have discharge. I had 2 day periods for 2 years every 3 months right before my next shot .. Now I&#039;ll spot for  a couple weeks. I started at 112 now I&#039;m 121 . I never had a problem with gaining weight. I&#039;m still not pregnant. So I&#039;ll stay on this because the pros outweigh the cons."
"Works kinda well but you will sleep like nonstop and you will gain weight. I gained at least 30 pounds on this med and was sleeping like 14 hours a day."
"After my hysterectomy, I took Premarin , in fact for 7 years I took it for hot flashes, but my Doctor changed my  medication to  Cenestin : I was weary at first because I suffered miserably with extreme hot flashes, soaking sweats, sleeplessness: But Cenestin started working within 2 days after I started on it. I had no more soaked bed sheets and hair, and I felt like myself  all over again:  Only Better. And Censtin is all natural, no side effects for me. Insurance covers my Cenestin for now, but later I will have to pay out of pocket, which is very expensive, but well worth every penny to me for the comfort and peace of mind I now have. Thank You Cenestin."
"I&#039;ve been taking Ultram for nerve pain related to a herniated and degenerative disc. I tried opioid narcotics with NO relief. I could barely walk around and could not sit. Within 45 minutes my pain dropped from a 8/10 to 3/10. After a couple of days my pain was 1/10. The only side effect I experienced was slight dry mouth. It works great!!"
"Wish I would&#039;ve listened to the reviews I read. 
This this is sent from hell, created by Satan himself. I&#039;ve had it in for 3 weeks and already seeing horrible side effects most women didn&#039;t see until they had it in for months. I&#039;m always tired. Always hungry. It hurts my whole arm that it&#039;s in. It&#039;s caused achy joints in my knees. Constipation leaving me with awful bloating and gassy pain in my stomach. It still feels bruised. My sex drive is completely gone and I can&#039;t even have an orgasm anymore. I have no interest in my boyfriend and this all started a week after this thing was in. 
I&#039;m calling to get it removed today. I can&#039;t stand it anymore and it&#039;s not going to ruin my life. Try it if you dare, but I would not recommend it."
"Been on sulfasalazine for 3 years, for me the first 2 weeks were hard on the stomach. Felt like I was going to vomit all the time but never did, it was slow to have the effect maybe  a month, but after that it has been good. Still get flare up the odd time. It is inexpensive compared to the other medications."
"I had suffered with mild depression for quite a few years, The Dr. had prescribed several anti-depressants over the years, with mild effectiveness, so I stopped taking them. When I was in my mid 30&#039;s, I had an episode where I thought I was having a heart attack. After going to the ER, I was diagnosed with having panic disorder. I was totally embarrassed and thought I was being a hypocondriac. These panic attacks continued on and on. I had enough, and told my Dr. about it. She prescribed Lexapro. I reluctantly took it, thinking it would be like the others.I was totally wrong. I finally felt like my true self....not afraid, or anxious and no more panic attacks! I can finally live my life without fear. So thankful for this medication."
"I have Hep C genotype 2 and was prescribed solvaldi and rib; solvaldi once a day rib 3 in morning then 3 at night.. 4 weeks into tx my viral load is undetected!!! The nurse advised even tho this is the best possible outcome, to keep up the meds for the remaining 2 months , I think, gladly !"
"I have been on this only a short time with no side effects and my breathing has improved so much. I believe I can shortly be taken off of prednisone for the first time in 30 months using this along with Brovana and budesonide. No need to say I am thrilled. Now just need to get my insurance to help pay for this."
"I was prescribed this to help with RA and Periphreal Neuropathy in my feet. My script is 50mg, I take one at night. I also take Gabapentin 300mg at night. The pain is much better, but I have horrible hangovers. I don&#039;t know which is the problem, but I don&#039;t want to stop because my pain is tolerable now. "
"I started using Nuvaring a year ago and finally decided to take it out a month ago. It was my boyfriend who finally pointed out that maybe my extreme mood swings that coincidentally started when I began using the ring could be attributed to it. I would cry and become angry literally every time I had my period, I have always been somewhat emotional when my period started but never like I have been in the past year. I started using it right when we began dating, and I attributed my extreme dryness to getting older (I&#039;m 21). Right when I took it out I was back to normal again. Pro&#039;s: my breasts grew a cup size, my face was clear, and I loved not having to think about taking a pill every day. Con&#039;s: No sex drive, dryness, crazy mood swings."
"I had knee surgery in 2001. The surgeon screwed up a nerve and I have been in chronic pain (24/7) since. Vicodin works better than anything else I&#039;ve tried, including morphine. Without it, I am in pain and can&#039;t sleep at night. I can now understand why people commit suicide because they can&#039;t take the pain anymore."
"I have extremely bad anxiety and it makes me panic daily and depression, Before this drug i have tried so many other ones that did nothing at all! I was giving up hope on finding something that would work for me until my doctor prescribed me this. I started out low at first but im now on 20mg and even when i started low it did wonders, I use to not be able to talk about it without panicking but within a week after taking it i could actually talk about it and think straight. Thinking back before i was on it to where im at now its like a who new world, I defenitely recommend this."
"My foot was severely broken in a auto accident and my doctor prescribed 5/325 norco 1 to 2 every 4 hours. The pain is so bad all I can do is moan. The doctor is a young buck and apparently doesn&#039;t understand the pain I&#039;m having."
"Seems like it&#039;s working as birth control. My skin looks very good on it, kind of velvety and with 50% less break outs. I&#039;ve gotten comments about how good I look, and even my body seems to have a more feminine shape to it, larger breasts, smaller stomach, it must have gotten rid of all my free testosterone.  But I also got extremely dehydrated on this medication, so be sure you hydrate and replace all your electrolytes. I also had a period that lasted 12 days, which was super annoying. So my advice, when taking this is to be extra careful with your daily routine, sleep routine, food, drinking, exercise. Really stick to your routine and if something is off, see your doctor."
"I&#039;ve tried many prescriptions for migraines. Maxalt is the only thing that works for me 99% of the time (I can&#039;t remember the last time I had to take a second dose for it to take effect). Within 1 hour of taking it, my migraine goes away. Nothing else comes close to this effectiveness for me.  I normally do get one side effect - but it&#039;s one I&#039;ve actually come to welcome. It makes me drowsy - but after having a migraine, I look forward to going to sleep as fast as possible and just sleep away the migraine as the medicine works its way through my system."
"I have tried Chantix 3 times, each time with worsening side effects.  While it does help me not to smoke, I have experienced severe constipation, slight nausea (no problem if taken with food) and some vivid dreams.  After reviewing others comments, I may give it another go with a lower dosage."
"Found out in April of 2013 I had AIDS was hospitalized with PCP. Started out with a CD4 count of 42 viral load of 825,000 then dropped to 179,000 being on antibiotics then just before starting Stribild my CD4 was 94 and a viral load of over 2,2 million. Was on the meds for just one month and my CD4 count is at 494 and a viral load of 1896. I&#039;m so pleased with Stribild no real bad side effects."
"Do not take this product if you think you have an irritation or ulcer in your colon. It works for about 4 hours (had about 5 to 7 visits to the toilet). In the 5th hour (11PM), I start getting intense pain in my lower right abdomen where the colon is located. The pain was so severe that I was not able to lay down. I could sit to ease the pain somewhat but still could not fall asleep. I stood periodically to ease the pain, but basically had a sleepless night. I decided not to take the second dose at 5AM for fear the pain would be even worse.  I was not able to have the colonoscopy as a result."
"first time to take borth control pills.. today was my first pill of micronor and after taking the pill by 6 hrs .. I started to get a lot of cramps but even more that I used to get with my period.. I don t know if this will continue or no ... I will take it for few more days and if this continued i will stop."
"I started taking Contrave Jan 2016.  I lost about 10lbs within 3 months.  I&#039;ve been on/off it several times over the last 1.5 years.  It seems to work in the beginning (1st month) but then your body becomes adjusted to it.  10lbs is not worth the side effects and heart risks.  I&#039;ve heard this crazy stories of folks losing upwards of 35lbs in 3 months.  Definitely didn&#039;t work that well for me.  Save your money and try eating less and exercising more."
"I took the first pill this morning. This is the first time in years that I didn&#039;t fall asleep in church! I can&#039;t wait to go to school Monday morning to see if I get sleepy and doze off in class. Provigil could be one of the best things that ever happened to me!"
"Had my first shot about a week ago. I have major pain in my joints (elbows and knees), hot flashes and night sweats. But honestly so far so good. I am no longer feeling the horrible endometriosis pain. Will update more once I&#039;m further in. Plan as of now is to do 6 months of Lupron and see if my Fallopian tubes have less swelling and inflammation as my husband and I would love a baby of our own. Good luck to all. This is not easy. But I am hoping it will be worth it."
"DO NOT use this! FAR too concentrated and you will BURN! I woke up in absolute throbbing pain and I was swollen. I went to the ER and I have a high pain tolerance. They ultimately could not do much as douching or flushing would only potentially push the cream deeper, but a warm compress, Benadryl, and ibuprofen seemed to help me. It&#039;s 24 hours after insertion now and I&#039;m 90% back to the way I was before I took it. Will NEVER recommend this to anyone."
"After spending my whole life with GERD and suffering from it in ways I hadn&#039;t even noticed at the time, this drug was amazing. The only annoying part was that I could feel it, almost like a blockage in the base of my throat when I took it, but that was a small price to pay for the ability to eat/drink whatever I wanted and not have to chew on Tums later. I think it had actually been prescribed for GERD-related bronchial spasms (though I&#039;m not positive), and those went away as well. I was completely ecstatic while I was using this, though!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Miralax as I was told take daily for my chronic bowel constipation which always resulted in blockage. I recently saw a commercial for Lizness and decided to research it on my own. I saw my physician and they let me try it for 30 days only because of the severity ofmy blockages to see a gastro dr.  I have been on it now for 4 days and this is the best I&#039;ve felt in 11 years since my bowel was damaged in surgery in error.  I finally feel hope for my physical future."
"Within a few days of starting on a daily dose of 5mg I began having gas to the point that it was embarrassing and had trouble falling asleep every night.  Gave up on Glipizide after a month and focused on eating better and getting more exercise instead."
"At first it was like a temporary quick fix. My hands would be dry, but when I got nervous I would feel the tingling sensation in my hands like they always do before they sweat, and they sweat. I put it on every night but it doesn&#039;t seem to work, going to the doctors today to take pills instead."
"I&#039;ve been on Minastrin for 6 months now. I went from very heavy painful long lasting periods to none at all. I haven&#039;t had any side effects except breast tenderness once a month. I love this pill. They say give your bdy at least 3 months to adjust. So maybe just stick it out for a while and see what happens. As for me I WILL be sticking with this pill."
"I&#039;ve been on hydrocodine 10/235mg for years and my orthopedic changed me to subutex (generic) I was taking 8 Senokot-s a day for at least 3 days so I could get a small movement and it was hard very hard to get out. So I was told by MD and Pharmacy to try and take Movantik 25mg and now I&#039;m being told to take both Movantik 25 with 2 or 4 Senokot-s cause Movantik isn&#039;t working by itself. Anyone else having this problem? I&#039;m on a high fiber diet and I&#039;m drink exactly 140 oz water a day everyday? I rated Movantik 25mg a (3) out of kindness cause I think it needs to be lower."
"Had heart attack 12/15/2016 and put on Brilinta 90mg twice a day, plus 81mg Aspirin once a day. I experienced shortness of breath, and a cough. Went to see my Cardiologist, he says the shortness of breath will get better, and the cough is not related to the Brilinta. Recently I started feeling soreness on the tops of my hands I press on the veins, and soreness increases. I have now developed large bruises on the top of both hands, with slight swelling.  My vision also has changed,  bluryness in my left eye, I see no documentation that this is a side effect. Anyone else have this?"
"The Haldol worked great for controlling my Tourette&#039;s, but it came with too many side effects so I had to switch.  I gained ten pounds in the first week of use which tapered off after around three weeks, but the restlessness was unbearable.  I was put on Cogentin for it but then my vision became blurry and could not see anything within eighteen inches.  It was horrible."
"Lyrica works! "
"I was prescribed this for paranoid Psychosis and depression. At first I was to take a half of a 100mg tablet at night for a week then raise to the whole pill.  After taking the half the first night at eight and feeling drunk I decided this might not be for me so I cut the half in half and take a quarter pill a night.  It has helped me sleep and seems to curve my over thinking things and thinking that every comment or conversation on social media is about me.  I think also by getting off social media altogether it also helped my situation.  But overall good medication, it&#039;s the only thing I take."
"Best anti-depressant I&#039;ve been on. Before taking this I have tried Celexa and Lexapro. My depression is little to none and I have so much more energy. My main negative side effects to this have been dry mouth and difficulty falling asleep. And yes it totally curbs your appetite. I ended up going off of it for 3 months after losing my health insurance and gained 10 pounds."
"My Doctor put me on Gabapentin after my neck surgery for nerve damage. I couldn&#039;t take it. It caused strange out of body experiences. He next tried Lycia and no problems. Actually I feel much much better taking the Lycia. It doesn&#039;t completely get rid of the pain but it does make it bearable."
"It worked great on my Hyper-Mobility Syndrome! (All of my joints are &quot;double-jointed&quot;) Which causes chronic pain for years &amp; gets worse with age. The only side effect I&#039;ve had is constipation. With Avinza I actually have a better quality of life!"
"The pain from this medication is so much worse than any kind of infection could ever be. I want to smack the pharmacist for recommending it. Terrible burning and itching. No way I will sleep tonight "
"I&#039;ve only had the implant for a little over a month.. I got it June the 6th.. Since then I&#039;ve bleed for 24 days on end.. Light spotting which I hate.. Also my skin has begin to break out as well.. Not really big bumps but little annoying ones.. That keep popping up each day.. Makes me wanna go see my dermatologist again. I&#039;ve also had mood swings as well.. Which I already suffered from.. I think it&#039;s getting worse too.. No weight gain. I work out pretty regularly. Imma try it for just one more month and if these side effects don&#039;t stop or at least get better I will have it removed. The only real plus is that I haven&#039;t got pregnant and I have sex pretty often.. So I guess it&#039;s serving its only real purpose."
"It did nothing for me and the doctors wouldn&#039;t take me off it."
"As far as the medicine doing what it is supposed to do, it&#039;s great.  It dries acne (even severe acne, in my case).  Unfortunately, it also caused me to have systemic side effects - rare, but they do happen.  I developed ringing in my ears and had to stop using it.  After a month I tried using it again, and the ringing returned.  I&#039;ve been keeping careful track of my usage of it and the episodes of ringing in my ear, and they match.  I&#039;m probably one in a thousand that this has happened to, but being a musician, I need to be able to hear.  My dermatologist and I will be meeting next week to discuss this and see if there are any other options for me."
"The only antibiotic that promptly and consistently resolves my chronic bronchitis."
"I began to have issues maintaining an erection due to medications I take for other health issues.  I am young and it is extremely embarrassing.  My wife was also unfulfilled and unhappy that we were not being intimate very often.  

I asked my doctor for help and he gave me Cialis.  5mg to start. It works amazingly well. Once you get the desire you get a nice long lasting erection. 
I highly recommend Cialis. The only side effect I have experienced is soreness. But that&#039;s because of all the sex and not because of the Cialis."
"I have just applied this once to my underarms works great ! Only problem is that I experienced burning and itching the first night I applied it haven&#039;t applied it since and now my underarms are peeling and burn and feel irritated in the morning when I put on a shirt and put my arms down maybe it was because I used to much at first I&#039;m not sure and I haven&#039;t used it since I don&#039;t know what I should do has anyone had this experience ?"
"It worked for me in just 1 month, and I had no bad side effects besides dry lips and red eyes. You just take a pill for a few months and your acne melts away. Please do this if your acne is bothering you. Its so depressing to have acne, and Accutane can change your life around. Talk to your doctor today! "
"5 years"
"Wonderful experience. 59 years old and the first pill was 100mg- I was 20 again. Very hard erection and I experienced great sex with my wife. Cost is expensive and my insurance did not cover. On the second try I cut the 2nd pill in half and had a great time. Felt the flushing but it was a mild after effect or symptom. I want to try a different erectile dysfunction medication. I take a statin and with age my erection was diminishing. With Viagra I get a very hard erection that lasts. "
"Super fast and the best to clearing pimples. So worth using! I always watch what products what I use on my face and I tried this cream and it was so fast at clearing breakouts and acne. It dried out the breakouts and surprisingly didn&#039;t break me out more. This product is so perfect! The 2 samples I had cleared my face within the week! It may dry out your face a bit, nothing extreme! Using it in the morning is best I think and also is okay to wear with your makeup over it."
"Update lost 7 lbs since 9/1/17"
"I have been taking this for a little over a month now. Not satisfied yet. I have had ALOT of spotting happening, I get cramps (of which was something I was trying to NOT get) which still causes me to take my pain medication, I also have had the worst acne I have ever had in my whole life. I have never had it this badly. If after 3 months nothing has changed. I will be done with this product and onto another. I have a wedding in a week and am sad to say this pill caused my skin to look like this. So much for flawless skin on my day and honeymoon."
"I have been off of my Vyvanse for 5 months now in a trade with my physician to help lose weight. I started out at 260. Each month my doctor would come up with an excuse to not put me on Phentermine. The other day she mentioned how this could not be taken along side with Vyvanse. I reminded her that I gave that up months ago in order to get something for weight loss. I have back injuries, require right hip replacement and double knee replacement. They said I was not a candidate for any replacements due to my weight, the weight I gained waiting for Phentermine. Now I weigh 319 and can barely get around. Thanks Doc!!! I pray this helps me!"
"It seems a lot of women are allergic to this or something because this worked for me and provided me relief from the bad itching. I&#039;m finished with the 3rd use and have no more symptoms."
"The medicine was effective and I was beginning to see improvement in my nail after a few months, then started having painful redness, blisters, itching and swelling. It is miserable. I&#039;ve stopped using it until all these side effects go away. I&#039;m very disappointed in having to stop using Jublia as it was really beginning to get rid of the fungus. Before I knew what was causing these problems, I asked my dermatologist if it could be the medicine and he said he&#039;d never had a patient to have these side effects using it. I found out on my own that it was the Jublia."
"After experiencing post-mastectomy nerve pain and post-chemo neuropathy, Cymbalta truly changed my quality of life."
"Vivarin for my hypersomnia worked better than taking amphetamines for wakefulness."
"Pain reduction with memory loss. I&#039;ve been on Lyrica 4 yrs and take 450 mg a day for fibromyalgia, migraines, and nerve damage. Also on Fentanyl pain patch, Norco, and Flexeril daily for herniated discs C3-C7, T3, L1.  Lyrica significantly improves my pain and migraine recurrance; however, it is likely the cause of memory loss and slower thought process. I teach high school and college courses, am the parent of five young adults, and am sole breadwinner and insurance provider. I intend to reduce my Lyrica and pray I can manage increased pain better than memory loss or dementia, two common side effects of Lryica. Female, 53 yrs. Check Pfizer patient assistance programs on web to defray costs. I got free Lyrica when needed. No weight gain."
"Have been on alesse for over 12 years now. Started the pill because I had very painful and irregular periods. Since being on the pill I have been like clock work and have very light and much less painful periods. No mood swings to report or any other side effects. Although everyone is different, I have nothing but good things to say about this birth control."
"I have more headaches than usual and I am always bloated and hungry with non-stop cravings. The only good thing is that my periods go from light to barely there. I love that aspect. I never had any skin issues so that was not my concern. I take pills to regulate my cycle, which it does. But I can do without the headaches and weight gain."
"Since I&#039;m on Zoloft I am calm and lovely person every day of every month. Before I was put on Zoloft every two weeks It was living hell for me and others around me  with my mood changes. I was fighting with everybody, crying. I was depressed and miserable."
"My only complaint is that my period has NOT ended and I&#039;m on day 11.  Who wants to bleed for 11 days and counting?!  I&#039;m going to my OB/GYN this week and will ask her to switch the pill.  I haven&#039;t had any other side effects; no cramps, no weight gain, no acne, just abnormal lengthy bleeding."
"I took this medication because I was diagnosed h1n1 type a via swab in nose. I tried to heL my self with homeopathic medicine unfortunately it did not work. I was prescribed tama flu in after the 2 pill day 2 I felt 75 percent better. No side affects for me so far and my body is super sensitive to meds. Glad I started taken this on day 3. It&#039;s very pricey but I&#039;d rather pay that then feel as bad as I did."
"I was prescribed Exalgo by my physician about 3 weeks ago. I&#039;ve been a long term pain management patient, and we decided to make a change. I had been taking Avinza. I am not certain that the mgs are equal, but the Exalgo doesn&#039;t come close to helping as much as the Avinza. I take as directed, each medicine is to be taken before bedtime, and since I have switched to Exalgo, there have been many sleepless nights. Maybe the dosage is not enough. This will be discussed with my physician. "
"I had a nervous breakdown last year. Thought death was imminent and I would go to hell. My psychiatric CNP would not prescribe benzos. I was completely terrified, like a 2 month long panic attack. Went to the ER twice. They gave me ativan and I felt blissful relief.  Right back to the terror the next day.  I have a prescribing psychologist now who would give it to me if I needed it. But finally got prescribed clonazepam. It was okay but not nearly as good as the ativan. I used it for a while until the morbid dread subsided, had no rebound problems. Maybe if I took it for months on end I would. But nothing but benzos worked for me."
"I suffer from migraines and also have difficulty falling and staying asleep.  Following. A sleep study my doctor put me on Zanaflex to help me fall asleep faster and reduced random leg movements during the night.  I took for it about a month and it really helped me sleep although I did have a groggy feeling in the morning that was hard to shake off.   However, it aggravated my migraines so that instead of getting them 2 or 3 times a year, I got a migraine every week during the month I was taking Zanaflex, so unfortunately I had to stop taking it."
"I was diagnosed with an arteriovenous malformation (AVM) in my left parietal part of my brain in 2015 after I had a stroke at 21. I had it removed in 2016. I was on dilantin and it made me feel horrible. After my surgery in the hospital I had a seizure 3 times and they came in increments of 3. I was then put on Keppra with Dilatin. No good. My moods went crazy. Then they switched me to Lamical with a low dose of dilantin eventually weaning off of the dilantin. I was put on 400 mg of lamictal. Just recently I had a bad seizure and now they increased my does to 600mg. It is working but I feel very disconnected and spacey. Its helping with seizures but not liking the side effects. I am now looking into a device called Responsive neurostimulation (RSN). looking for alternatives but so far lamical works"
"I started taking Adipex-P on October 21, 2012. My starting weight was 267 and I&#039;m a 5&#039;2&quot; 22 year old female. When I went back to the doctor 6 weeks later I weighed in at 247... so 20 lbs in 6 week. I almost started crying in the doctor&#039;s office. I have never in my life been told that I had lost a good amount of weight (maybe just a pound or two at checkups which probably had mostly to do with clothing or water weight). The second time I went back I weighted in at 231. Totaling 36lbs. All of which I wasn&#039;t exercising. I had dry mouth a lot and no interest in food what so ever. Now on my home scale about a month since weighing in last time I am down to about 225. 42lbs in 21 weeks =)"
"don&#039;t use this product it burns and continues to burn for days ....."
"I&#039;ve been taking Necon 1/35 for almost 2 months now and so far I have experienced acne (which I&#039;ve never had before), weight gain, Breast growth (I was already a double D Before), and crying spells. I think the worst is the weight gain and cryin spells. This medicine has helped tremendously with my irregular heavy periods though. I now have shorter periods and only once a month. I&#039;m going to continue taking this for another month and then I may consult my doctor."
"I would not do without it.  It has helped me now for over 3 years along with Tramadol. I can hardly walk in the mornings but after I take my medicines I can walk, run, dance, etc. Like I said, I need the Celebrex in my life or I&#039;m no good."
"I had been up all night coughing. I took only 2.5 ml of the syrup because I was nervous about codeine. It helped quite a bit. I didn&#039;t cough as much. However, I do have a headache in the morning, but it could be a reaction  to guaifenesin also."
"Didn&#039;t do a thing"
"ABSOLUTELY AMAZING; HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. I almost chickened out after reading all these negative reviews.. but I&#039;m entirely happy that I got the procedure done. It was quick, simple, and painless. I had bruising around the site for about a week, but it was nothing too noticeable. I was afraid of all the side effects and complications that were listed, but fortunately I did not experience any. If anything, I have been able to lose weight easier, and my mood has increased I feel great, and confident with myself."
"I found this pill at the start to be amazing and fit me to the best. But later discovered it is not for me.. I&#039;m now switching pills to see if I can bring back my old self. I have taken YAZ for 14 months and am now taking my month which will make it 15 months. To say I&#039;m tired is not the word and shifting weight is near impossible. I have exercised and dieted with nothing more than a pound gained or the scale not moving. I also have in between bleeding. After taking the 15th day  I am guaranteed brown discharge and then some spotting, which I shouldn&#039;t be getting. My period now as been the worse I have ever gotten in a long time."
"I had horrible mucositis during my first round of chemo. I was hospitalized for 30  days. Neutrasal mouth rinse has kept me from ever getting a big outbreak of those awful sores again. Neutrasal has been a &quot;miracle&quot; product for me."
"I suffer with chronic cluster headaches. I normally do not sleep more than two to three hours per night. My doctor decided we would try this medicine. I have only been on it for three days but it is the first three days in the past year that I have slept through the night."
"I had taken MTX in past but it did not work out  for me due to rash proplem caused by MTX so Doctor recommended Sulfasalazine and it worked out very good for about 4 years but the end of friendship came to us...Sulfasalazine was not effective anymore.   I met a Doctor who practice natrual madicine also ER Dortor at the local hospital....He recommended 3 natrual Supplements for RA and pain( Turmeric, Wobenzym N, White Willow) and they are very effective (on me) and it is better than Chemical based medications.   I have been off from those deadly medications for 5 months now."
"One pill left of 8 week treatment.  Get labs done on 8th of aug. It wasnt detected after 4 weeks still praying it will be non detectable.  I have had no side effects.  Thank GOD and harvoni."
"Diovan HCT has controlled my blood pressure for over 10 years.  Recently though my potassium has dropped, I&#039;ve experienced atrial fibrillation and have noticed ringing in my ears.  Have gone to just Diovan and have dropped the diuretic."
"I&#039;ve taken Levora, since I was 18, and am now 30. Not once have I noticed any issues except for a slight decrease in my sex drive. No weight gain, no cramps, very little mood swings(but that can be said for all, including men) my period lasts about three days and they are extremely light- to the point it can go unnoticed. I&#039;ve also had unprotected sex for 11 years with the same man, and not once have I been pregnant, or even a close call. My period arrives at exactly the same time every month like clock work. It makes me feel like a normal human being. I might  have one day prior to staring my period, in which I feel a little funky; but it sure beats the alternative! I&#039;d never switch, and if you&#039;re unsatisfied, try it!"
"Started on 5 mg Celexa about 7 months ago. Works great to take away most of my anxiety and irritability, still comes around sometime but on more normal means instead of every single day like I was miserable before I started on Celexa. Took a couple weeks to adjust to it and my orgasms are few and hard to achieve, but still possible, unlike other meds I&#039;ve been on in the past. I love everything about Celexa, and would have given it a 10/10... however, I&#039;ve gained 15 pounds since I started taking it. My diet and activity level has not changed so I&#039;m assuming Celexa is to blame. This is now causing depression from the weight gain and the inability to keep it off... If you start Celexa, start exercising regularly to help maintain, wish I had..."
"I finally saw an ENT doctor for my &quot;sinus condition&quot; which he said was &quot;classic&quot; allergies and I should be tested, which I did, and was diagnosed with both indoor and outdoor perennial allergies.  The ENT gave me a couple nasal sprays to try and I decided on the Nasacort AQ and like it; it&#039;s effective and I don&#039;t get nose bleeds (which I did from Nasonex several years ago when it first came out and my primary care doctor suggested I try it; obviously I didn&#039;t stay with it). So now I&#039;m getting allergy shots so hopefully in a few years I won&#039;t need any of these medications."
"I&#039;ve tried this drug, got side effects, like restless legs. Loss of overall happiness, it doesn&#039;t feel like it provide anything"
"I had paragard place last March, 2016. I had cramps in between periods the whole time. And 6 months later I started getting anxiety/panic attacks. So bad that driving was difficult. I didn&#039;t realize it was my paragard until my physician ask what is making you feel this way? Any stress? Anything different. Then it dawned on me. My IUD was the only thing that was different. I personally don&#039;t recommend getting one. So happy I got it removed today. I already feel better and more importantly like myself again."
"I go to the gym late at night after work. I take a high stimulant pre workout powder prior to my workout which doesn&#039;t allow me to sleep till hours after my late night workout. Took 2 unisom pills and knocked out within 20 min. Good solid sleep"
"I have PCOS and I had gone without a period for 10 months. My doctor put me on Loestrin. I was extremely moody and emotional, crying over everything and very depressed, plus I was spotting and bleeding almost constantly. Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo is the second pill my doctor prescribed, and I am beyond happy with it. I don&#039;t even notice that I&#039;m taking it. There are no mood changes, I have lost a little bit of weight and it has even helped with my Rosacea. My periods are coming around the same time every month, which is wonderful because I am finally able to know when to expect it, something that I have never been able to do. The only complaint I have is bad cramps, but they only happen in the first couple of days."
"I was given Lexapro about 11 days ago for my extreme anxiety. My situation is strange because this anxiety seemed to come out of no where and I was desperate for help. My doctor gave me Lexapro. I started feeling depressed, mainly because I saw that Lexapro is an antidepressant and my mind was playing tricks on me! Today I am feeling so much better and believe Lexapro has helped me. Only side effects have been a bit jittery and night sweats. If you are so desperate to get help for anxiety/depression WHO CARES about side effects. I recommend Lexapro and plan to stop taking it after being stable for a few months."
"As soon as this drug started working, I stayed in one constant mood of irritable-anxiety. I was a horrible person to be around and cried every single day. I was having hormone problems and this drug made my life go from bad to worse. I would never pollute my body with garbage like this again. Be careful, girls!"
"I was able to get eucrisa for $35 for a full 60 Gram tube...I was temporarily on Elidel which seem to help my frequent flare ups on my hands calm down.. it seems my exczema has gotten so much worse with a eucrisa. I have rash like bumps all over my hands intense itching and pain to the point where I don&#039;t even want to go to work and they felt like they were on fire.. I didn&#039;t know what to put on my hands to stop the intense itching so I went back to applying my sons triamcinolone cream to my hand and the pain went away within a half an hour . I&#039;m really unsure if I want to continue using the eucrisa I have not noticed any Improvement in my skin I&#039;ve been on it twice a day for at least a week"
"I&#039;ve been on Adderall for about 4 years. I was having an extremely hard time focusing, extreme fatigue, general feeling of being lost and overly emotional and unstable. Adderall was an absolute miracle when I started on it. My trouble paying attention, loss of interest in life, constant sleepiness and emotional swings were gone. It made me genuinely happy and self confident for the first time in my life. "
"I have had bad back pain for decades L4/sciatic issue with bilateral neuropathy. Percocet takes the edge off the pain so that I remain a functioning member of society. I alternate with Vicodin every 4th month or so that way I do not increase the dosage. sounds strange but it works for me!"
"Very under rated medication.
I find it to be very helpful with other medications.
I do agree that it&#039;s not potent enough to treat severe anxiety, but it&#039;s very good for mild anxiety.
I&#039;m on Methadone (opiate), and Clonazepam (benzodiazepine), and Hydroxyzine makes BOTH of those potent meds I take work A LOT better. It takes away the nausea and dizziness from my Methadone, takes away the negative side effects and adds to the positive. Same situation with my Clonazepam.
Hydroxyzine is an excellent medication."
"Hi all. Week 4 had load of 37 after from 3,000,000 plus. After week 12 nil.
However my important  one is in 3 months for cure. 
However, i feel worse now than on harvoni. My joints hurt and am very emotional. Is this common."
"I&#039;ve had migraines my entire life. This is the only thing that has helped me. I have taken birth controls for years. I only take one Fioricet per day when I feel a headache starting and I haven&#039;t had a &quot;migraine&quot; since I started this medication a couple of weeks ago. This is my miracle pill."
"At age 36, my acne started to come back after a stressful time. It was concentrated on my chin, and was relentless. New cysts every single day. My doctor prescribed Tretinoin cream plus an oral antibiotic (doxycycline). I was so nervous about starting because I read so much about it getting worse before it got better. But to my amazement, after just a few days I started to see drastic improvement. Not a single new pimple, the existing ones healed quickly, and scars are fading fast. I&#039;m shocked (and extremely happy!) at how well this worked for me."
"&quot;Atarax&quot; was prescribed to me in a &quot;controlled environment.&quot; I was prescribed Klonopin originally, but the 0.5mg dosage wasn&#039;t enough for my anxiety and with the medication (Suboxone) I was currently taking there is a risk of taking Benzodiazepines while on Suboxone (like, death). 
Anyway, Atarax was prescribed. I can&#039;t remember the dose now, I know it was more than 10mg, but it was 4-6 x daily as needed. It seemed to be working alright at first, but I think it was the controlled environment, when I left, it stopped working for my anxiety and panic attacks and has not had any useful effect since.
*Didn&#039;t experience any side effects"
"I&#039;m a 60 year-old male and active tennis player that is almost bone-on-bone in both knees. My orthopedist has recommended replacements. I opted to try Euflexxa. I had both knees injected in April of 2013 and again 7 months later. Both procedures have given me amazing relief. My doc lowered my expectations on the first round, so I didn&#039;t have high hopes. I was more that pleasantly surprised! Without these shots, I would be facing immediate surgery. I endorse Euflexxa highly. I did learn a trick: Ice your knee(s) 30 minutes BEFORE the injection! I had close to zero injection pain as a result. Also, ice afterwards to reduce inflammation. Good luck all..."
"Hives after taking for 5 days, otherwise worked well at relieving pain"
"I&#039;m 26 and have been addicted to Poppy tea for almost five years. Although I&#039;ve only been on Suboxone for 3 weeks, I have to say it&#039;s really effective. I&#039;m currently on 6mg and will be tapering to 4mg in a couple weeks time.

Any cravings I previously had for tea are completely gone, and it even decreased my desire for other things like Alcohol and Tobacco (though I only smoke when I drink).

"
"I took the first dose on a Friday after work.  That night I was awake all night with terrible leg cramps and an odd cramp in my midriff.  I took the second dose earlier in the afternoon the next day.  The cramp in my midriff returned.  I called the hospital where my doctor practices and the nurse practitioner from her office called me back.  She advised me not to take the Lasix anymore and to go to the ER if the cramping came back tonight.  My ankle is nearly normal size, but I am not sure it was worth it."
"My husband is a Vietnam veteran and has been on this for 15 years. In the last 5 years he has been kicking and punching and twitching in his sleep. He is now developing other signs of of neurological disorders. The doctor gave us a print out today and Luvox is a SSSR drug and they have recently found it causes Parkinsonism and when dosages are reduced or patient taken off this drug, the symptoms go. It works great for his depression, it helps reduce the symptons of PTSD but now his health is suffering from long term usage."
"This drug has saved my life.  I had a bad fall and laid for 20hrs before anyone found me.  I now have severe nerve damage in my legs and feet.  It helps the nerve pain definitely!"
"Terrific against mania, haven&#039;t had a manic episode in 2 years. Also with barely any manic symptoms. However, for me it&#039;s not great against depression but does help a little. It also helped with suicidal tendencies."
"Was on Gianvi for 2 months. Stopped taking it because it gave me mood swings, and caused me to break out more (which was the reason I wanted to take it in the first place). My sex drive was really low the first month, but it got back to normal. I had terrible cramps before, and this actually helped alot. I had an awful time tryin to concentrate on things, and over all it just made me feel crazy... :("
"By far the best birth control pill I&#039;ve taken.
Periods are super light and cramping is minimal to none. No weight gain or bloating.

Best part for me is my insurance covers it for free! This has never happened for me.

Biggest downsides I&#039;ve experienced are spotting if you are off by a few hours from your normal time and my mood swings are been considerable.  I&#039;ve found myself to be a little more irrational and emotional. I&#039;ve had a lot of stress, so I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s a direct effect of the pill, since no one else seems to be having mood swings."
"Earlier today I was just on this site reading review after review, worried sick about whether or not this worked. It did! This sounds dumb but we didn&#039;t technically have sex, but things got pretty serious so I of course got paranoid. I had missed a few days of my BC pill before this, and I started my period the day this happened. I took the pill around 40 hours later, and experienced no side effects. I also started a new pack of birth control the night I took plan b. I took 2 pregnancy tests today which were negative, and my period showed up a few hours ago (4 days late)"
"I suffer from recurrent UTI&#039;s.   As soon as I feel one creeping up I take one of these and the symptoms are much better in a few hours and gone within the day.  I take them twice a day for 7 days if I have an infection.   No side effects."
"I have been on DEPROVERA shot for about a year and a half. It works of course. But I have recently decided to quit with the shots because of the horrible side effects. I have headaches every single day. I just want to sleep and that&#039;s all I want to do. Im a very active person so that was easy to notice. Also, I get horrible shooting pains that is in my lower stomach and back."
"For lowering pressure the medication is very effective, however the side effects are a nightmare. I get tingling sensations everywhere, dehydration, increased urine, drowsiness. It doesn&#039;t help that I&#039;m also a teenager who needs to concentrate on my studies so it&#039;s a miracle I managed to get through school recently."
"IF YOU WANT TO AVOID NAUSEA, HAVE YOUR DOCTOR TO PRESCRIBE A TABLET THAT YOU WILL TAKE 20 MINS PRIOR TO STARTING THE SUPREP%u2026IT WORKS WONDERS."
"I take Valium 2mg PRN for panic attacks. I was nervous about using it. I also had this warped idea that I would be labeled a pill head for taking a drug like Valium. I can honestly say that Valium is a life saver. The first time I took it all I could think about was how I regretted not taking it sooner. I can actually live my life now. You have to be careful though. It is very easy to build a tolerance to it. Use the lowest amount you need, because You would be surprised how much of a difference 1 mg will make. I have been trying to use it as a tool rather than a crutch. I also have ADD and Valium helps me fall asleep at night when I feel restless"
"Needed to use the remaining suppositories, due to itching and minor bleeding from hard stool. Noticed blood sugar rising about 40 pts now that I stopped using it, condition somewhat better and sugars are lower."
"I have had a cold sore outbreak 1-2 x/year for last 15 years usually during summer months (lower lip).  I had previously tried medicated lip applicators with little success. A friend suggested Zovirax.  I use it now at the first sign of tingling or hardness in the lip.  When I catch it early the severity of the outbreak has been greatly diminished.  I only use for 2 days and the sore has usually healed in about 10 days to 2 weeks."
"I have been on Lyza for 6 months. I got my period the first month after beginning, and have not seen it since. I was not having any side effects until recently I have been having very tender breasts, mood swings, and bloating. I have taken two home pregnancy tests and both came up negative. I have gained 5 pounds since beginning Lyza and I do like it, but not menstruating is scary, especially when other symptoms begin to show up, similar to pregnancy side effects."
"I had the most awful experience with Nexplanon. My period never stopped from the day it was inserted in my arm. I had intermittent arm pain. I had terrible mood swings. I gained weight, despite eating less and exercising more. Eventually I had to call my doctor and ask they remove it ASAP."
"I started taking Xyzal after a single episode of urticaria.  I have had hands tremors for 40 years, severe enough to interfere with my work as a nurse.  After 2 days, I noticed that the tremors were gone.  To verify it was linked to the medication, I stopped taking it, and after 2 days, my left hand started shaking again, so I restarted it.  It&#039;s been 3 weeks, and I am still free of any tremors."
"This product is amazing and is a great alternative to oral medicine. I am no longer embarrassed to where my flip flops. I have paid $80.00 in copays over a year."
"I used the vaginal gel and have to say it was very effective. It wasn&#039;t as messy as I expected. I did start bleeding heavily like a period. The bleeding lasted about the same amount of days as my normal period. I believe it was my period, just earlier than expected. Overall I would use this again if needed."
"I have used Tramadol for about 2 weeks for knee, lower back, leg &amp; foot pain. It has been of slight to moderate help, but nothing to brag about.The main side effects were constipation and dry mouth. I had nausea the first 2 times, but didn&#039;t take with food. Have no nausea or lightheadedness when taken with food since then."
"I&#039;ve had Hep c for 31 yrs, Genotype 2 , and today I just took my first pill .. Feeling hopeful to the side effects I&#039;ve heard are minimal .. I will update you all in a few weeks . Thank you all for your opinions on this magical drug ."
"I believe myself to be very pain tolerant. I got one of these inserted, and it caused me so much pain I nearly passed out. Keep in mind, however, that I have never been pregnant before. If you have not been pregnant your uterus does not have as much elasticity. Also, my uterus was set back in a position that made for a difficult time for my gynee to get to it. (This happens when you have not been pregnant  sometimes) Nurse said she had never seen the gynee actually have to  utilize the ultrasound to insert it. 1 day after insertion, and now I am completely cramp free. Don&#039;t let the horror stories scare you.  Ease of use, cost (completely free), and effectiveness of this product is phenomenal. "
"I have been in pain for years. Surgery 17 years ago, I&#039;m only 39, that has left my back a degenerating mess. I found the right doctor who explained my back scans, remarking that I should be in extreme pain ALWAYS. Yeah, it&#039;s gotten there. Robaxin to the rescue! So far it&#039;s great. I think I need more frequent dosing. 1500mg per day prescribed. I&#039;m taking 2250 (3 pills). It makes me feel nausea, yet allows me to get to my new job and work without an embarrassing spasm. Mine are BAD, so this medicine is helping. "
"Been taking for 15 yrs. Started as antidepressant but also helps back pain and sleep."
"The condom broke on July 4th and we didn&#039;t realize it broke till after he finnished inside of me. I&#039;m not on BC so we immediately went to the store to buy plan b one step and I took it within the hour of it happening. I did some research and I was in the time of ovulating. This made me really nervous that it could increase my chances of getting pregnant, but I knew that all I could do was wait and see what happens. Symptoms I experienced were tiredness, moodiness, bloating and very sensitive and sore breasts. Today I&#039;m happy to say I GOT MY PERIOD!!! It was only 1 day late. I&#039;m so relieved!!! My advice is don&#039;t wait, take the pill ASAP and let it do its work. DONT STRESS or think about it too much. Be positive &amp; keep yourself busy."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena for 5 weeks now. I had to have two attempts at it but I do have a low pain threshold. Taking a pain killer didn&#039;t really help but the doctor used local anesthetic gel and holding my mums hand also helped lol. After the procedure I felt a huge weight lifted off me so I cried. Since then I&#039;ve had cramps everyday, mainly late afternoon. My period started late and I&#039;ve been bleeding for over 2 weeks now. Its very light but still annoying. I&#039;ve had a very high sex drive since the first day of insertion. Also I noticed a weird odur but no infection present. Baths help and I add cider vinegar as its a natural antibac. I haven&#039;t gained any weight but it&#039;s been really hard for me to work out as I start to get bad cramps."
"I&#039;ve been on the generic of Alesse called Alesyna for about 3 years. I put on over 20 pounds with this BC going from 107-130. I have terrible anxiety and extreme exhaustion. For preventing pregnancy, it worked, but I did NOT enjoy gaining so much weight."
"I started taking Loestrin20 three weeks ago and today, after seeing my doctor, I was forced to stop it.
From day one, I have been experiencing all sorts of awful side effects: numbness in all extremities and face, fainting, problems with breathing, headaches, weakness and dizziness to the point that I couldn&#039;t drive to work. I ended up in hospital, twice.
I never had issues in the past with birth control pills, but this one is not suitable for me, while thousands of women are fine taking it.
If you experience bad side effects, Please interrupt your treatment and see your doctor asap. Birth control pills shouldn&#039;t cause major side effects, and if they do it&#039;s a clear sign that you are at risk and must look for a better option!!"
"So far I have had none of the side effects they warn you about. Pain and swelling is reduced. The only downside is that is could take up to 16 weeks to receive the full benefits. Wish it worked quicker."
"I have been on a variety of medicines that never seemed to help me with anxiety. I have been taking 2mg of Klonopin 3 times a day for almost a year, and they have calmed me down tremendously. I was always anxious about everything, from bills to jobs to family...you name it. This medicine along with journal writing has also helped manage my anger problems too. I&#039;ve tried to wean myself off of it several times, but I usually end up anxious and frustrated all over again. I just have to accept that Klonopin is now a part of my life for longer than expected. Two thumbs up!"
"Geodon has caused me to be very hostile."
"I&#039;ve tried anything and everything for yeast infections as I get recurrent ones (not due to an underlying causes other than my vagina is moody) but terconazle is the best. I&#039;ve tried boric acid, gentian violet, clotrimazole, diflucan.. all work OK but terconazole is the best IMO. The only downside is the first few days (I do the 7 days) it makes the itch worse, feels like a bunch of mosquito bites down there but it kicks the infection for a while and it makes me a little tingly. Doesn&#039;t cure it fully for me as my infections come back but I don&#039;t really have any side effects from it and it&#039;s cheap! Only $15 w/ insurance... plus I heard monistat BURNS so I&#039;ve stayed far away from that."
"When I turned 50, I went in for a physical. The doctor noticed my hair was thinning and recommended Propecia. That was 14 years ago and today I have a very full head of hair, especially for a 64 yo.  Two issues, one it must be taken religiously. I take it at least  350+ times a year. Two, its not cheap. Generics are available on the internet. My brother was born 10 months before me. Physically, we are very similar. During our youth, our hair was almost identical. Today, he is balding, badly. Side affects. Shortly after I starting taking it, I DID have trouble getting an erection, but the problem went away after a number of weeks. I was thinking of quitting, but just wanted to give my body a little more time to adjust. And it did. No regrets"
"Best drug I have been on so far.

Has no side effects that I have found.

Doesn&#039;t make you feel sick or dizzy like other drugs have done for me."
"This prescription medicine does help the cough. However, expect the side effects as such described to hit home. I experienced all
of the less hazardous side effects. Best thing to do on this medicine is to be able to sleep it off. Says you can take with or with out food but like many medicines try to eat something lite. Not greasy as it can upset the stomach and then posible vomiting may take place. This is my own personal experience with this prescription and it can be different per person."
"After years on Lisinipril, it failed.  My cardiologist put me on several different medications before I was put on Azor.  Generics don&#039;t seem to work well for me and Azor works well.  My bp is lower than it&#039;s ever been.  My only complaint is the cost!  It&#039;s outragious.  What to do? It works."
"I have had anxiety since childhood. I never knew what it felt like to be without it until the first time I took Lexapro. It was amazing to feel &quot;normal&quot; for the first time. I had been on Zoloft and Prozac before and neither made me feel normal. I&#039;ve had to quit Lexapro due to insurance at times and being without it is not something I ever want to do. I&#039;ve tried Celexa and the generic forms as well but they come with sexual side effects. With Lexapro I have very little sexual effects. In fact, it seems to enhance orgasm for me. Initial side effects when starting it included very bad diarrhea for a week or two, but it goes away. I take 20mg which seems to be perfect. 10mg didn&#039;t do the trick. If you haven&#039;t tried it, give it a shot."
"This medication was the magic bullet for me anxiety wise and depression wise. I slept extremely well and my anxiety plummeted. I would have definitely stayed on it if it weren&#039;t for the atrocious weight gain! I am normally 110 lbs or so, and within 1.5 months was up to 130lbs! During this time I wasn&#039;t eating much more than normal and I was skateboarding, canoeing, and running yet still putting on weight. I was the happiest, yet the fattest I had EVER been on this drug, so it was love/hate relationship. I decided to go off of it because I couldn&#039;t tolerate the weight. Was a shame, since it was extremely effective for me otherwise. Oh well."
"I have been on Mobic since 2000.  I have asked about new medications (which we now have 2 new came out in 2009) but the side effects is a real concern for me.

I have not had a good experience with Mobic.  It does get me through the day but my pain increases every month.  I am at the point now that it is really affecting my personal life with my husband and he really does not understand the extent of the pain.

I need a drug without harmful side effects.  I want to protect my liver as much as possible.  Please come up with a drug for fibromyalgia.  I would hate to know that I have to live on pain pills the rest of my life."
"I have been on about 100 mg. of dexedrine for over 20 years and it always worked great until a few years ago, when my drug company stopped sending me the TEVA generic. I never had problems with generics before but the Activis brand did nothing for me. I was told that TEVA was made by the same drug manufacturer that makes the name brand so I payed extra for the name brand and that does not appear to be working either. I have been told that TEVA no longer makes dexedrine so I am not sure what I should do. Also, I was told that the FDA no longer allows doses over 60 mg. but I am sure that is true. It could be my insurance company does not want to pay for more than a standard dose."
"I have been taking linzess for a few months now. I have diarrhea almost every day which most times leads to accidents. I went to my GI specialist and she suggested i take IB Gard to help with the diarrhea. I am tired of having diarrhea every day and not knowing when its gonna come. I go to work and I still have accidents at work it&#039;s embarrassing and disgusting. I have not have any help with bloating or stomach pain. I was on 145 of linzess but that didn&#039;t work very well so the doctor put me on 290 it just makes me feel miserable."
"The Mirena works great for most people. I am not one of them. My hair came out in clumps in the shower. I had the Mirena for 2 years and gained 15lbs. I&#039;ve never had an issue with weight and always have had a very fast metabolism. I figured my metabolism was slowing down (Mid-twenties), and that I would need to eat better and exercise. I got my Mirena removed exactly one week ago and have lost 6lbs and have changed absolutely nothing! All the weight I gained with Mirena seemed to go to my stomach. I looked 3-4 months pregnant everyday. My depression got worse. I was so out of energy everyday. I was itching my skin off everyday - pretty sure I had a combo of hives and eczema. Feeling better, skin&#039;s clearing and weight&#039;s down."
"I recently had an attack while on a commerical airplane. I always loved to fly and travel, this scared the wits out of me.  I felt like I was going out of my mind. I needed to be off that plane and there was no place to go.  I talked to my doctor and they prescribed Lexapro and Xanax. Xanax helps in social situations, I always feel like I am being judged or watched, which is very uncomfortable.  I am still scared to fly.  "
"Didn&#039;t taste bad at all. You just have to take it!. Did give me diarrhea though."
"Works great."
"I had been a smoker for 27 years off and on; mostly on.  In 2008, I decided to use Chantix.  It has been 4 1/2 years and no more smoking! I never realized how much smoking dictates to your life. I feel free!"
"I&#039;ve tried over 13 medications for anxiety and none have worked not even the popular benzodiazepines. I tried 100mg of Tramadol and I felt the weight lifted from me. I felt like I could breath easier and relaxed.  It&#039;s the only thing that has worked. I&#039;m looking for a doctor now who has experience with long term use or perhaps a doctor that can recommend a medication knowing that Tramadol works for me."
"I get migraine and have found out by taking everything from prescription and over the counter medication that Excedrin was the only one that really worked. Now I can%u2019t find them in any store."
"Atrial fibrillation started about 2 years ago. Tried a variety of beta blockers and anti-arrhythmics without success. Was put on low dose of metoprolol and flecainide four months ago. Not a single incident since.  Very minor side effects at first, but none now.  Life is so much better."
"This prescription helped with my blood pressure immensely but had my legs and ankles really swollen all the time. I asked my doctor to take me off and he did. Her prescribed me another medication and it&#039;s working fine. Thank God I don&#039;t have the swelling of my legs and ankles and scraggly actually can walk or exercise with no discomfort."
"Abreva used to work for me, but the last couple of times I&#039;ve used it.. it seemed liked it didn&#039;t do anything to help supress the sore.. this time my sore keeps getting bigger and bigger!  I started applying as soon as I felt the sore coming on and it just didn&#039;t help at all!  Same thing the last time."
"In 2 weeks my triglycerides dropped 700 points from 990 to 260 and cholesterol dropped 100 points from 310 to 215.  My HDL increased 8 points from 30 to 38.  No side effects so far.  I hope it continues like this."
"I am weary of medication so I only took two tylenol before the procedure. It was uncomfortable, with two quick sharper pinches and over. I did get dizzy but was able to stand up, walk and drive home afterwards. I planned on working the next day but had to stay home due to bad cramping....on par with a very bad period. I switched to aleve from tylenol and that made all the difference. The cramping subsided over the next few days ( I went on a long run on day 3) but skinny jeans bothered me a bit. Now a month in I got my first period/spotting episode. More anything else as its lingering longer than usual. Overall getting it so far was way worth it. Mood is great, no headaches, no anxiety and no weight gain and we can&#039;t feel it."
"I made the first review in December 2014.  Since there is no dataset for long-term use of triumeq, I thought I&#039;d drop back in for an update.  I am exceptionally pleased with this medication.  I have no side effects, VL is still undetectable, and CD4 is steady.  Triumeq is great!"
"I have used Flexeril for back pain but took one the other night because I had a migraine and couldn&#039;t sleep. I&#039;ve never had relief from any migraine so I was amazed when after about 2 1/2 hours I got out of bed and felt OK to move around. After another hour or two I was feeling drowsy so ended up going to bed but I was happy to discover that Flexeril helped my migraine. It does make me VERY sleepy so I only take it when I don&#039;t have much to do the next day. I usually feel lethargic the day after."
"The suprep drink was effective. So effective I was running to the bathroom every 5 minutes for over 4 hours. I&#039;m 29 years old and had my first colonoscopy and endoscopy for abdominal pain. I was so nervous to have this procedure because I heard the prep was awful! After experiencing it firsthand, I have to agree - it was. The drink was terrible. I somehow managed to get the first one down, but when it came time to drink the second one the following morning I puked half of it up. Like someone below said - it was a cherry saltwater hell. I was laying on the floor in my bathroom with the chills. It was probably a combination of no food in my system and drinking the suprep. I hope I never have to drink this stuff again. Ever."
"I started using phentermine 7/17/10. My starting weight was 235lbs. It took me a year to get to 235 from 248. I find that ridiculous... a year to lose 13 pounds. So as of today (wk 5) I am down to 216lbs. I love having to remind myself to eat instead of eating just because I feel like it or out of boredom. I do cardio for 35 min 5 days/week plus warm up/cool down walk for 10 min. I have a 1300 calorie per day limit but I stay well below due to having no appetite."
"I have been having severe back and neck pain for years and was taking ibuprofen 24 hours a day. My doctor told me that was very bad for my stomach and to use the Voltaren Gel instead and I found it to be wonderful, comfortable and it smells nice. Two days after I started using the Voltaren Gel I was so much more comfortable and now I alternate the ibuprofen 200 with the Gel and only use the Ibuprofen 200 two times a day. I can sleep a whole night. My back condition is in the muscles and and they are in spasm much of the time. Voltaren calms the spasms down and makes the pain tolerable. I am so glad to have found it."
"Physicians are way too excited about Linzess.  It definitely does not work for everyone and not exactly as indicated.  The first three days I took it were fine.  Then no effect for two days.  Then incredible pain.  I asked the doctor if I could try a lower dose.  Was advised to take it at bedtime!?  Definitely not a good idea when part of the problem was extreme diarrhea.  Quit taking it for two weeks.  Went back and tried one tablet.  Dizziness, wobbly, weakness, malaise.  

Does it treat constipation, yes.  But it is a guanylate cyclase agonist , so, of course, it has systemic effects.  

When are too many side effects too much to even put a drug on the market?"
"I was prescribed Augmentin for a sinus infection. Worst medication experience of my life. I never get headaches, and after just three doses I had the worst headaches. My head throbbed. I couldn&#039;t sleep. My vision was impaired. I had excruciating stomach pains. I was far sicker than I was prior to going to the doctor. I will never take this horrible medication again. Beware of the side effects if you do."
"Are these outlandish reviews of whole years being forgotten solely due to Venlafaxine, actually serious? That seems ridiculously unrealistic.

I am on 225mg per day and if I&#039;m late taking a dose I get the weird zaps and dizziness etc. But it does do a pretty good job on very severe anxiety and depression.

Coming off it will be hard but I have been recommended a good 3-month plan for it. 

I have noticed that not all actual packs of tablets are as good as others though, I don&#039;t know how this can be!?"
"I gave this medicine a 5 but not sure how fair I&#039;m being! I started out on the patch with limited results and then after a month I began the gel. So far the only good part about this is, the women love the smell! I have gained muscle mass but I&#039;ve been hitting the gym but there has been no change in my sex drive, it&#039;s still very low! My appetite has not increased like I was hoping. It&#039;s been a month on the gel now and I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s too soon to comment on this particular medication but if I see significant improvements I&#039;ll be sure to up date."
"I have had Implanon for a year now. I liked it at first because I was living with my boyfriend at the time and it avoided pregnancy but after having it for a few months I gained 20 pounds! I was 110 now I&#039;m 130lbs. I want to get it removed asap and hopefully go back to my regular weight. I also experienced crazy mood swings. It&#039;s great to take if you want to avoid pregnancy and to avoid the pill and other annoying birth control but I would suggest sticking to condoms."
"So, after having the implant for 8 years. Yes that&#039;s right, I&#039;ve been crazy enough to have this 3 times. was fine at first. Then I started getting depressed, gained 7 stone throughout the years I have had it (on and off by dieting), depressed, unmotivated, tearful, low sex drive, acne, I&#039;ve got severe acne scarring on my back, face and chest and even feeling suicidal at times and constant, heavy painful periods. The only reason I have had it as long as I have is because I heard horror stories about other forms, and I am forgetful so pill is not suitable. I&#039;ve decided to pluck up the courage to get the IUD and finally say goodbye. THANK GOD! Can finally get my life back hopefully!"
"Cipro did not help in healing bronchitis. Taking this med set me back 10 days. Wasted time for this type infection."
"I do not obsess over alcohol like I used to. On occasion when I have wanted a glass of wine, I take it approximately an hour prior and can actually drink like a normal person (1-2 glasses vs. 1-2 bottles).  This medication is a God send."
"While Rozerem is effective for getting and staying asleep, I am spaced out the next day with a strange feeling that, even though my body has had a good night rest, I still want to go take a nap at periods through the day - not a normal tiredness, but a drug induced grogginess that comes on suddenly.  Also, hard to focus my attention the next day.  I went on this because Ambien gave me short term memory loss though I had no grogginess the next day on Ambien.  The best result for me is to just sleep naturally with whatever hours I can get."
"Switched from Soma after 4 years, love this new drug, no feeling loopy, can manage my day and feel great."
"I took this a year ago BEFORE bedtime like the instructions tell you, I woke up in the morning with successful bad cramps in my lower stomach, I got up to go the bathroom luckily my husband followed me thinking it was strange &amp; the pain was that painful I fainted.
Yesterday I was super bloated I had so much gas for hours no idea why &amp; had been toilet few times in the day, then before bed I decided to take 1 tablet to help shift more gas in the night. Woke up at 6am felt fine then about 8am the pains came not as painful as last time but they weren&#039;t as bad I would past wind &amp; then suddenly I had to run to the toilet &amp; sit there with the pain like as if everything was moving around the intestines &amp; then it was like sand. It worked but hurts."
"I had a social phobia for a long time with a rapid out of control heart beat, its a big difference since I started taking this medicine, anxiety is a lot less, and more out going with the public and less fear, but the only side effect that I&#039;m not comfortable with is delayed ejaculation."
"I have been taking phentermine for 3 weeks, and have lost 10-15 lbs. It has increased my energy level substantially.  I went off of it for 3 days and saw a little bit of a difference with my appetite and energy, but also had tubal ligation during that period.  I have not noticed any side effect last longer than a few days. Great appetite suppresant."
"Doctor gave me a sample and a prescription of this to try. I have used Treximet with great results, but it took too long for the medicine to into my system to counter the migraine. The Sumavel works GREAT, HOWEVER it does hurt. The initial injection is painful. I was left with a welt and a tender spot for hours afterwards. The injection pain is well worth the relief. I do get the burning sensation at the bottom of my brain stem 30 seconds after the injection and feel very weak. This is all normal as I got the same feeling when I start Treximet. Luckily my insurance company covers it."
"The Watson patches work well and stick. The Mylan patches are garbage. They do not stick and deliver no relief."
"I am suffering with, swelling in right leg ankle, but however, there is no pain. I was prescribed 200 mg of this capsule, to be taken twice a day by my doctor.  Took the dosage as prescribed by the doctor for two days, and noticed light-headedness, palpation and difficulty in remembering."
"I went on doxycycline for about 3 months (started at 150mg and slowly went down to 50 mg in the last month) and paired it with finacea topical cream at night. While my skin cleared up beautifully for those 3 months, my cystic acne came back even worse than before once I got off of the pills. Now I&#039;m about to start accutane because my skin got so bad after it"
"I was on roxicodone30 270 and lortab10 200 for severe low back and neck pain. I asked my doctor to take me off the lortabs and give me methadone for the breakthrough pain. I now take roxicodone and methadone for the breakthrough pain and am almost pain free."
"I got this about two months ago, and have not stopped bleeding since. It&#039;s been great, as far as not gaining any weight and my skin actually clearing up, but seriously? I&#039;ve been having a full on period for 6 weeks now! I went in and my doctor didn&#039;t know what was wrong because &quot;this is the first time she has seen it&quot; So I am a little frustrated with how this is being handled. All I want to do is not bleed! Has anyone else had this problem?"
"First outbreak was HORRIBLE. Once I got Valtrex in my system, the outbreak cleared up within two days. Lysine helps prevent outbreaks and is for immune health. Has been working well for me and haven&#039;t had any real problems since first outbreak."
"Very bad acid reflux and anxiety."
"I had fixation surgery with 10 screws in my fibula last week.  The medicine is great for pain.  However, make sure to eat before taking it, and get ready for the occasional blurred vision."
"This drug has side effects but benefits is much more.
If you suffering from depression and anxiety try it."
"Acne, acne scars, blemishes, etc. I&#039;ve been suffering from acne since I was 16 years old. I used to put on cheap products from Walgreens or CVS.  When I turned 22 my acne became worse. I suffered from cystic acne. I went to a dermatologist for low income students and she prescribed Tretinoin (she started with a lower percentage) My acne disappeared in 8 months. I&#039;ve been using this Tretinoin for 11 months (0.05) and I don&#039;t have to wear make up anymore! 
I also alternate and use Proactiv but ONLY the  I wash my face with a cheaper brand from CVS that has Benzoyl Perixide 10% Then, the pore targetting treatment. Last step (moisturize) 
 
Moisturize before and after the medication for better results. 

Be patient :) Don&#039;t touch your face!"
"I had acne for 7 years. By senior year of high school, I couldn&#039;t take it anymore. I went to a dermatologist and he prescribed minocycline to me. I was afraid of the initial breakout, but it wasn&#039;t bad whatsoever! My acne cleared up sooooooo much. My skin was clear by the second week! It got rid of ALL of my blackheads. I took it for about 5  months. It&#039;s been 6 months since I stopped, and I still get small breakouts, but it&#039;s nothing like the acne I had before it. I love minocycline. While I was on it I looked prettier, my hair looked healthier, my skin wasn&#039;t oily, just everything about me felt and looked better. It gave me a yeast infection, but I ate yogurt...a LOT of yogurt, and that got rid of it right away."
"I won&#039;t say don&#039;t stress, because its inevitable and all I did for the last 2 weeks was google, google, and GOOGLE. On august 4th, I had sex with my boyfriend and it got carried away really quick, he came inside of me with no protection (stupid, I know) and he said he thought pulled out, but I was leaking heavily with his semen. We went to the drugstore 3 hours later and got plan b. I took it right away and the only side effects were nausea and bloating. I woke up today and felt really off, so I went to the bathroom and I have never been more happier to know that my underwear was bright red and filled with blood. My period was supposed to arrive on the 17th but its early. (: be calm and let the pill do its job! I promise you&#039;ll be okay!"
"This is the first pack for Trinessa. I was on Ortho Tri Cyclin Orange since my 6 week appointment after I had my 3rd baby, (so about July is when my appt. was) and my insurance just now made me switch to Trinessa. I don&#039;t think I like it. Since taking it, I have constantly felt like I got a lump in my throat and my diaphragm area and decreased my appetite, so I&#039;d put that in the nausea category. I just don&#039;t know if I should just wait it out, or call my OB office and ask them for something different or what. I mean I&#039;m only going to be on this til like Dec. or Jan., because me and my fiance would like 1 more, and wanted to wait til our baby is at least 18 months before we tried again. Then after that baby is born, I&#039;m going on the Depo."
"I am an adult with ADD it has been a struggle my entire life. I am successful but as I moved up the ranks I have much more paper work and schedules to keep which is very hard for me. I have been on lots of different meds which all did not work or had bad side effects. I now take 50mg Vyanse every morning and it is great no side effects after the first 3 days I took it and it helps me stay on task with no evening crash."
"I had mild water retention (about 5lbs), moderate bloating with abdominal pain, and persistent diarrhea while taking this pill.  The first few days of taking Junel I had nausea, vertigo, and blurred vision.  The nausea and visions problems disappeared within three days, but the other side effects continued with use.

I was taking this for endometriosis to try and help relieve my cramps.  I was disappointed because instead of having pain only the first couple of days of my period, I was left with daily abdominal pain and then my period pains were definitely elevated (from and 8 to a 9 on my pain scale).

I&#039;m off this pill now, though, because I experienced migraine with aura."
"So, Macrobid can certainly have some uncomfortable side effects. Most of these are preventable/treatable with headache pills, taking it with lots of food, and probiotics. If you are allergic, that is not the fault of the medicine, nor is it yours. That&#039;s just the way the cards were dealt.

Macrobid, or nitrofurantoin, is very good for UTI treatment and the methods it does so makes bacteria unlikely to build resistance to it. Macrobid should be the first option before general antibiotics for this reason.

Macrobid works very well and usually is taken twice daily (breakfast, dinner). For me, I had fatigue and headaches but they left after two days. After that, I felt fine for the remaining 8 days. And it worked!"
"I have had an Overactive bladder for my whole life. This medicine is the only one that has helped me, and I have had zero side effects from it. I have been taking this for 5 years now. No issues. Still on the 5mg dose."
"After first month of taking Epclusa, I am undetectable!"
"It must be my body but this medicine works within 30 minutes to an hour after ingestion. This is fast acting per the information I researched. I only had a sinus infection in my left nostril and it cleared up where I was able to breath through my nose without an issue. I used to carry around tissue for this purpose. No side effects for me."
"Before minastrin my periods were extremely irregular, fairly heavy, and accompanied by cramps strong enough to cause vomiting, acne, breast tenderness, and headaches. Minastrin was a miracle. My periods now only last 2 to 4 days, are extremely light, and they happen at the same time every month and never on weekends. I never gained weight either. The only negatives that I&#039;ve noticed are the first week of pills I was nauseated every morning but that passed, it causes some mood swings that my parents noticed as well, and my cramps haven&#039;t fully gone away but they are much more manageable due to regular period and only last 2 days instead 4. With these negatives though I strongly recommend it."
"I&#039;ve only been on this medication since the 18th of this month, but one thing that I have noticed with this medication is that it is helping me to not have a constant appetite.  I was not only needing help with depression, but I was also needing help with weight loss and at this point I don&#039;t know how the weight-loss will/will not work with med, but I do know that I do not have an appetite like before taking this. And for that I am very grateful. I also understand that it could take 3 to 4 weeks before I notice the effects for the depression.  I am hopeful!"
"My vagaina is on fire!!!!!! When I say this is the 7 day cream from hell you will literally want to thow your vagaina away and get a new one. PLEASE beware! I have been up all night I can&#039;t sleep. I wish I would have read the reviews first. Now I know I&#039;m not alone. The itching is at a all time high as well. I wouldn&#039;t wish this on my worst enemy. Monistat needs to figure out what ingredients are not agreeing with the female body ASAP If they want to stay in business."
"I&#039;ve been on Sertraline since June and now it&rsquo;s November. So let&rsquo;s call it 5 months. 

I started off very small dosages. Eventually increasing all the way to 150mg a day (which I&rsquo;m on now). 

I&rsquo;m 34, Male. The side effects make it very very difficult to ejaculate and very, very hard to have a good nights sleep. Both problems are a direct result of the Sertraline. 

The positive side - less frightened and less scared. Less anxiety. Less depressed. I actually feel good. I do not think I&rsquo;m &lsquo;high&rsquo; or &lsquo;delusional&rsquo;. I am still 100% my normal self but my fears and worries and low mood seem to have went way down. I actually look forward to waking up now. hope it lasts. Starting these was definitely the right thing to do."
"This is my second bout of anxiety and depression in 2 years, 2 years ago I was prescribed citalapram and I dealt with it and finally got myself back on track and ended up stopping the citalapram but sure as anything the depression and anxiety returned this time 2 years later  the doctor prescribed me sertraline 50mg. OMG for any of you that haven&#039;t had depression before don&#039;t accept how this drug makes you feel, I had 1 tablet and I felt so bad - worse than I felt without it. This isn&#039;t normal after going through this before I know how you should feel. I&#039;ve never had a medication so harsh that makes you feel so bad, as I said citalapram is what I took last time and tomorrow I&#039;m back to the doctors to get some cos this stuff is just harsh."
"I have been trying to lose weight on my own for a year. I have hypothyroid issues, was 252 plus pounds, 5&#039;9&quot;, 60 y/o female. I ate 1300 to 1500 calories per day, vigorously exercised 3 x a week and lost 17 lbs. over 9 months. Then it stopped cold, no matter what I did I couldn&#039;t lose any more weight. After talking to my doctor about my frustration about my slow metabolism,  she prescribed Qsymia. I started in mid September and I&#039;ve lost 17 lbs more in 2 months. I&#039;m now down to 217 and falling. I feel good, and plan to keep going. Biggest side effects are fatigue and constipation.  I can handle that.  I like being able to feel my hip bones again."
"I began taking klonopin when it first came on the market in the 80&#039;s. When nothing else would even touch it, klonopin stopped my severe anxiety and panic attacks completely within the first week. Klonopin gave me my life back. I never thought I would be anxiety and panic free but I was and still am. This drug continues to be a miracle for me. I was on 4 mgs a day when my panic/anxiety was at its worst, but I am now on a low maintenance dose of 0.5mgs 2x a day. It&#039;s not for everyone, but for those who benefit from it, it&#039;s a godsend. Don&#039;t be afraid to try it. It changed my life for the better. Hands down, a miracle drug for me."
"I was started on Prozac 20mg earlier this week after trying Lexapro previously, and I have already noticed a huge difference! Before, my anxiety and depression got to the point where it was difficult for me to socialize, or to feel like I was &quot;all there&quot;. Felt like I was always fighting through a dense fog. The inability to concentrate was exhausting. This medicine feels like it is, slowly but surely, clearing that foggy feeling. I am looking forward to the next few weeks, as I was told that is when it would reap its benefits entirely. I would highly recommend."
"If your reading this I know what your going thru. With or without medication therapy if you can make it to your 4th 24hours without using, you&#039;re out of the woods. I saw so many success stories posted here, you can do it too! Trust me don&#039;t give up. You&#039;re going to feel completely nuts for the first 3 days if ur going cold turkey - when u get to day 4 your good as new. If ur going the sub. route once you take your last bump or shoot that last shot of H. If u can just hold on for about a minimum of 16hrs from your last dose which should put u at about moderate withdrawal.. think of it as the last time you,ll EVER have to feel like this. Wait 16-18hrs (preferably 18hrs) then put that suboxone under your tounge n lay down. 10-20min later ur 100% golden"
"I got Implanon inserted a month and a day ago and I couldn&#039;t be more excited!  I was a little nervous as I&#039;ve never been on a progestin only birth control method (always been on combination hormones), but so far, so great!  The procedure was super easy.  I did have a bruise that lasted about 2-3 weeks and my period that I had when I got it implanted lasted about 2 weeks as well (which made me nervous I was going to be a constant bleeder on this!), but since then, nothing!  It looks like I will be one of the lucky few to not have any bleeding on this birth control method.  But, even if I do, the idea of not having to think about birth control for 3 years (I always forgot pills), is so exciting to me, I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll care!"
"I&#039;ve used this product before with no problems.   However, I took a dose at 6AM this morning because of a nagging cough and have been extremely sick ever since.  Horrible diarrhea, dizziness and nausea.  Sitting in bed with a trash can next to me wishing that I would just throw up so I&#039;d feel better.  I hope this doesn&#039;t last 12 hours.  I&#039;m getting to old to waste a day in bed."
"I got the implant in January of 2014 after my daughter was born. It was easily inserted, painless and only left a tiny dot of a scar. I did get a period the first month which last 18 days. I was very worried that it would continue like that and considered getting it removed, but after the period ended I went over a year before I had another one, which lasted only 2 days. Now a year and a half later I am starting to get short periods (2 days) every two months. I think the implant is wonderful. I like not having to worry about taking a pill or having condoms on hand every time my husband and I wanted to get intimate. The only real negative thing about it has been the weight gain; about 15 pounds that just won&#039;t come off! :-)"
"I started Victoza 2 weeks ago with the 0.6 dose for four days and then increased to 1.2. On about day 10 I had a rough day of feeling sick to my stomach. Stayed home from work and slept it off.  Since then I have some feelings of mild stomach sickness, but I find if I just get busy I forget.  I have lost about 5 lbs but most importantly my blood sugars are down in the 110 to 120 range with morning spikes at 150. Far better than the 190  I was running all the time.  There are times when I feel full and eat less, not always, but this is giving me a real opportunity to re-evaluate my portions at meal time.  I hope the medicine continues to work and if I can lose about 40 lbs, keep it off, manage my food, I must just be able to control type 2!"
"I was prescribed 10mg 3x a day. Was advised to take it at night because it would most likely make me sleep. I took it about 2 hrs after I ate and immediately started feeling groggy. I slept well for about 2 hrs but then woke up with severe stomach pains. After about 2 hrs of walking, drinking water, hot compresses, I started to get diarrhea and then vomiting. I&#039;m so tired but my stomach feels like it keeps cramping over and over and it&#039;s super painful. I would not recommend this drug. I would rather have the shoulder pain."
"I have been suffering from adult acne for over a year and finally plucked up the courage to see the dermatologist for the first time in my life and boy, am I glad I did!  I have been using Epiduo paired with an oral antibiotic (Solodyn) for about 1 1/2 months and my skin already looks better.  I did have the redness on my first application (like a sunburn) and there was a good amount of dryness around my mouth for the first few weeks, but if you stop applying to those dry areas, it gets better. I also experienced some burning - but only in the dry areas. I didn&#039;t really have an initial breakout, just a few little pimples that were NOTHING like the huge cysts that I had been so used to getting.  Another pro - my skin is SO SOFT now."
"I have taken several medicines for depression and anxiety in the past. None have worked and would cause me to have terrible insomnia at night. Celexa has been great. At first I experienced dizziness and was very sleepy. I also had nausea and GI upset. After a week, the side effects went away. I feel more relaxed and do not worry about things that used to stress me out. I sleep great at night. I take 10 mg at night. I am so glad I tried this medicine."
"Severe diarrhea and fatigue"
"I&#039;ve been dealing with vertigo for 8 years. It got to the point that I literally thought I may die one day, since the spinning would (rarely) get so fast that I couldn&#039;t see. It was making my life more of a hell than an actual life, as I was scared to leave my house. 6 months ago I was diagnosed with meniere&#039;s and put on a water pill 1x per day and valium to use only as needed. I just can&#039;t explain to you how much it has helped me!! I have my life back! But, I never leave a room without carrying the bottle of valium with me, just in case."
"I was offered this medicine by my doctor to try after 30 years of suffering with migranes. Within 20 minutes the symptoms are gone. The heavy feeling across my chest, arms and neck and difficulty swallowing are inconvenient, but I am functional and it is easier to tolerate than a 3 day incapacitating headache. The cost almost floored me. $187.00 for 8/ 20 mg. pills. I will only use it under the most extreme circumstances."
"Ineffective. Stayed awake. Restless night. Eyes are heavy but unable to sleep."
"I just finished treatment. I am going for my blood work today. Overall, Epclusa was manageable but I did experience very low energy days, brain fog, insomnia. But I think that is a result of sleep deprivation. Mood fluctuations were extreme some days. Nonetheless, I feel hopeful. 
All blood work has been normal so far...!"
"This is the only thing that works for me, have tried Nexium Prilosec and countless other stomach medications. Always go back to Prevacid."
"I am selecting GERD only because I can&#039;t get a correct diagnosis. Been taking Prilosec, Prevacid etc with no help, symptoms include pain that mimicked heart attack, anything I eat feels &quot;Stuck&quot; halfway down esophagus, vomiting almost everything I eat or drink, night time is a horror; acid runs right up into nose and vomit 4-5 times per night

Nexium almost immediately stopped all symptoms with no side effects

I&#039;m not a Doctor but all I can say is it has been a miracle for me"
"I have take LoSeasonique for 9 months now (3 packs). At first it was great and I was all excited about 1 period every 3 months. I was wrong. This was my first birth control ever! At first I had mood swings, I&#039;d be fine then next thing I&#039;m angry then I&#039;m crying over something stupid. I can handle the mood swings but the spotting was horrible. I would get my bleeding into the 5th week mark and then it would go away for a few days then come back and wouldn&#039;t stop until maybe 3 days of the sugar pills. My skin had cleared up but now when I get pimples they scar. oh and the sex life was gone of the bleeding. I stopped taking it just today and I can already feel my hormones getting crazy. "
"I became ill in 1982 at age 33 with encephalitis, brain damage on temporal lobe, and grand mal seizures.  The next year I was also diagnosed with Lupus in addition to epilepsy.  It took 5 years and NIH treatment of 250 mg of Mysoline/ 3 times a day to control my seizures.
It has been controlling my seizures and I am now 65.
AARP denied my brand name Mysoline for seizures even though I was going to pay high co-pays. We pay our own insurance so this is a real problem.  The worst is fighting AARP to pay their part when I know Mysoline works for 27 years.  How  can a person at a desk just suggest other medicines to take when your doctor and you state that this is the best one for you.  "
"I have suffered from this condition starting in my 30&#039;s....antibiotics made me nauseous, other prescription ointments didn&#039;t help much either.  Now I was given a wash, it doesn&#039;t smell too bad and it seems to be working already very well after two uses.  My face is much less red and the postules are already going away, too.  I am confident that this medication will help me out a great deal"
"I know everyone is different but I had to have skyla removed after one week due to the pain it caused."
"I&#039;m trying not to freak out. I just had a baby 2 months ago today actually, so I&#039;m not wanting another one right away. But last night we decided to not use a condom but my partner did pull out. But I was still so worried and freaking out. So today he went and got the plan b it was about 19 hours after we had sex everyone&#039;s stories made me feel better, I&#039;m suppose to start in 5 days still a bit nervous thou"
"I was prescribed 10mg pills for insomnia; I fall asleep readily, but can&#039;t stay asleep for more than 2 hours at a time. That&#039;s partially due to having dry mouth; drink something, have to go to the bathroom, wake up with a dry mouth, drink something, go to bathroom - vicious cycle. I&#039;m awake for about 15 minutes after each episode.
I took doxepin for 4 days out of 9. I started having very vivid dreams, to the point that I did not know what was actually real the next day. I also started feeling &quot;who am I?&quot;, &quot;where am I?&quot;,&quot;what am I doing here? - in other words, very disoriented. I had walked to a neighbor&#039;s house to get paperwork for the Civic Assn. I truly had no clue what the lists were, or what they were for. I glad I made it back home."
"I put up with pain in lower back after strain for a week,  I tried the voltaren gel before bed,  it gave me relief from pain initially but I woke up at 4am in even worse pain. I&#039;m not going to use again.  I&#039;m going back to tumeric and black pepper, and heat packs and stretches."
"75 next year and despite gym work, young attitude, good looks and bod (for 74) prostate and ED have been real problems for some time. Tried 5 mgs daily for almost 1 month, and prostate benefits not too impressive. Depending on mood (psychological issue?)  10 to 20 mgs good for ED if not a bit mechanical. May trial again for a while though price here in Oz  round $150 for 4 weeks @ 5mgs a day is no plus!"
"Hi everyone! I&#039;ve been on Reclipsen for over a year now and I didn&#039;t think it was that bad. I thought I had finally found my birth control but now I have changed. I loved this pill because it really controlled my periods and cramps. I had little cramps and lighter periods, but my period wouldn&#039;t start until 3 days after taking the sugar pills. I&#039;ve been reading other comments about headaches and I can agree that I have had headaches every other night but they weren&#039;t bad. I could still fall asleep. I am changing to a different pill because I didn&#039;t like how I gained weight on this pill. I gained 10 pounds at least, and I&#039;ve been getting heavier. It&#039;s really hard to lose the weight on this pill also. time for a change!"
"Overall, it is doing okay. I do sweat alot and it does interact with other medicines which I&#039;m on."
"This is the only migraine treatment that has ever had any effect for me.  I&#039;ve tried everything the is for migraines. The doctors even gave me anti-depressants to see if that would help and blood pressure pills even though I already have low blood pressure. They even tried giving me a strong dosage of muscle relaxers. Nothing at all helped my migraines until Treximet.  This is the best medication out there for migraines."
"Have been taking temazepam  to counter waking up at 3 am every night for many years.  It has helped me sleep through the night, but I am noticing more confusion, memory problems, some balance issues, dizziness, lethargy.  I have cut back from 2 pills/night to 1 with some difficulty with getting to sleep.  I would like to slowly cut my dosage once again to see if it would clear up what I think are the side effects  of taking this medication.  I would like to get off it completely and see if yoga and relaxation CDs might help me instead."
"Amlodipine 10mg is helping to lower my blood pressure but the side effects are troublesome i.e. swollen feet, ankles, knees and also occasional dizziness."
"EXTREMELY addicting and after a while you need more AND more to sleep. Also, in mornings I would find cooked meals, tv and lights on, and scary time I found bicycle out front! !!  STAY AWAY FROM THIS AND LANISTA."
"I was diagnosed with Metastic Breast Cancer five years ago and have been on Faslodex for four years which has made my cancer stable.  The side effects I experience are; sweating, hot flashes again, severe bone pain, nausea, fatigue big time, constipation, etc.  It is worth it to me because it is all tolerable and the other alternative is my cancer would start growing again.  I call this my chemo because it is stopping my cancer.  I am also losing all my teeth because of dry mouth and don&#039;t know if that is from the Faslodex or the harsh chemo I was on before."
"My experience with Nexplanon is going incredibly wrong. I got it inserted six weeks postpartum and came on my period instantly for two weeks, the bleeding was incredibly heavy. Then I thought it was over but its only been a week since I have been off my period and now I&#039;m back on."
"Excellent for irritable bowel syndrome symptoms like gas and general stomach malaise. Works fast but is expensive!"
"I noticed on day 4 that I became calmer, and my attitude is totally positive now, nothing bothers me, and at work, on IT helpdesk, the employees who call in ask what I have been smoking because I&#039;m so nice.  I&#039;m sure this is a good thing, but I feel a little goofy sometimes, like my brain won&#039;t work, and I fell in front of the office the other day but I wasn&#039;t dizzy.  I caught the toe of my shoe in a crack of the sidewalk and went down before I even knew I was falling.  I fell hard. I have sexual side effects and can&#039;t climax anymore but I don&#039;t miss it cause my desire has been taken away as well.  On the whole, I like it.  Buspar made me sleepy and I want to lose the Anxiety without any sleepiness, so this works."
"Really helps with my anxiety, which is the main reason for going on it. However the underlying depression that was masked by anxiety is not being helped by Citalopram. So rate it for anxiety but find it makes me emotionless, totally apathetic and tired all time.  So solves one problem but makes me feel even more depressed."
"I had cancer and went through a year of treatments .. the chemo threw me full force into menopause... and just when I thought I was getting back to normal...I had major depression and awful anxiety.  It was very debilitating - I was angry and crying all the time.  I started on 50mg of Pristiq and it helped slightly within a couple of days.. the anger went away, they upped my dose to 100mg and almost 6 weeks to the day...it was like somebody turned the light switch on.  I had no side effects at all and best of all I feel completely normal not drugged or off center...just GREAT!"
"I took 150 mg Wellbutrin XR (bupropion) for about three or four years. My doc upped the medicine to 300 mg and with that came a twitching side effect. This side effect actually went unnoticed for a while but then it started becoming more pronounced with time. It only affected my face which made it scarier. Stuttering, trouble swallowing, and Tourette-like uncontrollable movements on the right side of my face were some of my experiences. I have to say this medicine worked very well for me for a long time. I would even encourage others to use this medicine but everyone is different and the 300 mg dose just pushed my body over the edge."
"I started titrating and I&#039;m close to reaching max dose of 50mg 2x day. I have experienced severe insomnia, restlessness, and anxiety along with depression.  I also take abilify, Ativan, klonopin, and extended release ambien and I still can&#039;t fall asleep. The fibro pain however, is almost gone."
"I have had an awful experience on this pill. I switched to it 9 months ago, and since then I&#039;ve gained about 15 lbs. It&#039;s given me terrible acne and headaches. I&#039;m waiting for a different pill now, I can&#039;t wait to be off of this stuff. Everyone has different reactions to different BC&#039;s, but I would highly suggest using a different one if you can."
"Controls A-fibrillation but be careful about it dropping blood sugar. I felt extremely jittery, anxious, disoriented, and numbness in the hands and feet on a relatively small dose of Propranolol (20mg three times daily)."
"I&#039;ve been taking Wellbutrin for two years for depression. My general mood, concentration, and energy levels are much improved. I have a tendency towards anxiety, but most bad, depressed, or anxious moods last approximately half an hour and then go away. Before I took Wellbutrin, these moods could have lasted days. It slightly decreased my appetite and I&#039;ve lost ten pounds. Negative side effects have included dry mouth, headaches, and occasional dizziness. Despite these, Wellbutrin has improved my life a lot and I believe that the medicine is more than worth trying."
"I had a few small GW right at the opening of my vagina. The doctor prescribed imiquimod 3x a week for 6-10 hrs. HOWEVER she told me that I could get about 2-3 applications per packet because I didn&#039;t have too much. I applied VERY small amounts. Like I&#039;m talking about a grain of rice on a q tip small. I got about 4 applications from one packet. The 2nd night I think I might have put too much on and I woke up with a swollen throat and a weird taste in my mouth and swollen armpit lymphs so thats when I decreased my dose amount. After that I had no side effects except for a small swollen armpit lymph node. NO PAIN NO ITCHING NO SCABBING. Just used vaseline before applying and took vitamins C and D everyday. Now about 3 weeks in I&#039;m wart free."
"I am bipolar and my whole life struggled with getting a good night&#039;s sleep.  Ambien 10MG worked great for 2 months, then stopped working well unless I chewed the pill and took it with 0.5 Klonopin.  Switched to Ambien CR but Ambien CR gives me less sleep - I know it says its supposed to keep you asleep longer and better but regular Ambien would give me 5 hours, wake up for the restroom (drink a lot of water as on lithium for bipolar) and if I take a tiny bite of a 0.5 Klonopin tablet, able to go back to sleep. Doctor gave me trazadone to help me sleep better as Ambien 10MG doesn&#039;t knock me out like at first after a few months -- trazodone with Ambien definitely knocked me out for 9 hours -- probably longer but the alarm was set."
"Took my first Naltrexone pill yesterday. Waited for an hour and felt calm. Decided to try the Sinclair Method my opening a bottle of wine. I never drank so slow in my life and could not go past a glass and a half. This has not happened to me in over 10 years. I can down 2 bottle of wines plus more on a daily basis and yesterday I experienced something so different. I threw away the rest of the wine. I am going to use this for a year and see if I can break out of the habit. It has been prescribed in the UK for alcohol treatment for over a year now and addiction clinics can prescribe them under some guidance. "
"Yes it works real good im addicted to it. I have been taking it for the last 4 years. It works better on a empty stomach. But I don&#039;t recommend taking it every night are you will get addicted to it like me. And since I have been on it for 4 years I have found other ways to make it work faster and better, ! The down side on taking the prescribe drug is can&#039;t remembering nothing the next day. My wife have told me some of the crazy things I have done while on Ambien and I don&#039;t be remembering none of the crazy things she says. So if you take Ambien  I suggest you get in the bed and stay in the bed. I will be trying to go cold turkey to get off the drug!"
"Uh, I loved this birth control. No need to take a pill everyday go to the pharmacy every month, beautiful. I got the insert in November 2013 6 weeks after having my daughter and I haven&#039;t had a period since. I&#039;ve gained 30 pounds and I breastfed my daughter until she was a year old. When I stopped breastfeeding I gained even more weight. If that&#039;s not enough, I randomly have the worst acne and I don&#039;t mean a pimple here and there full on acne all the time scars, etc, etc. Last but not least I am a bear to be around. I hate it but I can&#039;t control it! Getting it removed next week and praying for positive results."
"Just started this medicine 3 days ago, have been in near constant pain for 16 years. It is a life saver. Only side effects have been trouble sleeping and moderate headache but I feel so much better than on hydrocodone. Feel no pain at all. Energy is boundless! Has helped my depression and I&#039;m not as hungry as usual. Very happy with product."
"I too started Pristiq after 17 years of being on antidepressants. I also have tried everything out there. I did not feel anything at all for the first 2 weeks. However, I started to have these slight body aches - never did I attribute this to the medicine. After another week on this medication, I also could not stay awake for longer than 2 hours at a time. I began having body aches. I could not make it through a day at work, I could barely get out of bed in the morning, and there was no way I could do my household chores. I had many blood tests ran and everything came back normal. I finally realized it may be the Pristiq and after just 3 days of being off of it, I was completely pain free and not tired."
"Great way to quit. I&#039;m on my 5th day now and find myself lighting up and it tastes horrible and know in a few days I will be done! I&#039;m very happy I started this product. Dreams are what I was afraid of but nothing too weird."
"Vicitrol saved my life. After going to rehab a few times, I was exposed to the option of getting the monthly vivitrol muscular injection. The first month I was on it I tried to use opiates just to test it and see if it worked and I felt nothing. After that experience I knew that this would be more helpful than any other method. I continued getting the shot until I found out I was pregnant. With over three years clean I can say with confidence that this shot is worth it if you are serious about changing your life. I am grateful every day for the second chance it help give me."
"I had a lot of stomach issues - IBS-D.  I suspected it might be due to anxiety.

Buspirone has made a huge difference.  I can live a normal life without being in fear of the stomach issues coming up at the most inconvenient times.  I feel comfortable eating out and going to people&#039;s houses.  I used to take four immodium a day to control the stomach issues.  Now, I rarely take it.  Buspirone also had a very gradual effect...things kept getting better. I had to recently reduce the dose a bit as I&#039;d get dizzy after taking it but it still works.

Doctors had insisted that I try antidepressants first.  The side effects (several brands and low doses) were awful and the medications didn&#039;t help."
"I have been taking this for a horrible dental infection.  Dentist did a pulpectomy but was unable to do a full root canal because of the infection. 

I have been on the medication for two days now and have not experienced any of the side effects mentioned.  I do have stomach issues resulting from a recent gall bladder removal but nothing has changed since starting this medication.  I always take medications with plenty of water/liquid.  As others suggested, it is always a good idea to take antibiotics with a probiotic (pills/yogurt) and to continue it for a few weeks after the antibiotics."
"this is the best I&#039;ve used nothing works as well...and believe me I tried a few."
"I was miserable. .....sad.....nervous! MD recommended neurontin.....it saved my life! 400 mg three times a day!"
"It works."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control pills for about a month now. My experience with it is not that bad, the only effects I&#039;ve been having are spotting after my period, some changes of mood, more bleeding on my period, my breast has been getting bigger (tho I like this effect), and the cramps are a little stronger, no headaches, no depression,  no weight gain (but if I get some weight in the future it will be fantastic), and it has been helping me with my yeast infeccion, and the most important, still not pregnant. I hope that my body will adjust to this hormones and some of this effects will reduce or disapear."
"The medication itself works which is the only positive thing I can say.   This &quot;needleless&quot; injection is so much more painful than any needle I&#039;ve ever experienced.  I&#039;ll be going back to real injections.  My leg is still throbbing in pain 30 minutes later and it took over 5 minutes to stop the bleeding!   I&#039;ve never had pain or bleeding with an Imitrex shot through a hypodermic needle.  Who would choose this?"
"I&#039;ve been on Victoza for 3 weeks and have lost over 10 lbs. The nausea wasn&#039;t that bad for me I started at 0.6 then 1.2 the second week and now for the 3rd week I&#039;m at 1.8. I can only eat small amounts and at times have to force myself to eat. I&#039;m still watching what I eat and stick to natural foods and not processed or junk. I&#039;m hoping this continues for the long term. I hear that it can lose it&#039;s effectiveness after a while. I&#039;m hoping that doesn&#039;t happen with me. Plus I&#039;m training myself to eat small amounts and good food so hopefully that will help in the long run."
"Works to help open airways, but made me very moody."
"My mother has been taking Namenda for Alzheimer&#039;s for over a year now.  She was first prescribed Aricept which made her more anxious/hyperactive &amp; no noticeable positive impact.  After 2 weeks of Namenda, there was noticeable improvement in her cognitive abilities.  In fact, the light bulb finally went off &amp; she realized she had Alzheimer&#039;s.  She spent the next several days on the phone breaking the news to family and friends, who had known for over 2 years by that time.  My opinion:  Namenda keeps her in 2013 - in the present.  Her logic, reasoning, problem-solving skills, short term memory, comprehension and communication skills are impaired from the disease, but she recognizes this and acknowledges her feelings of confusion."
"Very effective, but very addictive. You may not realize until you stop taking it. 
What do you do? 
It helps the condition...but you become dependent on the drug?"
"I have been taking ActosPlus Met 15/850 for Type 2 Diabetes for approximately 3 years.  My HbA1C has been steady between 6.0 and 6.3.  If I&#039;m having side-effects, they are not noticeable.  The price, however, must put a smile on the pharmaceutical company CEO&#039;s face.  It would be nice to see it go generic!"
"I was on Vyvanse for ADD. I started off at 30mg and enjoyed the ability to better focus my attention on tasks and it worked as an appetite suppressant. I increased it to 50mg and that is when my eyes started to become blurry. I decreased it back down to 30mg and I still had blurry eyes at times so I discontinued using the medicine. While using the medicine, I took my Vyvanse in the morning early and then 50mg of Zoloft in the early afternoon. If I took both pills at the same time in the morning I become agitated and felt like EVERYTHING was important and found it hard to concentrate. It was a really weird rush of emotions. If it doesn&rsquo;t make your eyes blurry or make you agitated this is an awesome drug. It started working within a week."
"I&#039;ve had it going on 8 months. I gained 25 lbs in the first two months, I&#039;m irrationally moody, and now going on week 7 of continuous period. I&#039;m going to look for another form of contraception."
"The product may work beautify, but I will never know as the smell is one of my allergies and I can not overcome my instinctive avoidance long enough to get the desired relief"
"Started drinking this concoction and the very first thing that came to mind was &quot;Why does this stuff have to taste so bad? Why can&#039;t it have nice chocolate flavor? Is the science that created it incapable? I mean really, does it need to taste like what it is meant to produce?"
"I have been on this for two and a half weeks and I started off at 181.00  lb and today I&#039;m 169.8 lb so far I&#039;m happy with it."
"This has been an amazing contraceptive. My girlfriend is really happy with the results and I find it to be very effective."
"42 years old and did not know I had Low Testosterone until about two years ago.  I just thought my tired and hum drum attitude was attributed to my &quot;flip flop&quot; shift work. Had my blood checked and found my levels were in the 100-150 levels. Started Fortesta and after several Doctor&#039;s visits and screenings to get the dosage right I was doing great. It is a shame that the discount program was discontinued in September of this year due to the generic coming out. My price went from 25 dollars to 100 dollars a month. With my insurance generic is the same as brand name now."
"This product saved me! I&#039;ve always had perfect skin growing up. right in the middle of senior year, my face broke out into awful acne. 2 years later at 20 years old, after trying every product out there, my dermatologist got me to try one last thing, which was Biacna! I put on a thick layer before going to bed and as soon as I woke up, my face was very red, but all the zits on my face were 80% smaller if not completely gone! My face is basically 90% cleared after 3 months of use (3-4 times a week) now all I need to worry about are all the scars! feel so good to not need to put on a pound of makeup everyday and to actually be confident again! if you suffer from acne, THIS PRODUCT WILL CHANGE YOUR LIFE! please give it a try!!!"
"I tried this for about 4 months and at first it seemed to work fine, but then I started spotting almost all the time and my periods began to become irregular and lasted a for days longer with more intense cramps than I used to have. It also did make me a little bit more moody, but not drastically so. I decided to have the rod removed because I don&#039;t like being so irregular and dealing with cramps that are more intense than the intense cramps I usually experienced without birth control. I&#039;m not sure how it worked for me when it comes to preventing pregnancy since I got this to begin birth control before getting married and have yet to marry my fiance and so on. This may work for other women, but unfortunately it wasn&#039;t the best fit for m"
"Lifesaver for adrenaline rush feelings. The smallest dose cut in half makes me feel calm, slows my racing heart and heart palpitations, and puts me to sleep. I couldn&#039;t have survived lyme disease without it. The only bad things are it will make you tired and after being on it for 2 weeks straight, you&#039;re likely to have rebound anxiety. If you have long term anxiety SSRIs are the best choice."
"it is important to use Clomiphene together with aromatase blocker like Anastrazole to prevent an increase of the Estradiol (E2). The described effect of &quot;euforia&quot; can be extended for weeks and in many cases, the BPH (Enlarged Prostate) disappear as a side effect of this combination. without aromatase blocker increased testosterone levels turn into increased E2 levels that irritate the prostate even more in cases where hypogonadism was caused by hyper-efficient aromatase process.  

also, many side effects are caused not by clomiphene nor testosterone but by increased E2 levels.

regular control of T, E2, FH, FSH and PSA is advised. Certain levels of E2 are important for spermatogenesis and the ability to experience sexual climax in men."
"Recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes and started out with metformin. Metformin did nothing to control my blood sugar. Was put on Victoza and within 3 days blood sugars were normal but have terrible indigestion with horrible rotten egg smell. Got to talk to my doc about that. But I have lost 30 pounds in 2 months while on Victoza. No nausea. But I don&#039;t have an appetite which has caused me to eat way less food. Im taking the 1.6 mg dose. Overall satisfied with the medicine but I have read reports of a lot of people getting cancer in their pancreas and thyroids."
"I have taken hydrochlorothiazide for almost 20 years.  Had to increase to 50mg.  Never really brought my blood pressure to normal until it was taken in conjunction with Lisinopril.  My blood pressure is perfect now.  HCTZ is great for water retention.  Need to take it in the morning as in the evening I was constantly waking up to relieve my bladder."
"I had this implanted in late July 2013 and spotted the next week for a day. I haven&#039;t had a period since then until today, which is slight spotting. It is now January 22nd 2014. The insertion was painless (the numbing shot hurt more then the actual implant). The week following wasn&#039;t so bad just sore in the insertion area. My Acne has increased a bit about 2x as bad as it was (which was like 3-5 zits and very few blackheads per period). The other problem is the weight gain, In the first two months on it I gained at least 10 pounds. Other than that this was incredibly  convenient. I am super forgetful, hate taking pills, and have a crazy schedule so going to the Dr. was hard. It is incredibly effective though."
"So I&#039;ve tried Phentermine, Belviq, and Topiramate for weight loss. I&#039;m a 5&#039;7 250lb male in my 20s. Out of the 3, Belviq was in the middle. It was good for my mood because I suffer from anxiety. But it only reduced my appetite so much. It kind of helped, but it wasn&#039;t as great as people say. I wouldn&#039;t give it an 8/10 like many on here. I would say anywhere between 5-7/10. It&#039;s also very expensive."
"Lunesta is a wonderful medication;  I have used it daily since 2006.  It works just as well today as when I started.  I fall asleep quickly and sleep the entire night.  Waking up is no problem. The taste in the early mornings is there but I don&#039;t mind since this drug works so well.  For those whom insurance doesn&#039;t cover, go to Lunesta website for coupon. "
"I have horrible anxiety from my PTSD, not military related. I have been on nerontin for 2 months for my anxiety. It does not help me at all. Now I am just tired all the time. Which makes my anxiety worse. I have noticed my back pain is better."
"This made my very sick to my stomach. I couldn&#039;t even finish the bottle. I stopped the day before yesterday and still have severe nausea and insomnia. I just want to feel better!"
"After many different medicines, this medicine worked the best! Happy with results."
"Apri made me gain weight and lose my sex drive. I was able to take it continuously if I wanted which meant fewer periods. I don&#039;t know if that was worth the other side effects though."
"I had Mirena for 6 months. I&#039;m 20 years old. Never been pregnant. The insertion was very painful-nothing like I ever felt in my stomach before. I just thought to myself maybe this is how giving birth will feel and seriously considered not having a child for a couple of days.  When I got it inserted, my lower right pelvic area hurt a lot. It was localized pain. Very sharp. Gave it 6 months so that my body can get used to it. Results? The pain in my lower right area never went away, I experienced myself having very depressing thoughts, loss of motivation, and NO SEX DRIVE. On the upside, I didn&#039;t gain weight. At the end? I got the Mirena removed 2 days ago."
"After five years, I can honestly say I love this birth control. I should&#039;ve been pregnant 6x over, as I have sex on average once a day every day with my boyfriend. No period for five years is also a HUGE plus; I had terrible periods, now nothing. 
Downsides: I&#039;ve always had acne, and still do. Might&#039;ve made it a bit worse, but I can&#039;t be certain it was the birth control. 
I have gained about ten pounds, but it could also be because I started this birth control when I was so young, and I&#039;m now growing into my body. I&#039;m only 21. 
Low sex drive. I used to think about sex all the time; now I never crave it. I do it more now for him. I think it&#039;s turned me asexual.
Overall though, no periods and no pregnancies are good with me!"
"I started Nortrel August 2016, and whenever I went on it my appetite increased like crazy and I became severely depressed. I started binge eating and gained about 20 lbs in two months. For a while I didn&#039;t put two and two together and thought that I was just depressed and developing terrible eating habits. The next few months I was going through therapy and trying to get my binge eating under control. Nothing worked and I felt awful. Finally about two months ago I questioned whether the birth control was to blame for all of my problems. I went off and got a Skyla IUD and let me tell you... BEST DECISION EVER! I&#039;ve lost about 5 lbs in a month with no effort and I definitely have noticed that my appetite is back to normal since switching."
"When I started Adipex on 1/15/16 I weighed 224 lbs this is the heaviest I&#039;ve ever been. My doctor said I hit a plateau. I work in a doctors office and when I went to work on 1/26/16 I weight 208 lbs! I weighed myself on 2 other scales because I couldn&#039;t believe it. I wasn&#039;t hungry at all but I knew my body needed nutrients so I have been having protein shakes.  I drank 1 in the morning and one in the evening and I took a multivitamin everyday as well. I have literally lost 16lbs in 2 weeks. Excited to see what I weigh at the end of the month..."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 3 years, it works as I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. My first 3 months were horrible with nausea and vomiting on the first 2 weeks of the pack. I take my pill at night so waking up on the first weeks of the pack was horrible. My doctor warned me of feeling &#039;morning sickness&#039; but the nausea subsided after the 3 months. I still occasionally get some nausea but it&#039;s only if I missed a dose and had to take 2 on the same day. My periods are about 3 days and light. I always get it by the third day of taking the placebo pills.  Some months I get cramps but they&#039;re not painful. I get  PMS one week before my period, and I&#039;ve noticed I get really depressed, emotional And get chin acne. I&#039;ve gotten used to it so I&#039;m okay with it."
"I take Citalopram Hydrobromide 10mg for OCD, anxiety, and depression. I get really agitated when I skip or miss a dose so I really try not to do that. It doesn&#039;t seem to help much for my OCD, anxiety, and depression but it really helps keep me from snapping at someone on a bad day. When I don&#039;t take my medication, it just makes me cry out of nowhere. I was watching tv once and all of a sudden I started bawling my eyes out! I highly suggest this medication for keeping yourself calm even if it does not help with the rest!"
"I have a condition called endometrial hyperplasia.  Basically, my uterus is thick, my uterine cells produce quickly and cause pain that feeds into my muscle cells during menstruation.  I have had two children and constant pain during my cycles.  My OB suggested Seasonique to get rid of my cycle and end my pain.  After a while my abdominal pain is TOTALLY gone. I also have a much more stable mood. Once you get through one full cycle the spotting decreases and things level out.  I suggest not stopping until you have tried it for at least 3-6 months."
"I find this new antidepressant the best I have tried so far and I have tried so very many.  I give it 95/100, only because it gives me really really bad hot flushes through the night which wake me up and I toss and turn and get hot and cold - all night."
"I would suggest anyone on this, to stop or take a break once you&#039;ve noticed your reasoning, memory recall abilities becoming hindered.  Even though I&#039;m happy with the benefits of focus, it&#039;s not worth losing your short-term memory.  Overtime, I noticed my math skills declined, followed by my word recall, spelling and now I can&#039;t remember stories or study material.  It&#039;s extremely debilitating, I&#039;m trying to figure out how to reverse the side effects."
"Loved this medication.  Particularly loved the sedative side effect, because I had been unable to sleep more than an hour or two at a time, prior to taking mirtazapine.  The only drawback was that my appetite, and consequently my weight increased dramatically over time.  After taking it for 10 years I had to find a medication that would not make it so difficult to lose and maintain weight, but I have never found a medication that made me feel so good, relaxed, and able to sleep."
"I was prescribed Cymbalta when I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia last year. Cymbalta is by far the worst medicine I could ever imagine being on. It did nothing for my fibromyalgia pain. I stayed on it to see if it would work with time, nothing. I told my doctor I felt no better about my fibromyalgia pain and decided to wean off. This is the ugly part. My dose went from 60mg to 30mg for the next two weeks and then I was told to take it every other day for 2 weeks and so I did. Here I am 3 days off of it completely and I feel horrendous. Muscles are stiff, mouth is constantly dry, diarrhea is nonstop, vomiting, constant nausea, headache, body zaps, brain zaps, feeling exhausted but can&#039;t sleep. Cymbalta is hell. Please avoid at all costs."
"I started Pristiq 2 years ago and have been on risperidone for about 20 years.  These two drugs have kept me feeling quite fuzzy and warm. There is not much that I can&#039;t tackle in a day. I am like Teflon when it comes to negativity. 100 mg a day. No worries. I have lost about 30 lbs and have quit smoking after 20 yrs. Pristiq has been my wonder drug. I don&#039;t plan on stopping this medication anytime soon."
"Works great for Tempromandibular joint. "
"Wonderful birth control. My fiance feels the Nuvaring but doesn&#039;t mind. No side effects and it doesn&#039;t affect my depression. It occasionally moves the wrong way but is easy enough to move back in to place. I don&#039;t have to remember to take it at any one time and only have to remember anything for it twice a month. Love it!"
"I started the patch on Friday and by saturday night I had started crying uncontrollably for no reason at all. This has not stopped and today I&#039;m missing school because of that and the gnarly cramps I&#039;m also experiencing. I plan on calling my doctor today to see if I should try something different or wait and see if everything levels out."
"I got the Nexplanon injected in March 2015, up until 2 weeks ago I was loving it! Ok I got the Depo Shot for 16 years and it was great. But my Obgyn made me stop getting it because of my bone density. In those 16 years I only had maybe 2 or 3 periods and I loved it! Ok now with the Nexplanon I noticed at first I had no spotting or period up to these past 2 weeks and sometimes I bleed lightly or just spot so I&#039;m finding myself having to use tampons, something I was not used to. But when I first noticed some spotting about a month ago, my obgyn gave me some birth control pills and it stopped then, but here I am now worse and I really don&#039;t know what to do because the pills won&#039;t stop it now. "
"I too have been taking Belviq a week.  I also use LOSE IT app on my phone and have a daily calorie budget of 1,330 cal.  I have lost 11 pounds and have NEVER felt hungry. And NO side effects!  It&#039;s been very easy!"
"I&#039;ve been on bupropion for depression several years with dry mouth being the only side effect. Panic attacks started a couple of years ago. Take Xanax and it works great for me. Last year the panic attacks started occurring more often with severe anxiety this past fall. I didn&#039;t want to get addicted to Xanax by taking several times or more a week. Started Buspirone 7.5 mg 2/x per day. I felt relief from my anxiety in about 3 weeks, but around 8-10 week mark I felt like it contributed to weight gain and bloating . Taking 7.5 only once a day lessened side effects. However 3mo. now weight gain is 5-6 lbs (a lot for 5&#039;1&quot;), bloated and water retention none of which is reducing with proper diet, exercise and increased water intake."
"It brought me out of a deep dark hole."
"Like many of the reviewers here I discovered the benefits of the medicine for depression by accident. It had been prescribed for back pain after I hurt by back lifting a heavy bag out of the car trunk at the airport. Yes, it helped in a with the back pain from 
the injury but it totally destroyed my depression immediately. It works in less than 1 hour and you will feel uplifted and hopeful .If you suffer from depression talk with your Dr.  about Tramadol. Plain and simple...it works and works fast. No kidding this is a depression killer."
"My daughter is 11 months and has taken Omnicef for 4 days now. Using it for bilateral ear infection. She has spit up a few times but is feeling a whole lot better.  No other side effects. Hopefully she will keep getting better. Only time will tell. Definitely would recommend this antibiotic."
"I&#039;m 25 years old. I have never taken Any form of BC before. Well except condoms lol. Any ways.. I have always had irregular periods. I would skip a month or sometimes 2. I was always tired and would just get in a funk. Well the past 2 month&#039;s I have had 4 periods 2 weeks apart and they would last up to 8 or 9 days. Had tinder breast for almost the same amount of time.. Sometimes they hurt so bad I wanted to cry. I had enough... I went to my doctor and he prescribed me these.. Been on them for 2 weeks. I have been in a better mood and have more energy. I did wake up with a little cramping this morning and I had a little spot of blood in my undies but I&#039;m fine now. Oh and my breasts stopped hurting... Yay thank the Lord."
"Where to start, after losing two family members in a month I went into a deep off the charts depression according to my doctor--I was close to suicide because I felt so horrible, I lost 50lbs in just a few months, could not sleep or sit still. My mind raced from morning till night and I couldn&#039;t control it. I was a perfectly normal person prior to this. My doctor gave me Lexapro, HORRIBLE, I had a psychotic episode with that. I found a new doctor who specialized in Depression, he gave me 60mg of Paxil along with 10mg of Valium if needed. It took about 1 week to start feeling better and 3 months until I was my old self. I am still on 45mg 3 years later but am symptom free--I highly recommend Paxil--DON&#039;T LET IT GET TOO BAD----SEEK HELP!"
"No major side effects, except very low sex drive. I will be changing my pill as soon as possible because of this."
"I started taking Saxenda Jan 21, 2016 with .6mg and I weighed 222.  First three days I could not eat, when I did it was very little I always felt sick, but after the three days I felt better. No cravings at all, actually no desire for food, I just eat to eat, and give me energy. I always use to eat sweets after every meal, I have not had one sweet since doing the injections. Today it has been 13 days on injections I am up to 1.2mg and am down 9lbs, 213. I feel good and barely any symptoms. I read that the number one side effect is constipation so I started taking magnesium citrate and I have had no issues with that. I have also started going to the gym. I take the medication right before bed around 11-11:30pm."
"When taken at the onset of a migraine, Axert works well with minimal side effects.  If I&#039;ve gone too long before taking it, I will sometimes need a second dose.  Typically post-migraine, I am a bit dopey and slow the following day or so.  While this could be a reaction from the medication, I think it&#039;s mostly just post-migraine symptoms."
"I had a second relapse of Ulcerative Colitis in 2005. I spent 2 weeks in hospital, been given a fist full of medicines and sent home. Nothing worked. I contemplated having surgery to free me of the disease and wear an ostomy. To my eternal gratitude, my Gastro MD suggested Remicade. After my last colonoscopy in 2013, he said if I had not seen you as sick as you were... your colon looks perfectly healthy. I will accept the side effects (I have experienced none as of yet) to have my life back. Remicade has assistance programs to help those who need it. I am not a spokesman, I do not sell this. But I use and will as long as I can. I wish this medicine was around for my Dad as he suffered with Crohns and Colitis for years."
"I definitely lost some weight, my period was super light, lasted 3 days, no cramps and my skin cleared up amazingly. However, with that said, i started getting horrible anxiety while on it. I wouldnt wish that on anyone"
"It&#039;s almost been 1 month of taking this birth control. At first I was experiencing nausea for 5 days then it went away. I have noticed weight gain and I am constantly bloated! I&#039;ve taken anti bloat meds but nothing seems to help. I work out and eat super healthy and the bloat stick and the weight can stick also! I am thinking of dropping this birth control."
"It lessened the frequency of my migraines. But the side effects are not worth the relief it provided. It turned me into a zombie. I didn&#039;t care about anything. I couldn&#039;t even taste my food! And the worst part was it robbed me of my ability to be alarmed by the growing severity of my depression and other serious symptoms. After three months, I was GLAD to detox. 4 days clean and I can almost taste sugar again. Can&#039;t wait til the brain fog lifts."
"I took this one pill the next morning after sex. I woke up shaking and scared because it was a one night stand. I didn&#039;t fully trust him when he said he pulled out even tho I saw him cum when he did pull out. so I couldn&#039;t take the chances. I decided to run to my Walgreens and get one. it was expensive. but works. it&#039;s over the counter and the staff is discrete. they will most likely be in the feminine care isle or with the condemns. I had gotten my period about two weeks before so I wasent expecting it for another two weeks. I took it in the morning and didn&#039;t feel any symptoms. A couple days later maybe a week I got my period!!! I&#039;m not pregnant. The cramps with my period however. we&#039;re painful.They were the worst moral. THIS PILL WORKS"
"I&#039;m 27, 5&#039;1 and my starting weight was 198. I started it last year (2015) in January, followed exactly what your suppose to do, and I was miserable. Headaches, tired all the time, but I figure it was worth it because after 4 months I had lost over 30lbs. Eventually I couldn&#039;t handle it anymore so I stopped taking them. 
Now I started back up again, I&#039;m on my third week and am still on 1 pill in the morning. Its working out great for me. I&#039;m still losing a ton, but without any of the side effects, I drink a ton of water so I wont get the headaches and my energy level is great! I think that when I do plateau, I&#039;ll up my dose, which I shouldn&#039;t get any side effects because I&#039;ve been taking the 1 pill long enough that my body is use to it."
"I have been on this for 2 weeks. Absolutely no effect AT ALL! Nothing but abdominal pain and bloating."
"So I put the ring in on the first day of my period, 2 days later my period stopped and I am feeling nauseous, very tired, lost in appetite, and some discharge. I knew it was just my hormones changing so I knew it was going to pass. Within the three weeks I started to notice how much I was sleeping, mood changes, weight gain, and feeling completely horrible about myself. On the 21st day I took the ring out and a day later I have an unbearable itch/ burn. I went to the doctors and they believe it was from my hormones changing. The ring is very effective I&#039;ve had intercourse plenty of times with no complications like pregnancy or UTI, etc. I will not be putting the ring back in bc the hormones and side effects are too much for me to handle."
"It&#039;s my 4th day on Bactrim and it has not been great. I feel better from the overall symptoms but I&#039;ve been fatigued and super groggy and for the first day I had a horrible headache. I keep feeling my heart pounding in my head and ears, but I agree with pretty much everyone else on here, the symptoms from the cure are better than the symptoms of my bladder/kidney infection. I&#039;ve got 6 more days... Is it effective? Yes. Is it an enjoyable experience? No."
"Suffered from post traumatic stress disorder for over 17 years.  This was the best thing to keep me from having anxiety, triggering a panic attack. Other meds made it worse. Especially if you take an antidepressant like Lexapro. Lexapro alone will not work. Together with the Xanax and Lexapro is the best combination for PTSD!"
"I go into crisis mode when I start to get a cold sore. I get approx. 4-5 a year. Its very depressing especially if you have to do a lot of interaction at work. Abreva is over hyped. It does help but for me it only knocks 2-3 days off the healing which is still great but its not the miracle drug for me like others profess. I try to use abreva during the day and when I go to bed I put on Zovirax (prescription). Sore usually lasts 5-7 days whereas if I don&#039;t use anything it could last 2 weeks.
God, how I hate cold sores!"
"I have no evident side effects. However, I get flushed very quickly when I am out in the sun, even for the shortest time period. I seem to burn faster also."
"So I bought it today , took a shower had my bed ready so I can lay down right away , inserted the cream &amp; OMG I never felt itch so crazy , I had to wash it off and now I feel lil okay but still itch and burns I&#039;m glad I&#039;m not the only one hopefully I feel better tommorrow but I rather go with the pill never again"
"My doctor gave me this to use on my first day of school, and it stopped the seating for about 30 minutes but ever since then I just keep sweating. I don&#039;t know what to do. I&#039;ve tried everything out there."
"Honestly, I think this has made my symptoms worse."
"I have been taking Sprintec for about two years. The first day of my period is still slightly painful, but the pill is extremely effective. My boyfriend finishes inside of me every time we have sex for almost a year now and I have yet to get pregnant."
"Worked well to break my cluster migraine when I took it for 4 days in a row with other migraine/pain meds.  It didn&#039;t work at all when taken by itself."
"Amrix is the best. I have taken many muscle relaxers over the years and they all make me sleepy, (which I despise). I take Amrix after dinner and I sleep comfortably and wake refreshed and able to make it through the day with only Aleve or ibuprofin. I am so greatful for Amrix."
"I was not going to post a review but decided to after realizing there might be someone out there very nervous right now. I had sex a day after my period ended and while I probably didn&#039;t even need it, I was very scared, being a teenager, and decided to take Plan B. I took it five hours after the incident and I didn&#039;t have any side effects. I got my period 1 week 2 days after the pill, which is odd considering I just had it, but Plan B messes up your period. Now I&#039;m not sure whether my next period will come when it was originally supposed to, or in a month, but since I got my period I know Plan B worked. I worried myself sick but reading all the positive reviews helped and I hope this one does too!"
"I was on Zoloft due to depression and anxiety. I am an Army veteran who was diagnosed with GAD and mild to moderate depression. I have been on a variety of medications, however this one was hell. I couldn&#039;t concentrate, my insomnia was worse (I had to take melatonin in order to sleep), I was lightheaded almost everyday. The one thing I hate was being irritated easily were when it came to my family asking me questions, I just wanted to be violent."
"As of today I can safely say that Viberzi has totally stopped working.  I&#039;m going back on two weeks of Xifaxan generic (rifaximin) 550mg three times a day.  it has not been easy with Viberzi  as others on here have said... I had incredibly painful cramps at first.  The gastro said it&#039;d be OK to experiment with dosage. I eventually got to a good place of 100mg in morning and 50mg at nite. It mostly worked for two months but now it&#039;s done. so I&#039;m sad. I hope the rifaximin will work  now that I have been off of it for several months."
"I am 66 yr. old and get a lot of UTI&#039;s after going on the bike, in the pool, and apparatus at the gym that causes friction in that area. I usually get ciproflaxcin, which doesn&#039;t affect me much. But, Macrobid, causes, stomach troubles, nausea, chest and lung problems, chills, fevers, dizziness, palpitations, headaches, and more. I didn&#039;t have time to say &quot; no&quot; to the walk in doc. who gave me this again, but, I will never, ever, use it again. I know it  going to take another week, to get &quot; semi- normal&quot; again, but, this med takes me down every time."
"I have only been taking tresiba for 3 days (43 units in the morning) but my readings are quite a bit lower after meals and I am using less of my novalog. The fluctuation of highs to normal isn&#039;t so frequent and is staying more stable and in a healthy range. No nausea, headaches or any side effects. I will say that I tried victoza last year and that stuff was like poison. The nausea and migraines were unbearable. I have never tried Lantus"
"This was the first time I received Metronidazole for a tooth infection, usually they prescribe Keflex (cephalexin) or Amoxacillin. I would say that the Metronidazole worked quicker at easing the pain and It wasn&#039;t a capsule so I had an easier time swallowing it however, I have been suffering serious nausea followed by diarhea since I began taking it. Then last night without thinking about the interaction had a few drinks and spent the night vomiting and very ill with nausea, dry heaves etc. DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL WITH THIS MEDICINE and always read your labels and accompanying info, I usually do but I&#039;ve never had any kind of reaction to an antibiotic so I got lazy I suppose, because it was clearly stated on the bottle."
"No cramps, no nausea.  Chills and shaking kind of bad.
Procedure was easy.

DO IT!"
"The Nuvaring is the only birth control that has been able to stop my (terrible) breakthrough bleeding. On the regular pill, I was grateful to have eight or nine days without spotting; it was a miracle. I wore a tampon or liner everyday of the month, month after month, year after year, in fear of having breakthrough bleeding. I&#039;ve been on at least six different pills with different hormone levels, and other than weight gain and depression, the pill had no effect on me. The NuvaRing has completely stopped the breakthrough bleeding. I&#039;ve been on it for a year and never once had any breakthrough (after more than 10 years of it). I had no weight gain or mood swings, and never even notice it in there. I am so grateful for it."
"I had very bad experiences  with this medication .  I now have permanent toxicity of my system and I also develop medically induced cataracts from this medication even though I have stopped taking the medication it will continue to try and rob me of my sight. eyes always swollen running very painful. every morning when I rise I look like a monster face full of fluid input all around my eyeslike a little Sacks  of fluid.  is there is help out there I would like some and I will like to know if there&#039;s a manufacturer lawsuit the information for this medication does not tell you about the damage that it does. now they are warning doctors to let patients know about this medication and the bad side effe and let them know if they want to take it."
"I never knew 54mg each morning could work wonders. No more struggling to pay attention during the day, impulsive outbursts, or late homework."
"I was super against taking medication. I&#039;ve started dealing with anxiety (some depression) for awhile now. I got prescribed Ativan months ago, and never took it. I thought I could handle myself again but then my relationship started to fail because of my over thinking. I went back to the doctor, and decided to try it. She prescribed me .50 3 times a day. I took a full one at night after a bad panic attack, and within 30 minutes I was calm and slept through the entire night. I have only been taking a half morning and mid afternoon and full at night because it does make you feel tired. My brain is in a slight fog, but nothing crazy, I still know whats going on though :) Give it a try if you are suffering. You will know after 1."
"There are definitely some perks to Nexplanon, my all-time favorite is that I haven&#039;t had a period in forever and it doesn&#039;t require taking a pill. I had the IUD before and it bothered my partner sometimes so this definitely doesn&#039;t have that drawback and it lasts a while too. 

My personal drawback is that the arm its inserted in is really weak. I like to lift and workout and that is a major drawback to my workouts. I can lift maybe twenty max on that side without the assistance of my other arm and sometimes it just randomly hurts or itches. I am going in this week to make sure it was inserted right so it might just be a problem with insertion."
"I was prescribed Exalgo by my physician about 3 weeks ago. I&#039;ve been a long term pain management patient, and we decided to make a change. I had been taking Avinza. I am not certain that the mgs are equal, but the Exalgo doesn&#039;t come close to helping as much as the Avinza. I take as directed, each medicine is to be taken before bedtime, and since I have switched to Exalgo, there have been many sleepless nights. Maybe the dosage is not enough. This will be discussed with my physician. "
"I have horrible nerve pain. Neither vicodin, oxycontin, morphine or any other opium based medicine worked. Plus my body had gotten used to the other pain pills. The actiq was AMAZING! It almost completely rid me of the pain (1000x stronger than morphine) and it is measured in micrograms (Mcg)it is so powerful. It was perfect for my burning nerve pain, and nerve spasms. Easiest drug to get BOTH chemically AND mentally addicted. Be careful"
"A must for anyone with panic attacks.  Works fast, gives you your life back."
"I have had Parnate prescribed since 1987, when I was 35.  After many years feeling like a an &quot;anti-depressant guinea pig&quot;, I finally had clarity and with my psychiatrist&#039;s recommendation was able to manage my life while professionally succeeding.  I don&#039;t miss the foods I can&#039;t eat, but value the relationships I&#039;ve been able to maintain."
"I was on Sprintec for over a year.  I took it religiously because I have never wanted kids.  I never missed a dose and took it at around the same time every day.  I am now 16 weeks pregnant.  So just warning some of you, be careful, don&#039;t completely rely on birth control pills.  I gave my doctor a list of any medications I had taken while I was on Sprintec and she told me that nothing that I was taken was known to affect Sprintec. "
"This pill worked great for me ..I had terrible knee pain and could hardly walk, but then I was feeling bad and found out my platelets dropped from 152 to 77 taking this medecine.. I had to stop.."
"I&#039;m very sensitive to any type of meds and it was like jumping of a cliff for me do or die . Diagnosed in 97 , hadn&#039;t had insurance til 2015 , I was denied the first time for coverage after year I was able to start . Being sensitive to meds I drank alot of water and followed direction strictly. I feel great 6 weeks into 8 of the course . My doc did not test at 4 weeks and is not testing til Dec .... Uggggh I know ! Why so long , I started early Aug .... And I won&#039;t find any results out til Feb. Anybody else run into this ?????? What should I do?"
"When I first got ParaGard I was 18, never had children, and had tried a few forms of oral birth control, all of which effected my body terribly. My OBGYN advised me not to get it due to the device being rather large in size and that given my age, the insertion would be extremely painful. Upon insertion my cramps were excruciating for about a week, then became sporadic for about a month. I also experienced bleeding for three months straight. After those few months however, I had lighter periods, no cramping and everything was wonderful, until about a year later I went in for a ultrasound check up, only to discover the device had disappeared. Turns out I&#039;m in the 0.8% to have this happen. Apparently it happens in younger women. Be cautious."
"I got sick 2 days after Thanksgiving with a sinus infection and my Dr. Put me on Prednisone and azithromycin for chest congestion. I did not get well. I was then put on levofloxacin for 10 days I am on day 7, I quit today. I have a severe headache, earache, sore throat, swollen glands, sores on my tongue, my mouth feels like it was burned. Gums receded. My arm tendons are shooting pains, my legs are swollen. Ankles hurt. I think this medication should be outlawed. It is poison."
"Loved this birth control. Didn&#039;t have mood swings or gain weight. Also didn&#039;t have a period except for an exceptionally light one every 4 months or so, which was great in my opinion. Only reason I had to stop was because my stupid work switched insurance companies and the new one didn&#039;t cover this."
"Completely effective for asthma maintenance, side effects - insomnia, weird dreams when able to sleep, headaches and nose bleeds. Only took for 4 weeks. Unfortunately, now after stopping it, have limited lifestyle (Singulair gave me back a life)."
"This medication had zero effect on my cough. It was a total waste of time and money."
"I have been using Victoza for 5 weeks. Weight loss has been good but my sugar levels are dropping, but not as fast as have read about anyone else having the same results."
"I was on NuvaRing for 7 months. At first all went well, but after awhile I started losing interest in sex and became very moody.  Within a month of stopping NuvaRing, I was back to normal. "
"I finally feel like living again. I even wanted to make love to my wife. It&#039;s been a long while. I love this Viibryd. But I do have to say take after a small meal. That&#039;s when I really felt better. This is the best medication. Just stick with it."
"Okay"
"Linzess has been extremely helpful for my constipation. I am able to go every day now, sometimes more then once. My only two complaints are the diarrhea and weight gain. I am a bit of a gym addict and go at least 5 times per week, running and weight lifting. I have a very healthy diet around 1300 calories a day, high protein and fiber, low fat, low carb and low sugar. Since I have been on Linzess (4 weeks consistantly), I have gained 7lbs. I believe I am retaining water despite being able to go to the bathroom often. This is the only drug that has worked to alleviate the constipation and I have tried MANY! However, I am not happy about the bloating and weight gain."
"All I can say is wow. I can&#039;t believe the difference Lexapro has made in my life. I used to have horrible anxiety, suicidal thoughts, no motivation. Now I am excited for life, chasing after it. Colors are brighter, everything tastes better. Memories of my childhood that I could&#039;t recall before came back. I&#039;ve also been waking up early when I used to fight to wake up at noon. Now, these results took a while. I felt an improvement in mood at about three weeks, and an increase in motivation at about five weeks. The first two weeks were rough- I experienced many side effects including mood swings, night sweats, nausea, increase in intrusive thoughts... but boy was it worth it."
"Taking Stribild as a post exposure prophylactic. On day 3 of a 28 day clinical trial. At this time the efficacy is unknown. Side effects are mild headache, bloating and flatulence. Nothing that would cause me to discontinue treatment."
"My husband and I have been TTC this time around for nearly two years. I just finished my second month of Clomid.  I ovulated on the first and second months, but have not gotten pregnant. We are taking a month off from the medication because it has caused us to feel stressed.  I&#039;m reading a lot of success stories on here, so I&#039;m hopeful that it will work for us. My doctor will only allow me to be on the medication for 3 cycles before she refers us to a specialist."
"This was a waste of my $20. I felt the tingle and rushed to the store. I was using the medicine religiously. The cold sore only got worse. The swelling and the pain were almost unbearable. This is about day 5 and I have a horrible looking scab on my lip. I don&#039;t want to go outside. It&#039;s so embarrassing."
"My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex around 11:30 p.m. on 12/3, and I was due to ovulate on 12/5. He claimed that he completely pulled out before he ejaculated, but I wasn&#039;t completely convinced. The next day, around 7:30 p.m. (20 hours after the act) I took a Plan B One-Step. Since I was so early in my cycle, I knew I would have to wait a while to see if it worked. I did not experience any symptoms until about a week later, when I started having sore boobs, headaches, and light brown spotting that lasted a couple days. I was due for my period on 12/21 and it came a day early on 12/20. For everyone out there worrying: STOP! If you took it within the suggested time frame, it WILL work!! Relax and let the pill do its job :)"
"Buspar (or buspirone hydrochloride) works very well for me.  I have severe social anxiety and i never could talk to people.  It&#039;s still weird sometimes talking to people but i don&#039;t feel as nervous while I&#039;m talking or when people i don&#039;t know start a conversation with me. I was taking xanax before but that wasn&#039;t working. Buspar works much better and is much safer in my opinion. I take 60 mgs a day,  15 mgs in the morning,  15mgs in the afternoon and 30mgs in the evening. It&#039;s very effective."
"I&#039;ve been taking lamotrigine along with bupropion for ten weeks. It wasn&#039;t until around 8 weeks that I could say without a doubt that the medication is working. Strenuous exercise helps to relieve the depression and control mania."
"Once I got over the nausea, I loved how it helped me feel more human."
"I have been on Contrave for 10 weeks and have lost 17 lbs. The only side affect is irregular bowel movements. I feel great! I can&#039;t wait to see how much I lose in the next 10 weekends!"
"The Nicoderm CQ Patch in my opinion worked great. I&#039;ve been smoking for over 19 years. I&#039;ve tried before (cold turkey) &amp; (Pregnancy), but always went back. I smoked up to 1.5 packs a day. I made the most life changing choice Dec 2016 to stop smoking. I researched the patches and was very leary, because of my withdrawal symptoms.I decided to try Nicoderm CQ patches. I completed  the whole 3 step 10 week program without 1 slip!!! I&#039;m very proud of myself. Now be aware that you will experience a slight burning Itching  sensation when you first apply the patch(last about 1 min). Also sometime the patch will not stay on, just simply apply a bandaid over it. Thats about it. I would recommend this product. Works GREAT!!"
"I have been on mononessa for two years. I started on it while young and then switched to implanon which I absolutely hated, but after being back on the pill feel so relieved! I rarely have skin breakouts, my cramps used to be awful but now hardly have them if any at all. Only downside is dryness, but nothing lube can&#039;t fix!"
"I have been on Abilify, Lamictal, and Clonazepam for a year and a half with marginal improvement in my psychotic symptoms. Upon doing research, I learned that norepinehrine might play a huge role in psychotic symptoms in fear-based mental illnesses. I suffered from nightmares in addition to my paranoid symptoms. I convinced my psychiatrist to put me on Prazosin because it was an alpha-1 adrenergic blocker which reduces the amount of norepinehrine in the body. My theory was that if I reduced the amount of norepinehrine being produced, that I would see a reduction in my paranoia. My theory has proven to be true as I have been on prazosin for 3 weeks now. A miracle indeed."
"The Paraguad was a nightmare! I wish someone told me of copper toxicity! I had the Paraguad in for 2 years after having my youngest son. I broke out with bad cystic acne all over my face. I bled every time I had sexual intercourse. I would cramp during my period and I never cramp before the IUD. Also I would beep going through a metal detector in the federal building when I never beeped prior to getting the Paraguard! Such a relief getting it removed. My face cleared but I now have the scars on my face to remind me of the torture I was putting my body through just using that."
"I am not sure how effective the shot was but I&#039;m giving a low rating due to a severe allergic reaction. I had my first chemo on a Monday and received the shot at 3pm the following Wednesday. By 5pm my feet were burning a rash swept up my whole body. My heart was racing. Spent the evening in ER. Needed shot of epinephrine and hooked up to IV. I will not be having the shot after my second round of chemo this Monday."
"Female, age 27, taking Bupropion XL 150 mg/day

Started feeling the effects of this medication within a few days (been on it for a month now); I definitely don&#039;t feel depressed anymore, which is great!  Here&#039;s what it&#039;s been like for me:

-Depression gone (feeling very neutral)
-Obsessive thoughts gone (usually related to my body/desire to lose weight)
-MASSIVE increase in sex drive
-MASSIVE reduction of appetite 
-Vivid dreams
-Irritable at times/very little patience 
-Benign muscle twitches (usually at night in my extremities)

Doctor wants to up the dosage to 300mg, but I&#039;m happy where I am."
"Gabapentin is the best medication I have ever taken. I was put on Gabapentin because I&#039;ve had unexplained upper back pain for two years. It&#039;s accompanied with a really annoying tingling sensation under my shoulder blades. I was prescribed 300mg three times a day. By day two the pain was 80% better. Day three it was gone.

It was a life saver. I&#039;ve never been happier. And then I had a weird day after a week on it. I have mild depression and anxiety but I&#039;ve never had a suicidal thought in my life. There was this sensation that I&#039;ve never felt before. I called into work. I couldn&#039;t move and kept having the thought of downing my pain meds with my bottle of whiskey.

I immediately cut out the gabapentin and that feeling disappeared."
"I started taking this medicine about 2 years ago now. I am on the 40 mg dose and at first everything was great, my grades improved, I could focus in public. But now, my loss of appetite is crazy. I&#039;m 13 and I only weigh 82 lbs. I become very short tempered with my friends and I get annoyed at the littlest things. It also brings my mood way down. When I&#039;m on my medicine I feel depressed and anxious constantly. I still get my a&#039;s and b&#039;s in school but I don&#039;t think it&#039;s worth all the side affects."
"My seven year old son is on it and he is so emotional. One minute he is fine the next he is crying and can&#039;t stop. As a mother this is very hard to deal with. I can&#039;t help him and he asking why is he feeling this way. I am going to have to stop giving him the medicine."
"Off Enbrel I was basically not functional. On it, I am as functional as a normal person. This is a miracle. Over 5 years on it and no side effects."
"I went to the doctor on early February 2017.  My blood pressure was through the roof and I was pre-diabetic. After bloodwork he prescribed Lisinopril and Belviq. I started taking Belviq on 2/10/2017 and my starting weight was 194 at 5&#039;2&quot;.  It is 3/2 and now I am 188.  I know it shows it to be slow, however, the slowest part was in the beginning when I guess my body was getting used to the medication.  The first week I did not lose any weight.  As the day passed I was seeing my weight loss started to forward.  Now I am losing 1 lb a day.  I am eating sensibly and replacing one or two meals with a Raw Juice full of vegetables like Kale, ginger, green apple, etc.  I am also very tired at night which is helping me get a nice restful sleep."
"I got Implanon in Feb 2010. I love the fact that I haven&#039;t had a period in over a year, but the other side effects are beginning to outweigh it. I have experienced terrible acne while on Implanon and weight gain. Weight that I can&#039;t seem to get off. I am scheduling an appointment to get it removed tomorrow."
"I was on Cymbalta for up to just under two weeks ago. At one point, I was on 90mg for a short period of time. Last December, I dropped it. Only because it, meaning Cymbalta, left me mostly feeling fatigued. The anxiety came back and last month, April/2011 restarted it again back on 60mg. Everything was going fairly well, then I experienced a rash on my forehead, itching. My throat felt as if it was closing up on me. Stopped it cold turkey and went through a roller coaster of mostly aggressive moods. It was an allergic/adverse reaction."
"I&#039;ve only been using this cream for about 2 weeks now but since I started, my skin has been red, flaky, inflamed. Feels a lot like a sunburn. Hurts to even rinse it with water. Exfoliation, moisturizer, nothing helps. It did help a little acne on my forehead, but the dryness and the flaking is definitely making me want to stop using this."
"I have been taking Prozac for two months.  The first month I did not notice a difference but after 6 weeks I was not obsessing or getting angry and noticed I was more relaxed around other people.  Being a shy person from the day I was born, I am still not interested in anymore social interaction, however I have noticed that I am now extremely tired on the Prozac which is debilitating and frustrating since I have an exam to write in 10 days and have no motivation to study.  I have lots of energy when I am exercising so I don&#039;t think it&#039;s due to low iron or nutritional deficiencies.  Went to doctor today and he recommended I stay on it for another month so the medicine normalizes in my body."
"I just started this pill about a month ago, after taking Sprintec for almost a year. Sprintec made me have severe depression and anxiety and also caused my periods to be heavier than I would like. I was abstinent before I got on this pill and took the first two and a half weeks worth at the same time every single day. I ended up having protected sex, which I didn&#039;t think anything of until it came time for my first period. I started on Tuesday like I normally do, but my period only lasted for a day and a half and was very light. I&#039;m not used to this. By reading all of these comments, I see that it is normal to not have a period. I don&#039;t think there is any possible way I could be pregnant, but it is still scary."
"I lost 6 pounds on the first week of taking Bontril, then no more lost. I didn&#039;t have cravings at first but after 3 weeks I am hungry again. Headaches are gone, still doing the diet but nothing happens. I will finish the first bottle and see if it is worth it to start a second. I had high expectations."
"I suffer from chronic TMJ, I can&#039;t eat apples, steak, most foods that require you to open your mouth, or my jaw will emit a loud bone-breaking-sounding CRACK followed by waves of intense pain WAY beyond the acceptable threshold.  I&#039;m only 33.  An MRI, CTScan, several X-Rays, and worthless visits to &quot;Specialists&quot; did nothing but empty my bank account and receive the news that I have &quot;two displaced discs in my face, and there&#039;s nothing we can do.&quot; 

I was about to give up then said heck with it and sought out a pain specialist.  She witnessed the horrific noise, saw the X-rays and surgeon notes, and immediately put me on ZoHydro 20mg (twice a day) and thinking my woes were addressed, then they reformulated it and it&#039;s like taking aleve."
"Very good for high blood pressure."
"I have been taking this med almost for 2 weeks. I was extremely skeptical, because of everything I have read and heard of this med. I have been smoking since I was around 18yr., I&#039;m now 30. Anyways, the first 3 days were rocky and I almost quit taking, but realized it was just my body adjusting. It has had a positive affect, no adverse side effects, just mild like: dry mouth and tired. I don&#039;t recommend for someone who has severe depression or other psychological issues that could cause adverse effects. I take 150mg 2x a day. I do not use any other nicotine replacements. I do not go to therapy. Lastly I haven&#039;t had a cigarette in 3 days."
"When I first started this medicine, I would get headaches and feel super sleepy within the first 5 minutes of taking it. But those side effects subsided as I got to my next pill pack. Probably the worst part of this medication is that it caused me to have more and consistent acne than before (which is one reason why I wanted birth control in the first place). Along with acne, Microgestin Fe 1/20 caused the skin above my upper lip to darken (known as Melasma). It wasn&#039;t too noticeable at first, but as summer went on, and with more sun, it got worse. It was effective as a birth control and good with period regulation but I wasn&#039;t pleased with the negative side-effects AT ALL so I have recently switched over to Gianvi."
"I have been using Cymbalta for almost a year now and I am finally who I always used to be. I am able to handle daily situations without unnecessary anger or feelings of hopelessness. My world appears in focus and I have normal reactions to situations, I don&#039;t over react to simple things. I wish I had not spent so many years without treatment for my depression; they feel like the lost years of my life. Thank you Cymbalta!"
"I absolutely loved this birth control. It was my first experience using hormonal birth control methods and it worked great for me. Had no cramping, bleeding, or weight gain. Some breast swelling and tenderness but nothing too severe. No moodiness or anything which was great. Had super light periods too. Only downside was price. Currently switching to Tri-Previfem because even with insurance it costs $60."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from various back and nerve issues for almost a year now; 2 bulging discs and sciatica. Over the holidays I was unable to get in to see my primary care and ran out of my medications, resulting in a trip to the ER. The ER doc gave me an injection of Norflex and an rx until I was able to get in and see my doc. 

It has worked amazingly well. I&#039;ve had minimal side effects taking it twice daily and within a half hour of taking it, my back spasms completely stop. It&#039;s been quite a relief."
"I like it. For me it&#039;s a trade off. I had very heavy cycles the first two months. After my body adjusted (about 4 months) I went from three days of light bleeding to literally having what felt like a 3 HOUR period every 28 days. Now I have no bleeding at all. This took a total of 7 months to even out. The cons for me: headaches, cystic acne, and weight gain. I INCREASED my exercise as advised by my doctor because of possible weight gain and gained 20 pounds. I still go through cramps and PMS and the constant headaches are a pain. The Pros for me, the gym, the gym, the gym, No more kids! No more tampons! I&#039;ll keep it."
"I got my first nexplanon in 2013, had it for three years and got my new one about 2 weeks ago. I love it. I have two week periods every other month (so the same amount as a normal cycle within a year&#039;s time). Before it I had heavier periods. Now they are a lot lighter only downside is that I gained a few pounds (I became a lot less active also which added to the gained weight). When it was time to change it at the end of the three years my cycle stayed on for about 3weeks (Not bleeding the whole time. It was the normal two weeks as stated before and then a week of discharge that I usually get after my cycles). I&#039;ve read a lot of bad reviews on this, but I absolutely love it. I literally don&#039;t have to think about birth control for three year"
"Been on this tablet about a month now. Even though my doctor said it won&#039;t take effect till about 6 weeks, it practically worked for me after a day because my nervous system would be very sensitive to any tablets. I&#039;m on this tablet about a month now and to be honest it has taken away the majority of my anxiety, and panic attacks which I used to get severely. I still get flutters in my heart and rapid heart beat sometimes but nothing I can&#039;t handle. My dreams are really weird sometimes like really strange but that&#039;s to be expected I suppose. Took 20mg forgetting was supposed to take 10mg, was way too strong for me so on 10mg now, can function with that. "
"I am a 37 whose body hates me. May 20th I had a hernia repair repair (1st surgery went bad). 3 weeks later I got an infection in my incision. Dr did a CT scan. That&#039;s when he saw the clot in my ovarian vein. 8 cm long. He admitted me to the hospital immediately. Was on heparin drip and strong antibiotics. After 2 days blood was flowing a tad bit better. Was put on Xarelto. So far it seems ok. Minor side effects. Sore back, very mild dizzy spells, sore stomach (maybe from surgery and infection) and some weird tingling in my mouth. Nothing major after being on it almost a month. I do have to be on it for 6 months total. Hope nothing else happens. I can handle the side effects I do have. Just hope it makes the clot go away."
"After taking Ceftin (Cefuroxime) for 3 days, my throat swelled and my chest became more constricted. It felt as though I could not swallow well. I was dizzy, and anxious. I consulted the pharmacist who told me to take a Benadryl and if I didn&#039;t improve quickly, to get myself to the hospital. Within 5 minutes of taking the Benadryl I could feel my throat relaxing. After relating this situation to my daughter, she told me she had a similar experience with this drug when it was prescribed for her a year ago. "
"I got Topamax about 4 months ago and it has been amazing completely changed my life! I hate reading these blogs and tags that&#039;s say do not try this it is horrible the side affects are horrible it&#039;ll ruin your life! Side effects are different for everyone you don&#039;t know how it&#039;ll react with your body, these blogs and stuff stopped me for a long time from taking Topamax and it completely saved my life I haven&#039;t gotten a migraine in 4 months! And I used to get migraines 5 days Of the week! It truly works amazing for me! Yes soda tastes horrible but I think it&#039;s a good thing all I drink is water now I have a healthier life style! I have lost some weight! I do get tingly feet and hands but it&#039;s nothing you can&#039;t deal with it goes away pretty fast"
"I have had acne since my teens- I am 36 now and I still would have it, if I didn&#039;t take Minocycline.  I started off on 100 mg a day (50 mg twice daily) and now I am down to 50 mg once a day.  I hated my acne.  It is almost completely gone (I still get a few but not many at all) and it&#039;s so worth it. I haven&#039;t had any noticeable side effects.  Plus with my insurance it&#039;s so much cheaper than all the skin stuff I tried that never worked. 
WARNING: If you are thinking about getting pregnant, get off this medicine (talk to your Dr) because it is proven to be harmful to the fetus."
"It works great but gave me severe stomach cramps, pain, and general gastrointestinal distress."
"Hello this is a follow up, I posted on here on 1-17-12 while I was at a 44 lbs total weight loss. I did stop taking this medication for a month so I could get full effect again. I started back on it about a week ago. I wanted to note that I did not gain anything back on the month I was off of it. And my eating habits were easy to keep. Also as of today I am at 230 lbs. Now at a total weight loss of 53 lbs. Still loving it."
"I have been using the patches for chronic back pain for about a week. I use 2 patches a day. I have got no relief."
"I have had this for about a year and a half and have loved it so far. My periods have completely stopped which for some is a worry but I find it rather convenient. The process of putting it is wasn&#039;t too bad but there was a little swelling and bruising at the site for a few days which is to be expected. Prior to getting Implanon I was switching around birth control pills trying to find something that would regulate my periods and work well for me, so this was a great change, I recommend everyone to talk to their doctors if they are looking for a new alternative. I have pretty good insurance so what would&#039;ve cost me more than $700 got reduced to only $30 including the insertion procedure, also alleviates the monthly cost."
"I was prescribed Testim once in error and now again for a second time. The first time it had moderate effect on my t levels; unfortunately my prescription plan considers 2 tubes /day adequate. In addition, it is very difficult to apply, and difficult to bear on your skin. Goes on sticky and stays sticky; your clothes will stick to your body. The metal tubes make it difficult if not impossible to apply all of the gel. Worse, it is difficult to remove even the next day in the shower. I actually had to use dishwashing liquid."
"I have a awful case of migraines therefore my doctor prescribed me Periactin. I noticed a mood change and a huge weight gain of 40lbs within 2 months. It stopped working for my migraines after a week and then was prescribed Topamax. "
"Got on this birth control a few years back because I was pretty young and inconsistent with the pill. I was 19 when I got it and it was fine at first, normal period cycle for about 6 months. Then I had no period for months. So long I literally can&#039;t remember. I experienced hair loss and a lot of weight gain! Like 20 lb. absolutely ridiculous. Got it out when I was 21 and haven&#039;t been on anything since."
"Seems to be taking a long time to work"
"I am taking Endep 100mgs at night for nerve pain in my lower left leg &amp; the outer side of my right leg. The nerve pain was intolerable and I seriously was suicidal. I have been on Endep as well as Baclofen and Epilim, for 7 years &amp; can now enjoy my life so much more. The down side is loss of libido and dry mouth, but without Endep I could not enjoy my life at all."
"In 2009 after 6 rounds of RCHOP chemo, then BCNU chemo in the hospital, a bone marrow transplant, I had 3 years of remission. In Oct. 2012, rediagnosed out of remission, started on 6 rounds of bendamustine and Rituxan. The 6th month was skipped due to a low WBC of 2.4. I will continue on Rituxan for maintenance. I began my journey at stage 4E. I was rediagnosed after a fall in May, and was back to stage 4 by October 2012, so the combination of bendamustine and Rituxan have done good. I will receive Rituxan every 3 months or sooner as a precautionary measure."
"I&#039;ve been using Sumavel Dosepro and Sumavel pill form for over 3 years. The Dosepro has relieved/erased my migraine in less than 7 minutes 100% of the time. It&#039;s liquid gold in my opinion. The pill form is less effective 80% and takes up to 1hr."
"Did nothing for my back spasm/ pain might as well have taken a placebo"
"I have been taking Viibryd since 1/2012. At the time I was prescribed Viibryd I had been on every SSRI antidepressant available, none of which helped the depression. Viibryd has lifted the depression. The only side effect I have is that I no longer have any emotion, although in the last 6 months I have been able to find some things funny. I am now able to function."
"I was on loloestrin for two years and it was wonderful no side effects no periods until earlier this year I had severe mood issues. My doctor put me on Sprintec in April, it&#039;s been almost six months in the pill. Since taking it I suffered from extreme nausea and bleeding irregularly followed by cramps that didn&#039;t seem tied to my period. This pill did clear up my skin but unless you like throwing up on the regular, losing weight (loss of appetite), and feeling nauseas all the time don&#039;t bother with this one. I just saw my doctor to switch me off the sprintec. Worst experience ever with a birth control."
"I&#039;ve used about 3 different brands of birth control and this one is by far the worst. I DO NOT RECOMMEND. I took a break from pills for a couple months and when I started back up, I started using Lutera. I&#039;ve been using it for 4-5 months and I feel horrible. I CAN say that It does a great job at protecting from birth and my periods haven&#039;t been a problem at all, but I feel horrible. I don&#039;t feel like myself at all. I feel disconnected/groggy almost all the time. My libido is completely gone now. Mood swings. I&#039;ve been so unlike myself for the past few months so I&#039;ve decided to stop taking them."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for 30 years after my thyroid removal and it is great.  I take a pill every morning and I feel good all day."
"I was prescribed flexeril 10 mg twice a day as needed after experiencing lower back pain resulting from epidurals (I did not take this while I was pregnant or nursing).  My discs would slip out of place and pinch the nerve(s) in my back causing me great pain.  I would get adjusted to get the bone alignment right, but the swelling and pain was still there.  Flexeril worked great for me.  It is great to take at night; it helps you sleep. But, I have also taken it during the day if the pain was bad enough.  I will drink a 5 hour energy or something equivalent to help me stay awake and function at work.  I definitely wouldn&#039;t take this if I were driving.  This medication in combination with an 800 mg Ibuprofen is wonderful."
"After I had my daughter, the doctors really pushed and recommended that I get the Nexplanon over a typical daily pill. Ever since I got it implanted, my periods have been extremely irregularly. At times, I would go 2-2 1/2 months without getting my period, but when it finally came, it lasted weeks. It&#039;s really a win-lose. Although you don&#039;t get your period as often, it sticks around longer. I have experienced no side effects until lately. After a year and a half of having it, I started getting pregnancy symptoms (nausea, bloating, headaches, back pain, etc.). And I worried that much more because since my period is so irregular, it makes no sense to try to track my periods so I didn&#039;t know if I was pregnant or not due to my lack of period."
"I was given this for my horrible migraine and for my insomnia. I was prescribe 20 ml every night and I must say is a life saver, I&#039;m a full time student and I had a tumor removed from my spine and after that i wasn&#039;t able to sleep like before and my migraine went five level up, horrible, but this medicine is the best thing ever. The first week i tried it made me SOOOO hungry so i stopped it for like a month but my migraine was killing me i started it again no more side effects, I have energy for my day, it worked out great for me"
"I&#039;ve had respiratory problems since birth (I am now 25 years old) and have always used Albuterol to control any flare-ups I&#039;ve had. As I&#039;ve gotten older, my allergies have gotten worse and so has my asthma. I was using Asmanex until I caught RSV and bronchitis. Even with Albuterol and Asmanex, my lung function dropped to 70%, and I ended up at the ER 3 times. Dulera has made the world of a difference - I&#039;m no longer short of breath, coughing non-stop, or feel like I&#039;ve got pressure on my chest. I feel like my quality of life is back to &quot;normal&quot;. The only drawback is the cost-- my insurance won&#039;t cover it."
"Hello, I wanted to come here and give my insight and story. This has worked 2 times for me.Hopefully,it can calm or help how you or someone you know deal with the stress and anxiety that this brings!! The man I&#039;m dating ejaculated in me and I believe it was right after ovulation. We immediately took action and I took plan b within the hr. The pill made me tired, mood swings,anxious, cramp,acne, discharge and bloat. The pharmacist said these are common symptoms. I cramped pretty bad, 5 days later I spotted then the 6th day I started my period! As long as you take it within the 3 day window you should be fine. Plan b is a true lifesaver! Thank you so much plan b,you have saved my life! Take a deep breath and try to be calm."
"This drug has changed my life! After being on it about 10 months, I don&#039;t have to worry about where I&#039;ll be if I have to go to the bathroom or if I will be driving (I drive a lot for work). I ALWAYS take it with food and I feel like that helps with any side effects a lot!"
"I take for sciatica, ruptured L4/5 disc, osteoarthritis in knees, hips and spine. Tramadol and Neurontin for pain and maintenance dose of 750mg. Methocarbamol 2X daily for spasm. The combination is excellent and helps restless leg syndrome and parenthesis too. I was able to reduce daily sleep medicine to usage &#039;as needed&#039;. Side Effect: Exacerbates urge type of urinary incontinence, drowsiness."
"Had nexplanon put in a month ago been feeling very depressed and anxious. Easily irritated with my son. The fatigue makes me unable to care for my baby properly. I can&#039;t get up in the morning having to leave him crying. I&#039;m going to have to have it taken out. Plus had weight gain in belly, and dryness and no sex drive."
"I was prescribed Inderal to help with Primary Ortostatic Tremors. I did not get any relief with this medication for that condition. However. I discovered that whenever I stop taking Inderal, I end up with a migraine headache. I take 20 mg at bedtime. It makes me sleepy and gives me nightmares which continue to this day. However, the side effects are tolerable and well worth putting up with to prevent getting migraines. I highly recommend this medication for preventing migraines."
"I took the strongest available dosage, so I felt the the effects right away. I only ever had one side effect, and that was insomnia. I would wake up every night at 2am and not sleep any longer. However this went away after 3-4 weeks. Cymbalta works well to eliminate depression, however you shouldn&#039;t drink while on it. The only other negative about this medicine is getting off it. Do not, under any circumstances stop taking it immediately. It swings you into an extreme depression. So if and when you stop, try cutting the pill in half for a while to lower the dosage and ease yourself off."
"Suffered from headaches for 4 months as I tried Topamax which did not work, and with horrible side effects. 
Been on Neurontin for 10 days, 300 Mgs 3xday. Headaches are virtually GONE.  Kidneys functioning better now that I&#039;m off of Topamax.  Increased appetite and slightly blurry vision are manageable side effects. My life is back. So far, the headache suffering is OVER. 4 months of hellish headaches ended in one week."
"Almost no side effects, easy to take and VERY effective."
"Have been taking Belviq for three weeks and I&#039;ve lost six pounds!  This is awesome because I&#039;ve been stuck at the same weight for about a year, never budging even a pound!  I suffered an ankle injury and the resulting ankle surgery and was unable to restart Spinning classes until recently. I can&#039;t wait to see what happens now that I am mobile again!"
"I am a 31 year old female at 200lbs I do not have diabetes, or any other health problems.  On the first day my stomach felt like it was on overdrive tensing up.  I actually managed to have some old period blood come out.  The second day I had a light headache, but nothing too serious.  My third day I had a salad with vinegar and oil.  (Your appetite is cut dramatically on this pill btw.  You will end up eating less than 1,000 calories a day.  ).Ended up getting the chills and migraine until I vomited my salad.  This pill works, lost 5lbs in 2 days. Do NOT eat oily or fatty food. You will get sick."
"I have been on Vistaril for about a year now and it has helped my anxiety greatly. Not to mention no side effects at all. It also helps greatly with itching and extreme tension. I am taking 200 mg per day in two divided doses.  I am very happy with this medication."
"Been taking 25mg zoloft for 2 weeks. Due to non stop over thinking, paranoia and constant checking up on suspected cheating partner. This drug has enabled me to think clearly again and be able to end an unhappy relationship that I could not end before. I don&#039;t react or panic at the thought of being on my own anymore. Its great to feel balanced and even keeled with my thoughts. No real side effects, although I am more motivated at home and don&#039;t seem to have a huge appetite so lost some weight. I like this drug, its given me some sanity again however I am worried about the symptoms returning if I stop taking it."
"Zero to a few side effects! Great alternative to Levoxyl if you have an upset stomach or nausea with any other thyroid medications."
"I&#039;ve only been known diabetic type 2 for 6 months now.  I take Janumet, invokana. The only side effect I have is frequent urination and lots of gas and really lot sounds of digestion.  Anyone else?"
"I got the mirena coil inserted against my better judgment.   Had it for 2 years now for heavy frequent periods.  Although it mostly became lighter I still get  a period every 10 days which lasted 9 days.  Nightmare!  Every few months I get a very heavy bleed which lasts for 2 weeks with clotting.  Have asked my doctor to take it out but I kept getting told that it would settle down.  Last straw was when I started bleeding 3 weeks ago non stop.  Some days so heavy I can&#039;t leave the house.  I went to doctor and demanded it be taken out.  She tried and couldn&#039;t get it out.  She has referred me to a gynacologist which may take a while to get an appointment.  Meanwhile I keep bleeding heavily.  Would never recommend this product."
"I got the nexaplanon insert put in on May 30, 2015 after my boyfriend at the time sat me down and told me it was the best option because he did not trust me to take my birth control pill every night. 
Fast forward to the doctors office, quick, easy, painless procedure however expensive. 
Now I get a regular period every month that lasts about two weeks. I spot, I cramp, I PMS, and I get headaches or erratically and more than ever before.
However, I have severe clinical depression and general anxiety disorder and nexaplanon has greatly leveled out my mental issues. Anxiety attacks are now something I can easily work through and my depression has been almost non existent. 
It&#039;s been 11 months now since I&#039;ve had the implant &amp; I&#039;ve gained 13lbs"
"Take with food and you may not have stomach upset."
"I suffer from pulmonary fibrosis and acquired haemophilia as well as RA..Rituximab  has almost completely knocked out RA and has assisted the other 2. I don&#039;t take methotrexate, but 10mg of prednisolene per day. Interestingly, I had sweating disorder pre infusions, but the drug seems to help alleviate. I started with 4 infusions a week apart, which became ineffective after 6 months (Factor 8 levels dropped and RA flared) and my latest dose was given over 2 infusions at a different hospital 6 months ago and hasn&#039;t yet become inneffective (am being primed for further infusions). I had absolutely no problems during or after infusions."
"Previously on Rozex which worked well for reducing flushing and worked a little for bumps but still had lots of bumps so GP prescribed Soolantra. By day five my skin was really revolting with lots of spots which I&rsquo;ve not really had had &amp; I was flushing terribly again. By about day 7 my skin began to clear and has continued to improve. My skin is much smoother and blackheads which have plagued me for years are almost totally gone and pores are defiantly much smaller. I&rsquo;m on week three and am happy with progress so far BUT I am struggling to control the flushing again, which Rozex seemed to take control of. I&rsquo;m going to give it a full three months and if I don&rsquo;t see an improvement in flushing too I may ask my GP if I can use the Rozex too."
"At first I felt better, but it didn&#039;t last.  I still had that nasty taste at the back of my throat.  I&#039;ve had a quick response to Augmentin, after one tablet and overnight the nasty taste is gone."
"I was put on Alesse 28, it&#039;s the first birth control I&#039;ve been on and my overall experience has been good. When I first went on it I could barely keep my hands of my boyfriend but I blame it mostly on having a slight hormone imbalance. I also experienced an increase in breast size but I was told that it was a possible side effect. Then I missed a pill and even though I followed procedure it triggered my period. Then after that I kept spotting and was getting really frustrated. It would stop for a couple days then start up again for a couple days, then it magically stopped and I didn&#039;t have any problems after that. I found out later that you can have spotting within the first three months. Other then that I have less acne and lighter periods."
"I&#039;m 42. Never pregnant.  Got my Skyla end of May. The insertion was crazy painful for me. I did not take any pain meds before hand though. For the next week I was in so much pain 800mg ibuprofen and a heating pad couldn&#039;t even touch it. I had to sleep sitting up on the couch, because it hurt too much to lie down. After about 2 mos I finally could no longer feel it in my body and could lay on my stomach. It&#039;s now November and I still have pelvic pain. I&#039;m nauseous a lot too. I have PCOS and my dr confirmed I have a sizeable cyst on one of my ovaries now. My period stopped completely by mo 3, although it has always been extremely light. I don&#039;t think I will get it a 2nd time."
"Accutane gave me completely clear skin after 7 months of using it and 4 years of severe acne. Even though people say they got horrible scars from the zits they had during their treatment, I have very few and they&#039;re small enough that you can&#039;t see them unless your face is right next to mine. I got a dry scalp, lips, and skin, but it was never enough to prevent me from wearing contacts like some people warn. To help with dry lips, get Dr. Dan&#039;s Cortibalm. It&#039;s the best chapstick out there. I got minor to moderate pain in my knees too, but it wasn&#039;t anything I couldn&#039;t put up with. And that horrible breakout that they tell you you&#039;re going to have when you first start? Mine was barely noticeable."
"I have been on Cymbalta for 2 months and it has really help my back pain.  I have had chronic back pain for 3 years due to a fall.   I have had my back MRI and I have no disks problems, so it is muscle pain.  Cymbalta has really helped.   It does still bother me some days but not as much as before.
In the beginning I had a lot of nausea with Cymbalta but that went away after about a week, I was determined to give it a chance.  With some of the side effects it is easy to give up, but it does get better.  Now I have no problems, maybe a little less of an appetite, but that might not be such a bad thing."
"Surprised at results so far. I travel and eat out often so I cannot prepare my meals very often. I have lost 15 lbs in 7 weeks which for me is unbelievable. I never felt better ever. I can&#039;t explain the burst of energy I feel. I know it doesn&#039;t affect metabolism and there is no increase in heart rate or blood pressure so that can&#039;t be it. With my hectic lifestyle, dieting has become so very easy. i have recommended this to my wife and friend!"
"After using tramadol, these had an immediate effect, arthritus, MND problems controlled, chronic pain daily can be quite bad, but this helps along with Nuroxen makes it manageable"
"This has Been The WORST birth control i have ever been on , It has darkened my skin , gave me the worst mood swings &amp; lets not begin on irregular periods. Being on this seems more like a burden, stopping pregnancy is really not worth all the hell you go through on these pills."
"I take 0.25mg whenever I feel anxious with some propranolol to calm down my heart rate (sometimes feeling my heart beat fast can cause anxiety), and it usually does the trick. I&#039;m switching to 0.5mg in hopes that I can just take one 0.5mg pill without the propranolol. Just so you know, the half-life of this medication is 18-50 hours, meaning you&#039;ll feel some of the effects for that long, which is really nice when you have a stressful few days."
"Awesome! Been on for 6 months now. Currently VL undetectable CD4 in normal ranges.  At diagnosis VL 100,000 CD4 400 and 21%.  First 2 weeks were tough for me, fatigue, nausea, out of body feelings, diarrhea.   Slowly all side effect resolved after about 8 weeks.  Now no side effects at all, all lab results normal. Kidney, Liver, Blood.  Life is truly back to normal except 1 extra pill with my  Vitamin each morning.  Don&#039;t delay start treatment as soon as you can!"
"My original post was 10/2/16-had great results immediately on 50mg daily. I am able to hold down a full time job that I love, which was impossible prior to Zoloft. Rarely have anxiety anymore, my relationship with my husband has improved, and the constant &quot;internal storm&quot; is gone. At 51, I finally feel HAPPY!!! Keep trying everyone!"
"This is a fantastic medication. It is far less sedating than Clonazepam, and it also doesn&#039;t cause the &quot;loopiness&quot; that Clonazepam does."
"This medication worked amazingly. I have a chronic pain condition called &quot;Interstitial Cystitis&quot;, also called &quot;Painful Bladder Syndrome&quot;, and I take a slow release opiate every 12 hours, and an immediate release opiate medication for breakthrough pain. This medication reduced breakthrough pain instances to around 5% from 40-50% of the time. Unfortunately, it is not FDA approved and my new insurance won&#039;t pay for it, which is a huge bummer. 

One of the benefits was that since it was a suppository, it stayed local and I didn&#039;t feel drowsy from taking it. I really wish I could still get it. I made a 30 day -60 suppository prescription last by not taking it at night since I felt my night regimen was working fine and I was asleep."
"you will poo your pants within 1 hr of taking this product"
"This was the only pain medication that took the pain AWAY.  No side effects.  "
"I have OCD-induced anxiety and depression, for which I was taking the SSRI Luvox. Luvox caused me sexual dysfunction (difficulty reaching orgasm and delayed ejaculation), so my psychiatrist prescribed 5mg of buspirone to take 3 times a day. This medication works well to boost desire and makes the orgasms feel good. I have since stopped taking Luvox, and now rely solely on buspirone for my anxiety. This medication generally boosts my mood. That said, I am surprised by the number of people who are prescribed this medication &quot;as needed.&quot; This is not a benzodiazepine, and in order to feel the anxiolytic effects, it is necessary to take buspirone 2-3 times a day for at least two weeks."
"I started Qysmia in October 2014 with the free two week starter pack lowest dosage and then moved to the next dosage level . It Immeadiately began to work. I did experience dry mouth, a very slight tingle in my fingers and confused thinking for the first month. Those side effects where all temporary and did pass. As for my appetite it has changed considerably. It is under control, I eat what I decide to eat! Im not hungry, not thinking about food &amp; not overeating. I am 53, had not been excercising and have lost 14lbs in 2 1/2 months. However I am starting my excercise program today because I do want the full benefit of both the weight loss and to be in good physical health. My goal is to reach 127lbs by May of this year, good luck to all!!"
"My son&#039;s gastroenterologist prescribed Miralax for him stating that it would help with the discomfort caused by his extreme gasiness caused by his Aspergers syndrome, it however about a half hour after taking it caused him to have SEVERE gas pains and he &quot;Tooted&quot; about 60 times before his belly felt better."
"I&#039;ve been on Orsythia since January. Ever since I&#039;ve basically completely lost my sex drive. I&#039;m never in the mood and I have terrible sleep and very irritable. I thought it was just me but reading the reviews and people saying basically the same things I&#039;m having makes sense. The only good thing is that Ive barely had any cramps."
"Ok so I&#039;m just tossing my 2 cents in. I had my liletta inserted 7 Days ago. I&#039;ll start with my best friends good luck text as I walked into the exam room &quot;enjoy those 2 little contractions once it&#039;s in&quot; (She is the only person I know who has had an IUD). On a scale of 1-10 this was a solid praying for my own death 15! (I have broken bones that have hurt less, not to mention 8 tats and a body piercing). I screamed out loud! And almost passed out twice once on the table and once on my way to the car. The cramping died down at day 5 it&#039;s random now, the bleeding is down to spotting. 
But the BLOATING is insane.. I almost look pregnant. (5&#039;10 175 lbs before insertion, I have not stepped on a scale since.) I fear it will not go away."
"This has been a miracle for me. I suffer from extreme OCD that had left me at times in a state of paralysis and constant fear. This medicine gave me back my life. It will not get rid of all of the OCD for you, but it will make it 90 percent manageable. The Dr who gave it to me was old school. None of the SSRIs worked for me. They were like sugar tablets. This one does. Highly recommend you speak to your physician about it as an option."
"I was put on Ability to help with Major Depression/Clinical depression, and anxiety. The side effects were life changing. Just horrible. I was put on it at 15. I had hallucinations, pass out spells, times of absolute carelessness, and increased suicidal thoughts. I also became very hateful and paranoid. I developed unexplained muscle twitches, so my doctor finally took me off of it. I also had constant migraines and increased irritability I was just a mess on this medication! I still have the muscle twitches, and it&#039;s been 5 years since I had Abilify."
"I take this for Irritable Bowel Syndrome control and it works very well. In most cases 2 x 2mg capsules does the job, however sometimes a further one or two are needed for more severe cases."
"Keflex is the greatest , I have been using it  for 50yrs, until recently some people have polluted doctors minds that antibiotic use can be bad I,ve used it for 50 years it has saved my life more than once,recently my doc of 50 yrs retired,and I had to get another doc,its one of those that go by the stupid books,most are garabge,now I cannot get this medicine no more,so I have been sick now for 3months thanks to these idiots that don&#039;t have a clue what they are talking about."
"I just started pack 3 of Sprintec last night and love it. I started taking this pill due to me already having 2 kids and I don&#039;t want any more any time soon. I haven&#039;t had any side effects but being nauseous on the first and I&#039;m losing weight, sometimes I feel myself being a little nauseous at times but nothing major and periods are regular as normal. I would highly recommend this birth control."
"Secondary Amenorrhea - I was put on this medication because I lost my period due to intense athletic training.  It brought back my period and I did not experience any strange side effects.  I was worried about weight gain but I believe that pill had no effect on my weight.  In the time that I was taking it I actually became more lean (but this may have been due to my training).  I also noticed a more stable mood and a better control of my blood sugar levels.  In addition, my doctor has told me that studies show that athletes with amenorrhea who go on the pill have a reduced risk for low bone density later in life (although the ideal situation is to get your period back naturally).  Overall I was satisfied with this medication."
"I am fairly new to this medication. I am only using it for a week  The first pill I took late afternoon until I realized I should be taking it in the morning.  However the first pill worked like a charm and the ones I took in the morning have had little to no effect."
"I found ever since I&#039;ve been on tegretol my seizures have stopped"
"No relapses. Extreme hair loss.  Annoying flushing side effect BUT it working."
"Bf and I had sex May 7th, the last day of my period. We were safe yet the condom broke but he noticed before anything happened, but we went the next morning to be extra safe and to calm my nerves since I&#039;m not on BC. Had a mini period a week later as suspected but then waited a MONTH+ for my real period. It just came today, June 23. I didn&#039;t take any pregnancy tests because I knew I was fine given we had sex way before my ovulation. The moral is don&#039;t stress over timing because this is a powerful drug that really offsets your hormones and regular cycle. It came, but it is the most painful period I&#039;ve ever had and mine are normally light to mild. So just be aware, but over all, I think this is a good measure to take for when accidents happen"
"I&#039;m fifteen and my doctor prescribed this for me because I have no health insurance and am unable to afford to take the proper tests to figure out the thing that is wrong with me. So far it&#039;s been okay. I&#039;m on my second month and I have experienced spotting in the first month but I was also on antibiotics so I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s from that or not. Overall I really like this pill, it made me start my period on time and although I had painful cramping it only lasted for 4 days and was a lot lighter then usual. I&#039;m not using this as a birth control so I can&#039;t say if it&#039;s a good contraceptive."
"I started Harvoni on 2/23/15. I&#039;m on my 6th week. The side effects are headaches, brain fog, body ache, tiredness. My  first lab results I received on 4/1/15 my doctor read the report to me and it showed no detection of 
Hep C. I was so excited I hugged my doctor. I had Hep C for 30 years. I&#039;ve tried other treatments and they failed.When I started Harvoni on 2/23/15 my HepC levels were over ten million. I have 6 more weeks left to go with treatment. I&#039;m getting through this by pushing myself and being active, it&#039;s very hard but you have to push. That&#039;s how I&#039;m overcoming the side effects. Thank You Gilead, for making this drug possible and effective for a cure for Hep C."
"Instead of helping my headaches, cymbalta made them worse. With each dose increase, the severity of the pain increased, and so did my weight. In the year that I was on cymbalta, I gained sixty pounds. When I passed my pregnancy weight at nine months, I had finally had enough and took myself off. Never again!"
"I have been using Benadryl for the past 4 years and I never leave home without it. I have sneezing fits both indoors and outdoors and Benardryl is the only allergy pill that works for me.  It works fast and stops my runny nose immediately. Although I do feel sleepy (most of the time), I can&#039;t be without it. "
"Love Alprazolam.  No more sleepless nights, no more anxiety right before bed.  Keeps my anxiety attacks minimal to non existant during day to day drama."
"UPDATE: 9/09/2014....It&#039;s been 8 weeks since I started Qsymia July 13, 2014, I&#039;ve lost 13 pounds.   I started at 241 and now weigh 228!  I honestly have to say I have never weighed past 230 since I had my third son who&#039;s 13 years old!  I&#039;m happy to say the scale does not go up as it would when I&#039;ve tried everything else!  I love Qsymia and hope I can convince my Dr. to continue to prescribe this pill till I reach my goal weight!  I am so happy!  I will scream when I get to 225 or 220!  My goal weight is 175.  Just in time for the holidays!!  I feel great and lighter!  Drinking plenty of water, coconut water and walking!  Will continue to keep you all posted."
"So far this medication works , some days I feel cured; other days are not so good. No bad side effects only insomnia , Now  I take it in the morning 25 mg.,other than that I do not have complaints."
"It works!!! Same ingredient as plan b, better price. No side effects experienced."
"I believe it work and control my fluid, and keep swelling  around ankle .I do have leg pain."
"Although only taking it for 3 months now -- I basically feel a lot better and the sugars are at a moderate level to lower. I do not feel as hungry as I usually do. There has been some problems with constipation, though not bad."
"I take Percocet for moderate pain, because I had liver transplant. Only problem is there may be minor danger to other organs, but with a proper dosage I will be just fine ."
"Been on 240mg once a day for about 4 years had good results. They changed from a solid to a time released capsule. Results are not good now. Not sure why. May have to change meds"
"Totally awesome. I was diagnosed over 25 yrs ago with Crohns. I take 1000mg 3 times a day of Pentasa and 50mgs of mercaptopurine once a day and I have only had 2 flare ups. With proper diet exercise and medications taken as directed daily on a regular schedule remission and normal life is possible."
"I did a google search for being on Cipro and Flagyl for diverticulitis for a few days because I was thinking there has to be a reason why these meds make me feel so bad and there has to be someone else who has shared this same Horrible experience! And then I read all of your reviews and as awful as these meds are they do actually help to make the pain go away and it&#039;s nice to know I&#039;m not suffering alone! :)"
"I had been taking Junel Fe for three months until I was switched to Microgestion 1/20 without notice. The first week was fine, my sex drive was normal and did not feel depressed. However, once I started the second week I felt extremely depressed and not motivated at all. My breast size has increased which I am not happy about. I haven&#039;t noticed much weight gain but the depression is enough to make me call my gyno and switch back to Junel."
"After fruits and veggies, strong coffee, flax, big meals (those usually facilitate things quickly), glycerin suppositories, bisacodyl sodium suppositories, I was convinced that magnesium citrate would not have a major effect on me. I downed the whole bottle and patiently waited for about 5-6 hours. And then the fireworks began. Some people are lucky to be relieved from the first round. I&#039;ve been running back and forth to the bathroom for about 12 hours now.  This 98 cent bottle from Walmart has cleaned me out better than anything else I&#039;ve tried. Read these following words slowly: you. Are. Not. Immune. To magnesium citrate. It doesn&#039;t matter who you are or how constipated you are. It WILL work."
"I had been suffering from severe back pain for a couple of years due to spinal stenosis and get flare ups a couple times a year. After numerous failed physical therapy treatments I was finally given a Toradol shot. Within 30 minutes my pain was relieved. Love this shot! Can&#039;t believe I was not offered this medication 3 years ago. The only side effects I had was minor stomach discomfort."
"I was previously on Adderall XR before going on Vyvanse. My reason for switching was because I suffer from BED as well, which this drug is basically a miracle drug for. As far as how this drug functions as an ADHD med, I do not think it is as effective as Adderall but it does last for a really long time, which has its pro&#039;s and con&#039;s. If you take it too late, you will have a hard time sleeping and if you want to go to happy hour or grab a drink that day, because this drug takes anywhere from 9-11 hours to leave your system, you won&#039;t be able to feel the effects of alcohol or the effects of the alcohol will all kick in at once Vyvanse leaves your system (be warned). But if you want to get a lot done during the day, its good."
"Side effects for the first five weeks were unpleasant for me. I would get extremely tired and irritable and it upset my stomach.  Then I started to feel great after about 8 weeks at 20mg and I was always extremely happy. Then at around 10 weeks I leveled off and just felt normal. My moods were blah and still are. But I must say I have come a long way and it is working. Would like to come off of it just to remind myself that I need to be on it."
"Changed to Effexor XR 75mg about 2 months ago from Celexa 20mg.  Having some dizziness and tiredness, maybe not feeling quite myself, so experimentation with the dosage is probably in order.  Otherwise no problems.  Serious diarrhea side effect from Celexa stopped immediately upon changing treatment.  But I am disturbed by some of the comments on this site about withdrawal from this medication. I have had no problem drinking in moderation while on this drug."
"He was doing so well on this treatment. But then he had a sudden cardiac arrest. It took 16 hours to get his heart to stabilize. He was shocked more than 20 times. He remains in the hospital three weeks later. His heart, brain, lungs are damaged. He cannot walk. He is a father of 2 teens and had just celebrated his 47th birthday."
"At theage  of 53, I have been suffering from depression for about 10 years now and have tried most of the common antidepressants. The only one to help for a while was Venlafaxine. Have been on Brintellix for a year now, but only because my doctor doesn&#039;t know what else to try. No noticeable effect on my depression; restlessness and sleeping problems as side-effects if taking the full dose of 20 mgs. No effect on thinking and concentration either. I am rather disappointed."
"I have been on this medication for over 6 years now, 150 dose although it does help quite a bit if you&#039;re forgetful like me and miss a dose you&#039;re going to be in a world full of trouble even one day will make you feel sick although I still get panic attacks now and then. I find it does really help."
"I have taken Savella for 5 weeks, 50 mg bid.  It definitely has helped decrease the pain and helped me be able to live again.  The first few days on it I experienced some agitation, but after that it was good.  The only negative that I have noticed is that I have gained 2.5 pounds every week since I have been on it and have had no changes in appetite which is very discouraging."
"Omg I&#039;ve been taking it for less than a month and had enough of it already. I turned me into a monster! I&#039;m yelling at people, crying all the time, kicked out one of my clients from my office during our meeting, I&#039;ve been having suicidal thoughts and been super depressed. Also I have an uncontrollable appetite, I&#039;ve been stuffing myself with white bread for days. I don&#039;t eat white bread! I&#039;m not supposed to! But I just wake up in the morning and have these insane cravings for croissants. Yesterday I had 4 of them. Surprisingly I haven&#039;t gained any weight but my skin is breaking out due to my gluten and dairy allergies. 
It&#039;s been a nightmare and I don&#039;t know what to do because I&#039;ve tried all kinds of BC and my body rejects everything."
"My first experience with this drug absolutely  horrible! Dr.prescribed me Cymbalta for  mild  depression and sleeping disorders. So,In first day I start feeling a little chills, then hot flashes..back  and forth...Woman  my age 52 I thought it&#039;s just  menopause..  But really heavy one, .. then something happened to my brain, everything ..my thinking, my reaction, even my speech became really slow,...I hardly drove back home from work, feels like I was drunk. But it got worse, I get more  anxious and depressed  and I haven&#039;t slept the whole night. On the second day when I went to work... my  workers thought, I&#039;m coming down with a cold,because I was looking absolutely sick..then my face and neck turned red, then I knew ...it&#039;s side effect"
"I only lasted 6 weeks on the nuvaring. I experienced several side effects. Vaginal discomfort, headaches, ache, depression, fatigue, mild nausea, complete loss of sex drive, and a weird sense of feeling unbalanced, but not quite dizzy. I also experienced an uncommon side effect where my cervix became so swollen I thought my uterus was prolapsing. After 3 weeks I started spotting. I switched it out at 4 weeks for a new ring and had breakthrough bleeding. I finally decided to just take it out because my swollen cervix was really freaking me out and I&#039;m now on day 20 of a messed up period. I passed a large amount of tissue a couple days ago and had a ruptured cyst this morning. Neither of those have ever happened to me before."
"I&#039;m going on two years now with almost no pain. I see stairs and try to figure out where the elvators were, curbs were also a challenge. I never experienced pain during injections and noticed immediate relief even walking back to my car. By the 3rd injection, I was thrilled ! So happy with this."
"I thought Zyrtec (cetirizine) was great at first because it worked so well on my allergies. I have gained 15 pounds over 1-1/2 years. I didn&#039;t think it was related to Zyrtec, but recently figured out that it is. I am an extremely healthy eater (no processed foods or white flours/sugars), a runner and triathlete without weight issues before Zyrtec. I attributed the weight gain to age, hormones and finally my thyroid. Blood tests ruled out the hormone and thyroid issues. I only take HRT &amp; Zyrtec. I stopped Zyrtec 3 days ago and have lost 2 pounds without any changes in diet. I am willing to suffer with allergy symptoms if I can lose this weight."
"F...ing great.   It is great not to smoke. I have been smoking for 40 years and now I no longer need to  I&#039;m so happy to be free from it"
"Prozac feels like poison being put in your body"
"Loved Tegretol, kept my moods stable, worked well, felt calm and happy and in control for the first time in years,
Until a Dr decided it was ok to mix this with antibiotics along with the pill, and sinus medication, I suffered from TENS, after being told 3 times it couldn&#039;t be that I was so suck ended up in hospital for 2 months.
Now I remain untreated due to fear, however, what works or some doesn&#039;t work for others.
This worked for me until my body decided I was allergic to it and everything else.
Please be mindful of what you take any medication with!"
"Alprazolam has allowed me to regain my social life. I was imprisoned in my own home by anxiety attacks, not able to spontaneously go out for a meal, a movie, etc. Now I can go out and not worry about having an anxiety attack. It has literally changed my life, and I am very thankful for it."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for 3 years now and love it. It is so convenient that the minimal side effects (mainly some acne) don&#039;t bother me at all. Still have light periods every month or two, but they are very light and all if my previous cramping is gone."
"I have used Metamusil and a variety of such aids in the past to help my irritable bowel and related issues of constipation and hemorrhoids. None of these compares to the efficacy of Konsyl.  It isn&#039;t carried everywhere, and it can be pricey, but it is available online and it is far superior to any other product of its kind that I have used."
"I have diabetes and have had severe constipation for over a year. Went to the doctor and had a few tests done. My doctor put me on Linzess and it has saved my life. I am still sick but without Linzess I would be much sicker than I am now. If you have any problem with constipation talk to your doctor about Linzess it works."
"I would rate this medication a 4. It did clear my acne for about 9 years- I took it while I was in high school. I am a petite, small female and may have been perscribed too high a dose. I experienced thoughts of suicide (extremely out of character), depression, VERY dry skin, aggrivated acne and scarring that was much worse than I ever had. This medication should be prescribed VERY carefully and should be a LAST resort. Patients s/b monitored closely while on this."
"It took a while, but Zoloft has been a total lifesaver for me. I had severe OCD/anxiety and later on depression as well. Anyone who&#039;s ever had crippling anxiety knows what mental torture it is. I was so afraid to try Zoloft but finally gave in when I felt like I had nothing to lose. I was on 50mg and the first few days I only felt a little dizzy but nothing else. On day 11, I first noticed some kind of shift. I remember looking at a tree and for the first time in years feeling joy, like I felt as a kid, and just enjoying its beauty vs fearing getting killed by a falling branch. About 6 weeks in I felt less tense overall but still felt it could be better. Started 100mg and my anxiety is gone. I feel normal again! Please give this a try!"
"I switched from Microgestin to Generess Fe last month.  I no longer have extreme mood swings, no more painful cramps, and I can&#039;t believe it! The only side effect for me is weight gain, which is actually a good thing for me because I&#039;m very active."
"I&#039;ve been having migraines since I was a little girl. I&#039;ve been on all sorts of migraine meds over the years.  Imitrex, triptan, neurotoxin,  and even Xanax because they thought it is being caused by anxiety.   About 2 years ago I was in my classroom and had a wicked migraine.  A sub told me about fioricet. I asked my doctor,  mind you I was being seen by my doctor for this problem. When I arrived at the doctors that day.  I couldn&#039;t even open my eyes. She prescribed it to me before I went over for another CT scan of my head.  It worked so fast and I got relief before I left from my CT scan. It was a miracle.  Nothing worked liked fioricet. But I&#039;ve had other types of migraines,  other then ones coming from my neck, it didn&#039;t work the same."
"I&#039;ve been on Brintellix for four days now after switching from Cymbalta and I am completely regretting it. I felt great for the first day but now feel as bad as I did when I first sought treatment. I&#039;m dizzy and nauseous, I&#039;ve had trouble falling asleep, I&#039;m constantly hungry, I itch everywhere, and I feel like I&#039;m always about to start crying. I&#039;ve had suicidal thoughts of a severity and frequency I haven&#039;t had since before I went on Cymbalta. I very nearly contacted a crisis help center last night, I felt so bad -- and I don&#039;t even really know what triggered it. I&#039;ll discuss it with my therapist tomorrow but I really want to stop taking it; I&#039;m actually nervous about trying to hold out for a month before I see my psychiatrist again."
"I used to honestly be completely against  pharmaceuticals in every sense, until I developed panic disorder. I have intrusive thoughts, and experience hypochondria and dissociation literally for hours on end or off and on throughout the entire day. It&#039;s nearly impossible to even live a normal life feeling this way. After talking a .5 mg xanax, within 10 minutes, all of those negative feelings start to dissipate. It has truly been a miracle drug for me and has changed my life for the better."
"51 yr old female. HCV   since 1985 when it was called Non a Non b Hepatitis. Have done three other tx&#039;s in 12 yrs, interferon and riba then peg interferon and riba. Anaphylaxis to pegylated. Stage 2 fibrosis pushed to cirrhosis. Ten yrs later got a place on Abbvie trial, 2015. Lasted 3 weeks until hospitalized with liver failure. Since then FDA have slapped drug protocol for these meds with a caveat that no one with decomp cirrhosis, Child Pugh score more than A should ever be treated with those meds. Harvoni has had its bad luck cases but nothing like what happened to decomp patients on the Abbvie protocol. Began Harvoni three days ago with justified trepidation. No sides at all first two days, very slight nausea and chills today."
"One of the worst experiences I&#039;ve ever had. I&#039;m 38 and have never had skin issues. Well, now my skin is worse than my 14 year old daughters skin. Within a week of going on this pill, the left side of my face developed cystic acne. A full month in and it was all over my face. I attempted to stick with it to see if I would adjust, but it has gotten worse. Today is Wednesday and I quit taking the pill on Saturday; I&#039;m hoping to see an improvement soon. I&#039;m not sure if it was the pill or my skin, but I&#039;m also pretty depressed and have lots of anxiety. I&#039;d really rather have another baby than deal with the results of this pill."
"Took for the twelve weeks and was cleared of virus that I have had for almost 20 years. My viral load was in the 2 million range and no side effects at all. It has been 4 months now and still clear. My Doctor chose this treatment over others because I was treated in the early years with the interferon/ ribarvarin, and  it did not work for me."
"I was put on this birth control when I had to go to an army hospital and they didn&#039;t have the one I was already taking (Minastrin 24, which was great)! The doctor said Syronx was the same as Minastrin 24, which was a lie. The first month of the syronx was okay, just a little more moody than usual and I thought I can handle that. The end of the second month was HORRIBLE. My acne was the worst it has ever been. I got acne here and there, mostly around the time of my period. This was something else, they were inflamed, painful hormonal acne all on my jawline and neck. My moodiness increased so much to the point my husband and I were arguing about the littlest things and he didn&#039;t even want to talk to me anymore and I kept bawling my eyes out."
"45 year old, Healthcare Professional, Low Testosterone for about 3 years and have tried injections and Androgel with limited success. Started Testim in May and my numbers have actually been so high that I had to cut down dose or dose every other day.  Huge muscle mass gain and weight loss, &gt; 35lbs in 3 months with diet and exercise, (I&#039;m sure the Testim helped), no after work naps anymore.  Be sure to check T and E2 levels regularly but this is the THE best topical testosterone you can get as far as absorption. Smell is a complete non-issue and most who even smell it, love it.  A bit sticky but easily, easily manageable. First T levels were 1100 with a free T of 250, (both too high)."
"A 1-pack smoker for 50 years. Legal professional (not an atty). Lung cancer operation coming up on 7/8/15. Pretty healthy otherwise - Stage 1A or 2A. Nicotrol prescribed by my Providence primary. Both my Providence pulmonologist and 30-year cardiocthoracic surgeon are fine with my taking Nicotrol even going into a lung operation where the lower half of my right lung will be removed in robotic surgery as nicotine itself is not a carcinogen. Upon my diagnosis I stopped inhaling cigarettes and switched to only 1, yes 1, Nicotrol cartridge per day. More and I would be dizzy, etc. No crankiness or cravings, not even right after a meal. Nicotine intake can be controlled with this product. Highly recommend."
"ONLY thing that works after I&#039;ve had a migraine for a while and when Tylenol Migraine or Imitrex don&#039;t work. Love it because it doesn&#039;t make me feel loopy or drowsy. Can take it and still work and most of all because it works."
"I have a very stubborn sinus infection. I have had 2 rounds of a z-pac, biaxin xl, Augmentin, and no success whatsoever. I&#039;m currently on day 3 of Bactrim DS, and I&#039;m also taking a probiotic, as well as a b complex vitamin with vit. c. in this short time, I am feeling so much better. No side effects at all, not one complaint. I am so happy to be on this, it&#039;s actually working for me!!!"
"I&#039;ve found DEMEROL given through IM and IV, to be one of the MOST effective narcotic &quot;PAIN RELIEVERS&quot; given to me after a very traumatic accident and a broken neck"
"Yea! Lets put Antifree in our body! Doctor want me to take it. Look up the inactive crap your putting in your body What are the ingredients in Victoza? Propylene glycol! Phenol (paint stripper) No thanks. Its all money and killing us!

Active Ingredient: liraglutide

Inactive Ingredients: disodium phosphate dihydrate, propylene glycol, phenol and water for injection"
"7.5 mg dosage has done nothing for me.  I think I should be trying the max dose of 15mg as I had taken the max dose 4mg of Detrol LA"
"I was prescribed this medicine because of heavy bleeding due to uterine fibroids. I HATE it! It made me feel crap!! I wanted to sleep all day (though I couldn&#039;t of course) made me weak and achy. It does slow down the bleeding but it wasn&#039;t worth it with the awful side effects."
"Caused high heart rate, chest pains and weight gain."
"I have been taking this medicine for 2 weeks now and I feel much better.  I was extremely depressed and unmotivated.  I tried taking Lexapro and the sexual side effects were severe and the benefits were not worth the trade off so I stopped taking it.  My psychologist recommended Wellbutrin as an alternative and I am SO glad that I tried it.  I am more focused in school, exercising, and have an overall more positive attitude.  The only problem that I have experienced is that I have a very hard time falling asleep and staying asleep at night.  It is VERY annoying, but worth it to me. No sexual side effects and no weight gain."
"Evekeo has been great for the first Time I am doing a lot better in my school and I understand it better. When it comes off its smooth and I don&#039;t stay up all night . I use the discount for my prescription and my insurance card and it is not that expensive. But without all of that it definitely will be"
"I am so grateful to have a very good chance to clear this disease. If I had known all the side effects, physical and mental, I would have made a better plan of action. You will read basically no side effects from Harvoni. NOT TRUE. Before you commit to 8-24 weeks you must read the hepmag.com support group&#039;s post. I wish I had."
"I had been on Haldol before which I am allergic to and it caused wasting away disease.  Invega was my last option and it helped fix what Haldol seemed to have ruined and took away a lot of the scary stuff I was dealing with like seeing people in my room.  The only thing is I am still hearing voices but they are mostly nice.  I am on 234mg a month."
"I&#039;ve taken this medication for a month and I can say it has changed my life:  more energy, more sex drive and losing weight.  Only drawback was I get migraine headaches when I don&#039;t drink enough water.  Drink lots of water with this medication."
"In September 2004 I had been an alcoholic for at least 30 years and been attempting to control my drinking for 10.

I was forced by my partner into taking Campral, I was sure it wouldn&#039;t work, that it was a waste of money, but after 5 weeks when I was being asked what I would like to drink I suddenly realized that alcohol no longer held any attraction for me that was 9 years ago today and I have never drunk, or even been tempted to drink since then.

There is an open bottle of wine in the door of our fridge, there is plenty of other drink in the house, I see it, but am never tempted to drink, the strangest effect is that when I sitting with people who are drinking, I am not envious, I don&#039;t want to join them, I don&#039;t feel left out."
"Savella has helped with my muscle pain, frequency of migraine headaches, brain fog and energy.  I haven&#039;t really had any major side effects.  This medicine has helped me more than anything I&#039;ve been prescribed so far....and that is a pretty long list!"
"I just finished 10 day. It was really hard. Tested positive for h.pylori after endoscopy, as well as, gastritis. No ulcers. Pylera really wrecked my stomach. Side effects for me: Metallic taste, nausea, dizziness, acid reflux, lack of appetite, excessive burping, sour stomach, gnawing gut, dark green stools. Recommend asking doctor for anti-nausea meds which helped a bit. Did not eat dairy, took probiotics everyday. Force feed yourself plain meals to help with meds. Also took omeprazole twice a day. Hope it gets better - so far I feel awful!"
"After having poor results with several antidepressants, I started Viibryd. I only need 5-10 mg to feel a profound result. I eat really clean and exercise every day, so that may be part of why I need less. My doctor actually became emotional when he said he thought this was the right drug. I was suicidal and getting up in the morning was a monumental task. I couldn&#039;t focus on my family and social anxiety was high. I prayed that my body could adjust and it has. When I occasionally up my dose I have severe diarrhea but I just take an OTC to treat it. Insomnia was a problem at first but no longer is. I don&#039;t feel totally like myself, a little drugged, and my short term memory is very challenged. But it&#039;s worth it. I can function fully now."
"If you are addicted to narcotic pain killers I would definitely recommend this drug to you."
"I&#039;ve been taking lisinopril 5 mg once daily since April of this year   In July my endocrinologist increased me to 5 mg twice daily.   In October I started getting headaches    At first I thought it was just seasonal allergies and sinus problems    The headaches have gotten horrible I can barely stand them and sometimes they make me dizzy   I haven&#039;t really noticed a big difference in my blood pressure either  so today   I&#039;m contacting my endocrinologist today to see if she can make a recommendation for something else     I didn&#039;t realize that headaches were a side effect of this medication until I logged on to find out if it was possible it could be the lisinopril    I have never experienced headaches like this"
"This medicine saved me life! After just 3 weeks of use I started noticing a major difference. I did experience really bad side effects at first such a nausea, insomnia and loss of appetite. But after 4 days, these side effects started to subside and after the first week they were completely gone. I can&#039;t even remember the last time I felt this good! I would recommend it to everyone."
"I promised myself I&#039;d come back to this site and share my experience since it has helped me so much. About four months ago I had my first panic attack, a week after a very serious surgery, my doctor suggested it was from the anesthesia. Went two weeks without another one, then boom, full blown panic disorder. I thought I was losing my mind, I had to drop out of school and take off work. Went to see a psych who gave me Zoloft, started on 25mg (2weeks) then 50mg where I&#039;m at now. I&#039;ve been at the full dose for 2 months now and I finally feel &quot;that switch&quot; that people talk about go off. The side effects? HORRIBLE. If I didn&#039;t need to stick with it I wouldn&#039;t have. Headaches, insomnia, palpitations, excessive yawning. They go away."
"Adderall has made me successful at work.  It allows me to dominate. I am the hardest worker. I only want to work and get ahead, but not socialize."
"I love the fact that I only get my period a few times a year. I was on the name brand version of Jolessa, Seasonique, for 6 months and when I would get my period, I would have terrible cramps...even when I wouldn&#039;t get bad cramps before being on birth control. I would spot a month before i was supposed to get my period. My twin sister started taking Jolessa and told me to try it. I love it. I rarely spot, and if I do it&#039;s a few days before im scheduled to get my period. I highly reccomend it."
"I have been on and off Cymbalta for about 3 years. Just today after visiting with my Doctor and with my husbands honest feedback (he was there with me), I realized that I have to go back on it. So I&#039;m going off Wellbutrin, which had worked great in the past. Cymbalta really is the best anti-depressent that I have tried, and I have tried a lot.  The only reasons I ever went off it in the past was the bloated feeling I felt and weight gain.  So I am committing to eating better (watch calorie intake and get off the carbs) and excercising.  Going to go buy a treadmill tomorrow. Keeping my fingers crossed that I&#039;m able to stay on it for good this time."
"I completed the series of 3 Orthovisc injections Aug. 15 and sadly not noticing much improvement.  I read from one comment that relief wasn&#039;t noticed till about a month so I am hoping like crazy that it will work.  After the first injection it seemed like there might be hope for my knees and I gave a 10-15% improvement but nothing after the first go round.  Had a good Dr. that used an ultrasound so the needle wasn&#039;t too bad.  More pressure then pain but I am disappointed with the results so far."
"I had terrible periods with excruciating pain and HEAVY bleeding. No birth control pill worked. I was depressed every other two weeks. It was a nightmare. I thought maybe I had endo, but a friend suggested Natazia. She had been taking it for a year and her symptoms went away. I asked for it, and my life changed. I tell people that Natazia healed me - no period symptoms, no mood swings, no migraines, no pain! The fact that it&#039;s not one does of hormones for one month makes so much sense - why did it take so long for them to develop this! It has different levels of hormones for each part of your cycle, giving you what you need or don&#039;t need! Dont give up if you don&#039;t see changes immediately- give it at least 3 mos!"
"I have been on Implanon for nearly two and a half years now.  I had been on the Depo before that for about five years.  My biggest concern was not getting my period because that was the whole reason I was originally put on birth control.  I essentially cannot function when I get my period and with the Implanon I have not gotten it once.  I gained a lot of weight on the Depo, but once on Implanon I lost 20lbs. Although I was exercising regularly as well.  The only negative side effect I&#039;ve experienced is a lowered sex drive.  Other than that I love this birth control.  I think people just need to realize that different bodies respond differently to medications."
"I suffer from obsessive compulsive personality disorder.   It makes me not want to be around other people so I stay in all the time, which leads to extreme lethargy.  I just lay in bed all day and spiral downward until I have no energy to do anything at all.   Fastin gives me the energy psychologically as well as physically to get out of bed and start doing things.  It does cause some side effects, but these are to be expected with something that works so powerfully.  Only this or Zoloft have helped me to lead a productive life.   With doctors for zoloft, I have to make appointments, pay for insurance, a doctor visit,  the prescription, and wait in line at the pharmacy, none of which I can do after I run out of medication.  Thank you Fastin"
"Strattera has proved to be quite beneficial for my cognitive performance. It has increased my memory, attention and organization of thinking. The side effects I&#039;ve had have been nausea and trouble sleeping but as I keep taking it in sure it will subside more. I currently take 40 mg and working up to 80 mg."
"Had active life style was able to do 40-50 min tread mill workout (Run/Walk) and was able to participate in outdoor soccer. Lost gf, grandmother died , horrible boss in new job in 3 month  = 189/125 diagnosed accidentally

First 20mg (85% effective) , then 40 mg worked

Blood pressure: Normal , weight gain 30 pound added

Other impacts
Cramps while playing soccer. Enhanced sensation of muscle fatigue (post hitting ball) or muscle in body. Next day feel effects. 

Stopped running / bike- ride rowing ok

Flaky Rash on elbows dime size /now double (Use moisturizer / Nivea aftershave on it works).
Weight gain depression
3 hours after taking Meds, lazy 
Potassium sports drink helped muscle recovery feel good (Doctor say don&#039;t take potassium"
"I used capsaicin for relief of neck pain (eventually resolved by surgery) &amp; now for very painful arthritic knees. 

It was very effective for the neck pain AFTER i slowly built up to effective dose.  Currently trying to reach therapeutic level for knees -- slow going due to hot weather &amp; sweating.

Capsaicin can cause very bad burning pain if it gets wet during bathing or sweating before one has built tolerance.  In fact, i swore off it twice due to agonizing burning before learning to manage the early months of use much more carefully &amp; start low &amp; slow (as I&#039;m doing now with knees).  However it&#039;s a great pain treatment once you learn to use it carefully &amp; build tolerance.  Wash hands twice or use gloves to avoid possible eye contact!"
"I have been taking this pill for almost a week now and I am experiencing very bad headaches, stomach aches, drowsiness, moody, and depression. I have tried the bc shot, and about 4 other different kind of pills. Birthcontrol pills make me ill to say the least, but I will keep taking microgestin for a month to see if it will magically not make me feel sick. So far not so good. My family already think I should quit taking it because I&#039;m feeling sick and they don&#039;t want to see me go through that again. I&#039;m 18 just graduated from hs in June and for prom and grad night at Disneyland I was completely sick from the pills stomach hurt BAD. So I&#039;m hoping my body adjusts well to these new pills  praying . Everyone has different side effects."
"Being on this medicine for the first 5 days was hard, felt sicker then ever with symptoms of mild diarrhea, some hives, worst nausea, fatigue. This started to improve day 6. After being on it for a week am almost back to normal. Felt like the drugs had to work on the H.Pylori, then the body had to work on getting the drug out of the body."
"I started on this medication just 3 days ago at 2 mg. In conjunction with celexa  40 mg and 90 mg cymbalta. I have noticed some mild nausea but nothing else yet. To the 12 yr old girl, my doctor and pharmacy said this medication abilify should not be taken by anyone under 18 years."
"I started on the treatment 10 days ago! I have had Hep C for 27 years! Slight nausea first few days! Last 2 days feel absolutely amazing! Heaps of energy and no brain fog hallelujah! Am so excited! What a wonderful drug for a hideous virus!!THANKU!!"
"One month with this pill, since I started it. I have a lot of mouth dryness, nausea. I prefer taking this pill before going to bed that way I don&#039;t feel anything else, but it bothers me completely to have dry mouth the whole day. Hopefully gets better."
"I was suffering really bad with my sinuses over the weekend and could find any relief. The doctor told me in the past to take Claritin, but it has never helped. I was at work this morning and my co worker told me about Zyrtec.  Actually she had one for me to try and within 30 minutes, I could feel the pressure letting up in my
sinus areas and what a surprise, I could breathe so much better, no sneezing, dripping, coughing, horrible pressure in my sinuses.
I was astonished that this little pill could work so effectively. I have to say that I feel like a totally different person today, thanks to Zyrtec. If you haven&#039;t ever tried it, be sure to, it is the best of the best. I love you ZYRTEC!"
"I had this implanted so that I never had to think about taking a birth control at a certain time and everything like that, so in that respect it is great. However my periods have become virtually untrackable. At first I had no period for like three months and then all of the sudden I had light ones for a couple of days, within a week of each other. This happens all the time, either I have a period or I don&#039;t; either its super heavy, and I feel awful between bloating, headaches, body aches for a couple of days; or I have a very light and spotty period for a week and a half where its impossible for plan for. I have had no consistency with periods which is very tiring, annoying and frustrating. I also sometimes get a pain around the area."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for 8 years. Took it off 2 years ago to conceive my 2nd child and had no problems whatsoever. It does take 3 months to leave your system so keep that in mind before trying to conceive. After those 3 months... BOOM! We were pregnant! Got right back on it after my 2nd was born and have been good ever since! No side effect, I like the fact that I can control when I get my period by removing the patch the week that I want it or putting on a new patch if I don&#039;t want it that week. No weight gain, nothing. A  in my book!!"
"I have been taking Buspar for a week now, and the next day I felt a difference. Actually the next three to four days I felt a difference. But after that I started having some anxiety again and irritability. I was concerned that it had stopped working. I went to my doctor and she told me to keep up with it. That it takes some people 2 months to start working. I said well I have been waiting my whole life for something to work so 2 months is worth the wait. So if you are new to trying the this I recommend waiting. The side effects for me were pretty bad. I had flu like symptoms, constipation, insomnia, the shakes, muscle spasms, but for the most part they have started to go away. I have found being very consistent with taking it helps."
"40yr old female!  I have Hoshi thyroid disorder. Had a hysterectomy in my mid 20s which is the cause of my osteoporosis.  I have been on this going on my 4th month so far no side effects.  Small bruising at injection site. I&#039;ll have a new scan in about 6 months I feel very hopeful for improved results."
"I got on Skyla when I was 18 after I had a miscarriage back in December of 2015. Insertion hurt like crazy, as if you were having period cramps that would make you want to double over in pain and go to the hospital. After having it inserted I started gaining weight, I was constantly depressed, I would want to eat more, periods would last for two weeks at one time minimal. It felt like I was on a constant period with all these mood swings. It&#039;s now August of 2016 and the pain is ten times worse, I go to the hospital about the situation and they tell me I&#039;m a month pregnant. I do not recommend Skyla to anybody."
"I used this medicine just for three days for fibromyalgia.  I had immediate relief. I did have to stay in bed with a hot moist heating pad."
"LoSeasonique works fine as birth control. I didn&#039;t get pregnant while on it but it didn&#039;t keep my period at bay for the 3 months as stated. For me, this pill actually worked the opposite way. I had a period for 3 weeks then nothing for 1 week rather than the other way around. And it wasn&#039;t just light spotting, I had bleeding similar to a period. I gave it a chance the first month and the second month, but after that I called it quits. I will have to try something else."
"I have been off anti-depressants for about 7 months then I needed to go back on when I entered a very heavy ward (I&#039;m a nurse) because I was becoming very anxious and could not work as well as I was. I WAS on Zoloft but now am trying Pristiq. I have been on Pristiq for 2 weeks now, the first few days I had side effects - increased anxiety, insomnia, nausea and increased sweating but all side effects have now subsided. 

Positives:
- I have not had any anxiety this week and have been confident at work
- No depressive symptoms
- I have lost weight (not meant to be good but I&#039;m happy about it).

Negatives:
- I have noticed a slight decrease in libido which might turn out to be a problem and that&#039;s what I was scared of."
"I&#039;m just on day 2 of a 10 day script and seems to work. The fever i fought for 5 days is gone. However, it feels like needles poking me all over my body. Also i wish i had known before not to lay down for at least 30 minutes after taking. I had THE WORST reflux pain I&#039;d had in 3 years last night. Also some chest discomfort. All after 2 doses. Happy it&#039;s working on the infection causing the fever but alot of discomfort. Jury is still out, hopefully the side effects are short lived."
"I am a healthy, active, college student, and I have experienced no negative side effects from this pill. I was scared to start it because so many other users gave it bad reviews, but I&#039;ve been on it for 3 months and I&#039;ve had no bad side effects at all. I&#039;m also not pregnant so the pill seems to be working correctly. Micronor hasn&#039;t changed my moods or made me gain weight. The only noticeable change has been my breast size. Within the first month of taking Micronor, my bra size increased from a C to a D. I use condoms with Micronor to be extra safe, since it is not quite as effective at preventing pregnancy as other birth control pills."
"I didn&#039;t feel this drug did much of anything to lessen my depression. It did give me night and day sweats, dry mouth and a foggy mental state that offer made clear thinking more difficult"
"I had the implanon inserted over a year ago.
I gained 8kgs in less than 6 months,I always had the perfect skin but the implanon causes me to have spots everyday.
I have irregular bleeding sometimes 2 - 3 weeks at a time and I am heavily bloated all the time.
I am very emotional and sometimes just get angry over nothing.
I get bad back pains and pains in my legs .
I have been heavily dieting for the past 3 months even using duromine to help me,which makes me feel worse.I have lost only 2.8kgs in 3 weeks.
The implanon is definitely effective and I really don&#039;t want to fall pregnant.
I suffer from severe anxiety and I am afraid the anxiety will get worse if I remove it.
I suffered for at least 4 months to overcome some of the anxiety symptoms"
"I have had knee pain for many years and after 2 operations it got worse. Sleeping was a problem with severe sharp pain. A new doctor recommended to me, found I had severe arthritis after an MRI and put me on Mobic and wow! Why had no doctor ever prescribed this before? Pain relief within the week was amazing and my sore back improved also. I have a new life and no side effects to date and I have been taking it for 10 months. I&#039;m 50 and feeling 40 again instead of 70."
"My gall bladder was acting up and the pain was terrible.  I took a Protonix as soon as I got out of the doctors office (with a sandwich and doctor pepper) about 15 seconds later I was burping like CRAZY.  Viola!! The pain subsided considerably in less than 3 minutes.  AN hour later it was like I never even had the pain!  I felt MUCH, MUCH better."
"Been taking 1000mg a day for about a week. No side effects and my blood glucose levels are around 150 now. I&#039;m Full sooner and hoping for some weight loss. Took Trulicity prior and was sick an entire week from one shot!"
"This product is a God send. Minor burning sensation after applying and in the morning until I shower, but you have to weigh the positives with the negatives. I used to be drenched under my arm pits but now I can go a full 8+hr shift without even noticing any sweat."
"This is my 3rd month on this birth control and so far my breast has gotten bigger, they have been sore, I happen to be hungry all the time and have gained a good 10 pounds. Other than the weight gain, being hungry all the time and soreness in my breast, this birth control is pretty good. Hey, only 4 periods every year! I think I&#039;ll stick to this for a while. I&#039;ll just have to exercise and have self control on what I eat!"
"It really does its job of keeping the water retention down in the body."
"I am one of the few that have not had a good experience.  High anxiety because my heart won&#039;t slow down, bad headache, little nausea, and loose stool. I&#039;m going tomorrow to get different antibiotics."
"I used a Monistat 3-day when I got my first yeast infection a few years ago, worked great with no discomfort. Figured out I had another one a few days ago and inserted the first dose after my shower tonight and immediately felt horrific burning and itching. Googled it and found these reviews. Pushed and scooped out as much cream as I could, now it&#039;s only burning up towards my cervix. Also, it&#039;s my birthday, so this is fun...Will be calling my doctor Monday morning to seek alternate treatment."
"I am a 30 year old married female. 
I took biotin for 5 days, 5000 mcg 2 pills a day and now my period is 3 days late (And counting.The pregnancy test is negative fyi).
 I found many posts online by users saying their menstruation cycle started later rather than sooner and they weren&#039;t pregnant. I just wanted to mention this possible side effect. Also this pill gave me pimples."
"I am a 21 year old female and I had Skyla placed in two weeks ago. The process itself was not comfortable and involved some pain, but afterwards I had a couple hours of slight cramping and then I was fine! I bled for the two days after it was implanted and then it stopped. I just finished a period that lasted three days :). My period prior would last for more than 7 with severe cramping. I&#039;m already loving this."
"I&#039;ll admit, at first I was extremely skeptical. I had heard about all of the nasty side effects that occur with this medicine. 5 months ago, I had cystic acne SO bad that each side of my face on my cheeks looked like I had a big, inflamed, rash on them. I was embarrassed to leave the house and I had to cake on the makeup, and even then you could tell I had a big problem. Within the first three months or so, I had been on it and while it got better, I was sure it would never get really better because I kept breaking out. Well, I am officially on my 5th and last month and I haven&#039;t had a new pimple in over a week, I am 100% clear. This stuff WORKS. Don&#039;t let people scare you, the side effects are really not that bad. Life changing stuff."
"My sinus infection was hard to diagnose. Thought allergy meds were causing post nasal drip. Then my lungs were inflaming to the point I couldn&#039;t play racketball. Got to my allergist, it took a week. By then I was contemplating getting on oxygen by going to the hospital, but prescription finally came for Doxcyclin. Though 22 days of 30 It eased things up. Started the Biaxin just a few days after the end of the Doxcyclin. Dr warned me of aluminum taste Pharmacist warned me of needing food. Never noticed any stomach upset. Stopped taking with food, but always with a big glass of water. Only noticed metalic taste a few times waking up with foam in the back of my throat, but by the 3rd day that was gone. I&#039;m on the 2nd week and starting sprints."
"I definitely noticed a difference while taking Strattera. The symptoms of my ADHD have improved indefinitely. I feel less withdrawn from reality, increased self esteem and better focus. The 25mgs gave me insomnia. With the 40mg I stopped noticing the benefits of Strattera and noticed more of the side effects (dizziness, hot flashes, etc). 60mg seemed to be the most effective for me. But after a week of taking the 60mg, I didn&#039;t go a day without nausea. The nausea was so bad that it practically cancelled out the benefits of Strattera. This is just what happened in my case. I would recommend this medication in hopes that the side effects aren&#039;t as bad for others."
"I have taken medications for 10 years, and they have, basically, helped me cope
with depression.  Effexor is outstanding.  I take it in the morning, and it helps all day."
"I was on Lyrica for a total of four days. It got rid of my pain (almost completely!) but the side effects were terrible. I got anxious, depressed, confused, blurred vision, and a general &quot;high&quot; (not a good high) feeling. I felt very dumb and had a lot of trouble articulating my thoughts. Overall a terrible drug for me. The side effects out weighed the benefits of this medication.

"
"I&#039;ve been on Tri-Sprintec for 3 months now and the first two months were great. My period was short and light, breast grew a little, no cramps, maybe a little bit emotional but for the most part great. This month I&#039;ve started bleeding for the 2nd time and it is the heaviest flow I&#039;ve ever had. I usually have a heavy flow for 1 or 2 days but have been very very heavy for an entire week. I&#039;m starting to feel very weak and achy. The first two months were great, but maybe this side effect just affects me."
"I&#039;m beginning to feel the effect of the medication after days of taking it.

PS Complete the course of the medication (Under doctor&#039;s advise)"
"I was prescribed this medication every 6 hrs for a severe tooth infection that was sore to my neck. It&#039;s been 3 days and the pain is subsiding a bit, very little heartburn, but I also am on prescription Prilosec. You cannot take any heartburn meds for 2-4hrs before and after taking clindamycin. My dosage is every 6 hrs. So far my worst side effect is the stomach cramping and I have the absolute worst metal taste in my mouth. Nothing seems to take it away. I suggest definitely following the directions exactly, especially with drinking water and NOT laying down for at least 20-30mins."
"Would have been a miracle if it weren&#039;t for the time-consuming bouts of nausea that accompanied each dose."
"Was on the shot for about 2 years. Loved it. Not bleeding, no cramps, and I still had my very active sex life. Towards the end of that 2 years I realized I gained about 20lbs!!!! That&#039;s a lot for me. I have very high metabolism. Then my hair started to thin out. I had to stop taking it. 
I can&#039;t seem to lose the weight, which is annoying. Now I&#039;m on birth control pills. I don&#039;t like it at all. No sex drive and some acne and serious mood swings. Did I mention no sex drive! If the pills don&#039;t work after 3 months I am going to consider going back to the shot."
"This is an awesome medicine. I am so happy to have been able to use in pregnancy.  I was on it from 20 weeks to 36..they say 12 days after you stop the shot you go into labor, that was true for me as well. This is the only medication that helped me complete a pregnancy.  It&#039;s awesome! Yes the shot in the butt hurts and you stay sore about 4 days. But it was totally worth it."
"I have tried all the fad diets to no avail.  I&#039;ve tried over the counter weight loss pills and nothing has worked since stacker 3 original formula was banned.  I was told I would only get Adipex for 3 months.  My third check up is tomorrow and I&#039;ve lost 50lbs so far.  The pill is starting to feel like it&#039;s losing it&#039;s effectiveness.  Tomorrow I am going to start a 10 day break in hopes that when I start back up it will be as effective as the first month.  I&#039;ve got another 40 to go, so hopefully it works.  It&#039;s been great, though.  50 lbs in 2 months when nothing else helped before is very impressive.  It&#039;s nice hearing all the compliments on the weight loss too."
"I&#039;m on my second day. Still smoking, definitely not as much. I&#039;m a pack and a half to two packs a day. Been 33 years now, I&#039;m 44. Anyways, first day not much different and I feel like I smoked more then normal. But today I smoked about 10, which is a drastic reduction for me. They taste awful and I actually can&#039;t stand the smell. I&#039;m still on 150 mg, I start 300 mg in two days."
"I was always smart, but my career has accelerated rapidly thanks to this drug.  I have the stamina and focus that I just would not have otherwise.  I had trouble  with concentration in college and it wasn&#039;t until I started taking vyvanse that I finally was able to complete tasks in a reasonable amount of time.   My GPA went from a 3.3 to a 4.0. 

 All the positives aside,  I missed the pill today and basically ate the entire house.  Withdrawal effects are Brutal."
"I truly believe it works at stopping leakage.  I thought I had found a miracle cure, but I seem to be allergic and can&#039;t take the burning redness and rash. I have gone through a couple of boxes because it works so well but six days after only a 24 hour use I still have a terrible itchy red rash.  I will still consider using for special occasions.  And I must agree it is expensive."
"Using this product completely changed my life. I used nicoderm CQ exactly how it stated on the directions. I haven&#039;t smoked in 7 weeks. I knew I couldn&#039;t quit with out help and after reading all the reviews decided on the patch. I started by cutting back each week the amount of cigarettes I smoked. Finally I was down to one a day. I smoked one a day for 10 days on the 11th day I put on stage 1 of nicoderm CQ. I didn&#039;t like the patch on my arms so I put them on my thigh alternating each day. The cravings were less and less each day. I found that drinking ice water through a straw everytime I had a craving helped so much. It kept me hydrated (which eases the amount of cravings) and the straw acted like a cigarette with the sucking."
"This medication made my ears ring which they have been doing for about 20 years now. My Doctor advised that this is a less than 2% side effect. Never the less, be careful."
"The first drug I found to really rid an on coming migraine with no side effects. Problem now is that AARP Medicare Advantage and Aetna Advantage does not cover it. "
"I have tried a dozen different medications but none as effective as this. I tried Celebrex last year and was in so much pain after three days I went back to my Voltaren. I take 100mg twice a day that helps me work and function normally."
"I love it. My doctor advised me, it&#039;s best to take right before bed. I get extremely tired 10 to 15 minutes after I take Xzyal. I also have to sleep for more than 8 hours, if I don&#039;t sleep more than 8 hours I feel drowsy all day and feel the need to take a nap."
"I have been using EpiDuo for three months now.  I was not seeing the results I wanted at first.  My face was still breaking out and was very oily.  My dermatologist told me to use a pea sized amount for my whole face, as did the website. I read on the EpiDuo site that using more would not help. So I kept using the pea sized amount and kept breaking out.  Last week at month 3, I was ready to give up and say here is another product that failed to cure my acne.  Instead I decided to try using more of the product before giving up.  Now I am using 4 pea sized drops on my face.  What a difference that made. For the first time in years I am totally acne free.  So yes 100% it does work, just don&#039;t believe everything you hear I guess. "
"I&#039;ve been taking it for a few years, so far it&#039;s done what it&#039;s supposed to. Only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is an increase in yeast infections (about one a year) since I started taking it."
"I was on Paxil for over 10 years and they slowly started to stop working to the point of my previous agoraphobia returning. I tried augmentation with Abilify but the side effects were horrific. I was terrified nothing would ever work again as I tried a few other meds like Remeron which did nothing. Then my Psych decided to start me on clomipramine. I started very slow due to fear of side effects. Its been 5 weeks and I&#039;m currently on 87.5mg. As of 5 days ago I started to see and feel the benefits! It&#039;s really amazing! No more daily anxiety to the point if panic. I have started to leave the house alone and go to the shops or for a walk which I hadn&#039;t been able to do for many months. This drug quiet ls your mind and gives you confidence!"
"Delighted to hear others have benefited by taking Mirapex, I have had very mixed results. It certainly has alleviated my symptoms connected with Restless Legs Syndrome. But the relief came with a price. I became so nauseated that I was up all night, so after three nights I had to stop taking the medicine. I found Percocet the ideal replacement."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for several years now. It works great for me. If I don&#039;t take it I cry. I take 60mg/day. It helps with my fibromyalgia also. I had tried many other medicines like Lexapro and nothing else worked for me."
"A costly and largely ineffective drug. Beware discount cards that refuse to honor their promises for low co-pay and further discounts. After having one 3 month shot priced at $2,500 and feeling little to no relief from a reoccurrence of Endometriosis I ended up getting a full hysterectomy anyway."
"I took Lunesta only for a few days because it gave me unpleasant taste. It was really bad. Then I switched to Ambien. It was better than Lunesta, but there was a residual effect that the medicine made me irritable and anxious next morning. My doctor gave me Silenor. It is better than Ambien CR. I do not feel anxious or irritable next morning and I can sleep 8 hours. The only side effect, though very minor, is that it makes me sluggish a little. But, overall, Silenor is better than Ambien CR. "
"I&#039;ve had Implanon for 9 months now and have considered taking it out a couple times. I do think you should do your research before deciding, everyone reacts differently, but I&#039;ve had several inconvenient side effects. I rarely bleed, and if I do its only for a couple of days and very light, but that&#039;s a plus! I&#039;ve always had migraines so its hard to say which ones are caused by the Implanon, but I do see an increase in them and consistency (although they don&#039;t always last too long and not always as intense). I do experience horrible cramps though, which I never had before the Implanon and mood swings accompanied by a bit of depression. I&#039;m keeping it in until the 3 years have past, but I&#039;m not sure if I will get another one."
"I&#039;m on my fourth 800/160 pill of bactrim treating MRSA infection which has also caused my lymph nodes behind knee and groin to swell and  hurt.  I initially took doxycycline for about 4 days with worsening infection.  Bactrim worked day 1.   The infection started to clear and lymph swelling and pain is going away. 
Unfortunately I had severe anxiety including shaking tightness in chest very dizzy and feelings of doom.  It&#039;s possible this was brought on by me overreacting to a slight side effect but this is a very strong antibiotic. It works but you might have to suffer through it.  Not fun"
"My asthma attack and fever of 102.6 started suddenly 1/18/2010. I went to my pulmonary doctor 1/19. I received a Solu-Medrol dosepak. The first days dose is the heaviest. I took it as directed. I had taken 2 doses on the second day when I developed severe chest pains. I returned to my doctor and was admitted to hospital for cardiac work-up. Within 24 hours of tests, I was discharged. I never had any more chest pain after stopping medicine. I must have developed a sensitivity last May when I had pneumonia for 16 days in hospital. My body is very sensitive to medicines. I liked Solu-Medrol. Maybe I have to take it with Benadryl.  I don&#039;t know until I speak with my doctor on my return visit."
"So I am a new nurse but have overcome a lot of health problems. Due to wearing a girdle to support my large hernia and lack of water from rushing around the ER, I became suddenly constipated. For three weeks it was wait until my days off and stay in the bathroom in agony. So I went to my doctor and they gave me this, it was actually sweet! I took a shower and by the time I was done so was my problem! I am amazed and my IBS even seems to be calming down!"
"Took two tablets at 11 pm and woke up at 3 am with horrible cramps. The cramps lasted about ten minutes (felt like ten hours) before I finally had one of the worst BMs of my life. I was sweating, nauseous, and crying all while trying to finish going to the bathroom. After about 15 minutes, I&#039;m back in bed but I feel the cramps coming back and am scared that this will be forever. Pretty sure I know how the people on Oregon trail felt when they died of dysentery."
"This is the only med that actually helps me sleep. I had tried melatonin, zopiclone, lorazepam and temazepam, as well as every natural remedy I could get my hands on and then my doctor suggested quetiapine. I take 25mg about an hour before going to sleep and usually by the time I climb into bed I can hardly keep my eyes open. I&#039;m also taking bupropion (which is technically contraindicated with quetiapine) which may be why I feel so sedated on such a low dose. The only downside is that I don&#039;t fully wake up from it until I&#039;ve been physically awake for at least an hour and it makes me really thirsty. But that&#039;s a small price to pay for getting a good sleep after struggling for years. Also it makes orgasms less intense for me which sucks!"
"This is a wonder drug for me.I am allergic to both codeine and hydrocodone and yesterday I had to go to the ER for an extremely infected hair follicle. I was in such horrible pain my blood pressure was through the roof. The doctor gave me a Percocet before he applied lidocane to my follicle. I didn&#039;t feel a thing. Not even when he said the lidocane would hurt. He sent me home with a 5mg prescription. It did make me somewhat nauseated. I took a phenergan with it and was able to rest. I really recommend this medicine."
"I was unsure if Citalopram was working, so I slowly tried to come off them. This is when I realised they did work for my depression and anger."
"After 3 years of crippling lower back pain and radiculopathy from L-5 spondylolysthesis, I tried 60 mg of cymbalta : complete game-changer. I experience slight nausea a few times a week, but that&#039;s all. I&#039;m back to being a happy, nearly pain -free dad. If I hadn&#039;t tried this, I would be facing  surgery by now.  What a blessing."
"I am a nervous flyer and my anxiety has been getting particularly bad, so I decided to go to my family doc and get a prescription. My doc gave me ativan and said to take 1 mg 1 hour before the flight. I took 1 mg exactly as she told me and then another 0.5 mg midway through the flight.During the flight, I felt completely calm and at peace, which has never happened before. Highly recommend for infrequent fliers with anxiety"
"Viberzi was given to me for ibs and I took 3 pills and ended up in the hospital for a week. I honestly thought this drug was going to kill me. I had severe pain in my chest and could not take in a full breath. The hospital doctors said my pancreas was swelled really bad and putting pressure on my lungs and it was because I had used viberzi."
"I&#039;ve recently got my second implant inserted. I loved the first one. It hurt going in but to not worry about buying and taking birth control for 3 years was worth it to me. I was also one of the lucky ones who didn&#039;t have a period for two years. Then the final year I did start having a period once a month. It lasted about 4 days but I was pretty sick those 4 days. I&#039;VE gained a little bit of weight and my acne has been pretty bad, but it was the same as other birth controls. Now this second one has given me extreme moodiness, hot sweats and cravings. Still no period so far but I feel like a bat outta hell lately. I didn&#039;t experience this with the first one. I just had it done a few weeks ago though. All this said, I like the implant for me"
"I wanted so badly for this stuff to work. I&#039;m a 59 year old woman. I&#039;ve had thin hair all my life but still had a full head of hair. When my hair started getting noticeably thinner with balding patches  I was desperate to do something about it. My biggest fear starting it was the warning of initial dread shed. I haven&#039;t got enough hair to spare. Well the shed never happened and after a full year of faithful application, nothing else did either so I give up. Also worth noting I had terrible bouts of nausea and vomiting which has ceased since I quit the minoxidil. That&#039;s no way to live. This is not usually talked about as a side effect but I can only associate it with the use of minoxidil since I no longer have it."
"I started taking belviq twice a day faithfully , first week no change in appetite ,cravings or weight. Second week I felt like I gained weight still no change in appetite ,GAINED 3 LBS. So upset after spending $88.00,I abruptly stopped and made Dr. Aware. She never said to wean off. Within 2 days major withdraw, Had abdominal cramping, nausea and vomiting all night until I took another pill. Then decided for the next 4 days to slowly wean off which I did. This is a strong as medication. Don&#039;t stop abruptly! Didn&#039;t work for me."
"23 year old here, had the nexplanon 3 years before just having it removed. I absolutely loved it, I don&#039;t have a thing bad to say about it"
"My sleep cycle got disrupted due to stress.  Was not happy with ambien or lunestra, I felt like both knocked me out and I would not know if the house was burning down.  Take 30mg of elavil.  Now I just sleep like a regular person.  I can wake up, take a leak, go back to bed, sleep away.  I regularly sleep 8 to 10 hours with this, which I never had previously in my lifetime.  I do get super sticky tongue  due to the dry mouth.  However, that is a small price to pay to sleep.  I am extremely happy with the medicine.  I have been to Europe twice from the west coast with the least amount of jet lag ever.  I actually slept on the plane!

Works for me."
"I am 27 and have always suffered from acne. I tried everything and was always disappointed as my breakouts continued. After a short stint with Spironolactone, my dermatologist said she wanted me on a topical and introduced me to Atralin. It took my skin a few weeks to get used to and probably 2 months for my breakouts to completely clear up. I haven&#039;t had a pimple in months. I finally feel comfortable enough to wear my hair up in public and can even go with no makeup. Great skin can really change your life!"
"Well, the pain on the nerve goes away pretty quickly after taking 150 mg of Trileptal, which I just started taking this year, because when I was told that I had trigeminal neuralgia last year, I didn&#039;t find out until the pain was almost over, but the medicine only lasts about 4 hours or so.  At first, I got a headache, which didn&#039;t last too long, so I didn&#039;t take anything for the headache.  What concerns me the most is that lately I have been getting pain on my ankles the next day after doing a 45 min kickboxing work-out and it&#039;s not going away, which I never had before. Today for the first time in my life I had a terrible pain on my pelvis that I couldn&#039;t hardly walk .  Hopefully the pain goes away soon, and I won&#039;t have to take anything, &#039;until next year&#039;!"
"36 y.o. Was prescribed prepopik for prep for colonoscopy. I was suprised that it was only 2 ,5 oz glasses of prep when everyone complains about drinking a gallon. After one 5 oz cup it took 90 minutes for first BM. I could easily make it to the toilet. I had 3 watery BM then it stopped. 5 hours after first one I took the second dose. No BM till morning. It wasn&#039;t very bad so I was worried it wouldn&#039;t be clear for the colonoscopy, but it was great. Very easy . The drug cost me 100$ after insurance."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been using epiduo for just less than a week. I have never had acne but for some reason within the last 6 months I have started to get it on my cheeks. I obviously have put to much on because for the past two days my face has been flaky and dry, and is currently very red. I&#039;m hoping the redness goes away soon."
"I&#039;m fairly new to yeast infections. This is probably my third or fourth ever. Besides that I&#039;m sensitive to just about everything unfortunately. I didn&#039;t want to go and be prescribed diflucan again. (Diflucan worked like a charm by the way). I didn&#039;t read any reviews or I wouldn&#039;t have bought it. But I took it around 9:38pm and went to bed. I promise you at 11:00 the burning woke me up. On the inside and out so I  tried baby wipes, nothing. I decided to lay down. I couldn&#039;t take it. I got in the bathtub removed as much as I could and I lathered a loofah with summers eve sensitive wash and I scrubbed like hell. There is way less burning inside. And no burning at all on the outer skin. Maybe I didnt have one at alI idk. Hope this helps."
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave for about 11 months now and have lost about 30lbs due entirely to the medication. I mean-its the only thing. I used to work out w a trainer 2-3 times a week for years and I stopped going to the gym entirely and still lost the weight. I order the same food but eat only a 1/3. Now I can stop obsessing about what to eat! I will warn you that I CAN NOT DRINK AT ALL ON CONTRAVE!! If I have 2 glasses of wine -which I am offered often since I&#039;m in the wine biz and I&#039;m throwing up all night and have a 2 day hangover. When I know I&#039;m going to have some drinks I skip the afternoon does or if I&#039;m going to a wedding or on vaca I stop taking. I don&#039;t notice a huge change in my eating when I skip a day."
"I have had the Implanon for a year now and really like it.  I only had one period about a week after insertion and haven&#039;t had one since.  When I was on the pill I had mood swings so I switched to the Implanon. I haven&#039;t had any problems with mood swings since.  Also, not having to remember to take a pill everyday is a big advantage.  The only bad thing is I had a slight increase in acne, it is subsiding now.  This was only a minor annoyance to me in comparison to the good aspects.  Overall, I am very pleased with the Implanon and glad I switched from the pill."
"Overall, it is doing okay. I do sweat alot and it does interact with other medicines which I&#039;m on."
"I have chronic inflammation of my lungs and get bronchitis easily.  I recently had the worst episode .... I took 17 days of Avelox. I am finally feeling human again.  I don&#039;t like the side effects too much, but mitigate them by taking potassium (orange in the a.m. and banana in p.m., sometimes a 99 mg supplement).  I also eat yogurt with extra acidophillus in the evening and take calcium/magnesium/Vitamin D before bedtime to prevent cramping. That along with potassium prevents cramping. "
"I&#039;m halfway into my second month. I&#039;ve been on my period for more than 2 weeks. My acne is horrible now. Worse than ever. I hate this pill. It does keep me from getting pregnant, but that&#039;s not what I wanted completely. I have endometriosis and acne prone skin. My gyno told me it&#039;d help, but it totally hasn&#039;t. Can&#039;t wait to get something different."
"First - diagnosis is mild ADHD. 11 years old. 50mg. Our experience with my son and vyvanse. He was on this medication for approximately 9 months. For the first few weeks, he was sort of hyperfocused and had difficulty with transitioning from a task if he was fixated on it. He transitioned well to middle school and achieved great grades. However, he lost a lot of weight. About 15lbs. He had horrible insomnia. He slowly became very emotional and depressed in the afternoons and evenings. We decided to stop the medication. Within weeks he was back to himself and his doctor advised him to stay off the medication."
"I have used monistat 1 several times. Sometimes I have no burning and other times (one time in particular) I have such severe burning that I cannot sleep through the night. I continue to use monistat 1 because it WORKS 100% of the time. The time that I had the worst pain, I had let the YI go on for a while with no treatment and was very inflamed by the time I used monistat. I thought this was why I had such an adverse reaction, but I have also treated an oncoming an infection immediately and I still had moderate burning (but not severe). I would still recommend this product to most people, but I recommend taking it just before going to bed and falling asleep before the full burning hits (about 2 hours after insertion)."
"I cannot say enough positive about this medication.  I started the end of March 2016, now 42 weeks in I am at 112lbs down.  I work closely with my physician with monitoring my weight and diet.  I followed all the precautions with the medication.  Eliminating fat from my diet completely.  Working out, etc.  I knew it would not be a quick fix and with this med you get what you put into it.  No serious side effects in the beginning, some tiredness and nausea.  But that is going to happen ANYTIME you start a new medication and your system gets used to it.  I also quit smoking after 20 yrs day 1 on this medication.  
This med it not for people looking for a quick fix, if you do not have the determination and commitment it will not work for you."
"Seratonin SYNDROME!!! I 
I take an antidepressant Cymbalta 60 mg, Trazodone 50 mg, gabapentin up to 900mg because I have CRPS and literally cannot walk due to a surfing accident that almost paralyzed me 10 years ago.
DO NOT TAKE THIS MED IF YOU&#039;RE ON  any kind of antidepressant!!! It will cause  you to start shaking your heart pounds you&#039;re dizzy sick and you could actually die from this! This med does nothing for my PAIN!  If you do take it with an antidepressant make sure you have a Narcan kit !!
God bless us who depend on these doctors!!"
"don&#039;t let the internet scare you. obviously most people who write reviews are unhappy with the medication. happy people are so much less likely to take time to write. ive been doing really well with the nuvaring I am so happy to not take a pill every day and I don&#039;t have to worry about pregnancy. at the beginning I had some nausea and dizziness this lasted about 2 days. other than that pretty much smooth sailing. im in the second month now and have experienced some breakthrough bleeding on and off but that&#039;s to be expected and its more annoying than it is actually troubling. no weight gain, actually I have lost about 2 pounds, not sure if there is any relation there. for the most part I forget I have it in."
"Price gouging"
"I have taken the shot in the past and had bad side effects but I decided to try it again. I had my daughter in Nov. and it is now Jan. and I have not stop bleeding. I see other people have had side effects of bleeding, tiredness, mood swings, and depression. I am having all these side effects. I am due for my next shot Feb. 1st which I will not be getting. Not a fun life when you are experiencing these side effects."
"I have been on Humira since January and my pain is worse, especially in my upper extremities. I was told at the time I started Humira that my Thyroid levels were too low (Hashimoto disease). The doctor upped thyroid meds at that time I am wondering if perhaps that is playing a roll in my RA not improving. It is hard to be patient when in pain."
"For me Dexedrine helped get tasks done. I currently 22 year old male. I can focus tremendously in university. Also have a huge increase in libido with my girlfriend so overall can say it&#039;s working for me."
"&quot;I have been using ziana for about 6-7 months and it has made my acne better but it makes my face EXTREMLY oily and peely at the same time, but the first 2 months I guess I was better off without ziana, but after that it slowly got better, at the moment my skin still isn&#039;t clear but it&#039;s gotten better.&quot;"
"The product works great but the past 2 times I have bought it the click spray button only works when it want&#039;s to. Sometimes I can&#039;t get it to spray at all, like it&#039;s stuck.   "
"I was on 3 different medications before Zegerid.  They would work for a day or so then all my symptoms would come back.  Finally my doctor gave me Zeg to try out and I haven&#039;t had any symptoms since."
"I agree this drug works very well BUT make sure you continue to read the possible side effects every so often so you can continually monitor yourself for them, EVEN the rare but documented ones.  My 16 year old daugther developed pseudotumor cerebri from taking minocycline for acne which disappeared after stopping the medication and then she started accutane - 5 months now. An eye exam today showed the same thing is happening.  Swelling of the brain that mimics a brain tumor.  HAVE YOUR EYE EXAMS WHILE ON THIS MEDICINE - PAY ATTENTION TO HEADACHES. It is a rare but documented side affect of both medications.  Will show up in an eye exam but diagnosis takes other tests including MRI and lumbar puncture to measure the spinal fluid pressure."
"So I will start by saying that I read these reviews days before getting my IUD inserted and after reading some I was terrified. I thought it was going to be the worst pain in my entire life. I went in to the doctor&#039;s terrified with a list of questions &amp;an Ibuprofen 800 in my system. My doctor is great so she calmed me down and answered everything. Before I knew it I was done &amp; good to go. It was one of the easiest things I have ever had done and the worst pain (just an uncomfortable cramp) was when she used the tool to hold my cervix in place, the IUD itself was nothing after that pinch. I know everyone is different but figured I&#039;d let others know that it&#039;s not that bad for everyone and I&#039;m so thankful I got it."
"A friend of mine mentioned that this product will cost dependency. Even with that in mind my symptoms still led me to purchase it nonetheless. The good news is I&#039;m not addicted to it nor dependent upon it, because I can&#039;t open it. This is the first and last time I will buy this product, whether they change the cap mechanism or not."
"I was on Elavil for many years to help ward off migraines and it did great. Then my neurosurgeon prescribed ultram and I had a tachycardia incident. I am very sad that I can not be on Elavil. I used to take 10mg at bedtime and it was helpful."
"I took Elmiron for 8-10 years. Initially, and for several years, it did not cause any negative side effects. However, after taking it for about 5 or so years, I started to have symptoms of colitis/Crohn&#039;s. A colonoscopy discovered multiple spots where the lining of the colon was ulcerated. So I was treated for a bowel disease for 6 YEARS. The doctor wanted to put me on something stronger, but I wasn&#039;t eager for that. I remember that Elmiron could cause diarrhea as an initial side effect. I hadn&#039;t had that problem, but I decided to stop taking the medicine. Within TWO WEEKS, all of my gastrointestinal problems went away. My most recent colonoscopy showed that the tissue had returned to normal. Be aware of late side effects."
"I do not understand why doctors, frequently, prescribe Keflex for bladder or urinary tract infections, considering how many side effects it creates. Why not just plain, old Amoxicillin? 

I, all too frequently, get an U.T.I. Usually it is a very mild infection.

When I use it, I get muscle pain, back pain, anxiety, and agitation.

There must be a gentler, kinder, and safer antibiotic to be used to kill bacteria. I wish I knew the name of one. I would, then, ask my doctor or an ER doctor to prescribe it for me.

I am tired of doctors telling me it is the best antibiotic to use for an U.T.I. It makes me sick! "
"This is so far the only medication that helps a lot with my condition. Unfortunately I cannot take it for long periods of time."
"Prescribed this after recurrent UTI. I am very prone to them and if you are too try to listen to your body and know your triggers. I know it sucks to not be able to drink soda, or having to jump up after sex to pee but it&#039;s well worth it in the long run. 
Macrobid like sulpha and cipro make me feel uneasy but there&#039;s no getting around that but I would rather feel a little uneasy then peeing what feels like fire and sitting on the toilet for hours crying thinking how unfair it is to be born with a short urethra. 
I&#039;m shocked how many people would rather have a UTI than the uneasiness of an antibiotic. Not for me. Obviously my symptoms of painful urinating makes it so worth just a little   tummy ache to feel better.
Take with food. Take all reviews with a grain of salt."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost a year now. It&#039;s the first BC I&#039;ve ever tried. Didn&#039;t have any problems until lately, mainly just nausea and sore breasts. One thing I&#039;ve noticed is that it makes my PMS really bad. I&#039;ve never gotten bad mood swings before, but I have been lately. I&#039;ve forgotten once or twice, and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so it&#039;s definitely working. The side effects are catching up to me though."
"Had much more pain in joints than the any other treatment including methotrexate, Humara, and for a couple years of nothing but Tylenol and Advil. Week 8 and going back to Humara."
"I have Fibromyalgia and degenerative disc disease and acute arthritis. My doctor keeps trying to get me off Soma but I&#039;ve tried practically everything and I always wind up right back on the Soma because it really helps with the fibromyalgia. I&#039;m glad that I know that this drug does work. "
"Useless. I am a 30 yr old owner, and executive chef of 2 restaurants.  Diagnosed and medicated. Took it last night at 10 and thought i took it wrong seeing as how i was up at 4am still. Round 2 tonight  10 pm, aaaand now its 12:41am.  Not much more to look at on my ceiling. I will be requesting a switch tomorrow."
"Have had serious UTI infections for almost ten years now. Cipro works great  to get rid of them. But I have been prescribed it so much that I am immune to it. I have also developed a bad neuropathy in my left leg and foot that goes into my toes and hurts really bad. Started about three years ago after years of Cipro use. I read there is a lawsuit going on for Cipro and another antibiotic that I have taken for this reason, but I have not joined in the lawsuit. Use this drug with extreme caution and not for long periods of time."
"I have nerve damage in my arms,&#039;can&#039;t use them without fatigue. I have tried everything for the pain, nothing works well. Except for lyrica. I take 150mg twice a day and now the pain is so manageable that I get my life back. 
If you have really bad nerve pain that makes you feel depressed and debilitated give the medication a go! I have had a few side effects like memory fog but the pain relief is worth it!"
"Best medicine I&#039;ve been on !!!! Focused,low anxiety,sleeping well no night terrors ."
"The new lidoderm patches from Mylan are not effective because they do not stay on, and they do not let my skin underneath breathe.and they want to stick to themselves which make them ineffective. I will not use them ever again. The Qualitest lidoderm patches work wonderfully. The Mylan do not work in all fields. It needs alot of work."
"Cymbalta has been very effective for me. I was prescribed a different antidepressant that soon proved ineffective for my depression.  I take 60 mg Cymbalta per day and have not suffered any side effects accept lack of libido.  I have found ways to lessen those effects.  Before this drug, I really thought I was losing my mind and I could not function on a daily basis.  I never understood depression but I do now. This medicine has been a blessing for me."
"LADIES!! Please do not take to heart everything you read online of other people&#039;s experiences. I am a 20 year old who has been on Yaz for the past 4 years and have never been pregnant. I went in today to have Skyla inserted at a local planned parenthood and I could not have been more nervous due to the terrible insertion stories that I had read online. When the doctor did the actual procedure it did not hurt AT ALL. I have had very minor cramping for the rest of the day but nothing significant and I only took 2 aleve tabs an hour prior to insertion. I also had the procedure not during menstruation and still had barely any pain! Please be aware that the experience is different for everyone and to not worry too much before going in!"
"26-uk-So the reason I gave 5 is cause I&#039;m currently taking the 1st L. Disgusting, since 7pm I haven&#039;t managed to finish the last 4 glasses as I would just wanna throw up and I really need this medicine to work as I have got a colonoscopy tomorrow.  Two months ago I was hospitalized for diverticulitis, so now I really need to get passed this examination, until 9pm I managed to drink almost everything, but didn&#039;t have any movement, I thought the solution wouldn&#039;t work.  Then at 10pm when it hit me ! Still didn&#039;t finish to go toilet and like the others said its literally like peeing out of your bum. No unbearable cramps though."
"It has definitely helped with depression and anxiety. But the withdrawal effects are horrible. If I forget to take a dose, I wake up SO groggy and out of it. I have these electric-like pains through my body, my vision becomes wavy, and I get a migraine."
"HI team 
I use it for phantom pain below knee   and it stops 
all pain at night time  and at day time"
"I&#039;m on Suboxone and Valium everyday because I have a bad back and I didn&#039;t want to be on my Oxycontin, Morphine Patches, and a few medicines. And I have been on Suboxone for about 3 years now. But the surgery that I&#039;m having is not a option at this time. I have to have it so I&#039;m glad that I can take this and not feel sick or have any side effects that are bad. I&#039;m on the 100mg tablets for two weeks my doctor said that he is going to up the dose after the surgery and put me on something else to. Then I go right back on my Suboxone Plan. So if you are like me and you are on Suboxone this is a good medicine to be on for pain if you are having surgery that&#039;s why I&#039;m giving it a 10 out of 10. I hope this was helpful in a way!"
"I cannot even begin to explain how much this medicine has helped me with my depression/anxiety! The only thing I regret is being stubborn and not take it 3 years earlier! "
"We couldn&#039;t be more pleased with this medication.  My 9 year old son was previously on Concerta and Metadate CD.  Although those medications were effective, Vyvanse has greatly out performed both.  The most significant side effect has been lack of appetite.  We encourage a late meal so that he can make up for what he has missed throughout the day.  His weight seems to be holding steady following an initial weight loss of 6 pounds.  This is a medication worth trying!"
"The worst weight loss pill did not lose a pound but sure gained... I had been with a different doctor had to switch not happy about doing so and new doctor would not renew the pill I was taking insisted I take BELVIQ not only did I have to jump through hoops to get, I also had to pay out of pocket $100 for and gained weight . Even thought I was over weight I have still been walking but still put on 10lbs of what I had lost on other drug. I craved food it was horrible so now what for me find New doctor that will work with me and give me something that will help. I&#039;m not looking to loose over night I just need a little help being over 50 I was told I eat to much fruit and that was a big problem for me I&#039;m not a big eater really ."
"I&#039;m glad I used this medicine.  My body was dead before I changed doctors to find the problem.  I used every vitamin to help me..mostly Vitamin B and also energy drinks. My new doctor found the problem and prescribed this medicine and now I feel like a new person. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects yet."
"The first two months of Effexor Xr 37 mg were great, I felt good. But that apparently is just the start up. The first couple days of taking it I felt an awesome  euphoria and a high like I was on cocaine.  I was a little restless,  had a hard time getting to sleep, had  diarrhea . The doctor bumped me up to 75 mg one week ago, the first day was awesome I felt like I was on cocaine again. after that first day I felt nothing  other than an overbearing fact that I wanted to get off of the shit. I feel like complete trash.  I feel emotionless but reaally down  I don&#039;t know if I can make it another week on this medication . I&#039;ve been on 4medications and none of them have help so far. This was my last hope for medication"
"I am on Belviq about 2 months now, I started at 180lbs because I got side effects from Nexium (acid reflux medication) gained more 10lbs in a month. My PCP was willing to prescribe weight loss medication. I decided to try Belviq because side effects less than Phentermine. So far I lost about 10lbs. No major side effects and occasionally I felt a dizziness, dry mouth for 1 week. My craving significantly reduce, I snack less better meals. I monitored my diets and at least exercise."
"After trying to deal with my anxiety without taking medication for the past 2 yrs I finally gave in and asked my doctor for a recommendation. She prescribed me Lexapro the 1st 2 days were a little scary (especially after reading the 20 million positive and negative reviews) I felt more anxious and on edge than ever but my search results said that would happen and my doctor had told me I would get worse before I started feeling better so I figured it was normal. After the first 2 days I got the over anxious feeling, so I started focusing on watching out for any other side effects and just getting used to it. The constant yawning the 1st few weeks was just annoying but working out helped a bit. 1 month later and things are going better."
"I had a stroke (Lacunar Infarct left side of pons area ) and was placed on Eliquis 5 mg twice per day.  I began itching head to toe since April 2017.  I looked up the side effects tonight and found this site.  I am stopping this medication starting tonight!  I can&rsquo;t wait  to stop ITCHING!! My skin feels like sandpaper.  I feel like I have been wearing a wool body suit.  Inside my ear canals are itching. I thought my stroke brought on cataracts-  no this drug did.  I am also suffering from insomnia and what do you know, it&rsquo;s from this drug.  Restless leg syndrome, confusion, I can go on and on.  I&rsquo;m stopping this drug now and will let my doc know.  I do thank Eliquis for giving me the coupon to purchase this drug for $10.00/mo.  But so sorry it is not for me."
"This medication has been doing a good job at clearing up my right ear after just a few days. Keep in mind that I also have a perforation in my ear drum as well, although it has been there even before I developed this infection. 

Anyhow, I was recently diagnosed with a right middle ear infection last week and was prescribed this along with Augmentin 875 MG. However, I have been taking a 500 MG Glutathione antioxidant supplement along with this medication considering the fact that this medication carries an ototoxic risk."
"By far, the worst experience I&#039;ve had with any medicine. I almost called an ambulance, no exaggeration. I&#039;ve never used a product like this before and chose it based on the package implying that you take it, it works overnight, and produces a normal BM the next day. Um, no...I woke up about 2AM confused, sweating, cramping, and could barely stand. I essentially crawled to the toilet and, once there, kept nearly blacking out and gagging. I was clammy and pale, irregular heartbeat, shaking, extremely weak - What literally stopped me from calling 911 was that I didn&#039;t bring my phone into the bathroom and after I violently eliminated for a few mins, I started feeling less like I was dying. Can&#039;t emphasize enough, this stuff is so effing awful."
"I am 18 and experienced my first yeast infection a few days ago. I read the reviews here after I had already used the Monistat 1 and was terrified. Luckily, I have had great results. After 3 days of YI symptoms, I used Monistat 1 around midnight last night. I did experience some itching during the night but it was totally manageable. I did not experience the intense burning/itching that others described despite having sensitive skin. My skin was somewhat raw but not terrible before using the medication which may have helped. The next morning everything felt completely back to normal (besides discharge which Monistat does say is normal) and the swelling has gone down almost entirely. Only some discharge 20 hours later. Really worked for me!"
"I&#039;ve had severe panic attacks while primarily driving on interstate highways and through mountains for 30 plus years. I rarely have attacks driving on most other types of roads and conditions.  I&#039;ve been on Paxil for 5 years now and it is truly a life saver for me.  I choose however, and contrary to most advice, not to be on it all the time as it does numb the senses.  

Twice yearly I drive from Florida to Indiana and choose to take 20 mg/day for one month prior to my trip and 40 mg/day a couple of days prior to my trip.  For the most part I can drive successfully with no attacks.  Occasionally I will still have what I call a &quot;break through&quot;- sort of a rush sensation but not as severe as a panic attack.  I have no problems coming off it."
"Second time trying this pill first time was awesome no periods at all but this time around (2 years later)  I&#039;m having breakthrough bleeding and I&#039;m noticing I&#039;m more moody than usual. I&#039;m going to finish my pack off, I don&#039;t like it so then I&#039;m going to try something different"
"I&#039;ve taken Neurontin for many years now and I know without it I wouldn&#039;t be able to walk.  I know this because I tried not taking it and after 18 hours I was climbing the walls and I was in horrible pain. I&#039;m not exaggerating either.  I&#039;ve tried Lyrica and it didn&#039;t help at all. I&#039;m still in a lot of pain but I know without it the pain would be a lot worse.  I do have a few side effects with it, some confusion and loss of words at times, but I&#039;d rather live with the side effects than the pain I&#039;d have without it."
"Steroids whether injected or oral caused my fibromyalgia to be more painful. I experienced horrible pain from my hips down to my legs for 2+ days after having prednisone oral or IM/subarachnoid steroids."
"I&#039;ve been on cinacalcet for five years, two while on dialysis (I was on dialysis for five and a half years) and three post-kidney transplant. While it does reduce my blood calcium levels, my biggest complaint is tiredness, especially right after I take it, which is with food at dinner. I was once at 90 mg a day, now down to 60 mg, and hoping to reduce to 30 mg because of the terrible tiredness. By the way, post-transplant I&#039;ve been able to eat high levels of calcium and phosphorous (dairy, nuts, sardines etc) and that has enabled me to be able to lower the amount of cinacalcet I take by signalling to the parathyroid that I have adequate amounts of calcium in my blood. "
"Miracle. I have been on 6 different medications over a 10 year period since I was 17 and nothing seemed to be working.  My family doctor was no longer capable of helping me and I was referred to a psychiatrist.  He immediately recognized my symptoms, put me on Lamictal, and I feel like a new man.  The suicidal thoughts, the racing, the lack of sleep...all of it reduced down to almost nothing.  I still have anxiety at times, but I take a Xanax every now and then to just help me calm down.  But overall, my quality of life has improved by 99%.  I do, much to my embarrassment, seem to have erectile dysfunction.  It is not that I have a problem getting an erection, but it seems to be a self confidence issue. "
"I have been on this birth control for 7 years and do not have complaints. I never experienced negative side effects and did not gain any weight. Before going on this birth control my periods were irregular and had been for 6 years. I can pretty much predict the hour I will get my period each month. My periods only last 2-4 days now and are very light. The only &quot;problem&quot; I have had is over the past few years I have skipped a few periods (about 3 or 4 a year). I talked to my OBGYN and he said that is nothing to worry about. Overall, I think it&#039;s a great birth control."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lamictal as a mood stabilizer and a foundation to treat my depression. Found it was insufficient on its own so doctor started me on 40mg of Latuda. It worked very well but I just felt &quot;ok&quot; and it was quite expensive. Tried to switch to Abilify but the restlessness was intolerable and the therapeutic effect wasn&#039;t nearly as palpable. Switched back to Latuda at 60mg and don&#039;t think I&#039;ll ever look back. Tried Zoloft, Celexa, Wellbutrin, Pristiq, Effexor, and Cymbalta also."
"I am updating my previous review from 1/19/2017. I have now up to the full dose of Contrave
(2  morning, 2  night). I have never experienced ANY stomach upset, ANY headache, or any other listed side effect except I noticed on the first day when I up my dose I am extremely fatigued but was fine within 24 hours. I&#039;ve quit craving an evening cocktail, sugar, and fast food and I stop eating when I&#039;m full rather than stuffed. The 4-pill regimen has only been for about a week but I can certainly tell a difference. I will post an update when I notice any changes."
"Provigil has given me my life back!  I have been on 200mg twice a day and the results are great!  When I quit teaching and went on my husband&#039;s insurance, the insurance company refused to pay for two times a day, so my doctor put me on Nuvigil.  I was on it for 6 weeks and I was always tired.  I am moving back to Provigil. "
"I took Chantix for 5 weeks about a year ago. I loved it at first; it helped so much with the cravings. I had to stop taking it due to the debilitating headaches it caused. The real problem is the headaches didn&#039;t stop when I stopped the Chantix. I&#039;m still seeing a neurologist for daily headaches that present with both migraine and tension symptoms. I&#039;m sure I&#039;m in the minority, but it was most definitely not worth it."
"2 day on med &amp; I can breathe again. Very happy."
"I have been using abreva for four days. The second day I noticed it was getting better. Today on the fourth day I noticed that smaller bumps around my cold sore are starting to form. It made my cold sores smaller but now I have to deal with what it caused. Very disappointed because having a cold sore isn&#039;t pretty. Just when I thought it was getting better, something else pops up. It was very expensive so I was really looking forward to a better  experience."
"I have been taking Alli for about 3 weeks now. I didn&#039;t have any side effects, but then again I had been eating foods with very little fat in it. I wanted to put Alli to the test so I ate some lasagna, which has a lot of fat content. After I ate that my bowl movements did contain a bunch of oil. So does it work - absolutely."
"I was on 200 mcg of Fentanyl Patchs, and 100mg of MS Contin 3 times a day and 30mgs of MSIR (instant release morphine) 3 times a day for almost 7 years for these horrible migraines I have constantly. These medicines were not helping anymore after being on them for so long. About 6 months ago I changed doctors who switched me to Opana ER. I am taking 80mgs every 12 hours along with 600mcg Fentora 3 times a day for breakthrough pain. I have not had any side effects from the Opana at all which is wonderful and I can function daily and not be laid up in bed constantly. I would definitely recommend Opana ER but just think about something for breakthrough pain in case it is needed."
"My doctor prescribed Fioricet as a first-line treatment for my headaches.  (I&#039;m still not sure whether they&#039;re migraines, tension headaches or something else but they always happen during my period).  

Fioricet definitely works, albeit with some side effects.  I react poorly to sedative drugs like butalbital in that I get awful rebound anxiety/depression after only a couple doses.  All the more reason to use this medication sparingly.  There&#039;s a definite euphoric effect that lends itself to abuse.  The combo of caffeine + a sedative is a strange one, but it works when all OTC stuff has failed.  I much prefer it over something like Topamax."
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave for a month and have lost a little over four pounds. I&#039;m happy with that, considering it&#039;s the first time I&#039;ve ever LOST weight during the holidays. I do get more migraines than usual, but I take Imitrex for them. I&#039;ve noticed I have way less of an appetite in the evening, as opposed to the daytime. Overall, I&#039;m excited about how the next few months are going to go!"
"Lowers cholestorol but I have the oddest side effect - I call it itchy feet. In the bottoms only and nothing stops the itchy feeling, except Neurontin. It&#039;s an internal nerve itch, not external. I was scratching on concrete, anything to make it stop."
"I started this about a year ago and have had 0 side effects, which I am so thankful for. Finding the right pill is just doing a trial and error for each one. I had severe heavy periods and major acne but everything went away within a couple months."
"I&#039;m happy to see that Chantix helped ppl. We all know cigarettes are not healthy, tax your breathing, make you a social pariah, etc., And then there&#039;s the ridiculous cost. Which is why I wanted to stop; for all the reasons listed above.
I knew, from the commercial, this could make me depressed and suicidal. I thought it was the common disclaimer to avoid liability if I decide to stop smoking but jump off a bridge.  Which is where I was pretty quickly into it. 
I felt like a zombie, was ridiculously tired. No matter how much sleep I got, was tired. And sad. 
Cigarettes lost their appeal. As did everything else. I was/am extremely congested, sad, &quot;lost,&quot; hopeless. My teeth hurt. !? I also had strange smells.
Good news- stopping abruptly is OK"
"I went on a course of 20mg per day for about 2 years, basically on advice from duty nurse. This was after telling her of mild anxiety, low energy and low moods. After about 4/6 weeks my general mood/positive feeling and energy levels were enhanced. After approximataly 2 years the effects wore off totally.  It is now 15 months since I stopped, I am now about to restart, hopefully to get those positive moods back."
"With in a period of 4 years I have had 2 mirena inserted.  First insert was definitely as painful as a full contraction.
The benefits I received by the mirena was:
My skin condition  has calmed,  severe cramping had lessened,  bleeding wasn&#039;t as heavy.
After stating this shortly after the first insert I became ill was was diagnosed with a auto immune disease and sero negative rheumatoid arthritis. 
Even though there is no study or theory base evidence to suggest that the mirena had any cause to kick off this condition,  I strongly personally believe that my body&#039;s response to both insertion of the mirenas has it tricked into my immune system trying to reject the mirena being a foreign object inside my body. 
I currently can&#039;t take it out"
"Helped to put my IBS-D to where I wasn&#039;t running to the bathroom every 15 minutes."
"Aleve helped with pain.
Took 1 pilll after dinner but had bad side effects.
Stomach pain really sharp, bloating, diarrhea, my intestines were making noises , runny bloody stools.
Pain was unbearable.
No more Aleve for me."
"I&#039;m not completely sure if my experience is from the pill or possible pregnancy. I&#039;ve been on sprintec to 2.5 weeks, I took a pregnancy test and that was negative. But still freaked out over the possibility due to the symptoms. Mine include: nausea, increase appetite, and definite mood swings. I did however start this bc 2 weeks after my cycle so that hasn&#039;t came on because of it. Idk"
"Works great for my migraines when taken at the first sign of a migraine. Fast and extremely effective!!"
"I started using Epiduo about a week ago. I did not have severe acne but I was very embarrassed of my breakouts. I tried other medications that did not work for me so I was skeptical about trying Epiduo. Within 4 days my skin began to clear up. I did not experience any negative side effects nor did it burn my skin like it does in some patients. I would recommend Epiduo to anyone with mild acne who wants a clear face. Epiduo gave me confidence to go out of my house without make up and without being embarrassed I LOVE it!"
"I was a long time advocate of this med (250/50) - as it was the only thing that prevented asthma issues deteriorating into pneumonia.  Had to use only from October to January - and then asthma would subside.

Grabbed the med the other day and with first inhale lips, mouth, and tongue immediately began to tingle and swell.  Raced to the sink and rinse out with sprayer, hoping the same thing wasn&#039;t going to happen in throat / lungs."
"Easy to use, easy to remove. I did notice breast tenderness when using the NuvaRing. My period has gone from 5 days to 3 days with a substantial decrease in cramp pain."
"I&#039;ve been on Lutera for 6 weeks now. Only con is acne which is very mild. I&#039;m 5&#039;8 &amp; 117 lbs. I&#039;ve gained 7 pounds so far which I love since I have a fast metabolism. My breast grew also. I love Lutera so far. I&#039;m looking and feeling great."
"Works great for irritable bowel syndrome! I am so comfortable at work only down side it is expensive."
"I did a lot of research and asked my doctor to put me on Loestrin, being that it had a lower estrogen dosage. I started taking it before I went to bed every night, as instructed by my doctor, so as to sleep off some of the initial side effects. I had some small headaches week 1, but other than that I&#039;ve loved this medication! The only issue was that I had some mild spotting about a week before my placebo pills for the first two packs. Lighter shorter periods, smoother skin, and NO CRAMPS! Love this pill. "
"I have been using this for 1 week with an antibiotic called Solodyn (Minocycline). I have light acne but my biggest problem was painful hormonal cysts on my chin and this did not leave me dry like Retin-A did. I had noticeable results in just 1 week! With any skin issue I know that results don&#039;t happen overnight but I am so happy with this product that I had to review it!"
"I started taking it about 6 weeks ago for sarcoma.  The only trouble I have had with it has been some gastro discomfort.  But I was taking it first thing in the morning on a totally empty stomach.  Now I eat breakfast and take it two hours later.  Then eat some yogurt an hour later and so far all the stomach pain is gone.  I do have some food allergies and a slight case of irritable bowel syndrome so I was not really surprised when I had the stomach pain.
I have a CT 2/13/13 to see if the tumors are continuing to stay shrunk.  But I feel fine.
"
"It was efficient to have no anxiety. 

Except 2 weeks before my final exams, I&quot;froze&quot; = I had anxiety attacks.
The big side effect was that it was extremely difficult to reach an orgasm / ejaculation + I lost more than 50 % of sex pleasure. Not good for couple life. Also I sweat A LOT during the night + big traumatizing nightmares if you forget your pills +  I think I did sleep apnea + sleep paralysis. All those things at 75 mg. An other bad effect was that I became over confident / maniac.

Also better to use Effexor than generics. The real brand seemed better for me"
"Clean-out went much better than expected. Taste was better than I feared. If you like to drink water, like I do, it was no big deal. I swallowed 80 oz in half an hour."
"I&#039;m 39, and have been a smoker for 20 years.  I&#039;ll be 40 in March, and that was always a hard stop for me.  I mean, if I didn&#039;t quit by 40, when would I ever?  Quitting was tough for me.  I would be very cranky, lethargic, pi**ssed off, and would nic fit.  I always wanted to stop, but in my heart of hearts, never 100%.  This time I wanted to quit 100% and be done forever, and man did Chantix come through.  I smoked for 12 days while taking Chantix, and it&#039;s not that it made me stop.  I noticed the gross cig smell more on my hands and shirts, but that was about it.  The HUGE difference for me was that when I did stop, my mood was basically the same.  What a miracle.  No nic fitting, no more tired, just me feeling great and empowered."
"Taking Pristiq for severe panic attacks as prescribed by my GP. 6th day into it and already feeling much more calm and clear headed. Some nausea and a little constipation, but please - if that is the trade off to feel much better - than so be it. Not planning on a long-term relationship with Pristiq, however. Using this in conjunction with therapy so I can have some relief while I work through finding the real emotional root of my problems. Pristiq is only a band-aid while I try to heal whatever wounds. Give Pristiq a try, everyone reacts differently, but it has truly been amazing for me so far. Good luck to you, all."
"Took this with zoloft to get me out of a black hole of anxiety and insomnia after a terrible few weeks trying remeron.  Withdrawals from remeron were terrible and I didn&#039;t sleep for about 6 days  (I&#039;m not exagerating).  Was about to give up but my dad convinced me to try another med since I had an obvious chemical imbalance that wasn&#039;t correcting itself.  Despite not wanting to rely on a benzo for sleep I really didn&#039;t have any alternatives and I needed help fast.  Zoloft combined with this for a few months got me out of the hole I was in.  Tolerance did set in eventually (about a year) but I&#039;m working on finding something safer but this med essentially saved my life."
"The side effects were strong for me but it was worth it. I quit 5 years ago and have never slipped up."
"I began talking Adderall about 3 months ago, I was scared to say the least. Many people I talked to advised against taken the ADD meds, instead suggesting naturopathic (?) meds. I wouldn&#039;t know where to start! I have suffered from depression since I can remember, started taking meds for that in my early 20s. Looking back at my life as a child into my teens and adult years, there was no doubt in my mind that I also had ADHD. Now 20 years later, I realized it was time to do something about it. Dr started me off at 5mg, then 10mg, up to 20mg now. It&#039;s amazing how this stuff works, I can ACTUALLY concentrate AND complete something!! The only complaint I have is that I am a little (more) spacey, could be because I&#039;m a mother of 3 though!!! "
"I am 22 years old and I have always had sweating issues in conditions that did not call for it. Recently it has gotten very bad. Cant make it through a workday of retail without a 6 inch diameter sweat stain. I have had a series of interviews for an internship and the combination of nervousness and hyperhidrosis = catastrophic amounts of sweat and pit stains. This is what really motivated me to seek help. 

Tried it last night, didn&#039;t notice much irritation at all. Used a tiny amount and My doctor also recommended putting on a thin layer of moisturizing girl deodorant to help with irritation. Today I am sweat free so far. I will update after a few days."
"I took this medication for a parasite called blastocystis hominis. I have a metal taste in my mouth and feel nausea and anxiety. Also my pelvis hurts and I feel my chest feels tight at times."
"My 5 year old daughter was diagnosed with the flu (H1N1, but they did not verify officially due to the number of cases in the area) and went from a fever of 104F, chills, body aches, sore throat, etc to almost completely back to normal with no sign of fever after 2 doses (24 hours). She has had no ill side effects and I couldn&#039;t be more relieved to see her healthy again. I highly recommend this medication!"
"Effexor Saved Me After Many Failed Medicines.  

Current Med Combo- Effexor 75 mg, Lamictal 200 mg, Abilify 5 mg

It saved me from wasting anymore time locked up in my house 24/7 and avoiding conversations, knocks at the door, people, telephone calls, and anything else involving socializing. 

I FINALLY LEAVE MY HOUSE. WILLINGLY and REGULARLY. Daily.  I NO LONGER FEAR APPLYING FOR JOBS. I NO LONGER FEAR THE POSSIBILITY OF HAVING A JOB because I would have to deal with people. I am willing and eager to go out with friends, family, acquaintances, meet new people. 

SIDE EFFECTS- Only Nightmares, which eventually become less and less and then go away after 2 months. Maybe a little unpleasant at first. Definitely bearable.

It&#039;s not bad for everyone."
"I had my implant inserted in December 2014 and am now seriously considering having it removed after less than a year. The first 3 months were okay, only 2 regular periods with occasional light spotting in between.  Well, that ended in a big ole hurry.  I now have constant, heavy spotting (including during my wedding in April, yes it was so much fun to make my maid of honor hold my dress while I REPEATEDLY changed my tampon, AT. MY. WEDDING.) and my cystic bacne is out of control. I&#039;ve now been on my period for almost 2 straight months, and needless to say I&#039;m sick of it.  I&#039;ve also gained 15ish pounds.  We don&#039;t want kids yet so it&#039;s great that it works for pregnancy prevention, but I&#039;m not sure it&#039;s worth all the extra side effects."
"I was diagnosed with Crohn&#039;s in 2016.  I had shown no symptoms, but it showed in a routine colonoscopy.  Humira was the first medication I tried.  It suppresses your immune system and within a few months I had developed a melanoma.  Then another.  Time to try another med ..."
"I was diagnosed with epilepsy when I was 13 due to my cerebral palsy I had been taking zonegran since then I had weaned myself off of my medication when I got pregnant and had been seizure free for almost 7 years I recently had a relapse and began seeing a different neurologist she put me on keppra THE WORST three months of my life my moods would go from 0-60 in a matter of seconds and for no valid reason I had trouble remembering things even troubling with communication it&rsquo;s true I also began to have suicidal thoughts and became to much to handle even for myself I would randomly cry then get angry I recently was referred to another neourologist who asked me about these symptoms and then it clicked I DO NOT recommend this medication to anyone"
"I took this for 4 months. It gave me awful almost dangerous constipation . I felt dumb most of the time. I was never sad nor happy. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this unless nothing else worked."
"I can&#039;t rate it yet but I gave it a 5 because it&#039;s been about 5 days. I&#039;ve noticed a calm relax feeling.   Normally after I exercise, I still have energy. Since I&#039;ve started to take it,  I&#039;ve noticed a good calm relax tired feeling.  Not a drowsy tired, which is good.  Also,  I&#039;m noticing an attitude switch for the good.  As for weight gain,  nothing yet and I hope it stays that way.  I&#039;m eating much better and exercising more to balance just in case.  I definitely  feel a change for the good. Hopefully this is a fix until I can do it off medicine.  If not,  it is what it is. I&#039;ll keep an open mind.

Let me know if anyone has anything different."
"I was using Ortho evera for over 10 years and loved it, then was told I needed to switch to zulane because planned parenthood no longer carries ortho evera. Its been only 2 months and I already have spotting issues on weeks I&#039;m not supposed to bleed. I&#039;m seeing a lot of girls having trouble with the patch falling off. Let me give some good advice that has helped me. When you shower, when its time to condition your hair, put in the conditioner and then put your hair up in a clip so  the water doesn&#039;t fall onto the patch. Rinse conditioner out on the opposite side of the patch on your back, as the steam, hot water, and conditioner WILL loosen the adhesive, causing it to fall off."
"I am writing this review for the sake of all women who are iffy on this product. I was apprehensive to skyla ONLY because of what I read online. Despite my doctor assuring me this was the best option for me, I still was not 100% on skyla. I am one month post-insertion and I am so happy I decided to go with Skyla. I am 19 years old, and I have struggled with birth control since it was present in my life. I cannot be on the combined pill due to the migraines with aura (visual changes) I get and I struggle with acne so the POP pill is not for me. I decided to go with skyla and I&#039;m very pleased. Insertion (for me) was a bad cramp that lasted no more than 5 seconds. Spotting/cramps continued for about a month after but now I&#039;m good."
"It made my &quot;down side&quot; not go as deep, but I felt like I could not leave the house - I didn&#039;t want to.  No visitors - didn&#039;t want any. Since I&#039;m a very social person my friends and family were concerned. My &quot;up side was better - I wasn&#039;t POed all the time and the thought racing slowed way down. Not the best experience, but better than the whole trip down the rabbit hole it would have been."
"Approximately twenty years ago, I was taken by ambulance twice and once by car to ER where they gave me something that calmed me.  It was similar to a seizure. Nothing ever triggered these attacks.  It just came upon me very fast. I was enjoying my career and life; I&#039;m very social.  My doctor finally sent me to a Psychologist and he diagnosed me with panic attacks. There was a name for this!!  I was prescribed something similar to Klonopin and when Klonopin came on the market, he prescribed 0.5mg twice a day.  I have had no adverse side effects, only positive.  I have never had another panic attack and do not plan to ever stop taking Klonopin. I am the same person I was and live life to the fullest in a new phase of &#039;early retirement&#039;!!"
"i was extremely excited about qsymia 3.5 for 14 days.. Lost 5.5 lbs. however..it took 3 months took get my dr. Nurse to do her job &amp; get me qualified.. To move to the next dose of 7.5mg. &amp; it is awful even though it&#039;s been only 6 days I am sleeping a lot,, eating less, but also found out I am type 2 diabetic therefore I need to be a wake to fix my meal,,, I am going to wait 2 more weeks for Ned&#039;s to get in my system, I am getting the face tremble so I know it&#039;s going to work, my daughter has lost 60 lbs, in 3 months. &amp; her sleeping &amp; tingling effects has passed, &quot;COME ON QSYMIA summer is on the way&quot;"
"I was waiting until I had been on this for a few months to leave a review. This drug has been great (so far so good don&#039;t want to jinx myself). It does take some time to get used to and find the correct dose. Don&#039;t give up. I took a small dose at first then worried I was getting C and stopped then started then felt like I needed more...but after a few months my schedule seems to be a half of a .05 mg tablet every other day. I also go to the bathroom every third day. I was never a once a day person so every third is ok. I do keep a calendar and write down my dose taken and when I have a BM so I&#039;m not getting C or I&#039;d skip a days pill. Drink plenty of water, watch that you still aren&#039;t eating a high fat greasy diet all the time. Try it!"
"I have been on Jolessa for almost 2 months now. I love it so far. I have not experienced any bleeding or spotting yet and hopefully don&#039;t. I hope this medicine continues working for me. My head went numb after the first month for a few days which scared me but everything is back to normal. I feel so weird not having a menstrual cycle every month but I&#039;m loving it."
"My first experience was in April of 2011 with the implant Implanon. The first few months were the hardest. I was depressed for about six months &amp; had severe mood swings. I refused to take any medications such as antidepressants &amp; relied on my friends &amp; family for support. The first year I only got my period twice. Second year just one time and my third year I didn&#039;t get one. I randomly get cramps but no period. I have also randomly experienced headaches, backaches, sore nipples, brownish discharge &amp; nausea. I am sexually active with my husband. We do not use protection (condoms) and let me tell you, it is VERY effective! I am going on my second year with Nexplanon with a total of five years with this particular birth control."
"This is my first birth control ever and I really love it, I used to have a horrible period and break out very very bad. I have cleared and my period is much lighter and shorter. It seems like for this to be a persons first birth control it works fine."
"I would never recommend this form of contraception to anyone. I have never heard of a single woman (who I have known personally) who has had a good experience with the Implanon. I had it in for 7 months. I bled non-stop for the first 3 months, then did not bleed for one month and then bled again (consistently) for 3 more months. I had terrible anxiety and depression. My mood swings were horrendous and I was so uptight and moody. As soon as I got it out, within days, I felt better and my periods returned to normal (like clockwork). My husband said that I was not myself when I had the Implanon in and that having it insterted changed me into a completely different person."
"My doctor started me on this after I had crazy nerve pain due to shingles.  It works amazing for me!  When I don&#039;t take it or it&#039;s time for my dose it feels like I&#039;ve been shot in the area where my shingles were worst.  So I have nothing but great things to say about this medicine for me."
"It&#039;s a wonder drug - my daughter takes it and lost so much weight. Her headache&#039;s are gone, she feels like a million bucks."
"I have been on this birth control for over a year now after getting off the depo (horrible side effects) and thought this would make me feel better. And it did until the last 3-4 months I thought I was depressed but reading these reviews makes me realize it must be the Sprintec. I get depressed and like other reviewers mentioned &quot;emotionally numb&quot;. And my sex drive has been completely nonexistent making think something is incredibly wrong with me but it&#039;s just the birth control! I will be off this completely and will stick to condoms. I wish there was a safe birth control for women to take without the god awful side effects. Makes me feel bad for women everywhere wondering what is making them miserable."
"I have been taking Buspar and Celexa and as far as the anxiety it has helped me a lot..I was having bad heart palpitations and it&#039;s gone..no more headaches either..what I did was I started talking Celexa at night and I take Buspar 2-3 times a day. 
I can&#039;t say I&#039;m completely ok because the Celexa needs to be in your system at least 6-8 weeks before you start feeling better....I&#039;m feeling a little better. And not having Anxiety truly helps. I&#039;m still haven&#039;t been able to go to work because of how scared I am to get an anxiety attack but I&#039;m already starting to consider it. Believe me when I tell you I was on the verge of being committed...give it a chance not all our systems are the same.

Good luck"
"I recently got this birth control. My periods are normally off a little so it&#039;s hard to track them anyway. But this was different,  my period usually comes on the 2-3 week out of the month this time it came on the 4 week. That was fine Lol,  though it did put a dent in my Florida trip. However,  my period usually lasts 5 days , 7 the longest it&#039;s ever lasted. , my period has been on for 11 days so far and still is!!  The cramps have not really been painful and my bleeding has been lighter than normal,  but still!  It&#039;s summer!  I&#039;d like to enjoy it lol!  But besides this I haven&#039;t experienced any other symptoms!  So far I like it,  besides the period lol. It&#039;s Okay thou!  Better and more effective than the pill or shot!"
"I love this medicine. Made it that I didn&#039;t have to take my original Lamictal 150mg morning and night, now I just take the XR 300mg every day at lunch. "
"I am into day 4 of taking Effexor. I have been extremely nauseous, dizzy and sweaty. I can barely eat and have lost water weight. Mood is great otherwise. I am told the nausea goes away."
"I&#039;m 23 and have tried just about every ADHD medication out there. I&#039;ve been on Vyvanse for some time now and it&#039;s great! I have energy, I can focus at work and school. It lasts the entire day and then some. The only drawback is you won&#039;t eat. You&#039;ll be hungry your stomach will growl but you can&#039;t eat. Sleeping is tough because it&#039;s a stimulant so I was put on sleep meds to help. You might have a jittery feeling and increased heart rate at first. It takes about an hour or so to kick in but it&#039;s a fantastic medicine. It&#039;s also very powerful. All you gotta do is NOT take it past 2pm at absolute LATEST or you&#039;ll lie awake forever in bed. Eat prior to ingesting because you won&#039;t eat later. It&#039;s great, try it!"
"I&#039;m 43 and have been using Frova for 8 years.  My migraines have been debilitating since puberty. I know my life could have turned out so much better if I would have had Frova in my teens and twenties. I&#039;ve lost dream jobs because of migraines, I&#039;ve had to quit college because of migraines. 
I was never dependable due to having headaches. Thank God I have Frova now!!!
It truly has changed my life!!!!!"
"I took this medication for 8 weeks.  The first 2 nights I had headaches but nothing I couldn&#039;t deal with.  That is the ONLY time I could even tell I was on the medication.  There is no trace of the virus in my blood work.  This medication is FABULOUS it worked for me and I would recommend it to anyone.  There is a newer drug out now where you don&#039;t even have to go get bloodwork throughout the process.  Science is awesome."
"I was prescribed Zoloft for depression anxiety and OCD. I was excited to take it. My parents kept me on the holistic lifestyle growing up so I was ready for something to really work for me. Seeing how severe my depression and anxiety were is in my adulthood I decided to try it. 1st day I thought I knew what I was in for but once I experienced it-  it was strange it&#039;s a very strong drug. felt good initially. It was working and I felt happier like my mind was fixing itself. I noticed how dark of a place I was in. 2nd day I  started feeling the negative side effects like feeling tired and restless at the same time which is an awkward and horrible feeling and my anxiety got worse. Also dizzy and ringing ears. I may go back on it but I&#039;m checking w my dr."
"I cried for the for the first week on Buspar which for me is expected when taking a new medication. Once that week was over Buspar came to the rescue. Buspar has given me progress in my recovery and has dented that wall of fog. It has helped me purge most of my guilt and resentment and helped me notice some of my defects. I am only taking 10mg right now. And after trying a number of different anti anxiety medications I think I&#039;ve found the one. All hail Buspar. "
"I became very ill and had to go to a hospital."
"Relpax is a great migraine medicine, I have tried ibuprofen 800mg, Elavil, Maxalt, Imitrex, Midrin and countless others. Relpax stops the migraine quickly but it is ridiculously expensive, even with my copay it is $119.00 for 12. I still have a couple left from samples but I can&#039;t wait for a generic brand!"
"This drug is wonderful. You don&#039;t realize how much it helps until you leave it off for a day.

I would highly rate this above anything I have taken."
"I gave this drug rating of 5 because I have seen it do well for many people. However, I went CRAZY after starting this medicine. I watched 4 people take this medicine and do very well and quit smoking. If it was not for a friend that I had not spoke to in weeks calling me I would have done even worse. When she contacted me I explained my symptoms of fatigue, depression, and even crazier things. She then told me the exact same thing happened to her on Chantix. I have quit smoking before. My advice: Try this medication but HAVE SOMEONE WATCH YOU FOR SIDE-EFFECTS."
"I am trying Seroquel for Tourette&#039;s and have noticed no difference. But my general level of anxiety has decreased and my sex drive is much higher! When I first started Seroquel my obsessive compulsive disorder symptoms became much worse but they are now better than they were before I started taking it. I feel more in the moment during the day.

Bad part: I get goofy after I take it (I have to take it at night because it knocks me out) and I am having abdominal pains every day and mild diarrhea so I will have to stop taking it soon.

I don&#039;t know if this is a side effect or not but at night when I am lying in bed I have started getting weird sensations in my hips and then my legs will kick out violently. This happens every minute or so until I fall asleep."
"I had an absess on my gum the pain was bad. I took this and within hours needed no pain killers - gave me a slight headache but nothing bad, just a slight cloudy feeling, but its still is a lot better than someone hitting you with a base ball bat. That&#039;s how my face felt without this antibiotic. Top stuff."
"Losartan gave me painful backaches and pretty severe swelling in my hands and feet.  Because of this, I had to take a potassium supplement for the backache and then hztc for the fluid retention.  I do not like having to take two medications to control the side effect of one medication.  Those issues got under control, but now it has given me chronic diarrhea so I have to switch.  All that aside, Losartan does control my blood pressure very well, and I&#039;ve had issues with Norvasc, Lisinopril, Bystolic, and Clonadine.  Maybe I&#039;m sensitive.  If you have hard to control blood pressure, this might be a powerful drug that will work for you.  I ended up in the ER once with 220/150 (on Norvasc) and Losartan HCTZ got me in control really quickly."
"I have had issues with underarm perspiration since I was 8 years old. I am a very clean person, and I couldn&#039;t figure out what was wrong with me. It took me YEARS to even talk to my doctor about it because I was THAT embarrassed. Having this issue has really impacted my life and left me feeling gross, dirty, humiliated and afraid to part-take in normal daily activities. I have actually put paper towels under my arms and have also taken panty liners and folded them over the underarms of my shirt to minimize the appearance of sweat. Still, nothing was enough. Finally, I got the courage to talk to my doctor, and she prescribed me this. It is my third day, and I am wearing a tee shirt and I am 100% dry."
"I am in my early 50&#039;s and suffered with erectile dysfunction and benign prostatic hyperplasia the last few years. On and off again prostatitis using antibiotics and getting awful side effects. Saw advertisement for Cialis for daily use and talked to my urologist about it. Had the voucher for 30 day free trial. After ONE WEEK, I was urinating normal, and not waking in the middle of the night to go! After two weeks I was getting erections like a teen again, middle of the night, mornings and when I wanted sex. I couldn&#039;t be happier, no more pain, more sex and a happier wife!"
"My symptoms of sinusitis grew rapidily over 24 hours BEFORE taking this antibiotic. I started out with allergy symptoms, Only on my left side. 8 hours into it I had a pounding  headache and my face and nose hurt really bad. I suffer from anxiety and had a bad experience last year while taking over the counter cold/allergy meds, so this year I was definitely not going to medicate myself up and decided to go to the doctor. my dr. visit was on the second day of being sick &amp; I was full blown with what I thought had turned into a flu.Coughing was mild and mostly because i was dizzy so i felt nauseous and would cough. Chills,sweats,shakes,worst headache ever,nose and face hurt so bad. took 2 pills felt better in 5 hours"
"I have currently been on Ortho-Cyclen for a few months now and am going back to my doctor soon to see if I can be prescribed something else. The good for me: very effective when taken correctly, and light periods with bearable cramping. The bad for me: terrible mood swings, bloating, very low libido, and nausea. If I didn&#039;t take this pill before bed and after a meal, I&#039;d be sick to my stomach. I have experienced bloating, but haven&#039;t gained any weight. The low sex drive I have experienced on this has been very bad. Overall, it&#039;s free through my insurance and didn&#039;t get me pregnant, but the negative side effects are not worth it anymore!!"
"Initially, I was prescribed Ativan for anxiety related to menopause. I took 0.25 mg every few days for that. Then, after a death in my immediate family, I began taking 0.25 to 0.5 mg almost every afternoon.  My prescription reads &quot;1 mg up to 3 x daily as needed&quot;.  I have never needed more than 0.5 mg a day. I have not felt the need to increase beyond that dose. Ativan helps me think clearly and removes the stress that is pretty prevalent in my life at the moment. It also allows me to rest at night."
"I loved this drug--until my insurance company said it was the &#039;same&#039; as another less expensive drug. I&#039;ve been miserable ever since. The acid reflux is returning, I am bloated and bowels are always a surprise. My surgeon is thinking a second surgery might be needed - if only I could afford the Protonix it could be avoided."
"I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis in 1996 soon after moving to Seattle. In hindsight, I&#039;ve been *depressed* for most of the past 20 yrs. The long, dark Seattle winters didn&#039;t help, so I&#039;m sure I suffered from Seasonal Affective Disorder, too. I avoided taking antidepressants all these years, fearing side effects, weight gain and turning into an emotionless zombie. NONE of these things happened when I started on Wellbutrin XL-150 mg. Instead, immediately after taking my first couple of doses, something miraculous happened: my 17-yr struggle with bladder incontinence COMPLETELY disappeared. I have my pre-Multiple Sclerosis bladder back! I&#039;m also STRONGER on my bike than EVER (I&#039;m an avid cyclist), sleeping great, dreaming vividly, losing weight and interested in sex like never before. MIRACLE MEDICINE (for me)!"
"I have been on Victoza since February 2015.  I have lost over 60 lbs.  I have had no side effects other than black and blue at the injection site.  I was also taking Farxiga with the Victoza.  Had stupid side effects with Farxiga, runny nose constantly.  I am now off of Farxiga and just taking Victoza.  For me personally Victoza it is great."
"After taking Lamitcal (250mg) for a 8 months or so to address my highly recurrent depressive episode, I realized I was still feeling agitated/annoyed/worried/anxious etc. Psych prescribed a low dose (100-300mg, up to 3x/day) to take as needed. I take it when I know something stressful, or a stressful part of my week, will be coming up. It seems to &#039;just work,&#039; subtly within 30 minutes. It works so well and it is so subtle that I more than half wonder if it&#039;s all just the placebo effect. However it works, I&#039;m happy to have found a chill pill that has no side effects, is non-habit forming and can be taken as needed rather than feeling enslaved to it."
"After a tragic and dark episode in my late 20&#039;s where I seemed to have reached rock bottom, some random doctor put me on effexor, minimal dose. Eleven years later I have never been able to get off the damn thing. And I lost count on how many times I&#039;ve tried. This stuff is seriously addictive and is one of the worst in its kind. Make absolutely sure you really know what you get yourself into with this drug. Even just missing a day makes me sick, two and I&#039;m sick as hell. I just finally started the long and slow process of tampering down 10% a month by removing little beads. It&#039;s gonna take ten months but I am determined and hoping it works out smoothly ... Nothing this addictive can be good. Beware."
"I have a different experience than these reviews I am reading here.  I do not think this is the best drug ever and really have a hard time believing the 9 and 10 ratings.  But also this drug is not a total dud and does not deserve so many low scores.  To me this is the second best drug I have tried for insomnia.
After many years of struggling including lost work days, Ambien was a miracle to me and since going on it 8 years ago. I only needed about 5mg each night to be out and have 0 side effects from the stuff.  But I want a safer alternative at least for some of the time.  Belsomra seems to be fitting that need.  While it is not even close to being as effective or side effect free as Ambien, it is much better than Sonata or Rozerem.  I do need a higher 20mg dose for the stuff.  It usually kicks in after about 45 minutes and consistently puts me to sleep at that dosage. I have been learning to manage a slight headache / dehydration effect from it by keeping a water bottle by my bed.  I am slightly drowsy for a couple hours in the AM (although it wears off completely and am fine by about 9am)."
"I started taking this medication two weeks ago. I am a single mother so i exercise as much as i can. I also have a office job so i sit more than I am active for my 8 hour or more shift. I can say it has decreased my appetite and I get full much faster when I eat. As to eating smaller portions I also cut off sugar drinks all together. I have my cheat days every now and then but who doesn&#039;t? Over all i have lost 8 lbs in two weeks!!! its more than i would of lost eating a cheese burger without it. So over all I am happy about this product and hope to lose much more and cut that cheat day out once and for all. Its also gave me so much more energy. Good luck on your journey guys:)"
"I have used a lot of different ADD/ADHD medications. Concerta works okay. It helps my concentration, organization, and memory only a very small amount. But it makes me very tired and moody. Overall, it&#039;s not worth it for me and I will be taking Adderall again next month."
"I had trouble functioning during the day because I couldn&#039;t fall asleep until 1 or 2 am, then had to get up at 6 am.  My doctor prescribed 10 mg Ambien (not CR) but because I&#039;m small I decided to cut one in half the first night.  I was able to sleep soundly almost immediately after my head hit the pillow and I slept all night.  That was about three years ago and I am still taking my half pill per night and sleeping well.   I have occasional times (maybe once every two months) that I don&#039;t sleep well with them, but I don&#039;t blame the pill for that.  Follow the directions, if you don&#039;t it isn&#039;t the fault of the drug, it&#039;s your own fault."
"This was the third medication I tried for my depression and anxiety. I&#039;m not going to lie, the entire time I was on it I felt like I was on Ecstasy 24/7. Everything was rainbows and sunshine and I felt so euphoric and amazing and warm and fuzzy. However, I had the nastiest headaches constantly, and they came on as soon as I&#039;d take the meds. Almost the entire time I felt so nauseous and I had migraines and it didn&#039;t let up. I switched at my monthly appointment because the headaches made the euphoria not worth it."
"I got the Skyla TODAY. I am 21. I had my first pap in March. This is the first time I&#039;ve &quot;taken&quot; birth control. I chose the skyla because it&#039;s smaller than the mirena &amp; lasts for 3 years. I didn&#039;t want a 5 year one because I feel like having something in there for 5 years is more gross than 3 years. It was inserted about 2 hours ago. As of now, I am feeling cramps. Just like regular period cramps. When it was inserted, it didn&#039;t feel much different than a pap. I did feel a few cramps, which were pretty bearable. My legs started shaking during the process, but I think it&#039;s because I almost let my nerves get the best of me. My doctor explained the whole process before doing anything, which was good. I would recommend this product!"
"I just wanna share this with girls who are worrying and freaking out cause I sure did. I took plan b cause I messed up on my birth control but also took a new pack of birth control the day after plan b, I didn&#039;t get my period for the month in February at all which freaked me out but I ended up getting old blood a couple weeks later and finally a month later after finishing my birth control, during my placebo week I am on my period right now. So I wanna say I know it&#039;s hard not worrying about if plan b works or not but it really does. If you take it with birth control I would say it throws off your cycle."
"This medicine gives me the runs after a few days of use but its sure better than coughing up a lung.
I have found nothing else though that works as well when I get a head cold."
"Helped slow me down so much that I was ignoring the pain. I didnt care about anyone or anything . Made me constipated. Just stopped taking it a week ago and dont feel anything bad. Feel much better now that I am off"
"Life saving! Im so happy to have this drug, I was a severe herion/opioid dependent for 8+ years, I got pregnant and got off the dope, seeked council whoch led me to methadone clinic. It was a way to maintain with a baby without full withdraw/detox. Skip 2 years of maintenance methadone. Finally took the leap to suboxone. 100% best decision I could ever do for myself and my Family. Both my husband and myself are addicts, together when using we were going to either get a divorce , go to jail , or die. You cannot uae narcotics on thus drug. If you do you will be very sick, or in my case you spend enough money to realize that you can do copious amounts of dope and not feel any different ! That&#039;s life changing !"
"Worked very well the first week, now in week 2 not so well. Great for short term."
"I got Jaydess (Canadian name for Skyla) inserted on Feb 22. It was a painful insertion for me with 3 very intense cramps, each lasting about 10 seconds. I took both acetaminophen and ibuprofen before the appointment. Immediately after I was ok, but the cramping kicked in while driving home and I spent the night taking ibuprofen and using a hot water bottle on the couch. The cramping subsided over the next few days and I know get short ones every once and awhile as I still adjust. The biggest thing is the bleeding. I have literally been bleeding everyday since insertion. I really hope it stops soon. Quite discouraging. Other than that, no other side affects yet."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control for 7 1/2 years all together. Since I&#039;ve been on nexplanon (1 1/2 years) I always feel bloated and fatigued. I&#039;ve had periods that have lasted 3 weeks at a time and I&#039;m always ANGRY, fire breathing angry at that. I&#039;ve always struggled with anxiety and depression but it&#039;s worse with this birth control.. My headaches take half of the infirmary to attempt to get rid of them. Another thing, what happened to the moisture? It&#039;s gotten to the point that I have to use lube anytime that I want to have sex. Nothing seems to help and I&#039;ve NEVER had this problem. Getting this removed ASAP, don&#039;t won&#039;t babies then use a condom."
"I have been on Lamictal now for 15 years.   We started at around 600 mg/day,but gradually reduced this to 250 g/day,and then after a couple of small seizures this was upped to 300g and I now take200 g at night and 100g in the morning. My doctor says Lamictal dosage must be minimum 250 g  day to be effective, with a maxi dosage possible of 1 200 g / day.  We did try some Lamictal plus Keppra onthe way,but reverted tojust Lamictal and that was fine.  I have had very few seizures since I started - maybe once every3 years - but recently got 2 when I went to Australia and had had a 30 hour trip.  Stress and alcohol are linked to my attacks.  I have very light epilepsy discovered at age 32.  I am very happy with it"
"This is the first medication prescribed for me of all the SSRIs, antipsychotics, AEDs and other designer drugs that did not cause significant adverse reactions or just plain not work.  I have a sleep problem complicated by PTSD which causes major adrenaline reactions during the night, the time which my body was programmed in childhood to believe dangerous.  Butabarbitol helps me sleep peacefully at night with no hangover in the morning."
"This medicine was given to me to treat unknown swelling in the brain. It worked."
"I have had side effects with every single allergy drug I&#039;ve tried- prescription and none - ranging from sleepy to practically comatose. Zyrtec is the only medicine that helps me and positively impacts my quality of life. "
"I have COPD and other lung issues. For two weeks I received two shots a week. At first it seemed to help with little side effects. By the third shot did not seem like it was working anymore. Fourth shot caused severe side effects. I broke out in itchy  rash head to toe,  my throat was starting to constrict combined with a &quot;sick&quot; feeling getting worse as day went on.; Ended up in ER with throat constriction and difficulty breathing. Several hours of oxygen and Benedryl    I was released. I will NEVER take this med again. I still have the lung and heart sac infection!"
"I&#039;ve tried many other non-addictive medications and none of them helped my anxiety the way Xanax does. After several other medications, (and hesitation on my part) my doctor finally prescribed me Xanax 1 mg 2-3 times daily depending on my level of anxiety that day. I ended up breaking most of the pills in half and only taking 0.5 mg usually 3x a day, and find it relieves my anxiety without the level of sleepiness a whole mg gives me. I usually only take a whole pill if I feel a panic attack coming on. But, I&#039;ll take the mild drowsiness any day over the level of constant anxiety I had prior to starting the drug, and a couple cups of coffee usually does me good. I can definitely tell when a dose starts to wear off though, some withdrawal."
"My son was diagnosed with ADHD when he was in the first grade.  At the advice of his then doctor we did not treat him with any medications.  My son is the sweetest, kindest kid and wanted to please everyone (teachers, parents, etc).  However, he struggled so much with academics and general life organization.  Homework time was a nightmare. By the time he was in 4th grade I broke down and took him to a doctor to try medications because something HAD to change. Vyvance has changed his life for the better. All of his grades went up in a matter of weeks, his homework is completed correctly and neatly before I even get home, and he will even tell you he feels better in general.  He also tried Adderrall but that just made him very hostile."
"Really wanted this to work had allergic reaction to Cymbalta but it was helping fibro so tried Savella. Have been doing titration pack. Never got higher than 50 mg in 3 weeks but my neck has been stiff, headache, stomach pain, bloating, anxiety increased achy feeling like the flu. So I plan to stop it and see if things improve . Diagnosed with fibromyalgia 20 years ago and haven&#039;t felt this bad in a long time. So disappointed."
"I&#039;ve always been very thin, and I disliked the way I looked in the mirror for years. Then 3 years ago my mom introduced me to this medicine, it worked wonders for my body. It stimulated my appetite, mad me sleepy which was good since I had problems sleeping and this medicine changed the way I looked. I was curvy and attractive, I took one pill every day or sometimes every other day and I moved from a size 0 to a beautiful size 6 and I was very happy with myself. The sad thing is I&#039;m in China for one year doing my postgraduate degree and the stresses of being here have pulled my weight down to 8kgs less to where it was when I first came here. "
"40 year old female with history of suffering with overactive bladder both urgency and frequency since 2009. I was having 2-3 leaks a day and at one point had to start wearing adult diapers.I tried all the conservative treatments-therapy, every prescription medication, and interstim in 2013. All of these methods failed for me. In July of 2014 I received my first dose of Botox, it helped a little with frequency not so much urgency. I just received my second dose of Botox on July 8,2015. This time my doctor increased my dose. As of July 13th I was no longer wearing pads or liners. I am one happy girl :) 6 long years of hope and finally something has worked for me. My frequency has decreased and there is NO sense of urgency and NO LEAKS. YAY!!!"
"After 19 years of smoking at least a pack a day I quit using Chantix.  The first week was very difficult, nicotine withdrawals and constantly finding myself reaching for a pack that wasn&#039;t there anymore. I did the full 3 month course.  I was really worried that I would fall off the wagon as soon as I quit taking the pills, but it didn&#039;t happen.  I had relearned new habits in those 3 months.  

The main side effects were vivid dreams.  I&#039;ve had clinical depression in my past and was not affected with it at all.  I highly suggest taking Vitamin D too. It&#039;s now been over 3 years and I&#039;m still smoke free.  It&#039;s a completely different life being a non-smoker!"
"Received this horrible stuff for my upper endoscopy. Made my heart race for two days, coughed so much when I came too and afterword for about 10 minutes,  made chest sore, made me a chatterbox and I&#039;m usually a quite person....wasn&#039;t sleepy,  I went to bed,  deep sleep, woke up to heart racing and jittery feeling from this medicine,  caused shallow breathing too. It will never pipe through my veins again! I had to drink and drink water to get this junk out of my system. Horrible poison!"
"I started off on 50 mg. I was instantly able to tell that my appetite went up. After a week, I went up to 100 mg. I was on 100 mg for 3 weeks and gained four pounds in two weeks. I was eating bigger meals and I craved junk food. However, I felt like it was helping my anxiety a little bit. I decided to stay on it because I have tried Lexapro, Brintellix and Venlafaxine, and none of those worked for me. After the three weeks, I went up to 150 mg. I gained an extra pound, and my anxiety and depression got worse. My sleeping schedule got off, my social as well as general anxiety increased, I was jittery and I wasn&#039;t able to focus on anything."
"I found this site and comments of great interest.  My daughter had a shot earlier this year and complained of continuous bleeding (not spotting) feeling bloated, nausea, headaches, cramps and very depressed and emotional.  She went other doctor who has put her on antidepressants and pills to supposedly stop the bleeding a week on still bleeding.  My daughter is 24 and has changed from a lovely bubbly happy person into an ill zombie who sits on the sofa all day fatigued and in pain.  I certainly intend to seek legal advice."
"I took Otezla twice, two years apart. My first experience helped my psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis within 3 months with minimal side effects. I had loose stool for a couple of days and a mild headache. THEN I developed a very aggressive breast cancer and was advised to stop Otezla.. I underwent chemotherapy, bilateral mastectomies and reconstruction. One year later, I began taking Otezla again because my psoriasis and PA came back with a vengeance, as predicted. Four months into treatment, I developed breast cancer in my sternum. Once again, I quit the Otezla and have since undergone radiation treatment. I did not tick the boxes for a patient at high risk for breast cancer. I feel my cancer may well have been a direct result of Otezla"
"Just started, no evaluation yet as only been on it a few days"
"My husband gave clomipramine a try yesterday and as a side effect he got very violent and angry."
"Been on it week. My ob/gy gave for weight loss. It gives me alot of energy and I don&#039;t eat much like before the pill. I can tell how much I loss now. But I do see the difference in me. It only give dry mouth that all."
"Since I work at an OB-GYN office, I&#039;m somewhat of a birth control connoisseur.  I was on NuvaRing for 2 years.  I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain and it gave me a regular period, my partner and I never experienced any discomfort from it, and it was definitely an improvement from the &quot;crazy moodiness&quot; I had on the Depo shot.  Also, I LOVED the convenience of inserting Nuvaring only once a month.  The ONLY downside was that I had absolutely no sex drive.  As in, I never even thought about sex any more. If it weren&#039;t for the 100% change in sex drive (and the fact there&#039;s no generic yet), I&#039;d go back on Nuvaring in a heartbeat."
"I have no complaints about Sprintec. I have been on it for four months now with no problems. I was late for it a few nights, resulting in an early period, but it was not a big deal. My periods have been lighter. I have actually lost weight, but my bra size has increased from a B to a C! No complaints there!"
"Y&#039;all, I&#039;m an ob/gyn and it took me using this stuff myself to decide I will NEVER recommend it to a patient again. My vagina is on FIRE. I am completely miserable. This is way worse than any yeast infection I could dream up. I feel like I must have third degree burns on the inside. I thought I could tough it out, but no girl is that tough! Monistat, this is NOT okay. I will be prescribing oral treatment from now on."
"this pill got the job done but i&#039;ve never felt so sick in my life. i couldn&#039;t sleep for 2 days because i kept waking up sweating. i felt very nauseous and fatigued. i threw up twice. honestly just make sure you have condoms so you don&#039;t have to take this pill. it really isn&#039;t worth the side effects."
"I have been on belviq for 5 days and I&#039;m down 2 pounds...my starting weight on Monday was 251 and now I am 247.  I have cut back on eating due to not feeling hungry all the time so that helps me count calories so I don&#039;t over eat but I will say that you need to make sure that you eat breakfast in the morning.  Don&#039;t forget to download Myfitness Pal to help. Side effects: I had a headache, drowsiness/dizziness the fist day but that seem to wear off the first day or so. Good luck everyone and I will keep you updated on my weight loss. Adding exercise this week everyday!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking 75mg for a little over a month, I&#039;ve seen a positive difference for sure! There are so many bad reviews on the drug and it made me worry but being on it has really changed my life in ways. My depression is so much better, I don&#039;t take as many naps as I used to, my headaches are a little better, and it&#039;s even helped me with irritable bowel syndrome. It&#039;s still hard to focus sometimes, but not bad. I don&#039;t have many side effects on 75mg -- I have crazy dreams sometimes but it&#039;s not bad! And I think I might be a bit more hungry. Although, if I miss a dose by a few hours I will definitely feel it. I start to get a migraine and have to take the med right away. 
This really worked for me and I hope it could help someone else!"
"Hi to all girls, who are terrified about getting pregnant! I want to share you my experience: I had sex with my boyfriend on my ovulation day (according to my bbt chart) and the condom slipped off inside me. We both had panic and went to a pharmacy to buy the morning after pill. I took takeaction (levonorgestrel 1, 5) after 30 min. unprotected sex happened. The last 2 weeks were the longest of my life but finally I got my period one day earlier than expected. The side effects I experienced were: heavy bleeding (the first two days), tiredness (disappeared after 5 days), abdominal pain (one week before I got my period). My period is heavier than usual and with a lots of cramps but I am not pregnant. Good luck to all of you!"
"I had my Skyla insertion 3 days ago. I have never had any children &amp; no pregnancies. I decided to look at a safer method &amp; I was looking for another route with a more guaranteed pregnancy protection. I was super nervous &amp; I had no idea what kind of pain to expect other than &quot;severe menstrual cramp&quot; feeling described. The insertion itself was quite painful but I didn&#039;t take any meds prior to my appointment so I highly recommend that. Severe cramping occurred for 36-48 hours after insertion. I am now 48-72 hours in &amp; am experiencing no cramps &amp; no bleeding. I will continue my pills for 4 weeks until my follow up appointment. Even though insertion was miserable, it lasts 10 seconds. Highly recommend this method!"
"I have not had a good experience with this medication. I&#039;ve had the implant since March, had a 2 week long period in April, no period in May and a 2 week long period in June followed by constant spotting of either blood or brown discharge. I&#039;ve also gained weight and my acne has gotten worse. I think there&#039;s less of an emotional side effect and more me upset at what is going on. I was completely regulated on the pill and am considering going back to that because I&#039;m worried about there being something wrong internally with my uterus on this implant. It&#039;s taking a toll on my relationship because I feel self conscious and apprehensive about having sex."
"Having great success with escitalopram for anxiety. Have been taking 10 mg daily over 4 weeks now. First AD med I have ever taken and I was quite resistant. But after months of struggling, my life was going downhill quickly. Losing sleep, no appetite, missing work. So glad I got help! Most noticeable start up side effects were some increased anxiety (which thankfully was offset by clonazepam the Dr prescribed), insomnia, complete loss of appetite, and some constipation. These all disappeared in less than 2 weeks and I am now sleeping and eating well with very little anxiety. When I do feel anxious, I can control it instead of it controlling me! I feel my normal self again:)"
"Me and my boyfriend were having sex and the condom broke inside but we didn&#039;t notice so when he pulled out, we were scared and so we went to krogers 15 mins later and took the plan b pill. So EXACTLY one week later I got my regular period . So this stuff works. I didn&#039;t think it was gonna work but it did... But I took another one the day after too. I don&#039;t think I&#039;m supposed to do that ."
"I always have had psoriasis of the scalp but recently it has started on one armpit.  It is very uncomfortable so my mom who is a nurse gave me a tube of this. It worked within a day but I lost out and it broke out terribly bad like I thought nothing could help it.  I found the tube and it looked awesome after just one day.  Just finished my second day and it had faded quite a bit more. I&#039;m sure it won&#039;t be long till its completely gone. Can&#039;t wait.  It&#039;s the summer and I can&#039;t always keep my arms down."
"With no medicines I am the world&#039;s laziest housekeeper - no kidding.  With Ritalin, I am still that, but I do very well at work.  I tried Adderall because it was cheaper and it didn&#039;t help my concentration at work, but I painted the floor and the ENTIRE inside of my house, a complete renovation - needed no sleep, almost at all.  While it&#039;s great to be so productive, physically, I have to try something else, because I feel like I&#039;m on full throttle."
"Everyone is obviously so different. My experience wasn&#039;t even close to as positive as some of the others have mentioned. Thankfully I received a physicians sample, and did not purchase it. 

I took about 6 days worth, and noticed increased discharge. After taking it for another 7 days, I woke up with the worst headache. Headaches are very rare for me. Then I noticed some spotting on my underware. By the evening I was sweating heavily, and just felt horrible. 

It was then that I decided to look up side effects.  I have discontinued taking this medication. It&#039;s just not worth the side effects for me. 

Your mileage will certainly vary."
"Started at 225 now 215 (ten lbs) in 14 days also on a 500 cal diet with little exercise."
"I LOVE Depo! Been on it for about 2 1/2 years, only side effects are some weight gain (5-10 pounds) and minor cramping once a month maybe. I used to have TERRIBLE periods, ever since my first shot I haven&#039;t had a single period or spotting. It&#039;s nice only having to go in once every 3 months. Definitely 10/10!"
"Second time on this pill for BV. My only symptom was yucky discharge. Prescribed 14 400g pills for 7 days, to take 2 a day. I know it tastes really gross, so I drink it with coca cola and get down really fast. I&#039;m on the second day, about to take my 4th pill. The discharge has gone away already, which I am very happy about. Have felt really dizzy and shaky, but I think it&#039;s worth it. Well worth taking for bacterial vaginitis."
"So far I&#039;ve had a decent experience with mirena. I had it inserted during my period (on the 2ND day) that was a weird experience. Insertion was a breeze, no discomfort. I was nervous after reading all of the reviews.  Less than 1 minute  and it was over. I threw on my clothes and i countined on with my day like normal. I&#039;m sure i should&#039;ve waited to habe sex but i didnt. On the 3rd day i had some cramping, since then no cramping. Ive never really had much crampong so i went into a little bit of a panic mode And was beginning to doubt my decision. Bybthe next day the cramping was gone. Mild spotting.  I feel like my sex drive has increased.  I am worried about the weight gain but I plan on staying active and keep a close eye on"
"Oh man thank God for this drug!!!!!! I literally JUST realized I have a UTI and I&#039;m out of the country, but I have ciprofloxacin with me. I can tell I only just developed the UTI since symptoms weren&#039;t unbearable yet. Within the last 30 minutes since taking the pill I already have some relief. I&#039;m concerned about the possible side effects after reading these reviews, but honestly I feel like anything is better than a UTI."
"This 1day monistat...I will never try again. I wasn&#039;t even burning at 1st, just an itch from taking an antibiotic. This egg I inserted made my pocket book burn. I don&#039;t recommend this product if you can&#039;t stand a constant burn to your private area."
"I just started Celexa when my doctor put me on it about a week ago. We just couldn&#039;t win with my depression and all that entails for major depressive disorder, and I was feeling really depressed at the time. I&#039;m on a low dose but only for about two weeks until we check it out. I&#039;ve been diagnosed now for about 8 or 9 years, tried LOTS of anti-depressants. Even though I tried to work with them all, as a team me and the medicine, we just couldn&#039;t win with it the depression. My side effects of depression are a huge lack of energy, being angry often, usually at the whole world, so much stress and negativity, So much that I will say thanks to everyone who commented. I hope I have a lot to look forward to now based on all of the positive comments about Celexa."
"I have been on Yasmin for a long time but began having break through periods after my third child. My doctor switched me to Zovia and within 3 weeks I gained inches on my hips and thighs. I work out twice a week and watch what I eat so this was concerning. I also developed a LOT of acne on my face. Big red sores that were painful. I have since switched back to Yasmin and my side effects have reversed. Thankfully. It may have been due to the increase in the amount of estrogen from the Zovia."
"For Lyme symptoms (which vary over months) I&#039;ve taken different antibiotics for more than a year. Most of that time I took a different medicine (Ceftin), then IV, then Doxycycline which was not quite strong enough to stop the last of my symptoms (spine pain and arthritis in my hands) so for 30 days I took BOTH the Doxy   azithromycin. There was almost immediate improvement (100% in spine!) but not completely resolved in hands. Currently doing another 30 days of both antibiotics. Side effects: there are hot flashes, like night sweats, for about 5 minutes every hour, but that may be caused by Lyme. The only gut problems may be my fault for taking it on an empty stomach then starting the day with black coffee. (Yeah -- don&#039;t do that.)"
"Parnate in my experience has been the most effective AD for anxiety. For me none of the SSRIs/SNRIs worked. I&#039;ve taken 30-40mgs for ~ 2 years on and off. It&#039;s not perfect. It has it&#039;s issues. That said it actually helps with anxiety which is A  . Caused no weight-gain, no sexual issues. Side effects were: Red eyes, not really being able to tolerate much alcohol, feeling a little &#039;weird&#039;. Only thing to note is drug interactions. I stuipdly took ecstasy while on this which was a very fast way to a blackout, seizure and ambulance bill. Do not take anything that will affect Serotonin at the same time as this medication. Drug interactions are very serious. That said food reactions imo are exaggerated."
"Went on Effexor for panic disorder/social anxiety caused by OCD. It was debilitating and the symptoms really affected my ability to go through life. I had been on other meds, which did not do much, so I was genuinely surprised and happy when the Effexor made a noticeable difference in the frequency and severity of my panic attacks. I have a few moments of panic now and then, but nothing as bad as it was. OCD is still there, but does not cause me too much distress or interrupt my life as much as it used to (and Effexor is not meant to treat OCD anyway). The side effect that got me the most was tiredness, so I was put on Wellbutrin to balance that out, and it seems to be working for me. The other side effects are entirely bearable."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about almost a year now.  I have yet to get pregnant, so it&#039;s doing its job. Although, this pill comes with many down falls to not getting pregnant. Every single month after my period I receive extreme uncontrollable nausea. It wakes me up every night for the first week and I feel forced to make myself throw up. After a year I&#039;m finally considering getting a new birth control."
"I am very aware of how my body feels on any given day, and I was very apprehensive about starting birth control again. I remembered feeling sluggish, craving food and being moody when I was on other birth controls. Last time I was on birth control I gained 10 lbs and couldn&#039;t shake it. With Lo Loestrin FE I had side effects during my first month. Now I&#039;m in the middle of month two and I feel no side effects whatsoever. During month one I had non-stop spotting for two weeks straight (not fun for just starting a relationship). I bloated about 5 lbs during week 2, but with a little more dieting I worked it back down. I remember having one moment of extreme moodiness in week 3. But like I said, its month two and I have no side effects at all."
"I have inherited familial high cholesterol. At age 36, I had quintuple by-pass surgery. At age 46, 56, 63 and 65, I had stents due to blockages. I&#039;ve been taking statins for 30 years in spite of severe muscle pain, currently Crestor and started Rapatha injections every two weeks,  shortly after it became available. I consider the shortness of breath I have been experiencing to the Rapatha, and my symptoms have grown increasingly worse during this period of time, including weakness and trouble breathing. I have  allergies and asthma, which I thought was the source of my trouble breathing, however,  my breathing problems have significantly worsened since taking  Rapatha and is a debilitating side effect. Cholesterol  has dropped significantly."
"I&#039;m 24 have 3 children 4, 3, 11 months. I have been addicted to pain killers since I was 21, and I had to get off of it. My kids where suffering and my whole family. I found a great doctor and she gave me Suboxone. I have never felt better in my whole life. I&#039;m so much happier. I don&#039;t spend my whole day looking 4 my next dose. I spend that time with my kids and my husband is way happier. "
"I&#039;ve always suffered with bad sleeping patterns and anxiety around stressful times such as exams or when I have a lot of deadlines, taking two of these (25mg each) knocks me out and means I don&#039;t have the bad anxiety dreams (that used to stop me from thinking  straight) and now I get everything sorted the next day."
"I used the full Obaji package for four months and gradually stopped using their sunblock and skin correction lotions because the breakouts where 100x worse than before I started the treatment for mild acne.

I did keep telling myself that my skin would have more breakouts and then improve but 4 months was a long time to wait. 

Now I only use the tretinoin cream and it had been great. I only have one or two spots max but overall my skin is clear. 

I use the oil free moisturiser by murad to protect my skin against UV light and I&#039;m really pleased with the results."
"I was having coughing episodes about 3 hours long. I coughed until I vomited, and even until I lost control of my other bodily functions (both of them). I basically did not sleep more than 3 hours a night (if that) for a week and a half. Since I can expect this cough for another 4 weeks to 4 months, I broke down and gave this a try. It is a testament to the sheer physical force of the pertussis cough that Tussionex only stops it by about 80%. But that 80% makes all the difference! I am sleeping adequately and can keep food down. The unpleasantness that goes along with taking opiates is far, far preferable to this vicious pertussis cough."
"Makes me swell up, eat too much, bump into things, forget words and does nothing for my pain. Stupid, expensive drug. I&#039;ve been taking 150mg. 2X per day for almost three months. It doesn&#039;t work."
"Reading all the posts/comments on here - PEOPLE - if you are still feeling bad and not noticing relief from symptoms of an underactive thryoid PLEASE TELL YOUR doctor.  If your doctor disagrees with you then find an ENDOCRINOLOGIST to get a second opinion.  They specialize in endocrine issues which the thyroid falls under.

You know your own body better than your doctor - research the symptoms of an underactive thryoid and if you are still feeling them - then get a second opinion.  

Never stop taking this medication on your own,  it takes 4 to 6 And be aware that when you start this m weeks to notice a difference in your body.  Also, ask your doctor to write DISPENSE AS WRITTEN on your prescription to avoid the pharmacy giving generic"
"Used to get 2-3 weekly migraines before Topamax and would run out of Fioricet and Imitrex. I tapered up to the 100 mg dose and while I do get the occasional tingling in my fingers and toes, its nothing compared to a full fledged migraine. I also dropped 8 or 9 lbs, which is a lot for me since I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and was 129, now I&#039;m 121lbs. I have almost no appetite, but almost no migraines."
"For the last 7  years I&#039;ve had cronic lower back pain due to L4-L5, L5-S1 bulg disc&#039;s and Arthritis. I&#039;m only 30 years old. I&#039;ve have 12 Epidural injections that gave me no Relief. Seen over 12 back /pain doctors and was told PT and NSAID&#039;s would be the way to go. All the doctors where wrong. I was in pain day and night. It never got better and kept me from having a normal life with my family. I have two girls ages 6, 14. My PA Told me to find a pain management center. For the next month I lived in pain. The pain was so bad some days. I finally got into a pain DR. They started me on Butran 10mg patch and Percocets 7.5/325, it&#039;s changed my LIFE! I&#039;m pain free for the first time in 7 yr&#039;s. Patch works in 3 days!"
"Riding a bicycle 30-40mins twice a day 3-6 days a week.  Had trouble witha high diastolic pressure but since dose was increased from 5mg to 10mg, it dropped and the exercise has definitely prevented any swelling."
"It has been a miricale!! I have been on several medications and nothing has helped. I have continued to bounce from depression to mania, with little sleep. I&#039;ve been on this medication for five days WOW is all I can say. I feel wonderful. I&#039;m sleeping again. No racy thoughts, none of the symptoms that I suffer from. I just hope it last. The cost is a problem but the company is working on helping me with that!!"
"Recently started treatment for Irritable Bowel Syndrome. The Doctor is indeed highly experienced. On medication thrice daily since 2 weeks now. Only issue is drowsiness, don&#039;t feel like getting up from bed, even feel like sleeping during day time, only physical activity then can keep me awake but still drowsiness lingers on."
"I absolutely do NOT recommend this medication! I tried it to help with some weight loss along with lowering my blood sugar. I only got through 2 doses. I immediately suffered from nausea and headaches the first day. The second night on victoza, I awoke with severe stomach pain and began throwing up. Throughout the next day I felt miserable. Headaches, achy, low energy, and puking everything I tried to put in my body. I ended up in the ER that night dehydrated. Due to the severe stress on my body, I ended up with ketoacidosis. I spent 3 days in the hospital. It was the worst experience I have ever suffered due to a medication. Please do your research before taking this medication."
"I have had acne since I was 12 (I&#039;m 18 now) but around one year ago my acne turned from mild to medium/severe. After using it for almost a year it has almost completely cleared up my skin! I honestly can&#039;t believe how good the results are. I still get the occasional break out here and there but my skin is definitely much better than what I started out with. Only thing I&#039;d have to say is that it dries out your skin and can burn if you put on too much but other than that I highly recommend (:"
"I&#039;ve been taking till pill for about a year now. It&#039;s been working great so far, only problem is the effect it has on my hormones. It&#039;s been making me crazy emotional. I&#039;ve never been an angry person but ever since I started the pill it&#039;s so hard for me to control my anger."
"I have been diabetic type 2 for 10 years and was under control with diet and exercise plus medication but this year glucose level has been slightly high so the doctor added the Empagliflozin 10mg one daily. The first week I was experiencing headache and weak in the legs stayed in bed went to bathroom more than frequently. After a week this settled down and I lost a few pounds in my weight. However I started getting yeast infection around my stomach and on the backside which was uncomfortable. stayed on the tablets for one month and the yeast infection remained so doctor discontinued the tablets. The medication side effects out weigh the benefits."
"Works better than any other stimulant medicine I have tried. I have sensitivity to stimulants; it causes bruxism. The bruxism is absent with a 20 mg dose, and minimal with a 30 mg dose. Other Stimulants - I cannot take even the lowest dose without getting the bruxism side-effect to the point I can&#039;t stand it. Also, I can&#039;t &quot;feel&quot; when it starts working and stops working - which is great. It wears off slowly starting about 7-8 hours after I take it. After 10-11 hours I do not feel it in my system anymore. No Insomnia or &quot;crashing feeling&quot;. Weight loss (ok since I am fat) about 25 lbs in 3 months. My only complaint is it makes me want to smoke. I quit smoking a long time ago. I think about wanting to have a cigarette several times a day."
"I went to the ER after I coughed up blood a few times thru the day, and I was diagnosed with acute bronchitis. I was prescribed the zpack 5 day regimen. 
After a couple of days I began feeling a little better, but by the 5th or 6th day, I felt worse. I had severe nausea and became anorexic to the point that I lost 14 pounds. It took about another 4-5 days until I could eat more than a bite or so of food at any sitting. 
It&#039;s been around a month and a half since this happened, and I&#039;m still having issues with my appetite and weight. I&#039;m still down the 14 lbs, and my energy flags easily. I&#039;ll never EVER take that med again due to such an experience. I&#039;ve had fine success with other antibiotics, without them being this hard on my gut."
"I&#039;m finishing up my third month of Sprintec. I&#039;m 19 and had never taken birth control previously. The first few months I experienced the normal side effects - nausea in the morning, dizziness, feeling a bit out of it mentally. Sprintec has given me lighter periods but that is the only plus. Last month when I was halfway through my sugar pill week I began to feel extremely numb emotionally and unable to feel happy about anything, not even my long-term relationship. I couldn&#039;t shake the depression until I started my next pill pack. This month the depression is starting on my third row of active pills. If it continues I am going to the doctor to change meds. Never sacrifice your mental and emotional health for shorter periods and clearer skin."
"A little over a week ago the condom broke during sex. So within 20 minutes we went and got the pill and I took it. I have always had an irregular period, meaning I go months sometimes without periods, so I had no idea what stage I was at within my menstrual cycle. After 8 long days of cramps, back pain, tender breasts, and serious mood swings, I got a period! If it worked for me, it will work for you, too. The key is to take it as soon as possible and to remain calm. The more stressed you are, the longer you&#039;ll go without a period. And yes, you may have some terrible symptoms. But at the moment, it&#039;s better than being pregnant!"
"I&#039;ve suffered from acne prone skin since I was about 10. And let me tell you after years of suffering from low self esteem and being made fun of I am in love with Yasmin. I&#039;ve tried Pro-Active and other face cleaners but nothing worked.

My face took a month or so to improve, it&#039;s not all completely gone, I do get pimples every so often. Yasmin has helped me with emotional issues as well. I&#039;m not so moody and I feel so great on it.

I definitely recommend it."
"I&#039;m 40 years old and split 100mg in half. 50mg is strong enough..erection last for hours and maintain 100% after ejaculation. Its the best medicine out there. Highly recommend."
"The concerta has been a mixed blessing. Has enabled my youngest to concentrate in class but has caused urinary (urgency) symptoms which the doctor claims are unrelated. I did find a reference to this type of symptom as rare i.e. less than 1% of patients but maybe we are in that category. we will try the 27 mg and if the urinary symptoms stay i will take her off them."
"Got my IUD last week. Insertion took about 4 minutes total. It felt like an extended pap smear with a few uncomfortable pinches and mild cramps. I had mild cramping for the next several days and no spotting. I found it uncomfortable to sit up for first 2 days so I was glad that I took the day off work to rest. probably the worst side effect has been the fatigue and feeling a bit more emotional than usual. I&#039;m hoping that will lessen once I get used the hormones. One word of advice: Since you don&#039;t know how your body will react I think it&#039;s good to take the day off afterwards. If nothing else, it&#039;s good to pamper yourself for making a smart decision for your sexual health. Overall, this has been a positive experience."
"Botox is the only medicine that has stopped my migraines for 4-5 months at a time. I&#039;ve had migraines for over 40 years now and I&#039;m very happy that it is now approved by the FDA for migraine treatment."
"So I&#039;ve been taking Taytulla for about 3 months. I started noticing significant changes in my moods. I was overly emotional. Everything made me cry, and I&#039;m not a super emotional person. I pretty much spotted during the entire duration of me taking the pill. Needless to say, I switched birth controls."
"Used progesterone suppositories four years earlier and it did not prevent premature labor. The liquid form, Makena, did prevent it. Just use ice to numb the muscle before the shot. Highly recommend."
"With any psych med, always use the LOWEST EFFECTIVE DOSE. If your doctor starts you on 5 or 10mg and you already feel better, just stay there. Less is more. SSRIs mess with your sleep architecture and the long-term sleep deprivation will make you gradually more depressed and tired, and you might not realize it&#039;s the citalopram because it&#039;s making you too tired and stupid to figure it out. I gradually increased the dose until I was on 40mg for 2 years and my life feel apart. Most people do NOT do well on 40mg, and I&#039;m angry that my doctor portrayed it as a moderate dose. Anything above 20mg made me too tired to function without loads of caffeine. Doctors please be more conservative in your dosing."
"This was prescribed for my 13 yo daughter&#039;s moderate acne by her pediatrician after epiduo and an expensive sulfer wash product did not work.  After what looked like some good initial results the 1st week, her acne returned and was worse.  We stuck it out for 2 mos hoping it was &quot;getting worse before it gets better&quot; while also waiting for an appt w/ an actual dermatologist - but it never got better.

Once we finally saw the derm, he said it is not working if not better in 2 mos, and that he doesn&#039;t like mino for acne due to side effects anyway.  He then prescribed amoxicillin and a topical cream called veltin that have worked MUCH better.

I will say her side effects on mino were minimal (slight headaches 1st wk), but it didn&#039;t work for us."
"I love this birth control. With all 4 of my children, I start taking this pill daily 6 weeks post partum. I&#039;ve nursed all my children for over a year. With my first 3, I never had a period until my child weaned around 13 months old.  My 4th is 10 month old and I just started a period. Not sure why but not worried about it.  This time we also use condoms for extra protection but we didn&#039;t with the other 3 and we never had any surprise pregnancies. Effective and I&#039;ve never had any noticeable side effects other than being less moody and more even keel. Normally no cramping, spotting, nothing.  Great method for us. I&#039;ll probably continue using it after my dd weans and use condoms as well."
"This product is a life-changing miracle. I wish I would have found out about it sooner but I had to spend years of being very self-conscious. No deodorants would work for me, and the appearance of &quot;clinical&quot; deodorant on the store shelves was very disappointing for me because it didn&#039;t work any better than the regular ones.. I would only wear dark shirts, never bright colors, and usually a jacket/or hoodie over them. Always had very embarrassing pit stains and could never act freely and raise my arms in front of anybody. Well now, all those problems have just completely vanished overnight! I can wear anything I want and am very comfortable around people, worry-free! I use this product once every 2 weeks or so and it works like a charm."
"I was severely depressed for several months. My Dr. Tried everything that I could tolerate. I am on Trintellix &amp; Klonopin. I started on the sample pack up to 1 mg. I snapped out of the hard depression within 10 days. I felt super. I talked Dr. in to an increase to 2 mg. I was irritable and nervous. I went back on 1 mg. and was back to my happy self. I would highly recommend  Rexulti to anyone with hard to treat depression. This medication gets a full 10."
"I take one pill as soon as my aura begins. Treximet relieves the feeling of nausea, and light and smell sensitivity but it does not relieve the pain from the headache completely. I still have a slight headache for about 4hrs. I guess I should be thankful because the pain is not nearly as bad, but it%u2019s still there."
"I have tried almost every type of birth control out there and this is definitely my least favorite! I initially gained weight when switching from the ring to the pills and then switched to Levora from Sprintec and it&#039;s been a disaster. I gained more weight and can&#039;t get rid of it despite dropping to a 1200 cal/day diet and running/walking at least a mile 4 x week. I also have lost my libido almost completely (bad for a soon to be newlywed!) and have acne I haven&#039;t had in at least 6 years."
"I&#039;m 18 and I have Post traumatic stress disorder along with major clinical depression and anxiety. I was treated in a ward and they put me on this to help me with my nightmares. I&#039;ve had nightmares for a long time. This help a little. I used to have them every night but now I have them about twice a week maybe 3 times but it&#039;s much better than every night."
"I was put on this medication for trigiminis &amp; couplets that were picked up after a 24 hr holter monitor. I have had so many side effects eg; insomnia / migraines / sexual dyfunction / sweating and possibly more. It did however stop my heart going crazy, but can&#039;t deal with side effects doctor advised I can go off them."
"This is my third medication I&#039;ve tried for my anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder. I was first on fluvoxamine and Klonopin and those did nothing but make me a zombie. A month into Prozac while I was feeling the side effects of dizziness and whatnot everything just turned back on. Literally it&#039;s like someone turned the lights on. All I can say is it takes time, don&#039;t be discouraged. Also pay attention to what you take with it. I was on Zoloft and was getting extremely dizzy. Prozac doesn&#039;t agree with certain medications and definitely not caffeine. 
For the most part though I went from having panic attacks so bad they felt like heart attacks to being completely calm and &quot;normal&quot;."
"Being a survivor of Spinal Cord Injury &quot;lyrica&quot; has literally been a life savor for me. As a matter of fact, I&#039;m not sure if I would be able to live a normal life without it. Now, to the down side of &quot;Lyrica&quot;. Who can afford it? A 30 day supply for me is $500 a month. I am disabled and because phizer got greedy and paid off a superior court judge we can not obtain the generic version of the drug. That said, who&#039;s best interest is in mind I ask? The people or the man? The sad thing is that I know this will never be seen by the people that all know I&#039;m right and need the help like me but must suffer and live without medication that can change a persons quality of life. Thank you for allowing me to share. And if even one sees this. The riteone"
"I had appendicitis and the pain after I had surgery was horrible. I&#039;m the sort of person who hates taking medicine, but I gave in and took some. It worked very well. I&#039;m not sure if it was because I couldn&#039;t sleep because of the pain or that the Vicodin made me drowsy, but I fell asleep around 30 minutes after I took it every time. A few months later when I had my wisdom teeth out, I also took Vicodin and it let me get sleep then too. No other side effects."
"I am 23 and have had extreme anxiety/panic since around 20.  I am super sensitive to meds/ side effects.  I have tried so many AD and none have worked.  Recently I have tried Remeron but had to switch due to drowsiness- I have hypersomnia.  Lexapro by far has taken away my worrying mind more than anything which is amazing.  The first month was pretty horrid besides that though.  Constant nausea, yawning, worsened anxiety at first, headaches.  I still have some nausea and now I have noticed extreme drowsiness again. I really love how it helps my anxiety, but (like always) the side effects really bother me.  Try it out, get thru the 1st month. If you don&#039;t have bad side effects its the best anxiety med I have ever had.  Good luck!"
"My six month old had two doses before we had to stop due to GI issues. Over a week later and she still has painful gas and diarrhea. We&#039;re tired because she doesn&#039;t sleep well. Cefdinir should be illegal."
"I have been on the depo for 6 1/2 years. I love it! It works. AND No periods. No weight issues. No crazyness. About a week before I am due for my three month shot I will spot but it is no big deal. My doctor has recommended that I switch to a different birth control since I have been on this for so long and there is debate about bone mass being impacted after long term use. I am sad to switch honestly. I will be switching to mirena and am VERY nervous to try something different. I am only 22 so hopefully my body will adapt to mirena alright."
"What a life changer! I started Stelara 2 months ago.  It took about a month for me to start seeing some relief and now at the end of my second month, no more itching, redness,  and almost all of the psoriasis is gone. I only wish I had started this sooner! Make sure you check out the patient assistance card that can be used in conjunction with your medical insurance."
"Works as promised with no side effects. 
BM starts right away. Acts fast."
"I was using a walking stick 2 weeks ago. I don&#039;t feel like my legs are made of rubber anymore and am able to walk short distances without assistance. I am excited about this medication and the future of walking again. I am still working through the need to take an afternoon nap."
"First time purchaser of the Monistat 1 product and used it at 10pm. I decided to read reviews after I had used it and was immediatly mortified and waiting for the worst outcome, BUT I had no adverse reactions, no increased burning or itching. I felt relief after about 2 hours and complete relief in 48 hours. Worked great for me!!"
"This is super fast but it dries your skin out sometimes so I add vaseline, but it works very well. I&#039;ve tried everything else besides lasers or pills. Me and my mom use it. I&#039;m 23 male with moderate cystic acne."
"I have been using Vaniqa for many years and it has effectively decreased amount of my chin and lip facial hair, which formerly required painful monthly waxings. I only need to tweeze a couple of long chin hairs per month now -- easily accomplished. Very little cream required for thin, effective twice a day applications. Once had a bit of inflammation but I lowered amount of cream applied. Problem is the cost -- now $181 at Costco and more at pharmacy for a tube that lasts 3-4 months. Used to pay $50 for a tube half the size."
"I took this pill for three days after being on Loryna for 3 years. Needless to say I gained 5 pounds of water weight in those three days and threw up every single pill. I&#039;ve never felt so sick from medication. STAY AWAY."
"My insurance changed my prescription from OTC Lo to TriNessa.  TriNessa is effective in the sense that it has prevented unwanted pregnancy, however, for the last four months I have been on this medication, I have been feeling bloated and nauseous every single day.  For the first two months, I would take pregnancy tests because I thought I was pregnant.  I have changed the time I take this medicine from early morning to taking it at night before bed; I make sure I don&#039;t take it on an empty stomach. Nothing I have done seem to alleviate this problem.  This has not help the situation in the bed room.  I have this medication change to OTC Lo and just paid the high copayments monthly."
"Elavil really worked for the vulvadynia discomfort.  Unfortunately, it also made me super anxious and shaky, and I just couldn&#039;t tolerate it."
"I used it and felt better after the 2nd day."
"My experience with this medication is terrible. I have moved up to 40 mg daily. I have had a rapid heart beat all day. The mood swings are terrible, running nose, the sweats, body aching, headache and just feel very irritable the dreams are more like nightmares. I  am not sure how they still market this drug but I would not recommend this to anyone. It is not an anti depressant but an anti feel good product. I have never written a review before but feel so strong that other people should not get involved in this drug."
"Ok, I&#039;ve been diagnosed with Depression, Insomnia, insomnia induced night terrors, Agorphobia, and major anxiety disorder. I was first put on Klonopin, which took care of everything except my depression. My psychiatrist first put me on to try 4 different SSRI/SNRI&#039;s along with my Klonopin. Lexapro, Zoloft, Cymbalta, and Wellbutrin made my depression worse! So finally he put me on Xanax 1mg 3x daily along with my Klonopin 2mg 2x daily... and I finally feel normal again. Xanax is a great medication overall, 10/10!"
"I felt compelled to compose this review as I have been through 33 years of HELL.

Like many of you I was labelled as just depressed or anxious - nothing worked, CBT went over my head, SSRIs were ineffective etc.

I went on second line SNRI treatment and all hell broke loose! Cycling within minutes literally wanting to tear my own limbs off from frustration then the next minute obsessing over meaningless rubbish.

I had had enough of the NHS and my job was on hold having been off a considerable amount of time.

I decided to get a private psychiatrist and it was the best money I ever spent.

I fit the bipolar 2 spectrum to a millimetre of its criteria - now I knew that I wasn&#039;t insane. Lamictal has saved me from suicide literally!"
"I have had dry, cracked, sore and bleeding feet for years. 5 days after using this my feet are great!."
"I have had implanon since 08. This past October is my third one which will be 9years. I started out 105pds, which I stayed for 5 to 6 years I did gain weight after I stopped smoking. I am now 125pds. Not complaining. I was getting acne but blame smoking. My period was really the main frustrations 1 month of spotting very light panty liner period.  To 3 months no periods. Now I am  1 week  light periods 3 months no period. My only real concern here is that sometimes my periods are so light that  I only  know I&#039;m on is when it&#039;s found in my discharge often. No need for pads panty liner etc. Wanted to know if anyone else was experiencing this."
"I&#039;m 21 and have two babies. I had the Mirena inserted about 6 weeks after my son was born. Insertion was slightly painful but overall had few cramps that day. From there on after had unpredictable bleeding and bad mood swings bloating all the time even still today. My periods are light but the side effects constantly make me feel as if I&#039;m pregnant. I&#039;m have cravings and breakouts sometimes. My partner feels it during intercourse and he absolutely despises it I&#039;ve been seriously considering getting it removed but as for a long term birth control it&#039;s a good option but my side effects are awful. I&#039;ve had it now for 9 months. "
"I was having severe migranes and eyes would be sensitive to light, could not tolerate noise.  I found myself laying down most of the time in a ball with a headache.  I finally was sent to a Dr. that prescribed this medicine for me and what a relief.  My heachaches are under control but every now and then I get a flare up, but this is one of my preventive med&#039;s that I&#039;ve been receiving for years.  It works for me."
"Started April 5th.took around 8am and by 10:30 I had to stop work because extremely dizzy, nausea and wow so tired. Didn&#039;t take again for 2 days then tried again, this time I now take at 3am, go back to sleep so I sleep thru side effects.  3 days of doing this and so far so good..I do need an extra coffee thru day tho to keep awake. Have lost 2 lbs in week. Kind of scared going to 2 pills, may wait another week."
"After 20 years of constipation, and swallowing all the products on the market (MiraLax, Senakot, Phillips-ect), I think this Linzess product may be the answer. I have been on it for almost a week and today the diarrhea is gone. I notice that after I eat a meal, I get really bloated. I guess I need to give this medicine more time. I do hope this is my answer!"
"The drug works very well for the asthma but the side effects are overwhelming.  I experience severe anger and aggression and must stop the medication.  I have attempted to take the medication on several occasions due to necessity with serious asthma but continue to have the same side effects."
"This medicine has been very helpful. Has controlled my symptoms pretty well but does tend to make me a little drowsy at times."
"This drug had an very unpleasant side effect noticeable four days after my operation for a total hip replacement. First I had burning in the esophagus and stomach, followed by soreness around my mouth and lips, then burning spread to my back from my stomach.  Six days after the operation, I went out to eat, put an olive into my mouth - the experience was like throwing a match into a lighted fire.  Literally, my esophagus felt like it was on fire.  Doctor recommended taking Omeprazole.  Four days later, it was making no difference, I was being kept awake half the night with the burning.   I told my doctor I must stop Pradaxa (Dabagitran) - she prescribed Apixaban instead.
Burning reduced 1 day later, still sore inside, hope nothing lasting"
"I have used Ultram at night along with Xanax. It does allow me
more sleep than before. Usually around 4 hours. I do notice a 
headache, especially if I take a second dose later at night, I will wake with a headache. I&#039;ve bee taking it for about a year but do not notice any withdrawal if I miss any doses."
"I started Paxil 1 week ago and I have only had one little attack. It has given me more energy for work! But I do find myself going home after work and taking a nap! The only bad thing about it so far is I&#039;m clenching my jaw a lot causing my back teeth to hurt and can&#039;t really chew that well, may be why I am losing weight also! But it has made my life a lot easier so far! From before I&#039;d have to miss work because of my anxiety!"
"I have been on Suboxone now for exactly a year. I became addicted to pain pills after my doctor started handing them out like they were candy for my cramps. Needless to say the withdraws were horrible. I felt like I wanted to jump out of my skin. I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed, and was just not the person I used to be. The first day I took Suboxone I felt 100% better. I had some headaches the first couple of days of taking it, but those went away. "
"I&#039;m 37 yrs young with no kids I just had my implant taken out today and good riddens!  It was horrible I bled everyday on this I hated it! My OBGYN put me on a low dose estrogen bc pill in addition to the implant because of the constant bleeding. I gained 20 pounds even despite the fact that I am a vegetarian and workout 6 times a week. I&#039;m glad that thing is out! I&#039;m going to Skyla IUD."
"It relieves all my pain and I sleep easy."
"Made me dizzy."
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in April 2011. I started taking Lyrica beginning with a starter pack for one month by taking 75MG once a day for week 1. Week 2 and 3 increase 75MG twice a day. Week 4 was the starting point of what was going to be my prescription of 150MG twice a day. It seemed to give some relief but I honestly had more bad days than good. My doctor decided to try me with a drug called Namenda (used for Alzheimers) along with the Lyrica. It helped a little. Swelling, depression and severe weight gain has been a side effect. Cymbalta was then added for depression and pain. I still feel less energetic BUT not so depressed. 29lbs was gained within 3 months. "
"My doc prescribed Naproxen for my arthritic knees and hip, which I found almost ineffective. I was looking for a cheaper alternative and she let me try Meloxicam. Wow! I don&#039;t have knee pain any more and the hip pain is 80% better, and at a much, much lower cost to me. Some people do better on one or the other, so if one is not working for you, ask your doc to try the other."
"Been on this device since beginning of February, now August 3 2016. I started losing  my hair like crazy in the beginning, that has stoped. Gained a little weight but that&#039;s my fault for not eating right or exercising. Period wise I love . Didn&#039;t get my period till yesterday. It wasn&#039;t even a period more like spotting on and off &#039;ll day and today just brown discharge. I&#039;m guessing that was my period. I love it  sometimes I forget I even have it."
"I started using the pill for the first time 3 months ago due to TERRIBLE cramps, periods every 3 weeks lasting 7 days, extreme mood swings, and just overall miserable, painful periods. When I started on Sronyx I had nausea with mild headaches for the first couple of days. After that those symptoms went away. My periods still started on the 3rd week, so my periods lasted for 2 whole weeks. This happened for 3 months. I am switching to Seasonique, because I need a heavier dosage. Had Sronyx been a little stronger it would have worked well. My cramps were much more bearable and the bleeding was less. Overall it&#039;s a good pill, just not the one for me."
"I have had RLS since I was a child (now am 38).  Was on Clonazepam 1 mg as needed.  Switched sleep doctors and am now under the care of a neurologist who recommended Requip.  I started at 0.5mg and am now at 1.5mg.  I have to take it earlier and earlier because the RLS is so bad.  As I type this at 4:30 in the afternoon, I am ready to go get a saw and start cutting off at the knees!  I think I am going to go back on the Clonazepam.  This is miserable."
"This was my first BC as well, after being on this pill for 3 months my periods were more painful. I also noticed my sex drive went down as well as my energy. It&#039;s pretty normal about a week before my period I would have breast pain. But my breasts would be painful for 3 weeks or more before my period. I finally went the IUD route and am loving it. I have noticed how much happier I am! I would highly recommend anyone to not use this medication."
"If gaining weight isn&#039;t a big deal for you then go right ahead. I gave this birth control 2 chances! And both times I got FAT! Gained over 30 pounds with the depo shot. The first time I gave it over a year. My period completely stopped which was awesome, was effective since I never got pregnant. The only side effect was the massive weight gain. I got on another form of birth control and about 2 years later I decided to give the shot one more chance and this time maybe be more active and work out, eat better etc. sure enough no matter how healthy I ate or worked out I managed to still gain 30+ pounds. Will never get on the depo shot ever again. It took me about a year to naturally lose all the weight gain."
"About 13 hours after taking the pill, BOOM. The worst cramps and intestinal pains that I&#039;ve ever experienced. I sat on the toilet for 20 minutes in total agony trying not to wake anyone up. It felt like a rabid raccoon was trying to claw its way out from my bowels. It hurt so bad that I felt like I was going to throw up. At one point I thought &quot;okay, this is my limit, if it gets any worse, I&#039;m going to the ER&quot;

After several waves of this, it finally ended and now, 24 hours later, I&#039;m still having diarrhea and some cramping, but not as bad as last night.

LISTEN TO THE REVIEWS! This stuff is no joke! I took 2 tablets and I drank so much water. At least 7 or 8 glasses of water. It doesn&#039;t matter - you will get awful cramps.

Never again."
"I have Acne and Rosecea. I like to call my type of Rosecea, Emotional Rosecea. My cheeks stay a little pink all the time but if I get hot, embarrassed, mad or pretty much any other emotion except happy, my face and neck get BRIGHT red. I didn&#039;t get acne or rosecea until I was probably 24 but now that I am 30 it is awful, I can&#039;t do a presentation at work without panicking because I know my face and throat will get bright red. I have tried Orecea, Doryx, Photo laser beam treatments and Mirvaso with no success. (the Mirvaso actually made it worse after helping for about  weeks)  I finally went to a new dermatologist and he prescribed me Finacea...and I LOVE IT!!! My face is MUCH less red and a the acne is almost gone! Try it!!"
"Far fewer side effects than previous combinations I have been on, meaning a huge improvement in my day-to-day life.  CD4 count has rocketed while on Darunavir/Prezista!"
"I&#039;ve been on Bydureon for a year now. My HbA1c is running between 5.5 and 6.6. Every once in a while I will have nausea.  But rarely. The diarrhea isn&#039;t to bad and counter that with Imodium ad. Weight lose has stopped. Was 295lbs when I first started Bydureon a year ago. I am now stuck at 275. But Thanksgiving and Christmas, I&#039;m sure didn&#039;t help any. I&#039;m back on my strict diet. Of salads and turkey and tuna. So I&#039;m sure to lose more weight, from where I don&#039;t know because I&#039;m in decent shape. My blood sugars run from as low as 74 all the way up to 200. But mainly stay around 80 to 130.  It has gotten more expensive for me. I was paying $20 a month. Now it has jumped to $150 a month."
"I picked up this medication from the drug store today.  I read the information that came with this drug.  Seconds after I put a single drop in each eye, I had terrible, awful, and severe burning in my eyes, and my vision was impaired (cloudy).  That was two hours ago, and I have EXTREME feelings of pressure in my eyes and pain.  This is worse than the worst case of dry eye that I have had.  The only relief that I can get is to close my eyes.  I hope that the effects will diminish soon.  I will never put another drop of this stuff in my eyes again."
"Nuva Ring has had both negative and positive effects on me. First of all I actually LOST weight. I have an increased sex drive and have had no slipping and it has never fallen out. Unfortunately I have had more depressive periods and cramps have been horrible. But on the most important note I have been using it for a year and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. So it&#039;s done its job and the side effects haven&#039;t been unbearable. So if you are deciding whether or not to use this, the best advice I can give is do what is best for you and your body."
"I have been on Celexa for over a year, I was quite unstable when I started Celexa but after a few months between Celexa and Geodon I evened out to a pretty much numb stable state. I guess not feeling is better then feeling bad things all the time. I&#039;m not sure how to explain it but between my meds I usually feel like an observer of my body, not fully connected to any experience I am in...dreamlike I suppose. Now I have to switch because of the interaction between the two, so we&#039;ll hope the next one is at least equivalent."
"This has been the best medication for my glaucoma.  Stings a little, but has controlled my pressures.  I have not been able to use any of the drops such a Alphagan, Xalatan, etc. as I have an adverse reaction, i.e. migraine, drying and scratchy eye, very sensitive to light, etc."
"I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 yrs ago after years of suffering and take Lamictal and Seroquel but when Zoloft was added I haven&#039;t looked back. It has saved my marriage I had uncontrollable jealousy negative and suicidal thoughts  social anxiety and panic attacks. Now I stand at the school yard socialize and have started going out with my husband again. Have put some weight on but compared to how I felt it is worth it."
"Pataday is amazing. One little drop in each eye in the morning, and the redness goes away within seconds. Pataday definitely improves my vision throughout the day, especially during allergy season. And, you only have to wait 15 minutes before you can put your contacts in. I don&#039;t experience any side effects, except a thinner wallet."
"Switched from nurse-infused IVIG to Hizentra,with zero side effects on the former. Now, 2 months later, sinusitis and nasal misery move in at 5th day, maybe my dose is too low.  These old symptoms disappear a day or so after weekly self-infusion. Otherwise, all is well."
"If your reading this I know what your going thru. With or without medication therapy if you can make it to your 4th 24hours without using, you&#039;re out of the woods. I saw so many success stories posted here, you can do it too! Trust me don&#039;t give up. You&#039;re going to feel completely nuts for the first 3 days if ur going cold turkey - when u get to day 4 your good as new. If ur going the sub. route once you take your last bump or shoot that last shot of H. If u can just hold on for about a minimum of 16hrs from your last dose which should put u at about moderate withdrawal.. think of it as the last time you,ll EVER have to feel like this. Wait 16-18hrs (preferably 18hrs) then put that suboxone under your tounge n lay down. 10-20min later ur 100% golden"
"I have severe agoraphobia for 12 or so years. It&#039;s very hard to get outside. I have been on Prozac, Celexa, Zoloft, Paxil, Effexor and Buspirone. I have maxed out them all. Each one has stopped working so now I take Wellbutrin 150 twice a day, Buspirone 15mg 3 times and  Effexor 100mg 3 times a day. I was just taking Buspirone and Effexor and I still couldn&#039;t get outside. My doctor started me on Wellbutrin so now I take all 3 with no side effects. Took a few days for it to kick in now I can go out in yard to the store, but is still hard. But adding Wellbutrin helped a lot. I would recommend it if it doesn&#039;t help you can always go off it and try something else."
"This was the third adjusted medication - depression symptoms improved and by that time switched to Cymbalta. This was the best I had felt with the least amount of side effects. Insomnia is a problem."
"Was slightly uncomfortable during insertion, but not unbearable. Experienced mild cramping afterwards and spotted for the next several days. Was ok in the very beginning and has since maintained it&#039;s contraceptive purpose, but spotting began again and never stopped resulting in having to use panty liners daily and dealing with it irritating the skin. On top of this is hair lose, bigger appetite, irritability, cramping, and fatigue."
"I have been on this patch for almost 3 weeks.  I noticed stomach pain in the beginning and it&#039;s been steadily getting worse. I went to the ER thinking it was gallstones.  Nope.   So I took the patch off and will be following up with my family doctor.  This patch took away 60%-85% of my pain but the stomach pains are so bad it&#039;s just not worth it."
"All my family have used Doxycycline for malaria prevention. My son was ill on the second day, but this could have been totally unrelated. He was fine with continued usage."
"I&#039;m 18 years old. My acne started very severe when I was 16 and I was given medication by a dermatologist when it was at its worst. After a year, the pills stopped working and my face broke out with giant, dark red cysts. I was then prescribed Epiduo. Not gonna lie, it was painful at first; my face was the darkest shade of red, super flaky, and burned something awful. Applying lotion to try and stop the peeling stung and I was so embarrassed to go to school looking like I&#039;d gotten the worst sunburn ever. After a little over a month of this I became discouraged BUT I continued using it and I&#039;m glad I did. My face is no longer red and my acne is almost completely cleared up. STICK WITH IT! I&#039;ve been using it for over a year now. It works!"
"I have only been taking Zoloft for 5 days. Have not been as anxious or worried the past couple of days. I do take it in the morning so I do not have trouble sleeping. I do find that if I am tired during the day and want to take a nap, I can&#039;t sleep. The only other side effects so far are constant stomach upset and occasional diarrhea.  Hopefully these will subside, if not may have to switch to a different medicine.  Hopefully there will be no weight gain, as that would not be good."
"I&#039;ve been taking dexedrine spansules 15 mg 2 pills at a time, 2-3 times a day for about 30 years for narcolepsy.  I&#039;m currently 57 years old.  If it weren&#039;t for this Rx i would probably never leave my house.   Through the years i have tried various alternative meds only to find they don&#039;t work as well.  Among the alternatives tried are Adderall (made me actuallyy violent); Provigil (absolutely ineffective); and Nuvigil was worse than ineffective...because it gave me the sensation of being high. So i thought it was working and i got behind the wheel of a car...bad idea.  Changed back asap.  Been on the same dosage for 20 yrs.  Side effects:  for 10 min every day get bad dry mouth and anxious.  Cost is prohibitive."
"After being on Androgel for about a year and not feeling better I decided to switch to Testopel. Got my first implants of 10 pellets of Testopel 7 days ago and I still have the low testosterone symptoms."
"I just recently had my third Implanon inserted. I&#039;m lucky, I have had really no side effects from it. With my last two I had bleeding intermittently, not knowing when it would happen was probably the worst thing. I cannot attribute it to weight gain (although this did happen, but was soon resolved when I started at the gym!). I don&#039;t have mood swings or feel highly emotional, I don&#039;t get bad &#039;periods&#039; they are usually light. There are so many bad experiences had by many women and there usually aren&#039;t many good reviews put up. My sister got one, she was not so lucky with constant bleeding, so she got it out - I think she gave it 3 months. My opinion is give it a go if doctor thinks it&#039;s a good idea get it, you can always take it out again."
"Doxy works very well for me - no matter for what condition - but it makes me feel sick if 
I take it with dairy. I used to take it with yogurt. I learned to avoid dairy with, +/- 2 hrs before and after the med and I don&#039;t have problems anymore. Hope this helps. 
There is another trick. I have taken Doxy made in Europe and I never had any side effects - even when taken with yogurt. I have no explanation for this."
"I have been on this pill for several months now &amp; I would recommend this pill o anybody! The only side effect that is gave me is change in my appetite. One week I&#039;d eat like a pig and the next week I&#039;d eat like a bird! Although I ate like this I didn&#039;t gain any weight at all! Eating differently each week never bothered me."
"I am 21 years old and have never had children. I chose the Mirena because it is considered a super safe method of birth control, and because it is low maintenance. After reading many of the frightening reviews on various sites, I was petrified of the insertion process because I had read it to be so painful. Well apparently my tiny cervix didn&#039;t mind because I barely felt a thing. 2 minor cramps and it was over. This included local anesthetic injection, and clamping the cervix and everything and it was super easy. I think because I was so freaked out by what I read, I got very lightheaded about 10 minutes after it was all over. I was fine soon after, and experienced cramping afterwards. I recommend it. Do not be afraid!"
"I&#039;ve been on 2 other birth controls. But this one is the worst for me, granted everyone&#039;s body is different. This is giving me severe headaches, terrible mood swings and I got my period 3 times this month! On to the next!"
"This is my 3rd week.  The first and second week I had severe heartburn, I had never had it before and it is gone now.  Had some nausea a tiny bit the first week.  My cravings are pretty much gone and overeating? not a chance!! I am also doing weight watchers with it and it works great!! I have lost 10 pounds and I am more motivated than ever!"
"I have been taking nefazodone 100mg at night for years now in combination with Wellbutrin 150 mg in the morning.  I no longer suffer from debilitating anxiety and depression and am pretty well cured of the social phobia I used to have.  Nefazodone helps me sleep at night, does not affect my libido,  and I intend to take it as long as it&#039;s available as it has worked so reliably with minimal or no side effects.  Liver profile has remained normal."
"I have coughed as though I have not taken anything to help me. I am up all day &amp; all  night coughing. I have struggled to find rest, &amp; you don&#039;t heal by coughing without rest.  This was a waste of my time &amp; money to go to the Dr. My husband went out to buy me something at the drug store."
"I have been on Aubra for 1yr. This is my 2nd form of BC. 1st was implanon, had it for 2 months, couldn&#039;t deal with the spotting/crazy period. I haven&#039;t noticed any HUGE side effects on Aubra but there are some. I gained 10 lbs. My breasts feel sore the week before/the week of my period. I get minor mood swings/some depression, but nothing extreme. I break out a few days before my period, but I already had that problem previous to taking the pill. Sex drive remained as high as always. Head aches from time to time that I used to not get. No more severe cramps and my period is light flow and it only lasts 3/4 days, used to be heavy lasting 6 days. I am not pregnant so far so its worked. I have read it causes hyperpigmentation which I have above my brow"
"Finally some relief! I suffer from neck/shoulder pain due to a horrific auto accident years ago where my head hit the steering wheel so hard it bent it. I also suffer terribly from Fibromyalgia &amp; arthritis. I have tried Vicodin, Norco, Lortab, Tramadol, Oxycodone etc. as well as Lidoderm patch with absolutely no relief. Morphine worked well but I didn&#039;t like the side effects. My doctor suggested the Flector patch and altho I had little hope -- THEY WORKED!!  They don&#039;t take the pain away completely but do take it down to a manageable level (ie, from 8/9 to 4/5). My only complaint is that I can only wear 2 patches maximum and wish I could put a patch on every pain site. They are amazing!!"
"I was prescribed this yesterday at urgent care for a very slow growing allergic reaction since it was starting to affect my throat. I felt instantly better during the first day and dealt with the common side effects with appetite change and sweating which I was okay with.

When I woke up though on the second day though, my chest had unusual palpitations and it&#039;s making me lethargic and my mood is pretty numbed.

My doctor warned me of all the side effects, but the palpitations aren&#039;t a part of it so I&#039;m worried. If it doesn&#039;t get better before I take my second pill for the second day I&#039;m going back.

It sucks because this medication was really working. I&#039;d rather have prednisone instead, that worked before and less effects."
"When I first started Victoria I got very sick.  I waited a week and tried it again. This time I made sure I had very light food. I had bought some pudding and jello (sugar free). I also had some ginger ale on hand because that settles my stomach. Started with the .6 and had nausea for the first 4 days. Then felt fine. Then went to the 1.2 again nausea for 4 days. Now I am doing the 1.8. I have lost 13 lbs in 6 weeks and I feel great. I also have been drinking a lot of water to help with the constipation. Thank-you Victoza."
"I have been with psoriasis for the past ten years.  I went to 3 different doctors, specialist. I treated for an anti fungus condition, and I was also treated for ringworms too. I have tried everything apparently available on the shelves, and it cost me so much money too.  

Went online and found a clinic. With only positive reviews.

give it a go, and I was prescribed Methotrexate- for only five days.

I swear my skin has cleared 85 percent.  No itchy, tiny patches.  All my friends haven&#039;t stop complimenting me.  Now I must say that I have been using only paraben free kinds of stuff for hairs and body and kept moisturizing with Aveeno. (no peanuts at all)it&#039;s a super trigger for psoriasis- my laundry is also washed with only baby products."
"I just started Armour today and I&#039;m on cloud 9! Was just diagnosed 6 weeks ago with Hashimoto&#039;s and have been on 3 different meds. 1st Naturethroid,  next Levoxyl, then on to Synthroid. All gave me HORRIBLE side effects. I felt like I was putting poison in my body every morning. But today I feel like I hit the jackpot with Armour. Feel like my old self again.... I have energy, no body aches, and I can think clearly!"
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for close to 8 months now. I have had a few heavy periods but just mainly constant spotting and heavy discharge. I haven&#039;t had a period in a month and a half, or spotted so I&#039;m hoping this means the periods and spotting are over. I was pretty miserable for a while but I am pretty confident in the effectiveness of this now. I honestly think its worth all the side effects that come with it. It honestly just depends on the person though. Each person has a different experience with it but I think it&#039;s definitely worth a shot."
"Like many of these other readers I&#039;ve had the same experience.  I was given samples to try by a dermatologist and I applied it on a Saturday afternoon.  Sunday afternoon I looked in the mirror and was in shock.  My face was super blotchy and a very intense red spottiness.  Definitely worse looking that it had ever been initially.  It almost leaves skin with a withdrawal type symptom.  I cannot afford laser treatment and I do not know where else to turn as I wake up every morning like this and am having to rely on this lotion to clear my face to be presentable at my job."
"Twice I&#039;ve had dry coughs that weren&#039;t helped by OTC syrups. In each case it felt as though I had a bit of dust adhering to wall of my throat. I went for several days without decent sleep because of all the coughing each night. I was miserable. In both cases hydrocodone (once in pill form and once Hycodan syrup) cured the cough and I was able to get a decent nights sleep. If you ever have bronchitis that keeps you up all night coughing, don&#039;t waste time being miserable. Go to a doctor."
"I was given Valium intravenously for light sedation during a quick medical procedure. It worked very well, but about 30 minutes after the i.v. was removed I became very irritable and depressed and craved more.  It also caused a slight temporary personality change in me that lasted the rest of the day.  "
"My 7 year old son has been on Vyvanse for a little over a month.  We have been well pleased with the overall outcome.  He is now able to focus in school and actually sits down and completes his homework without argument. Much calmer in public, unlike before.  Downside, he has lost 4 pounds in a month and becomes very emotional if taken off for the weekend and put back on.  After 1 1/2 months, my son now has developed eye tics.  We have stopped the medication and the eye tics are beginning to subside."
"I have been taking Temazepam for about 2 years now. It was originally prescribed for me for a two week term but I am continually prescribed it. It works very well to help me fall asleep and somewhat stay asleep. One out of three times I will find myself waking up in the middle of the night, tossing and turning, but that&#039;s not a big deal because I still get enough sleep. I have tried taking it and going to bed right after, but that does not work for me. I usually will wait an hour or so, and then I feel it hit me and I am sleeping within 5 minutes. You do need to be careful though on how long you wait after taking it (depending on the amount taken) because you WILL do things that you wont remember when you wake up. Overall great!"
"After cataract surgery my eye pressure became elevated and took a long time to get it lower
the eye doctor also said it looked like the muscles around the eye resembled glaucoma and
put me on Alphagan for two months  three weeks on the medicine my eyes became very sensitive to bright lights, irritated and inflamed with blurred vision, I was put on several other types of eye drops but they
all made it worse and it has been 7 months since  and no relief"
"Omg just had my first lot of Moviprep and I feel so sick
Nothing yet only gurgling stomach
It does say it takes an hour to work
Will take 2nd dose tonight "
"I took it for a little over a week. I thought it may need a week for it to set in. It didn&#039;t stop my allergies at all, in fact, it worsened shortly after use. I had light nausea and heavy migraines shortly after taking it every day. I stopped taking it cause it was ineffective and due to the side effects. I&#039;ve had allergies for almost a year. I&#039;m going to try something else (Alavert). Claritin, Allegra, Flonase, Equate, Zyrtec, Benadryl, and Nasonex have all failed me so far."
"Very good for female swelling at that time of the month don&#039;t over look this natural helper"
"Let me start by saying that I love this birth control. I started taking it at the age of 14, I&#039;m 24 now, and have never had any pregnancies! I have taken it at 8pm every night, and that has worked wonders. I notice that if I do not eat something with the pill at night, I am WAY more likely to wake up and feel sick. Now that I know what to do it&#039;s not really an issue anymore. I never gained any weight, and didn&#039;t notice any out of ordinary mood swings. Breasts did get bigger though! I tried a generic version of this about 5 years ago and had TERRIBLE results. I&#039;m so scared to try it again, but I can barely afford the $150 it costs every month for this pill. Please lower the price!! It&#039;s a wonderful product!!"
"Didn&#039;t have the prostatitis this was prescribed for, did however suffer from side affects for the past 3.5 months. Have just finally been able to walk around normally, still can&#039;t carry heavy things or exert myself. This is poison, avoid if you can. They don&#039;t give out black box warnings to every drug, do your research and don&#039;t take this medication unless absolutely necessary 

I took 3 1000mg pills , dose of 1 per day"
"Into my 5th day...Pain  relieved after two full days, but still have infection, mucus still yellow/green, and still feel like crap, although better.  No side effects from med, which is good, but would have expected to feel much better by now.  Four more days to go on med."
"After two years of going off and on the nicotine patch I attempted cold turkey. 6 hours into my cold turney attempt my husband informed me he was going to mow the lawn, my completely uncalled for hyper emotional response was to burst into tears...needless to say, I didn&#039;t respond well to the cold turkey attempt. After complexity giving up the idea of quitting, my sister informed me that she was succeeding using nicotine gum, so I gave it a try-two weeks after starting I am smoke free and have zero doubt that I will succeed! The gum takes a few days to get used to. Make sure and read the directions and follow them to a T. You&#039;re not supposed to &quot; chew&quot; this gum like regular gum. If you do, it will make you nauseous and burn your throat."
"I see alot of people complain about bad period pains, cramps, etc. But I have had the implant for over a year now and haven&#039;t had any of the symptoms other people I see on here are having. Don&#039;t let those comments scare you; everyone has a different body, not everyone will have the same outcome! I love my implant. I haven&#039;t had a problem with it since I got it. Yes, I had the obnoxious periods here and there but I haven&#039;t had a period in about 5-6 months now! I have had the weight gain, but that&#039;s my fault too cause I suck at exercising. I also have very mild breast pain, nothing unbearable. Don&#039;t read the comments and automatically assume the worse is going to happen to you! I love my nexplanon!"
"I doubt I can do a better job of explaining how awful the side effects of this medicine are than the other women here. Just don&#039;t do it."
"I&#039;ve only been on this pill 3 weeks and today I had a complete breakdown. I have been bleeding ever since I have taken the first day and today I was downright angry and crying  and could not function. All for no reason. I am stopping this pill immediately. I have also been so bloated that I feel like I am pregnant all over again and I was starting to finally feel good about myself again since I had my son 6 weeks ago. And like others my milk supply has pretty much dried up! Terrible"
"I have used Lunesta for five years now, and I am so glad. I have been a chronic insomniac for the entire time due to anxiety and depression from my husband&#039;s long illness and death (PTSS), and Post Menopausal Syndrome that hit the same time my husband died. Just ghastly. Most physical and mental symptoms are gone now, but I still can not sleep or rest without this pill and I have tried and still do practice all the recommended actions (like a cool room; don&#039;t eat after five in the afternoon, etc.). If your stomach is even half full at bedtime, it does not work nearly as well. I do not experience any adverse physical or mental symptoms, including any bad taste using this medication. Getting enough rest is so important to me."
"I&#039;ve been taking Trinessa for about 2 and a half months. The first week upon taking it, I had severe abdominal pain and headaches. I was hungry all the time but, due to the warning that I would have increased cravings, I controlled it rather well. It seemed to get better throughout the month, my face was clearing up, I had energy again, but I still got minor to severe pains on a regular basis. My period came after three days of being on the inactive pills and lasted 4 days. My cramps improved drastically and I was still hormonal, just less. I started back on the pills again and the first day I experienced extreme nausea and vomited. The nausea has continued to follow me for the past weeks, now I am looking into the Nuvaring."
"I&#039;m taking Topamax 200mg daily for Bipolar Disorder and I love this medication. It&#039;s changed my life and made me able to function again where other medications for bipolar disorder has not! The only reason I did not give it a ten is because sometimes it still makes my face and lips go numb and I get a twitch on the left side of my face, but honestly, I&#039;ll take it compared to how horrible my life was before."
"I am a healthy 39 year old AA mom of 3.  I was diagnosed with high blood pressure after a stressful divorce and other life changing events.  My doctor gave me samples of 10mg Bystolic.  I went from 195/150 to 120/80-textbook.  I take Bystolic in the morning on an empty stomach and it has a calming effect so I was also able to eliminate Valium and Xanax from my life!  I feel amazing.  The only side effect I&#039;ve noticed is my left arm feeling like it&#039;s &quot;thinking&quot; about falling asleep.  I&#039;m okay with that as long as it&#039;s not tingling, numbness or pain associated with the stroke I might be having were I not managing my blood pressure.  I also find that I can no longer make it off my normal 4-5 hours of sleep.  I need 7-8 or I fall asleep in the middle of a sentence (LOL)."
"Worked for sleep but I ran out one time and realized I got very, very depressed on it. Plus had joint and jaw pain all the time. Took 2 years to figure out what caused it."
"Claravis cured my severe acne by 98% within 6 months of use. I had bad red swollen and under the skin pimples, as well as blackheads, whiteheads, and little pimples all over for 4 years through middle school and some of high school. The only reason I didn&#039;t rate this a 10 is because of the side effects. To me, it was well worth it. I had SEVERE dry skin on my face, and burned easily in the sun. The worst side effect by far was dry lips and nose. My lips were constantly dry and cracking to the point of bleeding, I had to use vitamin E oil and finally found that Aquaphor worked well for lips and nose. Nostrils were dry, burning but only rarely cracked and bled. That was 6 years ago. I&#039;m 21 now and my acne never came back."
"Into my second year on this and very pleased. The first two months adjusting were definitely a bit tough: nausea, headache, breast tenderness, bizarre acne. I stuck it out and very glad I did! After those two months, zero side effects. No period, no weight gain, nausea, cramps, or breast tenderness... Nothing! In fact, I&#039;m 37 &amp; I&#039;ve lost 20 lbs while on it. And most importantly, it&#039;s been effective in preventing pregnancy!"
"Was given Zofran for nausea in Recovery Room before going to same-day surgery unit prior to release.  Ended up with nausea, dizziness, vomiting &amp; shivering. After 2nd vomiting episode I  was given Phenergan &amp; was able to be released in another couple of hours."
"I&rsquo;ve been on saxenda for 2 weeks and 5 days and I&rsquo;ve already lost 10 lbs.  I am on 1.8 dosage.  I have a doctor appointment next week and maybe he will increase the dose at that time. Also, I haven&rsquo;t been exercising either. I&rsquo;ve been averaging between 1000 to 1200 calories a day. My starting weight was 220 lbs. as of this morning I&rsquo;m 210 lbs.  I&rsquo;ve tried every weight loss program you can imagine and nothing has come close to this weight loss. I have a long way to go to get down to my goal weight. It will be interesting to see if this weight loss continues at this pace. I&rsquo;m really hopeful.  I will update this post if I can find it again."
"I have been on Ortho Cyclen for over two years now and it has been great for me.  It controls the hormonal acne I used to get on my jaw and makes my periods light and much less painful than without it (I still get cramps the first day).  Before Ortho Cyclen, I had tried a couple other brands of birth control (even Ortho Tri-Cyclen), but I had negative side effects on them.

Please don&#039;t give up if you are looking for a birth control.  Ortho Cyclen might not work for you, but maybe it will.  It&#039;s worth a shot in my opinion."
"Felt great 2 hours after starting benicar, only had pre-hypretension but I needed something to help lower pressure. I hope I continue to feel as good as I do now."
"This is the first medicine I&#039;ve tried for blood pressure, and it works to lower blood pressure but the side effects are many. I will get this changed today when I see doctor.( side effects - loose stools- tired feeling- unproductive cough- night sweats)."
"I used this for several years with good results.  Only problem was I metabolized the medicine too quickly and the third day was more painful.  My decidedly low-tech solution was to remove only 2/3 of the backing plastic the first couple days, then remove the last bit for the third day.
I take extended release morphine now and it works just as well.  It&#039;s a toss-up between wearing the giant patch and dosage issues verses remembering to take a pill every 8 hours. "
"Very very horrible. Made me gain so much of weight. And kinda messed everything up as well, period was late for two weeks and barely bleed when I did get my period. A lot of water retention and bloating. So much for less side effects."
"I started taking Stribild on August 8th, 2013. When I was diagnosed my viral load was around 160,000 per mL and my CD4 cell count was around 250. I went in for blood work on September 5th, 2013. I went in the next week to get my results and I am so astonished. My viral load is undetectable (less than 20 copies per mL of blood) and my CD4 is around 650. This medicine is not as harsh as I thought it was going to be. It is a very aggressive medicine on the virus but I take it at night with a meal. If there are any side effects I sleep them off. Only twice did I ever wake up feeling nauseous which I was able to fix with Pepto-Bismol."
"Hi nice people with high blood press...Me 2..I have been on this Amlodipine almost 1 month..I think after reading your Helpful comments I&#039;ll stop.  I&#039;m scared as my Blood Press is 170/90 and lower and higher.  I just lost 20 Pounds and need to lose another 20 hoping weight loss will lower BP.  I have hypoglycemia and lately I noticed my PULSE was extremely HIGH and my heart raced so fast I was terrified.  I&#039;m pretty healthy and eat OK.  I never had racing heart before just now since I started with this Med.  I&#039;m very concerned and I&#039;m not a  BIG PHARM  meds person. I rather do the healthy way.  Best wishes to all who read this. Thank You, Connie"
"This drug has helped keep outbreaks to a minimum. I rarely, if ever suffer with this horrible disease anymore. I&#039;m 68, and had my first outbreak at age 28. At first I only took the medicine when I noticed the first signs of an outbreak. For me, that was a pain in my upper leg, like I had pulled a muscle. It worked ok, but didn&#039;t completely keep the outbreak from happening. For more than 20 years now, I&#039;ve been taking 400MG&#039;s 2 times a day. Good effective medicine? Perhaps. It could also mean that when I was younger there was more sexual activity and more stress = more outbreaks."
"My son started Focalin 10mg about 3 weeks ago. He does great in school but I have noticed when Focalin wears off his moods explode. He gets aggravated  at the drop of a pin. He has also told me his stomach hurts all the time."
"Dermatologist prescribed Elidel for facial itching, burning, redness plus swelling, dryness, cold sore, especially serious scaling around mouth &amp; on lips. I have had all kinds of skin cancer on face, legs &amp; chest, plus a melanoma on thigh. When I read the side effects on your site &amp; others, I chose not to use Elidel. It was too risky for me. I am an 81-yr-young female. Due to the extreme burning of most of my face, I rubbed it with ICE CUBES which gave me awesome relief, enabled me to sleep without itching &amp; scratching. Outbreak cleared up within 2 weeks."
"I love this stuff... I actually use a different medication for my body called Stelara and I love that product as well. But this is a good back up for special occasions when I want to let my hair down! I spray several days before the event and I am almost clear. I spray before bed and sleep with it in my hair and then around noonish I wash my hair! Also don&#039;t wear nail polish while applying, It will be like nail polish remover. Great product."
"I was diagnosed with acid reflux at 14 and always had heartburn. But after a while pain accompanied the heartburn and began to wake me up in the middle of the night and would not let me go back to sleep. My doctor assumed it was an ulcer and decided to put me on Pepcid AC and Nexium, one tablet each a day. I was still in a quite a bit of pain. and when I went to see a specialist they preformed an endoscopy and found that i had a severe case of gastritis. They prescribed me Zegerid and the difference was unbelievable. After about a week I was completely pain free. No more heartburn or pain. But I always have to make sure I take it once a day or else ill pay for it the next day. Overall, I don&#039;t know what I would do without it."
"I had very hard impacted stools that I tried to expel for several hours. My husband bought magnesium citrate and I drank the entire 10 oz bottle. Nothing happened - so I got into a warm bath and I finally was able to get rid of it one inch at a time. (sorry to be so disgusting). Well, 6 hours later, the diarrhea started and went on every 2-3 minutes until I went to bed. I got up this morning and felt better, but again, I have diarrhea and it explodes from me. 
So, the only thing this drug did for me was to give me diarrhea so I will never use it again. Hopefully, if I stay away from cheesey food, I won&#039;t need anything like this."
"Wonderful medicine, but beware of withdrawal if you have to get off the medicine. I had to when I lost my insurance and I had severe withdrawals ranging from brain shocks (feeling like on a constant merry-go-round), severe nausea, suicide thoughts, anger outbursts, extreme confusion. These lasted for about 6 weeks."
"I had sex the day my period had ended, so I was not fertile. While having sex, the condom had slipped off inside of me. I was super paranoid about any cum coming out so I took plan b about 12 hours later. I had symtoms about two days later - moody, nausea, fatigue. About a week later I then bled for three days, and it wasn&#039;t my regular period. My normal period did not come at the expected time. It was about two weeks late until I got it! I took a pregnancy test when it was a week late and it came out negative. The pill does mess up your cycle. Super scary experience, but try to relax! You&#039;ll be fine!"
"I grew up with anxiety but as I got older it turned in to social anxiety and really turned me into an ugly person... I started feeling super insecure about my appearance, had uncontrollable obsessive thoughts, weird fantasies, I believed I wasn&#039;t normal.... after getting sick of feeling so insecure and anxious, I know something was wrong with me. My doctor prescribed me 10mg of Paxil for the first 2 weeks, and 20mg after. I&#039;m now 4 months and a few days in, and I&#039;m starting to feel much more calmer, my attitude towards life is positive!!I&#039;m starting to talk more in class and it&#039;s gradually getting better. The first 2 months where hell"
"I have extreme mixed feelings about this drug. At the age of 5, I was diagnosed with Precocious Puberty. My endocrinologist suggested I start Lupron, and I did. It did exactly what it was supposed to do.. I quit growing taller, and stopped puberty-like symptoms. One problem- I did not grow taller, but I was still eating. I gained a lot of weight, but the doctors promised that once I quit the shots everything would even out.  I quit the shots after 7 years of treatment, and it did not &quot;even out&quot;. The weight gain caused Insulin Resistance, which also played with my hormones, and led to Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome."
"I had a really bad cough that came along with a sinus infection and pharyngitis(whatever that is) and this didn&#039;t help one bit. Didn&#039;t help me sleep or take the edge off the cough. It smelled like pineapple/tropical fruit but tasted like floor cleaner smells."
"At first it was wonderful. The tremors stopped within 24 hours. The dose was 60 mg in a capsule. After 2 weeks nasty side effects started happening. 
First was vomitting and diarrhea. Then anxiety, nervousness, trouble sleeping, difficulty talking, and poor memory and concentration.
2 days ago my doctor reduced the dose to 40 mg/day. I still feel miserable but will try the lower dose for another few days.
Can you give me any advice? Would there be a problem with just stopping the medication?
I also take prozac daily."
"I started taking Ortho almost two decades ago because of my heavy and prolonged bleeding. I have never had any problems, noticeable side-effects, or complications. I only had one period per month and it didn&#039;t last more than 7 days. 

To my surprise, my coverage made me switch to the &quot;new&quot; generic Tri-Lo-Sprintec and the pharmacy assured me it is &quot;exactly the same.&quot; 

It is not. 

I have never felt so depressed for no reason, anxious, angry, exhausted, disconnected... I don&#039;t feel like myself and feel like a crazy-person. I&#039;m having trouble focusing. I also have a weird rash on my chest and experienced sudden weight gain. 

I hate this pill and it is definitely NOT the same as Ortho. Don&#039;t make the same mistake I did!"
"I got the injection on a Thursday and it was very sore hard to lift things and I got chills along with back pain also the following Tuesday I was at work and I got this intense itchy feeling at the injection site when I checked it I had a huge red hard half dollar size welt on the injection site. When I checked it again on wed. I saw it had doubled in size. I have been icing it and going to see my doctor if I wake up this Thursday and it still hurts and has gotten larger"
"Life time insomnia, 5 mg ambien is good for me.  One half hour before bedtime I take 5 mg, turn off tv, put books aside, computer is off and I am in bed.  Generally wake up 7 hrs later thanking the sleep Gods for a good night!"
"I don&#039;t know about others, but this is a god send to me.  I have very, very bad asthma. Walking up a few stairs can wind me, as can walks (which I love doing), and exercising is extremely difficult. The pains from asthma problems can hurt quite a bit. I got on Advair and my dependency on my albuterol inhaler dropped from 2-3  times a day to maybe once a week.  I was off of it for years because of insurance companies dropping it, and then not having insurance.  I&#039;m back on it now (after Primatene mist went off the market), and I&#039;m doing great again.  It hasn&#039;t kicked in to effect fully, but I can already feel its effects.  The side effects can be bad for some people, but I&#039;m a testament to how awesome it is."
"Had the Mirena inserted 2yrs ago, 3mths after having my daughter via c-section. I had a monthly period still. I had cramping every now and then, like sharp pinching feeling. My IUD checks seem that it was in the right place just a bit lower in the cervix. I&#039;ve had pregnancy symptoms this last month. I even missed my period. Well I went to the hospital the other day since I was having contractions. I wasn&#039;t pregnant, but my contractions were strong enough that it was pushing the Mirena out. The doctor examined me and said it would have came out within a couple weeks. It was very low. "
"I  have Peroneus Brevis Tendonitits and was prescribed Voltarin for 21 days, 4 times per day, with icing.  I felt minimal improvement for the first ten days, then nothing further.  A month after starting the treatment, my foot is in no better condition than it was when I started."
"Was given 1 unit every 6 hours in ICU after a fempop bypass.  Effect was literally in seconds after injection.  Pain was gone.  But my heart rate and BP dropped to the point I had to undergo cardiac monitoring.  They thought it had triggered s heart attack."
"As your doctor may direct, it&#039;s sometimes necessary to reapply permethrin one or two weeks after the initial treatment. "
"Very expensive but works for me. I just take one a day."
"My doctors keep pushing this drug on me. Doesn&#039;t do a thing. I have osteoarthritis in my left knee after being assigned to USMC units for a number of years as a Navy Corpsman. Carrying over 80 lbs of gear on your back not including weapon, flak and Kevlar. Doin multiple humps and running like the wind has taken it&#039;s toll. But this drug does not work for me. The only thing it does is make me tired."
"This medicine is a Godsend. I suffer from SEVERE motion sickness (cars, planes, boats, trains, etc...) Bonine/Dramamine don&#039;t work for me at all. I tried the Scop patch and I couldn&#039;t believe it, no motion sickness! I was able to make it being a passenger in the car going down the entire pacific coast highway without even feeling slight nausea. If you know what that road is like, you know how crazy that road is for someone with motion sickness. Side effects were light, slight dry mouth, slight dilated pupils, not much drowsiness. Only negative is the withdrawal I had after using 3 patches one after the other, but that was easily controlled with Dramamine. A    "
"I&#039;ve been on TriNessa for 3 months now. This birth control has taken away my menstrual cramps which is a plus but it has made my acne the worst it&#039;s even been in my life and I&#039;ve never had such low self esteem. Personally would not recommend it, but it works differently for everyone."
"This drug keeps me from craving oxycotine and helps me lead a more productive life"
"I love Loestrin. It&#039;s actually made me look thinner, the only weight I gained was in my boobs which is a good thing to me and it has helped with my periods. I don&#039;t have to take Advil or anything during my periods anymore. I used to have to take around 6 a day because my periods were so bad. It has put me in a better mood since I&#039;ve taken them. I&#039;m still a girl and still have my moody days but they aren&#039;t nearly as bad as they were. I love it!"
"I was first prescribed this while on vacation in Australia.  It helped immediately.  So, I asked my doctor in the U. S. to prescribe it, so I could have it onhand for bladder infections.  Was lucky to have it yesterday, Friday, at 5 p.m. after the doc was gone for the weekend and a bladder infection came on!  The pain, burning, and pressure subsided in an hour or two, and it&#039;s only a 3-day treatment protocol.  The side effects for me are just a little feeling of fatigue.  Highly recommend!"
"I was put on Lexapro for depression. I also had a bad case of obsessive compulsive disorder and a little anxiety. Lexapro did wonders for me. I am rarely sad anymore. My OCD is almost gone. I feel a lot better about myself. I used to be very shy and insecure because of my anxiety. But now, I&#039;m more confident and able to talk to people without feeling so anxious and scared."
"I was on this pill for about a year and a half, and at first I would have light spotting for normally a month or so which was quite annoying, however it was light enough to tolerate. After being on this pill for about 3 cycles, I discovered the trick to getting rid of the spotting is to take it within the hour every day. My periods were 3 days long on the dot when I was on my inactive pills, and we&#039;re not too heavy. Considering I never missed a pill in the whole time I was on this and did not get pregnant with a regular sex life and not using another form of contraception, it does seem to be very effective. With my last cycle taking it always within an hour, I had almost no spotting at all."
"okay so the night before I got the skyla I read tons of negative reviews but I can honestly say this is the best thing I could have done for myself! I was always forgetting to take the pill so this sounded like a good option. the procedure wasn&#039;t as bad as people made it out to seem. the only uncomfortable part was when the doctor measured my cervix but it only lasted 30 seconds. I felt light headed after but it went away in less than a minute. I barely had any cramping and it&#039;s day three and i feel amazing!!! 10/10 would reconmend"
"Have been taking Nucynta for a few days. I was on Oxycontin with Oxycodone for break-through, but since the Oxycontin was changed in February to tamper-proof, it doesn&#039;t work very well anymore. When I take Nucynta, it makes me feel like a zombie, it only works for 3 hours for pain, when it is supposed to be 12 hours. I feel like I can&#039;t breathe, and get anxiety. It doesn&#039;t help me when waking in the morning from taking the night before like Oxy does. It seems everyone says to let it build up but it is hard since I can&#039;t get up in the morning to go to work. I will give it more time to see if it gets any better."
"My  lower back pain was getting worse. I couldn&#039;t put on my shoes anymore. I started a treatment with Methylprednisolone and within the first day 70% of my mobility returned. I couldn&#039;t believe it. It&#039;s great!"
"I took the first 30mg dose of Cymbalta and had bad side effects almost immediately.  I felt dizzy and felt like I was passing out.  I only took the one dose but have had insomnia for the past 48 hours.  Lying awake feeling agitated and anxious."
"When my OBGYN switched my birth control pill to LoSeasonique in an attempt to relieve my severe cramps and menstrual migraines I was hopeful.  During my 3 month trial, I found that the severity of my migraines intensified and spotting was equal to that of a light period.  I understand that spotting may occur and should decrease over time; however I was forced to wear a panty liner every day (sometimes 2/day!) for 3 months.  I am no longer taking LoSeasonique."
"I had been very constipated since I started dieting and losing weight. I was hardly pooping at all and it was making my stomach feel very uncomfortable. I started taking miralax but that takes days to work for me. So for immediate relief I picked up some mag citrate. I drank the whole 10 ounce bottle lemon flavor. It tasted tolerable but not great. After 2 hours still no results so I drank 3 big glasses of water and bam, after 10 more minutes I was on the toilet. This WILL give you watery diarrea so be prepared but the relief is amazing"
"I&#039;ve treated my lupus (scale with periodic discoid patches) with clobetasol + plaquenil + occasionally prednisone. As a last-ditch effort to avoid another round of prednisone, I tried Elidel.  The first time I put it on my skin, I thought, &quot;This feels so good,&quot; but didn&#039;t want to get my hopes up. Within 48 hours, my stubborn flared-up skin that had been unfazed by clobetasol was transformed. I started googling this miracle drug Elidel and came across this site. I so hope this cream helps others with lupus."
"My face was horrendous before I used (ro)Accutane, to the point I couldn&#039;t see out of my left eye due to the level of spots/boils I had swelling up and becoming one. I noticed a difference on Accutane after a month or so, but the real improvements start after approximately 2 months depending on how bad you have it (mine was really bad and aggressive). I would definitely recommend reading the book of side effects you are given, I am &quot;lucky&quot; as I only really suffered with depression, which as most of us know you do so if you have acne anyway. One recommendation is not going in direct sun light until a month or so after finishing the treatment, and finding a very good face and lip moisturiser and these 2 parts will become very very dry!"
"I was prescribed Mononessa to attempt to get my hormones back in check. As if I wasn&#039;t already feeling bad before...boy did this birth control make me feel even worse! Constant nausea, stomach pains, hot flashes, headaches, insomnia, weight gain, bloated, the only positive it gave me was a lighter period but it wasn&#039;t worth it with all the side affects. Stopped it today, and I can&#039;t wait to start feeling better again."
"The first dose was rough, I was pretty nauseated by it but did not vomit. I spent about three hours in the bathroom and was able to get some sleep before my last dose at 4 am. With the approval of my doctor, I took a dose of zofran one hour before my second dose and this one went down much easier. No nausea and the taste didn&#039;t bother me as much. Colonoscopy is in four hours. Let&#039;s hope this prep did the trick!"
"I have found soma to be very helpful, even more helpful than narcotic medications for muscle sprain."
"Lexapro is a double edged sword for me. I can finally live, now that I have it, free of anxiety. However, I can no longer live without it. I have tried numerous times to wean, all to no avail. So far after about 6 years of use, my labworks are still all fine and normal. Hopefully this will never change."
"So far only been a week, but I can&#039;t stop bleeding. I&#039;ll give it a month, but if the bleeding doesn&#039;t stop then I will probably take it out. First time on birth control at 30. So far no other negative side effects aside from the bleeding (moderate) and moderate cramping. Effective as birth control, but I got the implant because I heard that some women might stop having their periods, and thought it would be hassle-free. I will just go back to condoms if the bleeding does not stop. Will keep everyone posted."
"Hi. I have taken the pill for 26 days. The 27th, I have decided to stop! I have been bleeding heavily for 26 continuous days, plus cramping, headaches, absolute lack of libido, bigger sore breasts, need to sleep 5 extra hours per day (naps all the time), extreme sadness, vaginal dryness despite the bleeding, heavy legs, general growing fatigue and incapacity to function normally! I switched to another pill (Lolo from Actavis), and so far so good. I am thankful for the reviews here because I did not feel alone or getting crazy with such painful side effects. The extreme sadness was really odd. Lolo is not a mini-pill, but it has a low amount of oestrogen. I am hopeful. I could not move with Micronor despite being very active normally."
"I got the Skyla inserted in November of 2015 due to my doctor thinking it was a better option for me since I am forgetful of the pill. The birth control part has done well but the side effects and pain of it is totally not worth 3-5 years of birth control. I have not felt myself ever since and My periods are excruciating. I used to never cramp and now I feel terrible when I am about to start and start my period. Not to mention the weight I have gained on it. I have gained about 20lbs since then. I have dieted, worked out, and taken weight loss pills and nothing seems to help. I will be contacting my doctor to have it removed in the next day or two. It is not worth it in my opinion. I will be going back on the pill after I have it removed."
"Was it Multiple Sclerosis fatigue?  I thought I was stuck with awful 24/7 sleepiness and waking up as tired. Three months ago, I was relieved after 15   years by Ropinirole the very first dose after a new doc asked if anyone had ever mentioned me twitching at night.  Try it. It might be your miracle too!  I feel like me twenty years ago."
"I don&#039;t write reviews normally, but I wondered if others had the same experience that I did. 
I had to buy this because my local pharmacy here in WV stopped carrying everything but this. It cost me nearly $8, and I may as well have not taken anything. In fact, my pharmacist, who knows my severe sinus issues was very apologetic and told me the stuff didn&#039;t work very well, but that&#039;s all that they were allowed to sell.
I&#039;m a retired high school science teacher, and I really have to wonder about this product. If meth users can&#039;t &quot;cook&quot; out the suphedrine due to a binding agent, then how is it supposed to effectively breakdown in my system? 
Shame on you, pharmacy companies for punishing those of us who use a product made for us correctly."
"I have been taking this for over a year with no side effects at all.  Seems to work well.  I also take 2.5 mg of Amlodipine with Cozaar."
"I&#039;ve had Kyleena in for about 5 months now. The insertion felt like a pinch and then mild period cramping, but when I returned home I had the most serious cramping I&#039;d ever had the rest of the night. I took three 200mg ibuprofen beforehand. I bled lightly for about 4-5 weeks after the insertion and since then I&#039;ve only had one period that lasted 7 days and was pretty light majority of the time. Compared to my birth control pills: CONS: My cramping is worse, my period is longer, recently have been breaking out consistently PROS: no pill to take every night, 5 years of birth control, sex drive has returned"
"I want to start off by saying, this is a miracle pill. I&#039;ve suffered from acne since I have been in 7th grade (12yrs). I remember running into bathroom stalls to powder my face. Only hoping one day i would pass the &quot;puberty&quot; phase. However, here I was 19 graduating high school with worse acne. After years of treatment such as tropicals &amp; numerous antibiotics I decided to take on accutane. Two months into accutane, I am leaving my house with JUST BBCream. No concealer, no powder NOTHING. I wake up &amp; look into the mirror &amp; feel like crying from happiness. It&#039;s been two month &amp; I have another 3 to go. My journey has only begun and I can&#039;t believe these results. Only con is the chapped/dry lips. If you ask me it&#039;s all worth it"
"I have been on this for over 18 months. 

I went from stress starving myself I was so anxious and so much more to my old weight and a healthy outlook about myself and others. My dosage varied between 10mg up to 40mg during a rough stretch. 

The only thing I will say is that even though it is a far-flung side effect for some, the decreased libido was the only downside for me. Mine was never hyper but it had a dull edge on it. At a lower dosage there is no loss of it but be mindful."
"I started using the pills on 01/08/16. I am 5&#039;10 and I weighed in at 278 lbs. I weighed myself today (01/11/16) and I&#039;m 270.8lbs. My goal weigh is to weigh 200lbs. I walk in the treadmill for 20 mins, 100 sit-ups, I started doing 20 squats a day and I&#039;m doing butterflies with dumbbells. I&#039;ll post back on my next visit with my doctor (02/04/16)."
"I&#039;m 65 and in good health, average in most ways, sexual activity declining at a normal rate as I age. Nothing to worry about until the last year or so when my erections stopped coordinating with my desires. Not a total disconnect but sex became somewhat an embarrassment for me. Erections would come and then just disappear and weren&#039;t very good to begin with. I either couldn&#039;t keep an erection or I climaxed at midway(P.E.)  I reluctantly brought this up to my Dr. and he says &quot;oh yeah, everybody your age has that&quot;. He gave me a sample pack of 200mg. caps and said try one, it&#039;s the latest thing for that. So I took one. Worked in 15 min. Best erection in years, like a miracle! Seriously."
"I am a small girl 20 years old I weigh about 115 lbs and since I started 7 days ago all I can think about is food.. I eat allllll the time which isn&#039;t necessarily a bad think considering my weight and I wanted to gain a little but I swear food is the single thing on my mind and I don&#039;t feel hunger pain at all.. other than that I haven&#039;t noticed any other side effects."
"**I got skyla inserted yesterday. I cancelled several appointments and prolonged the procedure because of hearing horror stories. I did not take any pain medicine and I did not get pain medicine injected prior to insertion. I was extremely nervous.
Honestly, it hurt but it wasn&#039;t unbearable. It was a very severe cramping/pinching feeling for about 10 seconds. If you are worried about the extremely painful part- it lasts 10 seconds. That&#039;s it. If you are worried about afterwards, I was sweating and felt dizzy for about 30 minutes after procedure.  I was cramping all day and still am today but I would get these bad cramps the first 2 days of my period anyway. Was it so painful I regret doing it, no! Hopefully no future negative side effects"
"Just a quick note---I actually found it helpful to research the actual chemical this medication works on (norepinephrine), because the side effects make a lot more sense once you can look at the NORMAL effects of increased circulating norepinephrine (if you&#039;re at all prone to hypochondria/health anxiety like I am ;).  I am taking it for depression, even though anxiety is my main struggle....I can honestly say it doesn&#039;t help with anxiety per se, but does turn it into a more &quot;focused&quot; anxiety (i.e. feeling rather hyperactive, but in a productive way as opposed to a paralyzed or hopeless way like with depression).  Has also DEFINITELY decreased my binge-eating tendencies/desires, so yay for that! :)"
"Had a good BM within 2 hrs after taking 145 mcg on empty stomach. First semi normal BM in over 6 months! Not  straining or blood. I plan on taking it only on days I want to have a BM due to  negative reviews about weight gain, diarrhea, and other negative information"
"Ok so I have had plaque psoriasis since I was 14 years old and I have tried every cream, every lotion , even certain foams and I have even been prescribed humira and none of of has worked the way taltz had . I took my 1st 2 shots Wed and it is now Saturday and I have noticed a big difference in just a few days ...no more itching ... The inflammation has gone down immensely.. And I can finally be comfortable putting my jeans on now ... I know that every one is different when it comes to treatment ...I&#039;m just glad I have found one that finally works for me :)"
"Eating all the time hope this goes when I can go outside by myself."
"I&#039;ve been taking Lexapro for a week now to help me keep mellow like jello. I&#039;m not taking anything else. I work 3rd shift. So my nights are days. And days are nights. This makes makes me extremely sleepy by the end of the week. I have only been on it for a week. This last Friday after I got off work. I fell asleep in recliner from 8:00am to 1:00pm got up ate a bite. Went to bed. I woke up to go to the bathroom a few times. But didn&#039;t get out of bed till 11:00pm Saturday. I have not left my bedroom, or ate anything. I don&#039;t feel like doing anything or going anywhere. I will be calling my doctor Monday and talking to him about how it makes me feel. "
"18 years old, taken for one year due to a severe menstrual cycle that caused me to miss school. I took it near-continuously, skipping the placebo pills unless I forgot a day. On average I had a pill period every three months, which were much better than my normal periods. IMPORTANT: this medication is to prevent, not suppress, periods. If you have frequent or abnormal breakthrough bleeding, listen to your body and let yourself have a period. Desire was gone but taking the pill an hour later than usual for two days changed that, giving me more control. My acne is gone, my grades are better, I am more fit, and I feel more independent. This medication has greatly improved my life and I highly recommend it for women who are physically mature."
"Good medication. Very little dryness of the mouth and other side effects absent. I have been taking for 5 years now. BP stays within accepted bounds using 20mg dosage."
"Been I it for over a month seemed to work give me a clear mind still had night pains now I&#039;m getting pain in my grown area been like that for over a week now I&#039;ve had bad headache and sweating gonna stop I&#039;m getting f side effects it&#039;s lost its appeal"
"I&#039;ve been on tresiba for 6months.
Along with victoza 
For my t2 
While my a1c has went from above16 down to an 8 in the first 3 months I&#039;ve gained 30lbs and I suffer horrible diahria 
On the days I forget to take my shots I don&#039;t suffer.I also have to be treated for constant uti since I&#039;ve been on the tresiba. I&#039;ve been on victoza 2 years now
Not sure if anyone else has a side effect of this or if it&#039;s another condition but I&#039;m suffering from joint pain that continues to get worse"
"When I was first diagnosed with narcolepsy at 13, I started with Ritalin and was taking about 40mg per day and definitely helped with my narcolepsy but wasn&#039;t strong enough to keep me fully awake and repress my cataplexy. I now take 81mg of concerta and 10mg of ritalin in the mornings and if needed another 10-20mg ritalin in the afternoons or when feeling tired. It&#039;s definitely been a life saver especially during class or when I&#039;m out. Didn&#039;t have or had any significant side effects and am so glad to have been introduced to it"
"I&#039;ve only been using TriNessa for a month. In the first couple weeks I experienced terrible headaches but they started to subside later. The pill did reduce my cramping but increased my bitchiness! No help with acne though!"
"About 3 days after my Prolia shot, I had severe pain in my lower back, right side. Very different from regular lower back pain due to aging. My doctor prescribed physical therapy ( not believing it was due to the Prolia injection) which provided temporary relief. But guess what!!! At the 6 month point, when the Prolia was out of my system, THE PAIN WENY AWAY. Duh. In the past I took fosamax (for 6 yrs) with no side effects.
But...I am done with patent medicines. Am reading the book Your Bones, and plan on following their &quot;natural&quot; approach. I did report my experience to the FDA; my doctor (who I really like) didn&#039;t react very seriously to my concerns, only listed it as an an allergy on my chart. Don&#039;t docs ever talk to the FDA????????"
"This stuff is magic.  I was prescribed Tretinoin 0.05 over a year ago, and after months of skin torture, and super low self-confidence, almost everyone said I had amazing skin once my face cleared up. This medication will teach you patience, but please whatever you do, bare with it. It&#039;s so worth it, I promise. There are severe breakouts in the first 3 months, but it&#039;s totally normal - it means is working. The medication gets deep in your pores and cleans out all the acne deep in your skin which is why you break out severely in the beginning of this medication. Stay on this cream too, never stop using it or you&#039;ll regret it. Once your face is use to it and clears out, use it every other day."
"Just started the treatment with Sporanox (on the first day) after vaginal infection pill and fungal cream didn&#039;t work and had a lot of hypersensitive skin reaction. Now going without cream just antiseptic rinse and some lotion on affected area. I found it works wonder as the first day taking the pills. I shall report once again after completion of 7 days treatment."
"Slight pain reduction. But really not worth noting. It&#039;s the colcrys that really nips it in the bud when I feel an attack coming on. I&#039;ve tried the aleeve a couple times when I didn&#039;t have the other media on hand. Just didn&#039;t seem to do much. Same for any other Naproxin sodium product."
"Other than an occasional headache, no significant side effects.  Viagra works fairly well for me but just not consistently.  I almost always get hard - REALLY hard.....but the erection doesn&#039;t last if foreplay is extended.  So by the time I&#039;m ready to penetrate, it isn&#039;t always stiff enough.  As a result, I feel pressured to rush through sex with my boyfriend.  Also, the price is absurd.  The drug companies sure know how to play the game to delay generics from getting on the market.  I understand the need to appease shareholders but there should be a better way than by gouging consumers."
"I had taken almost everything for migraines and came up with a combination of Topamax and Elavil. I work in intensive care and started having memory problems. I also started sleeping almost constantly. I scheduled an appointment with the neurologist at my hospital and started on nortriptyline. This is the first time I&#039;ve had total control. I&#039;m not sleepy and I have more of my old self back. It feels good not to have any pain."
"I have been taking this for more than six months.
No side effects.
Have all the positive effects like the prostate size has reduced, thinning of hair reduced, rather it seems new hair have grown. ( it is the comment  of my barber)"
"I have to say this medicine was a lifesaver for me, and I do not use the term lightly.  Before I took these tablets I had got to the point where I thought NOTHING could help me and every sleepless night was a living hell.  These tablets finally allowed me to sleep but also had a true restorative effect on my depleted brain which carried over to the next day.  I know there are side effects, especially on a higher dose, but these side effects were worth it for the benefits they gave me.  I know it&#039;s hard but amitriptyline can give you a crutch to lean on and please don&#039;t dismiss them.  If they can help me, and I was really at the end of the line, they can help somebody else."
"Trying Accutane was one of the best decisions I ever made. I went through High School and even one year of college with lots of acne. I finally tried Accutane after using all of the things they sell on T.V, with zero results. The only side effects I have is dry skin, but that can be combated with chapstick and facial moisturizer. I just want to encourage anyone who has ever thought about trying Accutane, to go see your doctor and give it a try. "
"Great!! No one posts the good reviews so I thought I would shed some light!
This was awesome had it for a little over two weeks now and I have no issues.
After the initial insertion (which hurt but was a breeze, took 2 minutes tops)I had pretty painful cramps for about 12 hours after. I was fine the next day which some brown discharge and bloating for around a week.
1. This IUD does not cause acne, but it lacks estrogen like the pill or other forms of birth control that help with clearing up acne. So you may get more pimples than usual but its what you would normally have with out the pill.
2. It doesn&#039;t effect weight gain, any weight gain maybe an un related issue from the birth control."
"After taking my second Augmentin pill I had horrible nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. I ended up in the hospital for severe dehydration."
"I have been on Abilify on two separate occasions along with other medications to help with depression and bipolar. BOTH times was a disaster. This time I&#039;ve tried to tough out the side effects (working on three months now) and I still can&#039;t deal with the way it makes me feel. I feel flat, tired, depressed, low motivation, worthless, hopeless. You name it. I see my doctor tomorrow And plan to demand stopping Abilify."
"So far Bupropion HCL XL 150 mg is working good.  I was heartbroken after a break up with a friend. I felt stuck and my emotions were ranging from extreme sadness to intense anger. It seemed to me that 8 months of these emotions after a toxic relationship were too long. I don&#039;t think a drug is a cure for personality issues but I wanted to experience more joy during my days.  I can say that the first 14 days on Wellbutrin my emotions became more erratic. I even had 2 days where I was alone and started crying over my ex. It was the first and only times I cried. I then found in the last week my mood has seemed to lift finally. I might feel some sadness and some anger but the cycles end. I seem to have more energy and my outlook is improving."
"I recently started getting anxiety. It started very slow and began to get worse. I went to hospital very anxious one day. They did all test and as I already knew found nothing. I asked for something to calm me down. They gave me 1.0mg Ativan IV. The minute the nurse pulled the needle out I was ready to go home as if nothing happen. Slept like a baby that night .I was good for like 4 days until I started to feel anxious again. I just started Zoloft today which takes some 1 or 2 weeks to work and Ativan for in case I get another attack before Zoloft kicks in. For me Ativan has been great."
"This product works very well for me.  I suffer bad headaches brought on by TMJ syndrome.  Most times, I am completely pain free within 2 hours after taking a single dose.  I have never had to take a second dose."
"It is magic"
"Worthless: I haven&#039;t had the side effects listed, but neither have I come close to stop coughing. Gargling with Listerene and letting the fumes coat my throat is just as effective, and a lot cheaper: and without fear of side effects."
"I took this medicine for coughing at night and had a very negative reaction to it.  I seemed to have all of the classic signs of a heart attack - pain in the chest and back - it felt like an elephant was sitting on my chest. Heart rate went down very low and blood pressure was low and then high.  "
"If you read the other reviews, they are all correct in saying you must NEVER stop taking this medication suddenly.  Coming off this medicine was one of the most difficult things. You must do it very slowly and possibly add some other medications to ease the side effects.  It&#039;s so important to have a good doctor to guide you. "
"I had cystic nodular acne on my face, back, and chest. I&#039;ve tried every acne medication under the sun!! Accutane worked great and i could tell a difference within a month of using it. It&#039;s been 3 years since I took it and I&#039;m still all clear. I would recommend Accutane to anyone with acne."
"I had Kyleena inserted today, just 8 hours ago. This was the first IUD I&#039;ve ever had, and I have never been on other birth controls (other than condoms). I&#039;ve never given birth.  I never really had period cramping, so I knew going in that this could be painful. The LPN sounded my uterus, which brought on like 2 mild cramps. Next she told me to take a deep breath in and cough. I panicked and asked &quot;when do I cough?&quot; and at that time she inserted the device. I had maybe 3 or 4 sharpish cramps, but it was not the unbearable pain others have described it as. I had some cramps throughout the day, but mainly in my back. Overall, I would rate today&#039;s pain as a 3/10."
"Started taking this a week ago for moderate depression and anxiety. I&#039;ve been on Zoloft and Paxil before but the Zoloft made me exhausted and the Paxil made me gain weight and missing doses caused &quot;brain zaps&quot; like mini electric bolts. I felt better the very first day, and I knew the exact moment it came on. Even a coworker noticed my smile was like nothing before. Every day thereafter my mood has been amazing.  My doctor told me to start with 10mg, and then 20mg after a week but I jumped right into the 20mg because I know my tolerance for medicines. I still have some social anxiety so he may bump me to 30mg next visit but right now even at this dosage I feel like life is worth living and is manageable."
"I had unprotected sex on the 30th of August. I took the Plan B 1 step two hours later. About 3 hours after taking it I was getting a lot of discharge it wasn&#039;t brown but there was a lot of it but I was also 2 days before my ovulation (says my cycle tracker) and got horribly sick about 4 hours after when I first took it (which I took on an empty stomach). I was throwing up felt like like my head was in a bubble and then the migraine started. This lasted most the night and I felt lethargic the next day. I had a lot to write but this won&#039;t let me. Didn&#039;t get effects till 2 weeks later. Sore boobs and bleeding (light bleeding). It&#039;s September 19th it worked for me. Please don&#039;t freak yourself out! It works! Don&#039;t Worry!"
"Was diagnosed as a child with ADD Inattentive. Doctors didn&#039;t see the need for drug therapy.  Throughout middle and high school I struggled, and struggled, and struggled.  Couldn&#039;t pay attention to any of the material, always looking out the windows,tapping pencils, passing notes. This&nbsp;contined through my first go at college, which I experienced the same set of problems. 10 years after...I had ENOUGH. I found a great Psychiatrist that held my belief that I really had a neurotransmitter imbalance and my life wasnt running at even 70%  After trying a small galaxy of stimulant prescriptions, Concerta changed my life. Straight A student,  i have the drive, focus, willpower and clarity to get stuff done. My confidence level is at &quot;God&quot; level."
"This medication along with other antipsychotics are horrendous! I had severe pulsating throughout my whole body and have had a constant painful headache for 4 months straight now! They&#039;ve lowered the dose from 100mg to 75mg and the pain is still bad so next month are lowering it to 50mg and the Dr is very reluctant to blame the drug!which is crazy as we did MRI scan and everything and the drug company leaflet explains headache is a very common side effect!!My experience is terrible would not recommend these drugs to anyone ,"
"3 month update on Trulicity.  When I started my A1C was at 8 in January. I did have some aches, nasuea, heartburn and headaches.  At the end of the three months I&#039;ve lost ten pounds my A1C dropped to 6.  From reading other people&#039;s experiences and results I realize that everyone&#039;s body and results are different. I wish my A1C was lower but, I will definitely take it.  As of right now I have no longer had nasuea or heartburn. I will continue to work on my diet and make better choices and hopefully next time my A1C will be at a comfortable level."
"I&#039;d say that Ponstel was god&#039;s gift to me for treating my migraines in long term.Very good!"
"I had been taking Provigil for the past 4 yrs. Two years ago I was in a car accident and have been suffering back pain, which would not even subside with percoset. After reading some reviews I learned lower back pain is a side effect from Provigil. I was taking 400 milligrams daily into separate 200 milligram doses while working graveyard shift. Provigil has worked great however I just switched to Nuvigil today in hopes that my back pain will go away."
"Ive been taking Epuris (common canadian brand of isotretinoin) for almost 4 weeks so not that long on 40mg (highest dose). I had bad pimples that were sore and inflammed scince i was about 13. throughout my 11th year of school i started to develop cystic acne that spread across my cheeks and jawline that grew to the size of a toonie. Scince starting Epuris my lips and face have been extremely dry. I have joked about getting a free bowl of corn flakes every morning (sorry for the imagery) because skin would flake and peel off in big patches. My cysts got way worse when i started and im yet to see progress. Really hope this medication picks up because school starts in under 2 weeks and i hate the way i look and hate being seen. ;) *help*"
"Invega 9 mg is perfect."
"I am 46 &amp; diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 4 months ago after 1.5 years of unexplained pain, muscle fatigue, exhaustion, etc. The last flare up was so severe I was unable to walk because leg muscles trembling, forearms felt like they were on fire with thousands of needles or bees stinging. I was dropping things. I was very confused and unable to even read an email on my computer.  We started with a low dose and am now at 60 mg at bedtime. Along with Tramadol during the day and Flexeril for severe flare ups, as well as moderate exercise, no chocolate, and adequate sleep, I am doing so well.  Very few side effects.  I am working full time, can wear high heels again &amp; stay awake past 7:00 pm now as well as resuming doing normal household chores."
"Before being diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder, I was on this antidepressant, along with Zoloft.  It gave me manic symptoms, so beware for those who may have undiagnosed Bipolar.  Plus, on 300 mg, I felt terrible, as if I was sped up.  Physically, it made my heart race and caused agitation.   Lowering the dose to 150 mg was better physically (before being diagnosed by Bipolar, but then I was taken off of it completely).  Whether on 150mg or 300 mg, I noticed insomnia.  I have also heard other people say this who aren&#039;t Bipolar, although I&#039;m sure for some, this works wonders."
"I&#039;m a 18 year old female and I started taking 80mg strattera for ADD and honestly didn&#039;t see much to any improvement, I couldn&#039;t focus any better than I could before . I became so unmotivated I didn&#039;t even want to get out of bed anymore. It calmed me down defiantly and relieved my anxiety 100% but it made me so &#039;for lack of a better word&#039; depressed. And when I would forget to take it or couldn&#039;t get to the pharmacy to refill the prescription for a couple days I would get these massive headaches that hurt so bad I could&#039;ve cried. Overall I think it just didn&#039;t work for me"
"I&#039;ve had chronic constipation ALL my life, and I am in my 60&#039;s now. I have tried it All! I&#039;ve practically lived on taking enemas every 4 to 5 days, which worked most if the time. I haven&#039;t had a &quot;normal&quot; BM on my own in over 5 years. It just sits there, and won&#039;t come out. I was prescribed 24 mg Amitiza a month ago. I took one at 8am. I had a great BM at 10am. It only took 2 hours to work! But it was not formed. It was almost like slight diarrhea. It felt like such a big relief to get all of that toxic poison out! The drawback, I had a lot of nausea all day, and bouts of diarrhea 3 or 4 times later. I also felt bloated for a couple of hours, which was a bit uncomfortable. So at this point, I&#039;m a little nervous to take another one.."
"I had implant for a full three years from 2013-2015. During the second year, I was diagnosed with depression and severe panic attacks, I seriously believe it was caused my my Implanon hormones. I got it removed after 3 years of guessing what was wrong with me. Now I have Nexplanon, I had it inserted September 15th 2015. It is currently December 2015. I&#039;ve gained over 5 pound and conitnue to gain weight. I&#039;m 5ft and (was) 100 pounds. I DO NOT GAIN WEIGHT. I am having my Nexplanon removed Jan. Also, I have severe acne due to this drug. So to wrap up all symptoms I have since I got this drug, nausea weight gain acne depression anxiety followed by severe panic attacks. I&#039;m not pregnant but I am sure not happy."
"I had liletta placed in February 2016. It was very painful. Heavy bleeding for two straight months . then my period became lighter and regular. Its is now October 2016. 8 months after having it placed I found out I was 6 weeks pregnant with the iud still in place. I got the iud removed right away."
"I suffer from ibs-c &amp; a sluggish colon. I have had periods of time where I could not go for 4 weeks. I tried miralax, metamucil, benefiber, rx colonoscopy preps, stool softeners, etc. I could not find any regularity. Recently, I thought I had regulated after changing meds(I was going 2-3 times per day almost every day), but after a CT scan for another GI ailment it showed I was constipated in two areas. I tried the cherry mixed w/juice warm &amp; it made me nauseated could not finish full dose  It took about 12 hrs to work, but needed To do again. I refrigerated the lemon flavor mixed with cold juice &amp; was less nauseated. Took 5 hrs. Need time to allow to finish, wipes a&amp;d."
"Never take this drug. I am a healthy individual that had a bad experience with this drug.  I Received one shot because I had the flu. 1 week later I had burning pains running all through my body. They gave me a shot in my butt and its still sore 2 sweeks later. I had trouble sleeping, couldn&#039;t breath at night and thought I was going crazy. My resting heart rate went from 49-58 beats a minute. I don&#039;t know what this drug does to the body but its not good. You have mood swings from anger, confusion, weakness, coordination etc..... Please ask the doctor what they are giving you before they inject you. It could do more harm than good later."
"New dose, one pill took it at noon, bowel motion by 1:30 at 5pm started drinking solution every 10 minutes. Choose the cherry flavor, tasted like thick flavored water. I am glad it was cold, did not taste as bad as I anticipated. Biggest thing was drinking it, gone fast and doing it again and again - 20 minutes into it I went to my throne had to in between drinking the solution after every other glass (at least I was able to discard some and have room for more that way I was more comfortable. Was so happy when 6:10 came and I finished - by 8:30pm I went to bed and had a great nights sleep. Woke around 4:30pm for another visit to my throne did go back to bed and test went well."
"Paxil is making me calmer, but not lessening depression. However, I only have been on it one week. I will give it more time. Side effects are fatigue, weight gain, and headache. I feel that this drug would be best for someone with aggression. I also take 1 mg Klonopin which is also sedating. Paxil and alcohol don&#039;t mix well."
"I had been on Celexa for 2 years which caused weight gain, low motivation, sleepiness, and my anxiety came back full strength. Now 1 week on Prozac and I feel like myself again. High energy, good appetite, alert, no anxiety-basically I feel great! I was drinking 5 alcoholic beverages a day now I am not interested in drinking more than 2 a day. 
I am over 45 and my vision was beginning to slip when reading items close up. ever since I started Prozac my vision has improved and I can see things less than 6 inches from my face. Not sure why that happened but it did. 
Give it a try-you will get your life back."
"I had a very strange episode of a serious neck cramp. I was still able to move it, but if I did, I would get a constant dull to sharp pain. In fact, I could only sit in one particular position in order to subside the pain. I took some Skelaxin and a small dose of Hydrocodone. It was without a doubt the best way to get rid of that pain. After about 45 minutes of taking it, I was feeling 90% without sleepiness or &#039;weirdness.&#039; Highly recommended."
"I have had trigeminal neuralgia since early 2009. I initially tried Tegratol but was unfortunately allergic to it (anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome). Thankfully I was eventually given Neurontin. I am currently on 1200mg three times daily and it is working in conjunction with paracetamol. It has given me respite from the pain and hopefully will continue to do so until I have my operation in late May 2010."
"I have had great success with Zoloft after only taking it for 1 week. I suffer from OCD and mainly intrusive and compulsive thoughts....I dealt with them for a long time (I&#039;m only 18) but I&#039;m feeling the effects of Zoloft and already it&#039;s great. I had side effects after the 1st pill (upset stomach, headache) but that was only for 24 hours after that and still to this day the only side effects I&#039;m having is excessive yawning and a weird jaw feeling, which feels kinda cool."
"Using for 5 months and the results are amazing. I forgot the past with the psoriasis ,I was just afraid to be sick ."
"I told myself if the pill worked for me I would write a review to settle someone else&#039;s worries. I am 19 years old and my boyfriend and I were having unprotected sex, he did not ejaculate in me but I took the pill just in case. A week later me and my boyfriend had sex with a condom and it completely broke and he ejaculated in me while I was ovulating. I took the pill twice within two weeks and I freaked out until I got my period. I wasn&#039;t eating or sleeping or doing well in college, then my period came right on schedule. To any girls reading this who are losing their mind, relax. The pill was created and works for a reason."
"Best cold sore treatment ever! About as close to a cure as you get!"
"This medicine has made my periods a lot better.  They are no longer irregular so I can definitely time them accurately and I am never surprised.  However,  I do get really bad mood swings,  I am very irritable at times.  I have definitely gained a lot of weight since I started. My breasts size fluctuate and my nipples are tender majority of the time.  Besides those things, I am very satisfied with this medication."
"I only wish the shot lasted the whole 7 days, I find I start hurting again after day 5 of having my shot."
"I&#039;ve had migraines my entire life. From when I was 4 years old. They got really bad when I was about 11. They became daily. They absolutely controlled my life. When I found this medication it saved me. I went from having them daily to having them on average 5 times a month. That might seem like a lot, but it&#039;s incredibly good for me. Sometimes, as low as twice a month. I&#039;ve been on this medication now for years. It gave me my life back. The main symptom for me is exhaustion. I feel so tired all the time, especially during the early afternoon. Also blurry vision and occasionally heartburn (when I don&#039;t drink enough water in the day.) I&#039;ll take these side effects instead of being in horrible pain every day! This medication helped me a LOT."
"I have insomnia and I take Xanax for anxiety and I needed a different med so I wouldn&#039;t keep using my Xanax for sleep so I was given this and it works great I woke up In the middle of the night tho and fell back asleep in a few hours and it felt like I had a full nights rest and there wasn&#039;t a really high feeing when I woke up like ill someone&#039;s have with Xanax only a slight one before I went to sleep"
"I tried to go off this drug after undergoing TMS treatment, but I could not. It is as addictive as heroin. I needed to go onto Wellbutrin and Prozac to bridge over and taper off the Viibryd over a period of several weeks and the withdrawal syptoms were awful."
"I had Botox 7 months ago and I&#039;m just now able to pee just a little so still need to self cath.  Botox was the worst thing I could have done because it did nothing for my pain nor my frequency.  I had no problem peeing before Botox!"
"I&#039;ve been on &quot;Gabi&quot; for about 10 years, I&#039;m 52 years old.  It was miraculous that my RLS calmed down and became non existant.  My Rx is is 2x300 mgs at dinner and the same dose before bed (1200 mgs total)  These last few months I&#039;ve been experiencing break through events.  After reading many comments on here I may look at bumping my dose up to 900 mgs before bed and 300 at night.  Has anyone here tried to do this and if so did you find it helpful."
"I took this for a bacterial infection. I developed sores and blister on the hands, burning, itching all under the skin. I stopped taking it after the 2nd dose. Its day 2 and I am developing blisters in my mouth. My eyelids are swollen and itchy and my lips look like I had botox injections. I can barely swallow."
"I have had severe migraines &amp; chronic pain daily ever since I was attacked &amp; stabbed with a 9&quot; butcher knife 8 and a half years ago. It resulted in a myriad of chronic issues &amp; severe pain. I have been put on a variety of different pain medicines since I started seeing a pain specialist. Oxycontin &amp; Oxycocet (Percocet) did little to nothing to ease the pain. Demerol helped with the pain, but my tolerance grew too quickly. I&#039;ve been prescribed 8mg of Dilaudid to take as needed &amp; it&#039;s the first medicine to help me feel not completely useless because of my pain and to remain helpful. I&#039;m also on other medicines for other issues and it interacts fine and actually also helps when combined with my other medicines with those same issues which other medicines had not helped with in the past. "
"For me, Nexplanon is perfect. I&#039;ve had it for almost seven months now. I haven&#039;t had any side effects besides last two months. No periods until about when the two past months came up. Spotting every now and then for one month, then every other week its like a heavy period for the second month. I feel fine though, no cramps or anything, but for some reason I keep losing weight but that might not be the implant. All around, I love it and would recommend it."
"started on  nuvigil for symptoms of anxiety and excessive daytime sleepiness. Started taking nuvigil in November. My first symptoms was excessive salivation, my stomach would get upset, felt nauseated. I felt like I had a dry lump in my throat continuously. It affected my normal swallowing of saliva but I had no trouble swallowing water or food. Lost 33 lbs in 4-5 months. Then my mouth ,lips and tongue started burning. I stopped taking nuvigil in March. The mouth burning has subsided some.I still feel nauseated at times. Taking tums and omeprazol for my stomach symptoms.Last Dr. Visit my omeprazol was doubled also put on Zantac. Had An EGD. All came out normal. It&#039;s been 8 months and my nausea and burning mouth continue."
"Asacol did not work well for me. It was no different from generic. I switched to this from Lialda to save money but it didn&#039;t work and I had to switch back."
"It&#039;s not &quot;short-acting&quot; - I couldn&#039;t move for 48 hours."
"I started taking Tri Nessa in November and this is by far THE WORST PILL ever. During the first and second month of taking this pill I was super naseous and I experienced terrible ovulation pain if I did not take my pill at the exact time everyday. Currently, I have horrible mood swings, depression, and my skin is breaking out like crazy. The only thing this pill didn&#039;t do was gain weight. Going to my doctor next week to change my bc plan."
"For some reason this was the very first med my dr. RX&#039;d me for hypertension at a dosage of 0.1mg twice a day..It lowered my BP but not by much so he increased it to 0.2mg twice per day. Bp still high and he AGAIN increased to 0.2 3 x a day. It lowered my BP very little but mostly it just made me groggy and gave me dry mouth. He finally added metoporol xr and my bp is getting better. However, the clonodine does come in handy for other things like opiate withdrawal, sleep and headache prevention."
"I&#039;ve had this in my arm for a year. I&#039;ve bled for a year straight non stop. I recently stopped bleeding last week! This is not for skinny girls you will lose a lot of blood! I&#039;m getting this removed next week!"
"My son was diagnosed with Autism, however he has symptoms of ADHD but is not. The ADHD meds. just made things worse for him so the Dr. gave me Strattera to try 10mg and it helped, I kept wondering why he could take this but not other ADHD meds. his pediatrician told me it is an antidepressant that was discovered to have a calming effect, and if it makes him tired take it at bedtime. It is very expensive but helps we have not been able to increase the dose, but kids on the spectrum are difficult to medicate."
"I was so afraid to go on birth control, because I always heard about weight gain and acne. I recently got on it just because I&#039;m intimate with my boyfriend and wanted to be extremely safe and I must say sprintec is amazing. The only issue I had that really got to me was I was on my period the first month for two weeks it made me really sick because the amount of blood I lost but I took it easy. I get the occasional break out before my period which is completely normal. Other than that my skin is seriously so clear! I get the same symptoms before my period, sore breasts, acne and occasional cravings. But surprisingly this makes me not want to eat and I&#039;ve actually lost weight. Lastly, there&#039;s been no pregnancy scares or babies on the way. "
"I was diagnosed with MS 10 years ago and started on Copaxone within a month. I chose Copaxone because it&#039;s a subcutaneous (tiny needle) rather than in the muscle injection and no flu like symptoms. During these 10 years, I have had only one flare-up. When I first started on the drug I had painful site reactions that lasted about an hour. After a couple of months these got less severe and soon became very mild and currently I have no injection site discomfort. I don&#039;t have much body fat and I suspect I was accidentally injecting into muscle tissue, which I understand can cause burning pain. Teva&#039;s Shared Solutions is a great and caring resource. Thanks Teva!"
"My neurologist prescribed Zomig for my migraines (45 years) in November 2011. Within 1 hour  my migraine vanished with no residual effects. The only side effect I have is increased urination 2 to 3 hours after a dose. I also take Cymbalta, but it hasn&#039;t caused a problem."
"Hello. I thought it was important to wait before sharing my experience until I reached the 4 months mark since the recommended time frame to give your body time to adjust to the device is between 3 to 6 months. After 4 months my side effects have began improving with the amount of bleeding but not the length. See below my chart that I&#039;ve been keeping track of. I got the device August. I started recording in October. August &amp; September were the worst with extremely heavy bleeding. (My body was adjusting, then the heavy periods disappeared and became regular periods)
October - 5 days of spotting, 2 heavy periods, 1 light period. November - 4 days of spotting, 3 regular period, 1 light period. December - 5 days of spotting, 1 light period."
"Been sick for a month. Doc gave me two antibiotics. Finally was prescribed levofloxacin and am grateful as I am finally on the mend!"
"I am 62 and this was my 6th colonoscopy. I have to say this was the best prep so far. I had this done at 7 this morning. I took the prep at 4 pm yesterday and by 5 I was finished the 1st round. No cramping, no nausea. I paid attention to not eating raw fruits, vegetables and nuts 3 days prior.  At 9 pm I did the 2nd round. I was in bed by 11 and woke up once in the middle of the night one time .  The taste isn&#039;t great I found the cold water and a little lemon helped. It&#039;s a little pricey but worth it. Ask the Dr for a coupon. By the way I had nothing to eat all day yesterday and I think that worked for the better."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill since summer 2007 (three years) for extreme menstrual cramps and bleeding (I spent roughly 16 hours passed out from pain for two days every month and bleed for 7-10 days straight. I used so many OTC pain killers that they all ceased to work for me).

My experiences with this pill:
-No weight gain noticed. Lost pre-pill weight by exercising.
-Little to no pain compared to before (1-2 pain pills for the worst two days for about every 3rd period)
-Little to no bleeding (I went from super heavy pads to the lightest pads on the market or just dark colored underwear on my heaviest days. Some months, I just don&#039;t bleed)
-No extra mood swings (and less mood swings during my period)
-Acne is the same (not better, not worse)"
"It works pretty well for me until it starts to wear off on the 5-7th day. I think there should be 5 patches given a month instead of 4 per 28 days. Or the manufacturer needs to improve the quality and lasting power of each patch. 

I do have to admit without this medication, i would be unable to have a normal life. My pain level would be about an 8 on average without it, and thank goodness I was referred to my doctor by my orthopedic surgeon. I occasionally have a little itch under the patch when it gets wet. I hate that it is not more waterproof. I believe this is part of the reason they lose their strength. I do have Norco to supplement my pain relief, but if the patches would hold their potency, i wouldn&#039;t have to use the Norco."
"I&#039;ve been taking Tenuate for 6 months. I&#039;m very pleased with results, I&#039;ve dropped 4 dress sizes and 30lbs.  One thing I&#039;ve found to be the key to my success, is working out and making sure I eat enough calories. I only want to lose 17lbs more pounds and I&#039;m keeping &quot;the faith&quot;, that I will accomplish my goal."
"I&#039;ve taken prednisone tapers on and off for chronic back pain and inflammation. Usually when I&#039;ve reached a point when pain meds aren&#039;t working I give in to an injection and a steroid taper. Steroids weaken the immune system so if you&#039;re body is currently fighting an infection, that you may be unaware of, the infection can become full blown since your body can&#039;t fight it off.... and this happened to me. I ended up with shingles of the mouth. Excruciatingly painful. I am now prone to getting shingles if I&#039;m not careful. I think prednisone is a gamble. Take if you have reached a point of not having too many other options. Try a higher dose of NSAIDs for a week if no reprieve then steroids. Best of luck."
"Took this almost 2 yrs ago after my 3rd laporoscopy due to endometriosis. It was AMAZING. Didn&#039;t have a single side effect from it. Took away all my cramps. The only reason I stopped taking it before was my insurance no longer covered it and I could not afford the copay. Started taking it again a little over a month ago. Now my breasts are HUGE and are always tender. And I&#039;ve been getting cramps up to 2 weeks ahead of my period! Even with the endometriosis, cramps don&#039;t usually come til a few days before my period. The only saving grace was that my period was only 2 days long. I&#039;m gonna try to continue taking them. I love that my period was only 2 days long but this time around out didn&#039;t help with my cramps at all."
"My neurologist recommended candesartan for my migraines.  I was already on Nortriptyline and getting good results.  The idea was that I could stop my high blood pressure medication and use a single drug to manage both.

Candesartan has worked extremely well.  It has reduced my migraines from 1-2 per week to 1-2 per month.  I found it works better than Nortriptyline for me.  Plus is also helps to control my high blood pressure.  The only problem I have are rebound headaches if I miss more than 1 dose.  It takes only 2 days before I&#039;m hit with severe migraines if I stop."
"I&#039;ve had reoccurring nausea for over a year now. The bouts of nausea, dry heaving and vomiting only bile would last for hours. Phenergan did nothing, but Zofran, within 5 min (usually) I&#039;m cured. It does make you sleepy, but well worth a little tiredness. It is expensive without insurance."
"It was freaking horrible I have a mild case of acne used this horrible acne gel and it burned my entire face I don&#039;t even want to walk out my house! When I step into my car with the heat its an excruciating pain that won&#039;t go away I would never recommend this product to anyone! I&#039;m a very beautiful woman and my self-esteem has dropped dramatically! I cry myself to sleep since using this, I can&#039;t believe they really sell this in stores!!!!
"
"I had a bad sinus infection and it worked great..."
"I am on Ciprofloxacin for 3 days along with Pyridium for a UTI. I have felt nauseous, heady, tired and have had increased anxiety since starting these Meds. Today I had dry heaves, nausea, drained feeling and a full blown panic attack. Will be calling my Dr. Tomorrow for a possible replacement. Going on vacaction on Thursday and don&#039;t want any of these side effects. UTI symptoms better but don&#039;t think it is cleared up fully. Scared."
"I got my Skylah inserted last night and I&#039;ve had it for about 15 hours now and I have to say reading the comments about insertion really freaked me out but it definitely wasn&#039;t as bad as I had anticipated it to be. I mean don&#039;t get me wrong, it hurt, but the pain lasted probably about a minute IF that! Now as far as after goes, the cramping has been pretty gnarly since about 3 hours after the insertion took place. I&#039;m really hoping it doesn&#039;t last too much longer but over all it seems like a small price to pay for not having to worry for 3 years!! I hope it gets better from here and works as well as it&#039;s supposed to!"
"Officially diagnosed as bipolar II, I have highly recurrent depressive episodes (since early teens) and have had a handful of mild hypomanias. Overall I would consider my general moods as being dysphoric/depressive and agitated/anxious.

I take 250mg/day and it has done wonders for me. I no longer get depressed in the same way I used to. No more weeks on end of feeling rejected, lonely and sad. No more fears it may worsen into a deeper depression where I can barely get out of bed. Now, if I do get depressed, it&#039;s minor and goes away in a day. The longest has been 2 days.

Find the right dose. 300mg made me agitated/hypomanicky. Also the cognitive side effects at that level were horrible. However, at my current dose, all is good."
"I have been on this for about 4 months now, and I did not notice how badly it was affecting me until today. It all hit me at once. I have lost over 1/4 of my hair, my nipples feel like they are going to explode, my sex drive is non existent, and I feel extremely fatigued and tired all of the time! I recently went vegan because I felt so nasty all of the time I needed a change in diet and life style to try and lose some weight. Well instead of losing weight, I gained. 30lbs to be exact...in as little as 4 months. That is such a rapid weight gain that I now have stretch marks on my hips and thighs! My boyfriend says I&#039;m mad at him all the time to the point where we are fighting waaay more than we&#039;ve ever have. I would not recommend!"
"I started this medication one week ago. I was apprehensive to start but I did. I  41 year old female with Type II diabetes. I was diagnosed 7 years ago. I have always had fairly good control but my fasting levels are always difficult to manage. The first night, I was very nauseous! I could not even smell food and I ate sprite and apple sauce for dinner. The next day, I noticed a decrease in appetite but no nausea. I did wake up with headaches for the first 3 days. My numbers have greatly improved! Even my fasting numbers, which were my toughest to control are now under 105; this was never possible before.  I have lost 1-2 pounds so far. I do not feel hungryand I fill up faster. I do not have the cravings that I had and can turn away dessert"
"Degenerative Disc Disease. In 20 years I have been through all the medicines a regular doctor can write a prescription for. Once in pain management I started with 10 mg OxyContin twice a day then to 20mg twice a day. Now I am on OxyContin 20mg twice a day. OxyContin has worked for me in the long haul."
"It&#039;s 4.20am. Despite feeling exhausted, I have been awake since 12.30am. I have the metallic taste, diarrhoea, nausea, indigestion and a headache after 2 days on it. Hopefully the doc will change it tomorrow"
"I have severe RLS. I tried requip, mirapex, neurontin, lyrica... Like many others who have posted, I had a pinched nerve in my spine (upper back, near my neck) and was prescribed Tramadol. It greatly improved my RLS !! It truly was a God-send !! I do have to take 100mg three times a day. And, if I take it too late, I do have to wait for an hour or so for the symptoms to finally diminish. Also, I have some daytime sleepiness, sluggishness. And now that my pinched nerve has become inflamed again, I have severe RLS even while taking the Tramadol. I am hoping that after having a spinal injection for inflamation, my symptoms will improve once again. Until then, here I am, up with the rest of you, enduring this aggravating condition."
"This drug is wonderful. You don&#039;t realize how much it helps until you leave it off for a day.

I would highly rate this above anything I have taken."
"I took this for 2 months. I felt terrible all the time. So tired I could barely motivate and my heart raced out of my body. Told my Dr. and have since stopped taking it. Went back to what I was taking for years with no problem."
"Used it on my son who has excessive gas due to Aspergers syndrome, it will temporarily lessen the discomfort caused by trapped gas/gas buildup but the toots still have to be worked out of him or else the discomfort will soon return."
"I&#039;ve only had 3 shots from Dec 2014 to my last one may 2015. After the first shot my periods stop completely no pain nothing also took care of my cyst problems. Use to get horribly large cyst that didn&#039;t erupt properly or in a timely manner. So that has been really nice not having to go through that pain for weeks. Second shot still going strong no problems, just a little boob soreness at times. Thrid shot here we go - weight gain, lots of hair loss, cramps with bad shooting  pain, boob soreness/pain when bending over, brown spotting to heavy brown which I have never in my life have had (I&#039;m 30) for weeks now. Headaches, mood swings-very emotional at times.Going to doctor 7/22/15 I might just get off the shot. #Listen to ur body."
"Absolutely hate it! I&#039;ve had it for over 2 years and have bled nearly the whole time it&#039;s been it.. No wonder it&#039;s like 99.99% effective you&#039;re on your period nearly 90% of the time! I plan to get it out soon once I build up the courage to. Zero sex drive and insane mood swings since having it in as well."
"I got Nexplanon March 23, 2014. I didn&#039;t bruise after getting it and didn&#039;t bleed. I don&#039;t get many periods, and when I do they&#039;re very light. I&#039;ve had one normal period since getting it. I gained weight but it&#039;s nothing I can&#039;t lose at the gym. I love this birth control and will definitely be getting it again when the three years is up."
"Been Positive since 1999 &amp; Been taking Atripla since 2011 after changing from my first combination. Atripla has always made me undetectable viral load and CD4 has always been up in the 850 &amp; 900 range, side effects only last less than a month for me, its such a wonder medicine. I am blessed."
"I had very course dark facial hair on dark skin and was constantly self waxing under my chin. If I went a 2 weeks without waxing I felt as if I had beard. After burning my skin several times with hot wax on my face, I turned to shaving. Now shaving had the hair back within 48hrs and causing hair bumps. Embarrassed  but determined, I finally asked my Dr.  For help and after a short time with Vaniqa. .. WOW its working! Notice results after 2 weeks!!! I suggest plucking the area if it&#039;s your face, to remove hair from shaft. Ladies I DON&#039;T recommend shaving  since you&#039;re just cutting the hair not re moving it. I use a small amount 2x a day. The hair that is growing back is much finer and I am plucking very few course hairs."
"Do not take this! It caused my 8 yrs old grave mental issues!"
"I use Cymbalta 60mg at night. I sleep better, eat better, and feel better. Doctor diagnosed me with major depression disorder and placed me on Cymbalta and counseling. My life is 90% better! I am so thankful! Oh, and I had my thyroid checked: low thyroid. I take Synthroid 50mcg in the morning."
"I only now smoke after eating sometimes, and when drinking. Other than that. I don&#039;t smoke more than 3 cigs a day for the most part. I used to smoke a pack and a half a day"
"I have been taking Azurette for 3 years now and I couldn&#039;t of found a better birth control option. It took me maybe a month to get use to but since then I don&#039;t ever have any adverse/side effects. The only downside to the pill is on the sugar pill week I tend to be more moody and irritable than normal. However, it has been super effective in preventing pregnant and regulating my normally horrendous periods that I use to have. My periods are much lighter and bearable. I would definitely recommend azurette to someone else."
"I was initially prescribed Klonopin (Clonazepam) for generalized anxiety disorder. It works very well, not Quite as Quick as Xanax, However It is well worth the wait. I also have panic disorder. It prevents them from happening in the first place. I developed a tolerance to the sedative effect after A month or two. 2 years strong. I take 1-8mgs a day. Use it sparingly. It has a long half life and stays in your body longer than alprazalam. I feel like Xanax lasts a few hours then rebounds. "
"I have forgot to take a couple of times. I am not able to function if I skip I have to go to doctor and beg for more if I run out. I am going to ask to be taken off this medicine and prescribed something else. My last experience was horrible. I ran out for 1 night and when I awoke I was falling everywhere and could not get it under control until I took a pill."
"Hi all, I left my opinion last year around October. And things have changed just a bit. I understood my illness is genetic Bc my uncle had it and my dad has it but don&#039;t accept it I guess. Anyway 70% of cases have a genetic background so feel better about that. You didn&#039;t chose this. I feel Lamictal is not working as well after two years but not a major change. I will increase it from 200mg to 250 this week. I control my depression with clonazepan. I feel anxiety makes depression worse. So when it kicks in then I feel stronger enough to make a prayer and it goes away.we need to do some work in our brain. Everything that is negative you change it for &quot;yes&quot; and I can and I will."
"I have taken Sominex for a few days now and still wake up after 2-3 hours sleep and can&#039;t get back to sleep again. I am so tired. Yet I can fall asleep in the chair really easy in the day. I was hoping Sominex would work but so far it really hasn&#039;t."
"Horrible. I have reoccuring yeast infections for years. I&#039;ve never had the monostat do this to me.  They had to have changes the ingredients.  As soon as I applied it I felt like fire ants were inside me itching and burning. Cannot sleep the itch inside me is driving me crazy. After 2 hrs its calmed some. I will go back to diflucan.  I was just out of it."
"I was prescribed Cephalexin for a 20 day course for a horrid sinus infection. I had a throbbing headache, lots of mucus, etc. but I wasn&#039;t feeling any better so I was prescribed Levaquin. Within the first three days of using Levaquin I felt incredibly tired; just weak, laying around all the time, and unable to sleep during the night. My eyes felt droopy all the time, I was dizzy standing up, my heart raced when I walked up the stairs, and finally on my fourth day taking the medicine I was startled. This had been going on for a couple days, but my head and left shoulder started twitching consistently. I literally could not keep them still. I got worried and called the doctor and was told to stop the drug. I guess it was too powerful for me!"
"I was prescribed Lastacaft twice a day and antibiotic drops 3 times a day (Doc said it was Viral Infection). After 8 days of use I thought I was healed. So I stopped use. A week and 1/2 later for my follow-up appt., the Doc recommended that I continue to use Lastacaft for 2 months. I was feeling fine so I waited a few days to start-up again w/ Lastacaft. I put the drops in one afternoon &amp; ended up taking a nap and woke up with RED SWOLLEN EYES and a disgusting film that was gelatin like and almost looked like a worm! I called the doc and he said it was fine to continue. 6 days gone by I tell him it&#039;s gotten worse, even the whites of my eyes look deformed w/ swollen pockets. My eyes clear up a little when I discontinue use of Lastacaft."
"Complete Thyroidectemy for cancer and two HUGE goiters with several nodules; which were crushing my esophagus.  Immediately put on Thyroxine and became deathly ill within 2 days.  I malabsorb Thyroxine and am severely allergic to lactose, acacia (grass) &amp; sugar.  Dr. insisted on increasing dosage, rather than listening to me; as seems to the usual.  I am still looking for a Dr. with more knowledge about Armour Thyroid than me, because I am still very ill.  But, I would have DIED on Thyroxine and IF I had kept WATCHING my goiter.  The surgeon came out shocked by the &#039;grapefruit&#039; size.   Cancer was almost secondary.   Drs. aren&#039;t even being taught about Armour Thyroid today.  So sad and SO FRIGHTENING.  Is this a way to kill off more seniors?"
"It is a miracle drug. If it helped me, it can help anyone."
"I was prescribed Xanax in 1993 when I started college at age 35. Have Panic Disorder, anxiety disorder and PTSD. Dosage has always been .5-1 mg daily. I&#039;m completely a different person with it!! No more stuttering, no more panic attacks and running out if class to hide. 
I&#039;ve never had to increase the dose since 1993. I could never gave gotten through 16 years of college without it!!"
"This medicine works great for me. No side effects at all. I have the worst migraines. I can not live without this medicine."
"My HbAC1 was at 8.5 and I tried many medicine for 4 years and without great success.   I started using Victoza 7 weeks ago.   First 2 weeks, I used 0.6mg and it did not do much for me, hardly noticed the difference.    I increased to 1.2mg the following week.   I try to remember, but I did not remember much side effect.   I did have bruising at the injection site about 4 times, if you even call that side effect.   The morning blood sugar came normal around 7.2.   I lost only 2 kilograms(4 lb) for the fist 30 days.    On the fifth week, I went to 1.8mg.   Now I really start to feel there is no appetite.   I eat every 2 hours for some fruit or other little snacks.   Now, I do have trouble sleeping, but I can live with that.   a total 9lb now"
"I was so scared to get it but i went in and it was so easy. You feel a little pinch and a small cramp and you are done. Very mild cramping after like the onset of a period..you bleed a little for a day. I did it 8 weeks after having my baby. I havent had it long enough to comment on how it affects my period but the process was a piece of cake."
"In the hospital in excruciating pain with ulcerative colitis, plus I&#039;d just had shoulder surgery. Morphine and codeine make me sick, but Dilaudid was a miracle.  My pain went from a 10 to 0 in minutes!  I slept well, and never got nauseated.  Doctors are reluctant to prescribe it, probably because it&#039;s so powerful.  It really works."
"This is THE worst product EVER!!! Do not waste your money. Go to your doctor instead. Hours after putting the little ball of medication into my vag oh my GOD!!! I was in so much discomfort! My va-jj was on FIRE!!! It burned so bad I almost cried. And it didn&rsquo;t go away either. Nope! Instead, it got progressively worse over the following 2-3 days. Not only that but it made my lady bits swell up!! I was a swollen, burning mess. It was worse than having an actual yeast infection! I&rsquo;m beginning to wonder if the makers of this medication are a bunch of dudes and they are playing a sick joke on all of us women!"
"I had the implanon put in on July 19th 2015. I have had the implanon in for 5 months and 23 days. I had it taken out two days ago after noticing my periods getting heavier. I have had a period everyday I have been on the implanon and bad mood swings. No weight gain though which is good. 
I would not recommend this to anyone."
"It has been 4 months and I have to say it has made a hug difference for me!! I am focusing more, doing better at my current job.  I also feel a certain confidence in my interactions and with interviewing. The thought/words come to me quicker."
"I started using the NuvaRing just yesterday and I have already noticed a dramatic change in my moods. I quickly go from happy to sad, to mad. I felt like I was insane several hours after insertion. Hopefully I can get over the mood swings because other than that I believe the NuvaRing was the best choice for me. It doesn&#039;t hurt at all, it&#039;s easy to use, and my partner said he felt it during sex but not enough to distract or bother him."
"I just finished my first pack and didn&#039;t have a pleasant experience on this pill. My period typically comes around every 3 months and lasts for about 5 days, but I bled the entire time I was on this medication. I also never typically have cramps, but boy did I have cramps. I also didn&#039;t have a problem with acne until I started this pill."
"Very expensive (even with insurance) but it really works for my grandson so we make the sacrifice."
"Cymbalta has turned my life upside down. I was on the awful excuse for a medication for a year and a half taking 100mg every day. Over the past four months I have been weaned off of it by my doctor and 10 days ago was my last dose. I will never ever take that nasty drug ever again. The withdrawals are excruciating. I am absolutely miserable. Even after ten days I am still experiencing the following: nausea, dizziness, fevers, chills, emotional roller coasters, random crying, brain zaps, irritability, loss of appetite, loss of interest to do daily activities, anger, vomiting, isolation, aches and pains in my bones and high levels of anxiety. I feel as if these feelings are never going to end. "
"I have been on Tambacor for 7 years now and in the past 2 years I have been having dizzy spells, almost blackout, panic attacks for no reason, breathing problems out of the blue, eyes are blurring up more and more each year, no energy, weak muscles and not for lack of trying I just can&#039;t get them to tone up so I consider myself weak. My tummy gets upset ringing in the ears and the most annoying other than the dizziness is the low blood pressure it just drops so times!  These are all symptoms for this drug. I was in denial for a long time as these side effects were minimal and just became worse . I&#039;m  not on any other drug. I&#039;ll have to go off it but what&#039;s next??"
"I take this medication for nausea caused by endometriosis pain.  I apparently had also taken it on and off for most of my life, since doctors used to prescribe it to me when I could not stop throwing up.  I only realized recently that the pill that worked so well to stop my vomiting and the one I had just been prescribed were one and the same.  Previously I had been on Zofran, but it only stopped me from throwing up; the nausea persisted.  This medication stops the nausea and gives me an appetite.  My one complaint is that it causes terrible drowsiness for me.  I can be fully rested, but then if I take one pill, I am a walking zombie. So I try to use it sparingly.  Of course, sometimes the drowsiness is worth it."
"This is by far the best pill I have ever tried, and let me tell you, I&#039;ve tried almost everything out there in the past six years. Alesse was the only one that almost worked for me, and I was on it for two years, but I never really got over the nausea and the mood swings. With Lo Lo, I have not experienced any mood swings, no weight gain, no nausea, no tenderness or pain... Nothing. I even managed to take it continuously not to get my period, which I haven&#039;t been able to do with any other pill. I would always end up getting my period, sometimes in the middle of my cycle. I&#039;d always get breakthrough bleeding. This one just works perfectly for me. I&#039;m at four months of use, and I don&#039;t plan on changing it anytime soon."
"I&#039;ve been on Avaine for a month now. Everything is fine, expect for the fact that I might have missed my period. This is my first time using birth control, but I&#039;m assuming that this is just part of starting out. Avaine otherwise has been great."
"I had my tonsils out a little over a week ago at the age of 30. My doctor prescribed Percocet for the pain and although it helped my severe throat and ear pain almost instantly, it was very hard on my stomach. After 2 days I had to stop taking it due to the amount of nausea I was experiencing. As a pain reliver it worked wonders, just be sure to eat before you take it to avoid upset stomach."
"Worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced in my life. Had a yeast infection and called my doctor but I was going to have to wait a couple days to go in. I decided to get Monistat 1 hoping it would clear everything up and I would possibly not have to go to my appointment. After a few hours I started getting horrible burning and itching to the point that I thought I had to go to the emergency room. I searched online and it said cortisone would help with the burning and itching so I used Cortizone 10 and the pain went away pretty quickly. Before I used the cortisone I had been in excruciating pain for about 2-3 hours before this. I will never ever use this product again I felt like my vagina was on fire."
"I just tested positive for my lymes western blot end of August. Started doxcycline 100 mg two daily for 21 days. It is a terrible medication! My belly hurt whether I ate or on an empty stomach and I would get the diarrhea.  I talked to my niece who is a pharmacist about it. She told me to start taking a probiotic  3 everyday. Once I started taking the florajen 3 all my terrible symptoms from the doxcycline disappeared! It&#039;s wonderful now! Don&#039;t mind take the medication at all now. I sure hope it helps. I still don&#039;t feel like myself. Some days are good and some days are bad. Good luck everyone. Hope this helps you all."
"Quit anastrozole after 4 months, was making me so tired, could hardly get out of bed, falling asleep at the wheel.  Have been on Aromasin for 4 months and my hair is falling out quite a lot.  "
"I&#039;ve always had a problem with my underarms getting soaked for no reason. It could be freezing and I would still be wet. There was no smell, just the wetness. As a high school student, I always tried to cover it up with dark clothes and baggy shirts. I&#039;ve been using hyper care for about a week and it&#039;s amazing! I&#039;ve been completely dry since the first use. However, the first two uses made my arms burn really bad. They were really sensitive to the touch for the next two days. I just applied it again for the 3rd time this week and it is just a small tingling feeling. At first it may burn, but if you&#039;re like me, it was worth it! Great product!"
"My gyno put in a Ortho Tri Cyclen prescription for me at CVS and they gave me Tri-Estarylla instead. Fine. Ive taken Ortho Tri-Cylen Lo, Ortho Tri-Cyclen, Trinessa and Tri-Sprintec and had no issues for adult acne. 

I took it for about a week and a half and it was AWFUL. The first week it was OK, but the second week...all hell broke loose. I do struggle with anxiety which does rear its ugly head now and again, but this was bad. Really, really bad. I went through a very rough patch at the beginning of 2016 with bad insomnia and rumination. Last week, it came back--mood swings, crying emotional outbursts, little sleep, rumination, etc. I stopped taking it and now feel normal."
"I hate Nexplanon. I&#039;ve been on it for 2 months and I&#039;ve been having periods every 2 weeks and thy last for 2 weeks! I&#039;ve been feeling depressed, I have cravings and eat more than before, I&#039;ve been having baby fever for some reason, and I want to cry for no reason most of the time! I&#039;m really getting tired of it and I will most likely take it out. The only positive thing about it is that it is effective."
"I was prescribed Doxycycline the summer. I had moderate to severe acne and within a month my face had almost cleared all up. It was great. I continued taking the pill for a year and a half but as I continued I realized my acne was slowly coming back even with the pill. My face had become resistant to doxycycline so I now switched to another antibiotic. My only advice to you, try it if you want to but as many others have said it&#039;s only a temporary solution."
"Zovirax is my first choice for treatment of cold sores which I&#039;ve had since I was a young girl. Using it in conjunction with Abreva helps promote healing from within the sores; and eliminates the crusty/scabbing that comes with cold sores. Abreva is best used at the first sign of any itching (that familiar feeling of onset) apply as directed on the bottle, and your cold sore will be gone without anyone noticing you even have one. I am just getting over one and with Abreva alone it took three days, no scabbing or crusty formation making it unsightly and causing embarrassment."
"I&#039;ll keep this short.  Works great for pain. WILL ROT YOUR TEETH OUT. Just a warning to people who think this drug is cool and hip. It&#039;s not. It&#039;s the devil. Once you get hooked you are hooked and its not very fun. You&#039;ve been warned."
"I was given this medicine by a regular medical doctor in tandem with Prozac and Ambien.  What a horrible combo!!!!  After being on Abilify for several weeks every nerve ending in my body felt like they were on fire.  I was hyper and couldn&#039;t stay seated.  I found out that this medicine was burning my brain and causing Akathisia.   I called my doctor and told him what was going on and he wanted to double the milligram.  I said....ohhhhhhhh no your not!!!!!  Because of this medicine combo things got so bad I tried suicide back in February of 2015.  I took 13 sleeping pills. The hospital doctor in the psych ward said the combination I was on was wrong and he was surprised I wasn&#039;t in the hospital earlier !!!"
"I started this about a week and half ago and I haven&#039;t had any nausea a little dizziness or more of an off balance feeling. Went to the doctor today and am already down 6 pounds! She upped my dose to the 1.2 and after reading the reviews I am a little worried with the side affects seeing how they didn&#039;t really affect till they increased in the dose. My sugar has seen a little decrease but still needs some work. My appetite has also decreased. Thanks for all the reviews it helped me a lot!"
"Ativan has been a life saver on several occasions in treating my ongoing anxiety; however, I hate that it&#039;s so &#039;short lived&#039;.  I take it only when I need it but have noticed that the more I need it, the stronger dose I need as well. I started out by breaking my 1mg tabs in half, now I find myself taking 1-2mg at a time in order to feel any relief from the anxiety."
"My psych. put me on this yesterday and I took it today for the first time this morning. It made me feel cloudy all day and it made my anxiety worse. Ativan works way better! Never taking Vistaril ever again!"
"I have severe Crohn&#039;s Disease and after 15 months of taking Humira I developed night sweats and my abdomen was swollen so much it displaced some of my organs causing pain. I headed to emergency and after PET scan I was diagnosed with Hodgkin&#039;s Lymphoma cancer."
"It doesn&#039;t stop a cold sore forming and doesn&#039;t stop the pain and tingling. It may however reduce the size of the cold sores"
"It is a LIFE SAVER. Since I started the medication, I never had anxiety again. I can drive whenever I want and I can do things that I would avoid before the medication. I really recommend this medicine. I think that it does a lot of good things. My mom has also had a really good experience with it as well. I am on 10mg and I haven&#039;t had to change yet. I am also prescribed Xanax for the anxiety, but I never take it because the anxiety seems to have disappeared. I gave the medicine a 9 because I have NO sex drive since I started taking Lexapro. I don&#039;t like it, but I&#039;ll take no sex drive over being miserable. Good luck!"
"WORST MEDICATION EVER!!!! 
The only reason I&#039;m giving this medication a 2 is because it does clear u out. I&#039;ve suffered with constipation for several years, sometimes I will go 7-11 days without a BM. This time it&#039;s been 8 days and I&#039;m miserable so I decided to take dulcolax, I have taken it in the past but the symptoms were not as bad as they have been this time. I took 1 pill around 1:00pm, around 4:00 with no signs of anything I decided to take 1 more, still nothing so decided to eat some Mexican food around 7:30. HUGE MISTAKE. Stomach cramps started around 9:30, got worse as the time went on. 
Here it is 12:00am, I&#039;ve been sitting on toilet since 9:45 in extreme pain and hot flashes, had my first BM around 11:45 and feeling very sick!"
"Before taking pantoprazole I experienced burning in the center and left of my chest day and night. Now, I am symptom free regardless of diet. I have also lost 61 pounds since then, so my weight loss may have contributed as well, however even before weight loss I was symptom free."
"I am a 69 year old male , 6&#039;4&quot; currently about 210 #.About six months ago experienced afib when first diagnosed was given Metoprolol and within a few days was extremely weak and could hardly breath.  My cardiologist changed to diltiazem and it was like night and day.  I had plenty of energy and the breathing issues ended.  Since being diagnosed with afib I have stopped drinking alcohol, began a low carb diet that includes lots of vegetables, protein and omega 3s. All in all a pretty healthy diet. I also have lost about 30lb in that time period.  At my 6 month Doctors check up prior to meeting with my cardiologist I commented about discomfort in my breasts, and was diagnosed with Gynecomastia. Fasting blood sugar 104 to 132. Concerned"
"I have CFS with neuropathic pain in both legs, the pins and needles, shooting burning pain and feet that are either freezing or burning.
I was intially given Amitriptlyne which worked very well but left me with a hangover in the morning, not good when you have to drive 50 miles to work at 4am. 
My Neurologist put me on Venlafaxine which again worked but gave me too many side effects.
Gabapentin was prescribed by my GP and within a day my walking went from a 70+ Y/O to a normal 53 Y/O, my dose needs increasing now as I am only on 600mg daily and I am struggling again. Best drug ever with no noticible side effects - UK based"
"The last 4 weeks of my pregnancy, I began suffering severe gall bladder issues. After birth, I tried to tough it out, due to nursing. Ten weeks later (14 weeks on) I was in pain unlike anything I&#039;d ever known! A stone had passed out of my gall bladder into the common duct shared with the pancreas, and had lodged in my pancreas - I was also suffering severe pancreatitis. AGONY would&#039;ve been a blessing. After trying numerous medicines that didn&#039;t touch the pain, I was given Demoral. OH! MY! GAWD! I was in tears, because for the first time in months, I didn&#039;t feel like I was on Death&#039;s door. I&#039;d forgotten what it meant to be pain - free! Every few hours, beautiful nurses came, and &quot;topped me off&quot;. My &quot;con&quot;? For the first 20 minutes, I couldn&#039;t shut up!"
"It was like a light bulb went on in my brain."
"At first it seemed to help, didn&#039;t connect the rash to the medication, then blurred vision, high anxiety, nausea, tightness in my chest &amp; felt extremely ill, like I was going to die or have a heart attack."
"I knew I was different when I went to school. Being an only child I was very loved and cared for. I lived for the attention in kindergarten I knew I was not like everyone else it took me longer to learn things than others I wouldn&#039;t listen fully to instructions. I was so eager to please I fell over myself trying to prove things to be accepted I was outgoing and a class clown my mother always got notes home about me things like she doesn&#039;t sit still gets out of her seat talk talk talk I&#039;m grown and my mother has passed away. My best friend therapist has shown me PTSD and ADHD, now I know who I am now."
"I have taken lexapro 10mg for 5 years now.  I recently tried to come off of lexapro due to sexual side effects and had really bad withdrawl symptoms.  I am back on lexapro 5mg and will not try to change for a LONG time.  This medicine keeps me level and keeps me from crying all the time for no reason."
"If this pill doesn&#039;t work then no pill will work. Condom broke an I was scared to death. Took this pill within 12 hours, got my period 5 days late (the worst 5 days if my life). Never been so happy bleeding.

P.S. Except for mild cramping I did not have any side effect."
"I started taking Prozac in 1993.  I actually was suicidal and depressed in 1972, but the kind of treatment prescribed was to see a shrink, which I didn&#039;t talk to.  I tried to kill myself (unsuccessfully) many times.  I just didn&#039;t want to live anymore, a very terribly sad feeling of not belonging, even in family gatherings.  In 1993 I started 20 mg of Prozac, first week was great...I was very energetic and I didn&#039;t feel like eating, but after that it evened out and I felt better.  I then went up to 40 mg. Two years ago I started pulling my hair out. Went up to 80 mg, but was too much and my doc kept me on 60 mg.  I still can&#039;t stop pulling my hair out. Does Prozac cause this OCD?  I thought it was supposed to help it."
"Had a wisdom tooth removed and was prescribed these(400mg&times;3 times daily)I was warned no alchohol so I had a good run at the wine after the extraction and started these the next morning.I felt a bit nauseous after the 1st and worse after the second but it might be because of the 3 bottles of wine.Hopefully they will do the trick.I think if I ever get them prescribed again I&#039;ll go without the alchohol beforehand"
"I was diagnosed worh pa in 2004 after trying methotrexate (horibble drug which caused blackouts) I am now 37. I was prescribed Humira. I had severe plaque psoriasis and limited mobility. After the initial fear the injections were very easy to administer. I inject into my tummy, occasionally I get one that stings. This drug has saved my life. After the first injection I noticed improvement with pain and after 6 weeks my psoriasis had cleared up. I was able to take my daughter swimming after hiding behind my clothes for Years. If you read the leaflet there are hideous side affects and I feel sad that a lot Of people experience these. I have taken it for 3 years and it has improved my quality of life."
"I&#039;ve been Bi polar for over 20 years and have tried practically every mood stabilizer and antidepressant there is and some would work for awhile then poop out. Saphris is like a miracle medicine. I don&#039;t feel depressed, I have more energy and motivation and my moods are stable. I take one 10 mg tab at bedtime and wake up the next morning feeling alive and ready for the day. I would encourage anyone who is suffering from bipolar depression and mood swings to give this medicine a try. You won&#039;t be disappointed.  One caveat though is without insurance it is very expensive."
"Was taking this along with 450mg of Lyrica a day and 150mg of Tramadol a day. Nothing helped with pain but I went into such a depression that I could no longer even go out into public. I slowly weened myself off of all of it. I have pain but at least I can go out into the public."
"I&#039;ve been using Gianvi for the last 4 years.  Other pills used to make me spot inbetween periods.  This pill changed everything!  My period is so regular now comes every month on the expected day always within 3 hours of each other.  Way less cramping, no side effects, and it only lasts around 4 days.  Make sure you get Gianvi and not a generic version as they effected me differently.  Awesome BC!"
"I took it for the first time last night when a wave of nausea came over me and bam! Cleared it right up. It&#039;s the next day and still no side effects what so ever. I&#039;m very impressed with this medication and Highly recommend it."
"First 3 months I spotted but been on for about 8 months and it is amazing. Less periods means less pain for me PLUS my periods have been very light!"
"I had every side effect  even pain in my temples which was so painful that I thought they were going to bust and was ready to go to the ER, when I decided to look my meds up online and found that Keppra was causing these side effects, and people were going to the ER for this.  Also, I was having so many memory problems I couldn&#039;t remember anything from 2 mins prior. I had Agitation, Anixiety, Angry Outbursts, I had to Go..I mean go.. I couldn&#039;t stay still sometimes I felt like I had to leave it was crazy.. I was loosing my mind.. I had no control I was very Angry lots of outbursts and I couldn&#039;t control it! When I looked up all of the side effects I couldn&#039;t believe how I felt was right there, it was me right there."
"I was given this medication the first time in a walk in clinic in the form of an IM injection. I don&#039;t know the dose but it worked magically! I have been suffering from severe migraines for over 20 years. I also take Zomig as needed. I told my GP about the effects I had with Torodol. I have tried literally everything for my migraines from natural treatment to every recommended medication. Nothing works to stop like this medication and sometimes I have to combine with the Zomig. I&#039;m happy it isn&#039;t a narcotic and doesn&#039;t give me that looped out feeling. I just want to feel normal and this seems to help when I have severe pain of migraines. The doctor gave me an oral prescription which isn&#039;t as fast as the injection but it still seems to work."
"My son is 9 and has severe growth hormone deficiency.  He has been taking Tev-Tropin for over 2 years now.  He started out below the 3rd percentile in height and is now above the 25th percentile.  He has a better appetite, and is doing great!  We are so thankful for this medicine and have had no side effects to report."
"Taking it since last 3 days, no side effects so far. I am hoping that after a month my rest results come up better. I am already undetectable. I hated taking 4-5 combination for drugs. Now I am happy with a pill."
"I have been on Aromasin (Exemestane) 25 mg for three years.  I tried the other two Inhibitors but had severe bone pain so this one is the best of the bunch.  I do have some joint pain, low stamina, no libido, waking throughout the night, swollen fingers, toes and abdomen, severe hot flashes that feel like I&#039;m being burned at the stake and the worse one is the weight gain.  I&#039;ve gained 50 pounds in the last two years and still have two years to go. My doctor put me on Clonidin every 6 hours because my skin was allergic to the 24 hour patch.  It helps ease the hot flashes for about 4 hours.  He doesn&#039;t have any advice for my inability to lose weight and the fact that I keep gaining even though I exercise and eat the same as before.  Ugghhh!"
"It helps you see the bright side of life and calm down."
"I&#039;m 27 with no kids. I do not want kids and never have. I wanted something long term that was more reliable than the pill and wouldn&#039;t mess with me in the way the shot does. I&#039;ve had Mirena for several months now. At first the cramping was odd and painful, nothing I couldn&#039;t handle, it would happen sporadically and would subside after a few minutes. A few months into it, its pretty much gone. No periods and minimal spotting. It was literally, for me &quot;stick it and forget it&quot; I&#039;m very happy with it. No weight gain, no acne, no mood swings. I&#039;m still my regular self. For the insertion  I was really scared and my OB gave me something for nerves. Honestly it just felt like a deep cramp. I didn&#039;t feel the pinch. but its different for everyone."
"I have taken Nexavar for almost eight years, with stable disease. The most on going side effect is only the bottoms of my feet bother me, like they bother a diabetic, I have to buy cotton socks, and they bother me during each season than there ok after a few weeks. I have worked five days a week, this whole time and only missed a day because of a doctors appointment every three months."
"Dr. ordered 6mg of this for back spasms because flexeril was not doing the job. Had the most bizarre reaction to any medication I ever took. I&#039;ve had allergic reactions before but this was disturbing. Within 45 minutes of taking the 6mg capsule I could not open my eyes even though I tried. Then I started sweating profusely from every pore in my body. Then I became paralyzed! I tried to lift my arms and couldn&#039;t! My breathing became shallow and I started hallucinating! I was finally able to get out of my chair and get into bed after 2 1/2 hours. This was a &quot;one and done&quot; medication for me!"
"I took this pill for about a month. I started it on the first day of my period like my Dr recommended. Week 2 after my period I spotted for like two days. Spotting stopped and started a few days later. The pill made me very angry as well. My period I&#039;d now 12 days late , I&#039;m afraid I&#039;m pregnant. But maybe this is just a side affect of the pill???"
"I have taken plan B twice and both times I have been an emotional wreck. My PMS was intensified. Crying for no reason and irritability. My period was also out of whack for a couple of months after. Besides that, no other effects."
"I have lost 60 pounds in 5 months and this is the best thing I have ever done for weight loss.  First thing i did was empty house of bad foods, then stopped carbonated drinks.  Drug is amazing in that I have to make myself eat some days.  A little concerned that 12 pound/month loss is not ho;going up this month.  Try this drug it may save your life."
"Received a small sample from my doctor. I liked it she also gave me the card, to see if I can get it cheaper. Well with my Insurance it&#039;s $55, with the card $14.99. So I filled it today"
"Horrible side effects. Purchased 90 day supply and can&#039;t finish them. Waste of money and doesn&#039;t work."
"I started Paxil 15 years ago after a stroke. Lately felt maybe it&#039;s not as effective my Dr switched me to 40 mg of celexa same as my Paxil. After six days on the new one I felt like I was having problems with weakness on one side and felt like I didn&#039;t have long to live etc.  so got myself into a big panic attack. Back on Paxil for now feeling better."
"Hi all I&#039;ve been on sertraline for just over 7 weeks started out on 25mg then 50mg then worked my way up to 100mg. I had 
every side affect going BUT I did not give up I suffered from severe anxiety, could not leave the house, my husband had to take time off work to look after me, BUT Now I am nearly back to my old self, going out, if you are just starting out on sertraline please please give it time to work and hold on in there IT WILL GET BETTER ."
"Took a ten day dosage for urethritis (similar to UTI) and it did not cure it - though some symptoms went away. My friend also had it, though, and it worked fine for him.  I recently changed to Ciprofloxacin, so hopefully that will have better results."
"Started on celexa 8 yrs ago.  It was tremendously successful at 60mg, so much so that I nicknamed it routine Xanax.  Then FDA directed lower dose to 40mg for senior citizens due to small possibility of dropping dead from altered heart rhythm.  So my shrink and I tried Zoloft(I felt zombified).  Lost two Drs. cause they transferred to different departments, then we tried adding wellbutrin to cover the side effects, but that simulated taking a strong stimulant, shakey and anxious.  Was was then carefully switched to effexor  SR.  Once completely off the wellbutrin and Zoloft, and taking Effexor  SR caps 150mg, I&#039;m now, after a few days, approaching benefits of celexa, with side effects decreasing or gone.  Will ask for 1 more slight dose increase."
"Wellbutrin did nothing for me and Strattera caused erectile dysfunction and significant sleep disorders.  My doctor slowly increased my Adderall XR dosage until I hit the &quot;sweet spot&quot; which was 30mg for me.  40mg made me a little jittery and anxious.  In the correct dosage Adderall has improved my quality of life with no side effects.  I should note that if I miss a day I am fine but any longer without it and I become lethargic - so remember to refill your prescription as soon as you can so you don&#039;t run out.  I take the generic of this drug and it works great."
"I have been on Gilenya for 4 months now. The first two weeks I was tired, blood pressure was running low and I felt lethargic all the time. But starting week 3, I was back to normal. I have had zero issues, and no side effects. Its so easy to just take a pill a day and not think about it. I love the convenience of it all. I recently had an MRI after completing 3 months on it - no new lesions. I guess it is too early to say if it is working, but it sure &#039;feels&#039; like it is."
"I was on amox clav 875/125 for 8 weeks as my ENT ordered. Here I am two month later with the same sinusitis still."
"I&#039;m having the same issues as most on here. I&#039;m taking them to control heavy periods and cramps, depression and being tired. I have to say it&#039;s helped the depression and the being tired but I&#039;m still having heavy periods and cramping. Like others at the beginning I had weird on and off bleeding. I&#039;m switching to something else to lessen the heavy periods."
"Guys okay so like you I was freaking out because I thought I may be pregnant. I was just finishing my first pack of birth control pills (usually takes about an entire pack before it becomes fully reliable) when I had sex with my boyfriend. Unfortunately the condom broke, and we went into a frenzy. I started researching Plan B and found these reviews online and was pleased with the overall effectiveness. I have friends that have used it but I wanted to check for myself. Just to be safe, I took the Plan B pill about 4 hours after the condom breaking. I, unlike many others, experienced no side effects at all other than having to poop more than usual. 4 days later, I got my period!! :)"
"Started Saxenda 5 weeks ago. Titrated to 3.0 ml Have lost 14.5 lbs. Side effects minimal: nausea and heartburn for approximately 2 days after increasing dose. Also more thirst and dry mouth. Side effects are tolerable. Insurance is covering and with discount card I pay $30. I am using my Fitness Pal app to track calories and nutrients. Mild exercise. Cravings for sweets are minimal, appetite is down. Very pleased with results to this point. Will be curious to see new A1c values at my next visit."
"I started Latuda about a month ago. Its hard to know if is truly working because I am trying to come off of 300 mg of Seroquel. Whoever wrote Latuda made them restless, this happened to me too so my doctor gave me Cogentin and it worked. I&#039;m still hungry all the time but once I&#039;m off Seroquel I shouldn&#039;t be. I also take Vyvanse, Lorazepam, Restoril, and Keppra which is for my seizure disorder. I say Latuda is an 8 so far my paranoia is gone."
"It helps when I am having a bad episode with my legs, it helps me calm down enough to sleep."
"Stay away from this drug. Few Doctors know how intense it is and what its effects are.  I was precribed much &quot;stronger&quot; opiates before and after, up to oxycodone. Tramadol blew them out of the water. 

I have (had as of 1month ago) been on tramadol for 7 years.  I have 2 pars fractures in my low back and this was what I relied on to alleviate any pain. I started with a single 50mg/daily and gradually worked up to 400/mg. I never abused the drug, I simply did what the doctor told me to do. 

The level of addiction and dependence to this drug is insane. The withdrawal is the worst thing I have ever experienced. Because of that and its negative effects on my life, relationships, work and happiness, I checked into a detox program and am done."
"I bled 24-7 the entire time I had my Implanon. I gained 17 pounds in 6 months. Developed Cystic acne, mood swings, crampand constant headaches, and severe depression. If you don&#039;t handle pregnancy hormones well, then don&#039;t get this form of birth control. "
"Sooo I&#039;m 26 been suffering 5 years. It started in my scalp and then spread to my ears eye lids elbows knees and little patches on my torso. Last year to my horror it decided to make an appearance on my penis and stayed and got worse for the whole year. At this point I was as low as a man could be. Constantly on my mind constantly severely depressed with it and was annoyed with things that don&#039;t work. I was in lots of pain and self confidence non existent just wishing for a life with nice skin. Three weeks ago I was put on methotrexate. One week later my penis was totally and i mean totally clear and has stayed clear "
"My expierence with the impant has not been good. I am sad and upset all the time. I cry over everything. I am extremely irritable and anxious. I&#039;ve had this in for almost a year and I&#039;m not happy ever anymore.
I am getting the Nexplanon taken out as soon as I can to get a new birth control prescribed."
"Took 2 weeks to work- but it DOES work and I am so happy."
"Wellbutrin relieved my internal feelings of turmoil but turned me very edgy, rude, and angry at inappropriate times. Not a fun person to be around. And while it helped me emotionally alittle, it did nothing spectatular."
"I was on Effexor for a few months only and found it to be not particularly helpful. I had weight gain, extreme tiredness during the day and feeling &#039;blah&#039;. I decided to go off them and it took me longer to get off them than I had been taking them. The withdrawal was terrible. I had head spins that would last all day, couldn&#039;t focus, extreme dizziness if I turned too quickly etc. "
"Taking 7.5mg, started one month ago. I was very nervous about taking my first dose,  but it&#039;s improved my quality of life dramatically. I sleep around 2hr after dosing, so I take it at about 8pm. I do experience some rather odd dreams! Which I find interesting rather than unpleasant, zero weight gain thus far. To anyone suffering from insomnia, don&#039;t be scared of this drug it feels like a very natural sleep/tiredness feeling at 7.5mg."
"It did burn initially however after 15 minutes the burning sensation died down and the itching stopped :D"
"I&rsquo;ve taken Clonazepam on and off for about ten years. I had to stop taking it when I started suboxone, and my panic attacks came back. Being off it is the worst feeling I can imagine. It made me realize how much it helps with anxiety and panic. Luckily, I&rsquo;m back on it now at 0.5mg three times a day. It&rsquo;s truly a lifesaver. I&rsquo;d highly recommend it to anyone struggling with panic attacks."
"Taking Losartan 50mg for approximately 2.5 years.  Within the last 8-months started getting abdominal pains which after a run would work its way down into my groin area and then either my left or right hip joint.  The pain became overwhelming where I have recently stopped running.  After cutting out all my medication for 4-days I am pain free.  I did do a CAT Scan on my abdomen and hip with no findings.  I did not put together that after 2.5 years I would start having a reaction to the medication.   Getting ready to start running again and look into a new BP  medication."
"After reading a lot of negative reviews I was nervous at first to start Kariva. I automatically thought it was going to be bad for me but I have not had one bad thing to say about Kariva. It cleared my skin a couple months after starting it along with preventing pregnancy. Other than that my sex drive, weight, moods and eating habits have all stayed the same. I think it really differs from person to person because I love it."
"Amitiza has worked great for me every time that I have taken it. I only have to take it as needed. It works very fast! Usually between 30 min-1hour. Longest it has ever taken was 3 hours. No cramping or distention. Only problem is the diarrhea, sometimes explosive. Still better than being constipated to the point of impaction though. Word of caution: If you take it, beware of passing gas...it sometimes isn&#039;t just gas you are feeling...lets just say you may be in a bit of a messy situation if you aren&#039;t careful!"
"I have been using cymbalta for about 6 months now, I have severe leg pain caused by compartment syndrome and chronic low back pain and my md has me on cymbalta and lyrica for this pain and it has kept it under control, I still have to take percocet a few times a day but my pain is better with cymbalta and my depression has even gotten a lot better. Two birds with one stone type of deal."
"I have suffered from anxiety disorder for over 3 years now. Recently I hit rock bottom again and haven&#039;t been able to leave the house. I felt terrible. Doctor prescribed me 2mg of diazepam and after 20 minutes I already feel so much calmer. I only have a few days worth (just to help my citalopram kick in) - but it is great at calming you down."
"Friday I bought the one day extra strength day or night medication and it worked fine. I put it on during the day and just worked through it with a liner of course since it does leak out. I felt so much better the next day. Then Sunday night I started to feel it coming back so I went back to cvs but this time I bought the cvs brand. I went home and inserted it and went straight to bed. I woke up with this terrible itching and had trouble sleeping. After I got up in the morning I showered and I started getting this burning feeling and almost like I&#039;m raw down there. I&#039;m not sure if the extra strength only works like it&#039;s suppose to if you truly need extra strength and maybe should use the lower dosage if you don&#039;t have a bad YI."
"I used to get a shot of this for my psoriasis, and it did clear up everything in less than a week, However I found that the lesions returned within a few months (3). I was advised to not get the kenalog shots more than twice a year because I have a slightly higher enzyme count in my liver."
"I take 20mg every night to help with my muscle spasms associated with Fibromyalgia. It helps to relax your muscles while you are sleeping so that they are not painful when you get out of bed in the morning. I find that the dose at night before I go to sleep helps to set up a pain-free day. (The Flexeril dose does not start at 20mg. A tolerance to the medicine is needed to take that dose.)"
"I started taking Amoxicillin for an inner ear infection. It knocked the pain and tenderness out pretty quick, but after just a couple of days of taking it, I started having trouble breathing. No matter how many times I yawn or try to take a deep breath, it doesn&#039;t work. It&#039;s like I can&#039;t get enough oxygen. It&#039;s been frustrating feeling like I can&#039;t catch my breath, and has made it difficult to get to sleep. But at least my ear infection is better!"
"I had a hysterectomy over 25 years ago and was on HRs since then.  However, I am on medicare and they don&#039;t easily cover HR prescriptions for women over 65.  I quit taking them last summer and since have suffered with hot flashes, night sweats...waking up every 2 hours drenched with sweat.  I went back to my doctor to ask about getting back on HRs and she suggested that I try Effexor 37.5mg for a month to see if it would help.  Well, the first couple of weeks my hot flashes disappeared.  But as my body adjusted to the medication, the hot flashes started coming back.  I now have 2 or 3 during the day and sometimes 1 at night but I find that is tolerable.  My doctor said she could up the dosage if I wanted but I said no, I was fine with it."
"I have gone through 5 rounds of euflexxa injections the first couple pain returned in about 3 months then it went to 4 months and now this last time it last  6 months. I still have pain when walking or standing for I am bone on bone with both knees but it helps bring my pain from a 10 down to a 4-5  I&#039;m so glad for the euflexxa it is better than the cortisone with its side effects"
"Had severe headache for 2 days.  Went to GP and was diagnosed with tension migraine. Given Toradol injection and within 30-40 min headache pain subsided. No side effects."
"I have been taking Prilosec for several years and I take one with water every morning about 30 minutes before I get up and it has totally eliminated any burning in my chest/esophagus. Also, I learned not to eat any Mexican or spicy food within 3 -4 hours before going to bed."
"I don&#039;t usually review anything online but I really feel like I need to share my experience with this pill. I was on Yasmin for a year and a half and although superficially it was okay (no weight gain, no acne etc), mentally I went crazy and this seems to be the case for a lot of women. I was anxious, my mind was foggy, I was snappy and overly aggressive (which is very unlike me), and generally just didn&#039;t feel myself. I then spoke to a doctor following an anxiety breakdown and they said it could&#039;ve been due to my pill. I recently changed from yasmin to another pill and it has changed my life. I FINALLY feel myself again and I&#039;ve realised how much yasmin messed me up. I would not recommend this pill or experience to anyone."
"I&#039;ve had Migraines for 40 yrs. I take Topamax 200mg2x/ day. I added Ami about 4 months ago, it has drastically reduced my Migraines. I had surgery, that interfered with sleep. This was my cure drug, except for the WGT gain I experienced.a wonderful combination w Topamax, n triptans."
"Did not need to take full dose of six tablets daily - only one tablet each morning and years of &quot;dumping&quot; syndrome following meals has completely stopped!  Fabulous, unexpected results.......love my GI doctor for prescribing this medicine!"
"I started taking Yaz 2 months ago and for the first 5 weeks I hated it. My skin was worse then ever and I was about to stop. It&#039;s been close to 8 weeks now and my skin feels amazing! I have no bumps left on my face, maybe a few scars but they are slowly fading! I use Phisophex with Yaz and so far it&#039;s amazing. Keep going with Yaz and don&#039;t get freaked out in the first few weeks.  I didn&#039;t gain any weight and no other side effects. I&#039;m all for Yaz."
"I gave this product 3 stars only because I have a high tolerance even though I am a tiny woman, so my experience may not be the norm. That being said, I had been using Ambien for my insomnia for quite a few months and it was starting to take hours before it would put me to sleep. My Dr. recommended we switch it up to see if another product worked better. I took Lunesta for only two nights before I knew it was not for me. Not only did it keep me awake, but it made my heart race and heightened my already bad anxiety. I immediately switched back to Ambien and I will stay put w that. I&#039;m writing this as I hope this helps someone else like me. Had I read some reviews like this, I would have never switched over."
"I am a 58 year old female who had two afib episodes in a 6 week period that did not stop until I was converted back to sinus rhythm in the ER. I had been on Metoprolol for two years but after the second afib incident, I was also put on 50mg of Flecainide two times a day. I have had no side effects except a lower heart rate, therefore my Metoprolol dosage had to be adjusted down to 25 mg. a day from 50."
"I had vulvodynia for around 11 years Nortriptyline helped a great deal but I gradually reduced dose from 30ml to 10ml what really helped was activan medical honey every night a small amount on cottonwool  bud helps heal the tissues in the vulva I am 78 years and was determined to find a cure."
"I was on Buprenorphine for 13 months for Fibromyalgia after 2 car accidents. It did help and relieve a lot of my pain, but at first I was so drowsy, I was falling asleep while driving. Also, the withdrawals from this medication can last for weeks."
"Diagnosed with a UTI.  It was either in its very early stages or my own immune system was doing a fair job combating the infection since I didn&#039;t realize I had the UTI until a general Wellness exam revealed it&#039;s presence.  My Doc prescribed Cipro, 500mg X2 daily for a week.  I had never taken this type/class of antibiotics AND I had no known allergies of any kind.  About a half-hour after swallowing the first pill I felt hot, dizzy, nauseous and within five minutes of those symptoms, I started violently vomiting....the kind of projectile launching that feels like it originates in your toes.  About an hour later, shaking and weak, I contacted my doctor&#039;s office for a different Rx.  I&#039;ll never again take Cipro-Floxa-anything."
"I&#039;m pregnant and my dr recommended me to take unisom and b6 at night for my morning sickness and neasua. When I took it i easily fell asleep but I could not sleep throught the night I would wake up at least 3-4 times. I work up irritable (more Than normal for being pregnant) and it also triggered my migraines. Almost Everytime I took this I would get RLY bad headaches"
"I see a lot of people bad mouth this medication. It works extremely well for me, and I responded within just a few days. My psych doc says he has a number of patients that this med worked well for as well. It is also an effective antidepressant for me. Just my experience."
"I have used the fentanyl patch in times past with very good success for the treatment of severe (7-9) range pain due to spinal injuries and deteriation. From my broad experience over the last ten years, I believe this to be the most effective medication. I got off it during a period of some symptom improvement and have been using methadone and percocet instead. I am now at a point that I am needing to resume the fentanyl. It is a very serious medication and I strongly suggest you don&#039;t use it if you can get along with anything else. More than most others it requires a highly personalized approach to amount and timing of dosage so counsel with your pharmacist and doctor. Do NOT try to get off of this med without your Dr&#039;s help."
"I have been using this for years for my migraines. I was on the lower dose until the last 6 months. My dosage was increased because the lower dose quit working for me. I would have to take one, wait 2 hours then take a 2nd one, and most of the time I ended up in the ER for a &quot;migraine cocktail&quot; because it wouldn&#039;t go away. ANYWAY, after my dosage was increased it worked for me again. I do not have any side effects at all and it does not make me loopy or tired. I can get back to my day within about 30-45 minutes after taking it. I would recommend it!"
"I am taking Exforge 5/220 for 6 weeks now. I take it mornings and within 30 minutes I start feeling sick on my stomach. Blood pressure is down some but I feel tired all the time and have a dull headache. Going to see my doctor this week and ask to be taken off. I can&#039;t stand the nausea, or staying tired. I have always slept 5 hours a night and always had energy. Now I sleep 8 or 9 hours and yawn all day. The only other medicines I take are Synthroid and Bystolic, 5mg tablet. I take the Bystolic at bedtime so it doesn&#039;t cause the nausea. This is about the 6th medicine I have tried, maybe I am allergic to blood pressure medicines. It gets trying."
"Methotrexate has a profound effect on my life. I have been taking it for nearly 5 months and can walk freely again after 6 long months of suffering. I have experienced no major side effects and have even lost a little weight which was surprising. Another pleasing change was not only did my arthritis clear up rapidly but my skin has cleared as well. My nails are also smoother and less pitted. Methotrexate is truly a wonder drug. It has transformed my life. It is remarkable."
"It has made me irritable, socially awkward, has not helped my anxiety, makes me light-headed a for a bit after I take it, and gives me the general sense that something is &quot;off&quot;"
"This product no doubt works, but will scare the hell out of you in the process . It basically gives you pregnancy symptoms. My cycle started to days ahead of time . I&#039;m just glad I&#039;m not having a baby ."
"I start Qsymia five days ago and am down one pound.  I agree with other users that you do still want to eat, just the constant cravings are not there. I am most concerned about the drowsiness.  It is the only side effect I have had and I wonder how long it will last.  "
"I had a SynVisc1 shot 10 days ago. Was so looking forward to it as the cortisone shot I had gotten before it lasted a short 2 months. I had tried earlier to have the shot but Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield would not approve it til I tried other options. So then the cortisone was done. Then they approved it. It was a pain thru Wellmark. And a bigger pain when the SynVisc1 was done. Excruciating pain! Thought I was gonna pass out! Barely made it to my car. I am in much pain. Can&#039;t bend my knee. Shooting pain from tip of toe to butt. I am waiting impatiently. Some people say they got theirs done with an ultrasound guidance. I did not. I question if he hit the spot. He is one of the top orthopeds in Cedar Rapids. Said may take 30 DAYS!"
"Long history of lack of physical stamina in spite of as much exercise as I could manage.
Three doses of Anoro and it all changed. 6 months now and no problem with the medicine. Jost hope it continues."
"I had my first shot about a month ago. No period so far (which kind of makes me nervous, but I&#039;m sure it&#039;s just the shot). I&#039;ve kind of broken out on my chin, but nothing serious. I will be starting Calcium supplements tomorrow. I&#039;m not a fan of taking the pill because I know I would forget to take it. So far, I love Depo."
"I take 20 mg of Celexa and 300 of Welbutrin. When I don&#039;t take them, I&#039;m much more irritable. I can still feel sadness and happiness, I just feel level somehow. If you stop cold turkey, it causes nausea, for me anyways, and i can tell I feel different off them. Still have some obsessive tendencies but overall, I wouldn&#039;t want to not take them."
"I have been on Orsythia for two years now, and after reading these reviews I am making some connections.  I have definitely had very light periods since switching to Orsythia (sometimes to the point of wondering whether I was missing a period!) with no cramping at all.  I&#039;ve never had issues with cramping, though.  However, I have had little to no sex drive, some weight gain, and general moodiness here and there. All within the last year and a half  I never thought to relate any of it to my contraceptive and plan to discuss with my doctor at my upcoming appointment."
"Tried patches for back pain due to degenerative disc disease.  The patches had no effect whatsoever.  I currently just take 800mg of ibuprofen every 8-12 hours to get the best relief.  I refuse to take opioids and tramadol is a joke."
"At the age of 30, I still dealt with breakouts. After trying all sorts of over the counter products that just hurt me I went to the doctor. We took the steps of prescription washes and antibiotics. Still had breakouts. So decided to try Accutane. I&#039;m currently starting my 5th month, and I haven&#039;t had a breakout or a single pimple in over 3 months. My side effects were dry peeling lips ( nothing Carmex can&#039;t fix), dry eyes, very sensitive skin (though working in a hospital doesn&#039;t help) so far I am so satisfied with this medicine. Yes, it is a hassle to get but worth it."
"I have been using Fiorinal With Codeine for over 15 years as I get PMS headaches and occiptical neuralgia headaches which start in the back of my head. I have tried several antidepressants as well as Vicodin. Fiorinal 3 with codeine is the only headache medication that helps with my fibromyalgia, migraine headaches PMS Headaches as it contains aspirin instead of tylenol which works a lot better for the constriction that occurs with intense headaches . It also does not give me any bad side affects"
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for nearly two years now. I have anxiety and depression and it&#039;s worked WONDERS to reduce it.
I&#039;ve gradually increased the dose and now I&#039;m on 150mg. The difference is HUGE.
Me off Zoloft= Crying, paranoid, mess of a human being.
Me on Zoloft= Joyful, outgoing human being with a sense of humor who can finally enjoy life!
Also, the side effects are basically nonexistent. When I first started it, everything kind of made me want to throw up, like a morning sickness-type thing, and I lost like 5 pounds. Now, that&#039;s not a problem, it&#039;s gone.
As far as side effects go, Zoloft is one of the least problematic antidepressants you can take.
So it&#039;s worked for me! It&#039;s changing my life."
"I have been on this drug for more than 30 years.  I feel that it helps with my depression but there are many side effects that I do NOT like.  My mouth is always dry and my tongue is always moving.  Many family pictures have my tongue sticking out."
"After a minor cut in the head area, I was given Cefuroxime.  Two days later, I started with a flu that affected my lungs and throat, and it lasted more than four weeks.  I had taken the flu shot three months prior to this event.  Now reading the article from PNAS, it seems like the protection for flu virus went away.  I hadn&#039;t had a bad cold for about ten years, ever since I protect myself with the flu shot."
"I&#039;ve been on Mobic for 2 days along with Flexerill and I am still experiencing excruciating pain. I feel like electric shocks going down my right sciatica."
"I bought Tioconazole over the counter. Equate Brand. 1 day prefilled ointment. Through the night, the burning and Itching multiplied times ten. I have never used a yeast infection meds that made me worse, the pain was excruciating."
"I have been taking Protonix for over 5 years. It is the only choice for me since I have tried many alternatives with horrible results (Dexilant, Aciphex). Protonix is the BEST."
"I agree with most when you say Dilaudid works best in an IV at the hospital. The pill form works very well but just takes a bit longer for relief. I&#039;ve been on many pain medicines over the years but I find that this medication helps me to be more productive everyday...pain free!"
"I had a problem with visceral fat as a side effect of my HIV meds. My doctors convinced me that Egrifta could reduce the density of my visceral fat and after using it for just over 7 months my affected area has had a softening and reduction of fat but I have had one unexpected and undesirable effect....my penis seem to be noticeably not as thick as it has been my entire life. While my husband says its no big deal it is to me! Has anyone else had this &quot;side effect&quot;?"
"I was put on birth control 1x in high school (pill) for acne. I was emotional and gained weight, I lasted a few weeks. 3 years ago I tried once again (Nuva Ring) to see if it would work for me, I lasted once again a few weeks. I was going on some meds that required I be on birthcontrol, I knew the only non hormone option was the Paragard. I have never had any children and I do have a very high pain tolorance. I had it inserted Sept 21. It hurt, but tolorable. I&#039;ve been spotting since. But it&#039;s better for me than gaining weight and crying all the time. It&#039;s worth the cramping and spotting. My period is heavier but it not unbearable. Cramps are worse, but manageable."
"I received my prescription for Chantix from my Dentist (they can write prescriptions for this due to smoking affecting your teeth). Both my husband an I started it, going on 2 weeks. It&#039;s really odd, we have both smoked 20+ years, and literally we don&#039;t even want to smell a cigarette. It really just turns you off to smoking. Our appetites have decreased too, which is really weird being that a lot of people increase food intake when they quit smoking. The dreams are kind of crazy (just vivid, and you remember a lot more and details), but nothing scary. Great medication if you don&#039;t get some side effects that others have reported. However, DO eat with food, otherwise you will be nauseous (which also curbs your appetite I must say)."
"Before Vyvance I had tried many other medications. It helped me quickly, I realized that I actually liked school and learning. Within weeks I went from failing to honors. But now that I&#039;m older I realize that it alters my personality and my mood alot. And I find that when I dont have it I tend to feel like I am incapable of completing simple task."
"Im 18 and don&#039;t like this pill the first week of side effects was horrible I couldn&#039;t even get up. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 months and only got my period 1 time ... I don&#039;t like that because it scares me. I gained like 15 pounds and been so depressed. I will be switching soon"
"My infections have not been simple cases of uncomplicated UTI, they progressed rapidly into Pyelonephritis. Levaquin should not be the 1st med prescribed for various UNcomplicated infections (think &quot;Resistance&quot;) nor should providers refuse to prescribe it. I understand the FDA black box warning, I accept that risk. Problem is, we can literally &quot;google&quot; any drug and find every possible side effect to convince ourselves that the medication is to blame. Yes, Levaquin can be riskier (elderly, drug interactions, etc.) I&#039;ve fortunately only had diarrhea (most antibiotics cause this-Google that) as a side effect. My doctor recommended taking probiotics along with an antibiotic, and it helps. Google that, too. Levaquin isn&#039;t evil."
"Great medication for curing UTI but the side effects are horrendous and not worth it.  After 3 days tendon pain in my heels, pain and tingling in my feet made it almost impossible to walk.  Dr. took me off immediately and now, more than 3 months later the pain is finally beginning to subside.  Never suffered side effects from any medication when younger but now at 65 have to be extremely careful."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for 6 months. First just let me say that ever since I started my VERY first pill I have had unprotected sex with my boyfriend. Since the first pill until now we have never wore a condom. I didn&#039;t even have my period until the 5th pack. My face cleared up and I actually lost weight!! BUT I was always very tired and emotional. I&#039;ve started having breakthrough bleeding and horrible acne. My insurance wont cover this so I have to pay 60.00$ a month. That&#039;s not bad but I heard that you can get other ones for free. Because of the breakthrough bleeding I am now switching to Sprintec 28. Everybody is different give it a try!!"
"I have been on Loestrin 24 for 3 years now and absolutely love it! I had very heavy debilitating cramps and periods. This pill saved me. I have not had a period in 3 years. No side effects or weight gain either. My only con is having to take a pill everyday. But, for it saving me such agony and my sanity. I love it."
"The adhesive used for these particular patches works a lot better than the other comparable products on the market by far. As long as you get them on straight and unwrinkled the first time, they will stay on for virtually as long as they last, which also happens to exceed comparable products by far. Couple this with the much less expensive price and you have three reasons why this is simply a superior product to the others. 

It should be noted that the one time I almost bought another name brand product similar to that of SalonPas, the pharmacist, without solicitation or knowing I had a preferance, recommended I go elsewhere to find SalonPas, as they were far superior in his opinion as well."
"I started taking this medication for endometriosis as a last option before surgery. While I have only been on this medication for a little under three months I must say I&#039;m so impressed. After reading reviews I was a little nervous. I have had very little pain and my menstrual cramping is completely gone almost. I haven&#039;t had any spotting or hair loss! It does not make me sick and very little breast soreness. When compared to other medicines I have taken, this is like a Godsend. While I know this will not take care of my problems forever it is working wonders right now! Everyone reacts to medicines differently and I just had to share my experience to tell everyone how wonderful this one is if you are considering taking it."
"awful product. did not do anything it was supposed to. I have very very mild acne. I wouldn&#039;t even call it acne, just pimples. and everytime I have tried to use acanya it hasn&#039;t helped with any pimples and just left my face red and burned the next day. This redness stays for at least 4 days. It&#039;s so embarrassing and not worth it for a product that just makes your pimples MORE obvious because of HUGE red spots. awful product. throwing it in the garbage so I never have the idea of using it again."
"I have been using Celexa for a little over a year now.  I was really going through some very stressful situations.  Over the years I have been on other medications and was taken off after about a year.  I had got to the point that I was having chest pains and could not stand to be around people.  I did not want to leave the house.  This medication has worked wonders for me.  I enjoy being around people now and I no longer have chest pains and I no longer shake like I am freezing.  I would recommend Celexa to anyone that needs it."
"I think this is pretty great but the constant spotting can get in the way of a lot of things and can get really obnoxious and a little weight gain but other than that I think it&#039;s cool"
"I never really believed I would quit smoking. I loved smoking. I wanted to live longer and that is the only reason I wanted to quit. I chose option 3 plan on chantix 84 days to quit, you just cut in half each month. I had a lot of nausea so I took 1/2 dosage for 3 weeks. At end of 3 weeks I went from 2 packs a say to 7-8 cigs a day. Started full dose at this time and ate before taking that helped nausea, had a lot of weird dreams but slept better on chantix. Today is my stop date and I fully quit  almost a month ago before my stop date. I have never felt as proud as I am right now, I did it. I just had to get past the first 2 weeks then it was smooth sailing. I let chantix do the work. Thanks chantix"
"Ok I&#039;ve had my IUD in for about 3-4 weeks now. I got it in off my period, with no misprostal and no cervical block. It was brutal but I survived. Didn&#039;t cramp afterwards, didn&#039;t spot afterwards, totally normal. I was thinking maybe (for once in my life) that I got lucky and wasn&#039;t going to have a traumatic experience.

Wrong! I&#039;m on my first period since getting it, have been bleeding heavily for over a week now and my period cramps are HEINOUS. Like it feels like insertion pains all over again. I&#039;m starting to worry it has expelled itself or latched onto something its not supposed to be latched onto. I&#039;ve been on the couch sobbing from the cramps all day."
"This medication made my breasts hurt for the entire two months that I was on it. I could barely wear a bra because they hurt so badly. Most birth control pills that I have been on have cleared my acne completely, but I all of a sudden had severe breakouts, especially on my chin, while on this medication. The only good side effect was that it decreased my appetite, but I was hungry again during my periods. My periods were also regular and light.  "
"The prep kit worked great and was very pleased with its effectiveness.  My only complaint is that it tasted horrible!  Bad enough to consider not using it next time.  I&#039;m writing this review to hope at some point the manufacturer will consider a better tasting alternative.  Thanks!"
"My son has severe eczema and is only 17 months old. We had tried what seemed like every OTC and prescription Med out there and nothing helped. He would itch all night and get open sores from scratching. His face is constantly bleeding. The derm recommended this. We have only had it two days and it had been amazing. The cracked skin is now smooth and the crusted blisters have completely disappeared. He slept so good and doesn&#039;t seem miserable and itchy. So far we love it!"
"Have completed eighth (8th) week of Bydureon injections. Med physician prescribed not approved by insurance carrier and this was their substitute after 2 weeks on previous.
No nausea at any point (was warned both by physician &amp; literature this would definitely occur).  Prior 2 week med controlled appetite, do not see where Bydureon has this effect.  First 4 or 5 weeks seen slight weight loss of less than 2 lb per week but this has subsided and actually the last 2 weeks have shown a reversal.
Will say have more positive outlook 4 days after injection &amp; this subsides.  Pharmacist said Bydureon has more of ingredient I need, however believe personally benefit daily rather than weekly injections.  Most likely will discuss this next Dr. visit"
"Diagnosed with ADHD at 53. Who knew there was a reason for my quirky personality.  Tried Stattera and slept 15-18 hours a day, was switched to Ritalin and thought this was it. I really like how I feel, calm, focused.  My friends noticed. I did great for a couple of weeks and then became extremely impulsive and inappropriate.  I was focused, but on warp speed.  I gained 10 lbs in a week, because I could not stop eating once I started, I went on shopping sprees, driving jags, blurted out without the think before you speak button.  Once I started a task I had to finish, my kids were late to school, you get the picture.  This was definitely not the drug for me.  I stopped taking it a couple of days ago, I am still feeling the effect."
"horrible lost all sex drive, was hungry all the time, cried for no reason, really annoyed 24/7, felt like a monster, made me self-conscious and feel worthless. stopped after 2 weeks."
"Very good it works for me ! I just started this pill my pain is not gone . But it&#039;s better I hope it keeps working for . Happy me, wow, it&#039;s like night and day for me . Peace u all have a blessed day.  "
"I have had to stop taking Azilect twice for surgery, the difference while I&#039;m on it is amazing.  The Azilect definitely works well with my other medicines."
"I started Chantix on June 1 with a June 30 quit date. On the 15th I ran out of cigarettes and decided I&#039;d try to wake up without them and feel it out. It is June 30 today and I haven&#039;t had a cigarette since. I have urges but try to push them aside. Chantix made me strong enough to not need them without even knowing it. I&#039;ve smoked for 15 years and haven&#039;t quit this long on anything, including the patch. I recommend it for sure. You do get nauseous but take the pill with food and it passes after about ten minutes. Just fight it off. Dreams were cool but I did have trouble falling asleep at times. It&#039;s definitely all worth the reward. My insurance covered the entire Rx, I had nothing to lose and everything to gain. Good luck to you too!"
"Was on phenergan for years. It worked perfectly!  However, the side effects of phenergan were making my restless leg worse. They switched me to Tigan. It&#039;s pretty good. It just doesn&#039;t completely wipe out all the nausea or last as long as phenergan, but it definitely works for me!"
"I have been taking these for last few days for back pain and had no effect on the pain.  However, I have had dreadful nausea and felt strange and depressed all week. I never feel like this and just decided to stop taking the tablets this morning to see if that made any difference.  I have been totally fine since I stopped taking these tablets.  I think people need to be careful taking these tablets as the side effects can really wreck your head and stomach."
"I&#039;ve had severe anxiety and depression for many years and have tried many meds. For me, BuSpar wasn&#039;t very effective, even at the maximum dose of 60mg/day. It also caused me very restless legs at night, which was extremely troublesome. I couldn&#039;t lie still for even ten seconds. I also got brain zaps. My doctor thinks I should remain on BuSpar, so these days I take only 10mg/day as a backup to my other meds. I don&#039;t have the side effects at the lower dose."
"I only took this medication for two weeks and had to stop. Right away I noticed moodiness and depression worse than anything I&#039;ve ever taken. Had a very heavy &amp; long period with cramps and nausea. After period stopped- 3 days later started bleeding heavily again. "
"A half hour ago I gave myself this enema because I hadn&#039;t had a bowel movement in 5 days. Within 5 minutes after I pulled the enema out of my butt I was here on the toilet. Overall I rate my experience as a 10, but the only thing I am noticing is an excessive amount of gas. But it&#039;s okay because I am comfortable and I feel much better than I did before my enema."
"I could not deal with the side effects of Oxycontin or hydrocodone.  Too much dizziness and severe itching.  Unable to get restful sleep.  Nucynta ER 50 2 times a day has been MUCH better for me.  Very little side effects and only for the first couple of weeks.  I sleep better too.  Only objection is that it wears off after only about 5 hours.  So I have to take hydrocodone occasionally."
"I love this medication!!! With out lyrica i would not be able to walk.Nerve damage from diabetes has taken its toll on my nerves in my feet and legs.
My new insurance company is denying my coverage for lyrica.But my drs are trying to keep   me on lyrica because i have been i it for so long.Shame on insurance companies who r just trying to save a buck!!! Not fair"
"Lithuim has definitely been a life saver for me. I&#039;ve been taking lithium for about four months and finally feel normal..besides the side effects of extreme thirst and weight gain I can deal with..I just love the fact that I have my life back"
"I have been on Strattera for 4 months. I still find myself procrastinating a lot. I never eat, I lost 7 pounds the first week I was on it. Doctor then gave me Adderal. I find it way better except the fact it keeps you up all night."
"Though I still sense some of depersonalization and a few hallucinations from time to time I am grateful that this medicine has improved my overall sense of well-being, most notably a return to being interested in the things I care about!"
"It works, but definitely has side effects.  I started in early December and quit on January 2nd.  I experienced the dreaming (kinda liked it), extreme nausea (didn&#039;t like that), and the mood swings.  I decided to stop taking Chantix as the mood swings were getting worse.  I still haven&#039;t smoked, which is a feat for me.  I think all I needed was to brake the repetition of the habit.  "
"Toxic, garbage medication. Ineffective with side effects. No wonder its what is covered, it must be cheap. You may as well order a Benazepril from China."
"I&#039;ve been taking tramadol acetaminophen for over 5 years. Most people will need to start slowly on this drug, like a quarter dose, then slowly build up to as much as needed, but obviously not exceed their prescription dosage. I have bilateral joint disorder, inflammatory disorder, arthritis, and fibromyalgia. This drug has been a life saver. I can actually function almost normal. It has not caused me to become addicted or require more than what I need to take. I do have an occasional dizzy spell if I bend over and rise up again too quickly, but then I am 64 so it may not have anything to do with the drug. I have never taken prescription drugs before because of the horrible side effects, but this is one I can highly recommend."
"I had moderate-severe acne when I hit 21. It was a very tormenting stage for me, having this kind of acne. I can&#039;t go outdoors without wearing foundation/concealer to cover up redness. My self confidence was low. Finally, I went to the dermatologist, she prescribed oral and topical treatment. I stopped taking oral antibiotics because I read that it&#039;s not good for the body. So I only maintained adapalene ge. I think adapalene helps a lot because it minimized the growth of occurring acne as well as clearing my skin. I use bp sparingly to avoid irritation and rash. Though, adapalene slowly works and it takes months to see improvements, I didn&#039;t experience flaking or stinging from it. I hope to see more improvements on my face while on it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Advil (Ibuprofen) since 1999 for headaches and body pains. I sometimes take this with the prescription medication Maxalt (which treats migraines) I&#039;ve have REALLY bad headaches and migraines since I was in grade school and took Tylenol until when into my late 20&#039;s. I then started taking the regular 2 tablet dose, 400 mg. I HAVE on occasion upped the dosage (not on doctors instruction) to 600mg if the 400mg dosage isn&#039;t effective and the pain doesn&#039;t not subside within 30-45 minutes."
"No breakthrough bleeding, felt the best that I ever had, lost weight and felt like my old self again. So I started this medicine in April 2012 and am currently on it and it&#039;s October 2012. This will be my last pack. I have experienced nausea, bloating, mood swings, sadness, depression, fatigue and just don&#039;t feel like my self anymore."
"I have suffered from acne for years. I&#039;ve tried almost everything and nothing seemed to work so My dermatologist put me on loryna. The good thing about loryna is it did help with my acne. I would still get the Ocassional pimple but my break outs weren&#039;t as bad as they were before. The bad thing about Loryna is it made me gain a lot of weight and gave me horrible mood swings. It made me obsessed with food. I would be extremely hungry throughout the day and get anxious if I didn&#039;t get the chance to eat when I wanted. Also it made me so much more irritable. I would get mad very easily and snap at people. I ended up going off of the pill because although it helped with my acne, the weight gain and mood swings weren&#039;t worth it"
"I was given Zofran for ALL DAY morning sickness during pregnancy. It works very well, but causes constipation, stomach cramps, and diarrhea. If I wait at least 12 or more hours between doses the side affects are milder and the nausea is almost completely gone. Before I had this drug I was miserable and missing work."
"So far I love it! I got put in the day before my period started. My period ended shortly as it has when I was on the pill and I haven&#039;t had any spotting at all so far. I do have feel as if I eat any and everything I can get my hands on which was never like me. I was always the person who could never finish their meal, but now I finish it and sometimes go for seconds.... and sadly it is starting to show. I have been feeling depressed (but I did feel this way on the pill too) and my moods can change so quick I&#039;m afraid sometimes of how I&#039;ll handle something. I do feel super bloated all the time, and I have for the last couple weeks and I hope that that goes away either on it&#039;s own or by exercise."
"Just started on Buproprion. On day 2 with no side effects. Still smoking but this morning waking up I didn&#039;t rush outside to smoke. We will see how it goes."
"49/F I went to the cardiologist 3/28 because, my heart was racing at like 90-110 on a daily basis. My BP when I got there was 218/106. Mixture of white coat syndrome and an IBS episode I was in the middle of, plus whatever else is the cause of my HBP.  Dr said go to the ER! I declined. He did an EKG and all was fine. Dr prescribed 10mg of Norvasc and Coreq. I went home and took my bp it was 170/100. Took 5mg of Norvasc and 50mg Toprol I was already on. BP came down to about 140/95 in about 12 hours. Pain by my pancreas for 12 hours a few days into it. Feet and ankles swollen like balloons. 4/14 on 10mg my bp averages around 133/86, feet still swollen by night. Feeling A LOT better. Finally, something that works for me. No other side effects"
"I have been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about 3 months now, and my periods have been crazy! Prior to starting birthcontrol I wasn&#039;t taking anything, but since Metformin wasn&#039;t working to regulate my periods, I said I would start birthcontrol. I do have PCOS since the age of 15, now I am 26. For the past 3 months on this birth control I have had two periods a month. Its not break through bleeding. I didn&#039;t have any other side effects which is a good thing, but I just had to be bleeding for 10 days out of a month."
"At first I loved it. I&#039;m going on year two now. But recently I have slipped two months of a period and have fallen into a so far sixteen day light blood with clots period. I was diagnosed with extreme anxiety not too long after receiving and I feel like the mood swings and problems brought on from the hormones is causing a problem in my six yr marriage and sex life. I&#039;m 27 with  two boys. I shouldn&#039;t be feeling this achy and psycho. As far as weight gain goes.....ive lost a ton of weight on it 40lbs slow and healthily. I feel the weight gain has a lot to do with diet and activity"
"Good medicine and I am feeling good after using it."
"I was diagnosised 2005, went on regime was undetectable with normal CD4 count.My insurance changed in 2009, my doctors had to change my regime to covered HIV medicines.This begun a 4 year battle to get my virus under control. I went into full blown AIDS I was I never contracted an opportunistic infection. However the virus attacked my brain, my xboyfriend/best friend a nurse came to see me (he lived 2 hours away). He talked to numerous physicians, Stribild had just came out. I started to see the doctor he arranged for me to see. My CD4 count was 4, viral load &gt;1 million. I&#039;m totally serious only after one month of being on Stribild I was undetectable with CD4 count 200 . I deal with the nausea cause of it&#039;s miraculous effect on my virus."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 2 years now. It really helped straighten out my irregular periods and the heaviness of my flow. However, I didn&#039;t get cramps much before I started the pill and now I get them and they are horrible. Sometimes I even feel like my legs are going numb. And I get these horrible headaches everyday, they worsen when I don&#039;t take my pill right on time, even a few minutes late and they only get worse on the week I take the sugar pills. I didn&#039;t have any issues until about a year and a half after starting this pill."
"I was on citalopram but this was changed to venlafaxine. At first it was rough till I had been on it about 4 weeks then it helps just try and not miss doses as that can cause really bad headaches"
"The first time I took one of these pills, I felt extremely nauseous. The next day when I took another dose, I threw up 20 minutes later. I was puking for a good half hour. I am never taking this again."
"I started on 50mg. I felt better in 2-3 weeks. I was so happy to not be crying. I get dizziness and have the yawning effect. At first it seemed like I would yawn every 2 minutes for days. The only thing that upset me about it was that I gained weight. I&#039;m already a bit on the heavy side, but I had been maintaining my weight for years. All of a sudden I gained about 25 lbs in 6 months. When I talked to my Dr, he said the dosage wasn&#039;t high enough, that I was emotionally eating. It didn&#039;t make sense to me, since I had been able to maintain my weight even during my depression. Anyway, he upped it to 100mg. Now, I just feel lazy. I don&#039;t care about getting things done. I have to really make an effort to do anything. I&#039;m going back to 50mg."
"Works every time!"
"My girlfriend took Plan B on the 12th of May, 4 hours after our &quot;incident&quot; she didn&#039;t have any physical side effects but she did get very emotional. She would cry about everything - but she wasn&#039;t stressed about pregnancy. She got her period on 8 days later on the 20th. I&#039;m telling you guys, don&#039;t stress out - as long as you took it within your 72 hours, you will be fine. Remain calm, put on your favorite movie and think positively!"
"I got on the shot on October 7th 2014, I thought it would end my periods but I ended up bleeding everyday for six months straight. My third shot that I had got on April 8th 2015 ended the bleeding for about a month and a half and now I&#039;m bleeding again and this time I&#039;m having cramps as if I&#039;m on my period. My next shot is on July 8th and I will not be going through with it. The depo shot just ruins your body, I hate it"
"This med is not good.   It doesn&#039;t work it only last 7 hours I&#039;m taking ritalin also 10mg, and 54mg of concerta. I will not recomemnd it ialso take  ritalin for 3 years and it does not last long no good ."
"It works. I&#039;m glad I started taking this medicine I wish I started sooner. If you really want to quit take subutex."
"I had to switch over to Minastrin because Loestrin was discontinued. I&#039;ve been on this pill for a year and a half now and it&#039;s the worst pill out there. I&#039;m 21 and fit but I have developed varicose veins from this pill. Ever since I started they have been popping up everywhere on my legs.  Also I have no sex drive putting a strain on my relationship. And I have gained over 30 pounds. I&#039;m just dropping this pill all together."
"I have been on it for 3 months and have noticed my mood swings are up and down. I am always on the edge of crying no matter what and my boyfriend and I bicker a lot more. Another big issue is that I have lost 10lbs on it and I&#039;m already a tiny girl. "
"I have been taking the tablet for about 6 weeks and I immediately noticed side effects. I rapidly lost weight after my appetite became nearly non-existent; I would eat 2 bites of food and then want to throw the rest away at every meal because I had no desire to eat anything. I also have a horrible taste in my mouth, which the doctor suggested I could help by taking it with milk; I haven&#039;t tried this as I don&#039;t drink milk. I have a liver test next week so we&#039;ll see if there are any negative results there. I haven&#039;t noticed any improvement on my toenail, but I also keep it covered with nailpolish 99% of the time."
"I was afraid to try this because of all of the negative reviews. It&#039;s best to just try things out yourself. Everyone is different. I have only been on birth control once before. I was on skyla IUD previously for a little less then two months. My body couldn&#039;t handle it at all. So I decided to get off it and try the pill. I waited until my period started &amp; now I am on my third week. At first I did have mood swings (pretty bad), I was emotional, with nausea but not too bad. I am still bleeding a little but it&#039;s going away. I called my gyno to make sure it was normal &amp; apparently it is. It takes some time for your body to get use to it. Now that I&#039;m on the third week, I am starting to feel normal again. Even kinda happy. Best of luck."
"We tried it for my dad when he was having non-stop hiccups for weeks after having TIA. It definitely worked when he used the medication. It&#039;s a lot of help indeed."
"No change in pulmonary function tests after 3 months, plus severe edema, so I also had to take a strong diuretic that had to be planned so I would not be stranded without a bathroom, lots of peeing for 6 hours."
"This is by far the most effective medicine I have taken for high blood pressure. As another poster said, it needs to be taken with caution at first until you know what dosage is right for you - it can bring your pressure actually low at low dosages. I have found it to have far less side effects than clonidine. It is a long lasting medication able to be taken once a day - I take it at night, as it helps with sleep and by morning any sedative effect has worn off, leaving me with a feeling of well-being. I have not noticed any increase in appetite, but being diabetic I have noticed a rather serious increase in fasting blood sugar which will require tweaking of those medications. Metformin offsets that side effect in a beneficial way."
"I had unprotected sex on September 9th, and took Plan B six hours later. I have hormonal imbalances in the first place so the side effects made me hella exhausted and hungry. However, after the longest two weeks of my life, scrolling through this website and driving myself insane, I got my period this morning! Trust me, this pill works. I know it&#039;s hard but try not to worry, or at least take your mind off it and let it do its work. At the end of the day, a $40 pill is way less expensive than a child."
"Started treatment 12/2011 ended 12/2013. The PSA went down as expected for is the purpose of treatment, now waiting for side effects to end, which have been: loss of libido, hot flashes specially at night or after a meal, some sweating, loss of body hair, loss of muscle mass, joint and bone pain, tiredness, difficulty to start almost any quest, weight gain, chest/man breast augmentation. Have been taking vitamin D plus calcium, glucosamine, started an exercise program that has helped with muscle buildup, and also helps with better mood, by prescription have taken 3 applications of calcium to the vein. Have had excellent support from wife, have trust my Doctors and first of all God my father."
"After being treated for yeast for 8 months with little success, my doctor put me on metrogel as kind of a last resort to soothe my itching/burning/abnormal discharge/tingling even though my cultures keep coming back negative for everything... I&#039;ve taken metrogel before when I actually had a positive culture for BV and had no complaints. This time around, I&#039;m on my second night and feel awful. Itching is still there + I have body aches, chills, feel nauseous... I&#039;m going to continue using this medicine for the next 3 nights and I&#039;ll check back in to finish the review... also have a gross  discharge but I assume this is the gel coming out..."
"I&#039;m 25 years old with no children and I have Mirena. I absolutely love it. The pill gave me acne, weight gain, mood swings and nausea. The Nuvaring gave me blood clots. Mirena has been a dream. Insertion was no worse than a bad period cramp (again, I&#039;ve never had kids and it didn&#039;t hurt that bad) and I spotted for a few days. No biggie. I&#039;ve had oily skin and acne my whole life but am able to control it. Mirena has made it no worse at all. I work out every day and have even been losing weight. So Mirena has not made me gain weight. I just want to be a positive voice out there for Mirena. Before I got it I read message boards and it almost discouraged me from getting it. Thankfully it didn&#039;t because it&#039;s been the best birth control ever."
"Have been on Effexor, Wellbutrin, Pristiq and on Cymbalta, none of them with the exception of Effexor have helped me. I noticed a difference after only 1-2 days on the medicine. Generally it takes between 2-4 weeks to get a build up but this seems almost instant. I started on 20mg and am still on 20mg until later this week when I go up to 40mg. The first day or two I was really wired and I think it is because I drink a lot of caffeine which I recommend cutting down on with the medicine and I got some weird electric shock sensation in my tongue but that has gone away and now I am getting the runs but I hope that goes away too. Once my body was used to the new medicine I was like a zombie, now I actually feel &quot;normal&quot; again."
"With being on this medicine in a day and a half I am experiencing chronic diarrhea it is horrible I will not take this medicine no more I did not know no side effects until I Googled for side effects."
" love it"
"Usually works well for me and don&#039;t make me drowsy."
"I&#039;m taking Prednisone as follow up to being hospitalized for pneumonia a couple of weeks ago. I was also taking an antibiotic, Clindamycin, when I developed hives. I immediately thought it was the Clindamycin because I&#039;m allergic to Neosporin (Neomycin) &amp; stopped taking it 4 days ago. I waited for the rash to clear, but it hasn&#039;t. Then I thought, &quot;why do I have an allergic reaction to something when I&#039;m taking a steroid?&quot; Bingo! Looked up side effects of Prednisone and there is was: rare reaction of hives. Looked it up just right after I took my 2nd half-tablet. No more Prednisone for me!"
"My Gastroenterologist put me on Movantek 1 time a day for OIC. This is day 5 and I&#039;ve been to the bathroom 3 times. Ugh! I was hoping this was going to be the &quot;magic bullet&quot; I&#039;ve been searching for. I&#039;ve tried EVERY stool softener, laxative out there from the cheapest to the most expensive, including enemas &amp; suppositories. To my dismay this isn&#039;t working well. When I do have a bowel movement it&#039;s a couple hard balls. Nothing complete or simple. I STILL have to strain and lucky to go 3 times a month!! I just had a hysterectomy and no straining allowed. So, back to searching. I have NOT and will NOT have withdrawal symptoms due to the fact it works in the gut NOT the brain and it will NOT block your opioid pain meds from working. 51 yo fem."
"I have one child and I always knew that I didn&#039;t want to have children so close together for the sake of my sanity! I&#039;m not good with remembering pills so after a few scares I decided to give Implanon a try. Insertion was a breeze! My arm was sore for about a week afterwards, and then my arm usage was all back to normal. I haven&#039;t had ANY bleeding, dischagres, weight gain, lost of sex drive, headaches, etc. In fact I had a lost appetite, increased sex drive, and wonderful sex life knowing that babies wont evolve. I would recommend this product to anyone BUT I always say that everything is not the same for everyone."
"I have hashimotos/hypothyroid and have been on Tirosint after being on synthroid for the first 7 weeks of my diagnosis. I have been on it for 5 years and absolutely love it. No reaction as there are no fillers or dyes like the other synthetic drugs. Most recently my Doctor added a little T3 and I have never felt better."
"Really works, saved my job."
"This is my 3rd colonoscopy.  I&#039;ve done golightly in the past. This is my first time with Suprep.  I don&#039;t like drinking water, so this is always very difficult for me.  So far I&#039;ve made it through the 1st bottle, but dreading drinking the next one in a few hours.  I found the taste just awful and had to chase it with white grape juice.  I wish someone would develop a prep that didn&#039;t taste so badly."
"A few weeks ago my physician gave me a sample of this to try since the Syymicort I had been using for more than 2 years was no longer as effective as it had been. I&#039;ve been using this once a day now for about 3 weeks and have had considerable relief. It did take me a couple of days to get the hang of using this new style delivery system. It&#039;s really easy to push the delivery button before you get your mouth over the respimat properly ."
"It took doctors years to diagnose me with moderate to severe Crohn&#039;s.  I&#039;ve been on Humira for 8 months now and I feel the best that I have ever felt.  I rarely get sick and I have more energy to keep up with my active lifestyle.  The only side effect was that I got two very small marks of psoriasis which were gone within a couple of days.  So far so good for me."
"I was completely new to birth control and did not want to be on a pill due to all the stories I&#039;ve heard. The patch is amazing! Only have to worry about it once a week, haven&#039;t had any side effects not even bleeding or spotting, get to have my regular period, and is basically so convenient. It is on the more expensive side especially if insurance won&#039;t cover it but for me it was worth it. I don&#039;t have to wait for my period to start when I do plan on getting pregnant and is easy to wear. I prefer to wear mine on my shoulder blade because it doesn&#039;t rub against my clothes and people don&#039;t notice it which is nice. This is a great birth control and whoever invented it is a genius. Highly recommend especially if you&#039;re new to birth control."
"I started Harvoni in September 2016 and as I started the second month of this medication I ended up in the ER with congestive heart failure. As to this date March 17 2017, I am still no better. I was healthy before this medication had no problems besides Hep C. Wish I would had never took the medication."
"Having tried 7 other medications none of which controlled my seizures I was happily surprised that a dose of 4mg of Fycompa does. More than 12 months and no seizures. Luckily I have not experienced suicidal thoughts. The only side effects I experience are a little aggression and tiredness but only very mild."
"Pros:
breasts got bigger (they&#039;re AA normally, so this was a big plus!), it worked (I didn&#039;t get pregnant), light periods, can skip periods by taking continuously.
Cons:
much more acne, dramatic mood swings (crying uncontrollably for no reason), nausea, weight gain

I only stayed on Mircette for three months due to the dramatic increase in side effects compared to Ortho-Tri-cyclen (which I&#039;d been on for three years at that point)--especially crying easily and acne. I get mood changes with any birth control pill, but it was by far the worst on Mircette. Every other pill I&#039;ve tried improves my acne, but Mircette made it worse. I did like the breast enlargement, but that wasn&#039;t worth being totally crazy with an acne-covered face!"
"Since starting Rythmol SR 425 2.5 years ago, the percentage of time in atrial fibrillation has dropped from over 20% to under 3%.  Absolutely no side effects.  Glad I have insurance though and pay $120 for a 90 day supply, rather than over $1,000."
"I was a suffering Bacterial Vaginitis victim for almost a year. I had swabs and tests done by my doctor and on every result I got a negative reading!  Wasn&#039;t until a 5 days ago that my doctor prescribed me metronidazole and honestly it&#039;s changed my life already! After 2 days of taking 2 tablets a day my BV had vanished! I&#039;m so happy with how this medication has helped. The taste is awful so I make sure I take it while I&#039;m eating a meal and I&#039;ve suffered with no side effects. Can&#039;t recommend it enough."
"Great
Effective
Unbelievable"
"I would like to let folks know that there is help out there.  I used to pride myself on the fact that I wasn&#039;t on any medication until my depression got so bad that I didn&#039;t enjoy anything.  I finally broke down and cried in my Doctors office.  It was embarrassing for me to ask for help.  She put be on bupropion at 150 mg 2X a day.  It helped a little but I still wasn&#039;t feeling the best.  In my follow up appointment a month after starting it she upped my dose to 450mg a day.  What a difference.  I don&#039;t hate my job and life anymore.  I am getting all kinds of things done that I had no interest in 2 months ago.  I would recommend this to anyone that has trouble with depression and had a bad experience with an SSRI antidepressant."
"This is the first type of birth control that I have been on and it has worked out great. I have been on Lutera for 9 months now and will be going back have my doctor refill the prescription. The first month I experienced some mild headaches and irregular bleeding, nothing serious. My breasts have gotten a little larger, my period shorter and lighter. All is good so far!"
"I had gotten the Nexplanon in May of this year. The day I got it I started my period, and it lasted a week. Then two weeks later I started bleeding again for another week. I had my period twice a month for the first two months. Then in August I thought I was in the clear because I wasn&#039;t bleeding. That changed on Aug 21st, I got my period and this time it lasted three weeks. I couldn&#039;t take the irregular bleeding so I got the implant removed on Friday 9/19.  I only had it for four months. That was the only issue I had with it. I did find it easier to lose weight. I did start Ortho Cyclen on Sunday, so I&#039;ll see how that goes."
"So far so good, minimal sexual side effects and I don&#039;t feel zoned out like I have on other antidepressants. Still only on ten mg will go up in a few weeks. This is week 2.5 for me."
"My two front teeth were progressively getting worse in pain from two nights ago when I had hit my teeth really hard. 7/10 pain scale last night/this morning - To the point where no toothache remedies were working anymore, including OTC pain medicine (which never worked from the start). Was prescribed Tylenol 3 this morning from the dentist as we wait to do a root canal on one tooth, the other tooth may just be bruised as it shows no sign for a root canal needed. It has been 2 hours and the medicine has extremely barely done anything. Waiting on doc to approve better medication."
"3 days of using Azor and had swelling of my lower lip.  I was taken off Lisinopril for the same reason."
"Started taking Farxiga while still taking metformin (3 X 800 daily).  Tried to wean off metformin and simply take Farxiga.  Bad decision.  Farxiga gave me dry mouth, made me thirsty, had negligible effect on my glucose levels and A1C.  Started to experience dizziness and then fainting while on Farxiga.  After a month, I went back to metformin.  Feel 1,000 percent better without being dizzy all of the time.  Not worth the expense for a drug that doesn&#039;t work"
"DO NOT USE THIS MEDICINE.  This should be taken off the market.  Made me deathly ill with the worst stomach cramps Ive ever had in my life. Iv&#039;e given birth 3 times, and this was so severe I couldn&#039;t even stand up. This went in the garbage. I wouldn&#039;t give this to my worst enemy. DO NOT USE!!"
"I have dealt with chronic constipation for years. This medication is the only thing that has helped me. Been taking it for about a year and it has helped so far."
"I have been on  Nexplanon for about 2 years now and I love it. The first 6-8 months I had uncontrolled long periods but after that they regulated and now periods are normal. Cramps have reduced and I have gained no weight."
"I was put on this birth control at the age of 14 due to severe ovarian cysts and breakthrough bleeding from other pills. It was absolutely wonderful the first two years. My skin glowed, I kept a great weight, my periods were always on time. However, all this soon went down hill around the third year. I started to have overwhelming feeling of depression wash over me multiple times during the day, I became sluggish, I didn&#039;t want to do things with friends or family, and my relationships suffered greatly overall. After stopping this pill, my mood swings diminished and I feel like my old self again. Never going back to this pill again."
"I have hair loss because of high DHEAs and testosterone Girls out there spiro is the best! I was all about natural stuff and and using herbs to lower my testosterone and DHEAs but as soon as they were working a lil bit I&#039;d have some stressful episodes happening during my days and cortisol would push from the other side to higher my dhea again.I tried for 1 whole year and realized that nope this doesn&#039;t work. I need to be relaxed with this issue, get my life together and not be distracted with this. So I started using Spiro (50mg/day) and damn girl it worked like crazy fast like from the first week of using it! My average hair lose  is about 20 hairs a day now. Its better than ever! having plan to take it for a year. Also  NO side effects at all. I wish this helps if u have doubts trying it! good luck ladies."
"I was prescribed Septra for a bacteria infection . The prescription was for ten days and about the fifth day bad a headache started with sever lower back pain also. On the seventh day I broke out from head to toe with severe hives."
"I am prescribed 45 2MG Tablets a month (brand name) I take a half 3 times a day, and am also prescribed 90 1mg Klonopin a month - morning, afternoon and night.
While the Klonopin seems to aid in keeping the panic/anxiety at bay and keeping me calm and relaxed, the Xanax is the real 1-2 punch to panic attacks and anxiety; it takes all my sadness and depression away and allows me to think about all the amazing things I am working on NOT as a chore or as work, but as creative idea. Being prescribed 2 Benzo&#039;s is &#039;odd&#039; practice like Klonopin 3 times a day with a fast acting Xanax. "
"I started taking Cymbalta about 4 years ago for severe body pain, I have had two  back surgeries, two knee surgeries, I have fibromyalgia and arthritis. The medication Cymbalta has improved my quality of life a lot. Mostly my  fibromyalgia pain . I hadn&#039;t been able to sleep at night because of my all over body pain however since taking Cymbalta I have had much relief. I take it at night about an hour before bedtime, I take it along with Amtriptyline which helps me to sleep at night pain free. Only one side effect that. I have notice and that is it seems to take your sex drive, when interacting in sexual activity, it&#039;s like you don&#039;t feel anything, a lot of the time,  and that can be a BIG problem for some people. You have to weigh up your options"
"I just started taking Victoza about two weeks ago and I love it. When I was pregnant I had gestational diabetes and was on a special diet the whole time,  and it helped keep my blood sugars down. Now three years later I am having a problem again. I have a fertility issue that my sugars are naturally high, but thought I had it under control. After a week or so of not feeling good and taking my sugar and it was up to 250 I got a little scared and went to the Doctors. He put me on Victoza and since than I have more energy and have lost 5 pounds in the first week. I take it at night and have had no problems. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that can handle giving themselves the shot."
"I have had AMAZING results using Ziana Gel over the past couple of months. "
"I am very anxious to take any RX meds. I have suffered with migraines for years. Finally my doctor told me to please try This and get relief!  Why do I wait sooo long!  It got rid of my migraine and I don&#039;t feel weird or goofy ;)."
"Started on Afrezza 11/15 with an A1C of 7.6! First was one 4 unite 3X&#039;s a Day Before Meals! Then Moved 8 Unit 2X&#039;s &amp; 12 Unit 1X a Day ALL Before Meals! On 3/16/17 My A1C # drop to 7.2! I then Started the New Titration Pack that allows Inhaling Afrezza Before &amp; After each Meal or Up to 6X&#039;s a Day! After Just the First 11Days My A1C # DROP to 6.9! Today, Now 21 Days I Have Been on the New 180 Units Monthly Titration Pack Taking Before &amp; After each Meal My A1C is NOW 6.8 &amp; Dropping with NO SIDE EFFECTS! I Love Life Changing Afrezza Titration Pack! "
"I have been on this pill for a year and a half. It took my body over 6 months to finally adjust to this pill and stop spotting. Cramps are worsened when my period finally does come. The only benefits of this pill is its effectiveness of pregnancy prevention and fewer periods. The following are just a few of my negative side effects I%u2019ve had since starting this pill:
-dry eyes
-anxiety
-heart palpitations
-extreme appetite increase
-20 pound weight gain and cannot lose it!
-dry skin
-cellulite
-spider veins
-random PMS
-tired/low energy all the time
-dry brittle hair/hair thinning
-extreme bloating
-headaches
-yeast infections once a month (never had them before the pill)
-more discharge
-different body odor
Stopping this pill ASAP!"
"So far I have had my Paraguard for like, maybe a month now. I am on my second cycle (the practitioner suggested we insert it during my period last month). It does hurt when it is inserted but 800mg Ibuprofen takes some of the edge off. Eat lots before you go and hydrate well, this helps with post insertion. I have had NO negative side effects like most. I was assuming that for one I was going to have a longer period once they inserted my IUD (it actually stopped the next morning and it was like it wasn&#039;t even in there) and then now, I just started my period today and I have NO cramps, I had no clue I was even starting. Maybe some brown spotting at first then, light bleeding. I don&#039;t even need any pain meds."
"I had the copper IUD for 3.5 months. My periods went from 2-3 days and super light (I never even need to wear tampons and sometimes barely liners) to 7-9 day periods that were heavy. I would feel contractions closer to my period (in addition to cramps). The pain with this IUD was unbearable. Anytime I stretched, moved, had sex, etc I could feel it. I had it checked at the hospital and was told it was in the right place. I got several infections (bladder infection/UTI and 3 yeast infections) all within this timeframe. I had constant back pain. If I went to the bathroom, it would hurt to pee or when I pushed. Once removed, I had instant relief and problems went away almost immediately. Oh and a seizure after insertion."
"I was on Yaz about two years ago and decided to take some time off of it because it made my periods about 10 days long. Once my acne started getting worse, my doctor recommended me for Ocella. The morning after I took the pill for the first time, I was very nauseous and threw up. Now, I have been taking the medicine for about 4 days and every night, about 6 hours after taking the pill, I have to run to the bathroom to throw up because I am so nauseous. I have been feeling very tired too. But sometimes I feel really hyper as well. I really hope that this birth control clears up my acne. By reading the other posts, I am very scared to gain weight. But I work out daily so that probably wont be a problem. I have already lost weight from the nausea."
"I have been constipated for 6 days. It seemed there was no relief in site for me. I took stool softener/laxative for a few days without any results. I then bought Exlax and took 4 pieces at one time. No result. I went to the ER as my stomach was hurting all up the sides and middle. The Dr. recommended Magnesium Citrate and told me to drink the entire bottle. I went to Family Dollar and it only was $1.25. I ate a sandwich prior to drinking.I drank the grape flavored Magnesium Citrate at 8:00 PM with 16 ounces of water. After a few hours, I was still in a lot of pain didn&#039;t feel anything happening. I couldn&#039;t even pass gas. at 1:30 AM It started. It is now almost 3:00 and I am still going. not sure how long this will last but I feel great!!"
"I have a lot of inflammation relief with Indocin. The problem is that I can only take it every other day. I am 37 and very active, train Brazillian Jiu Jitsu 2 days a week. Get tendinitis in my shoulders easy. I would recommend this medicine."
"I would like to thank everyone for leaving their comments on here. It is so helpful for everyone to stick together and help one another. Depression, anxiety, etc. is so hard to deal with and it is so comforting to know that you are not alone. I have tried Zoloft, which gave me such insanely scary nightmares that I was afraid to go to sleep. Effexor worked great for a while and then seemed to burn out. I tried countless other medicines over the years with no luck. I was on Pristiq for a few weeks and thought it was going to be yet another disappointment, then boom! I started feeling great. Also to my husband&#039;s delight, I have a pumped up sex drive, woo hoo! I didn&#039;t expect that one! I am so hoping this isn&#039;t too good to be true."
"I first started using Lutera about a year and a half ago for my first form of birth control. It was generally pretty easy to adjust to and I had no major side effects. A couple minor downsides were that it did not help my skin one bit. I was a little bit more emotional then usual and one major thing that affected me was that my sex drive was virtually non-existent. Overall I liked Lutera and was pretty easy to take and was very effective in helping moderate my period symptoms."
"I had sex on the last day of my period, then I took plan b 11 hours after I had sex. A week after taking the pill I experienced brown discharge which was heavy like a regular period the first 2 days then turned into spotting for the next 3 days. My regular period usually lasts 5 days so I figured the pill just made me have a fake period to trick my body into getting rid of the egg before it got fertilized. I have a period app on my iPhone that tells me when my period is going to come and tells me how many days I have between cycles for me, it&#039;s 28 days. So I counted 28 days from my last day of brown discharge and the date my period should have come was the 29th of October and it did!! I hope this helps someone out there!"
"I have some wierd combinations of &quot;illnesses&quot; I take this to help with PTSD, OCD, and ADHD. I am doing so much better overall, and better than any other drug I&#039;ve tried for PTSD, so I am happy with this drug."
"Just started Wellbutrin 1 week ago.  Was taking Lexparo 20 mg for about 6  years.  About 6 months ago the depression grew in a negative way.  I cut back to 10 mg a day.... BAD IDEA for me.  Hopelessness, despair, tiredness were just a few of the negative kickbacks.  Asked doctor to try Wellbutrin.  After one week my appetite is finally, after 47 years, under control.  I read that this medicine was good long term; only problem is the loud ringing in ears and this weird feeling in my head.  I&#039;m hoping the weird head feeling will go away, but other than that so far so good.  Despaired feeling is gone, but I am a little emotional. "
"Doing the medicines for restless legs syndrome, I started on Requip and the medicine worked well, but it lowered my blood pressure so much that I was fainting when I stood up. That was on 1mg of Requip. After 2 weeks of &#039;getting used to the medicine&#039; I went back and asked to get changed out to something different and the Doc put me on Klonopin.  No more fainting and I get a good nights sleep.  I only take half a pill (1mg pills) before bed so I guess I&#039;m not a hard core case.  But it worked as a better alternative to Requip for me."
"I have opiate induced constipation from narcotic pain killers. My doctor gave me samples of Manitoba and it worked great. I didn&#039;t have any side effects other than cramping which is to be expected with any laxative. It worked within 2 hours and continued to work throughout the rest of the day. I would definitely recommend taking this on a day u have nothing to do. It causes a little gas and stomach cramps that feel like ur gonna have diarrhea. But it definitely does the job. I also had a little nausea after taking it but it was worth it. Especially if u have been dealing with chronic constipation for awhile. Anything is better than the constant bloating and pain associated with constipation."
"Hello everyone so I promised myself if I got my period I would share my experience which I did thank god "
"Not long after taking this antibiotic in the hospital ER, my pain subsided. Before that, I had my first ever UTI at 29 years old, probably due to dehydration from failing to drink enough water on the Keto diet. Before that, I was urinating blood and chunks of white tissue. I was prescribed 2 weeks of this antibiotic twice a day at 500mg each. I have one day left and while I have had bad headaches, more importantly I still sometimes feel burning when urinating, so I don&#039;t even feel like it&#039;s totally working. I got off the Keto diet and have been drinking plenty of water since starting the antibiotics and I have avoided dairy like the plague around the time I need to take the pill. I never take antibiotics so I don&#039;t think I&#039;m resistant."
"I started on Lyrica 6 weeks ago started on 25mg for one week, then to 50mg for one week, and then 75 mg twice a day but, but that high didn&#039;t suit me so I took a 75mg in the morning and 50mg in the evening. Currently I&#039;m feeling spaced all the time, gaining weight each day, and kind of depressed, but my psychiatrist said that could be anxiety coming through. I have been taking Xanax also for about 6 years, before that I was tried on Lexapro and went crazy on it.  Also the Xanax was a disaster long term, as they become very addictive. Well the moral of the story is I&#039;m praying for the Lyrica to work."
"Nexplanon was a mistake for me. It caused me nothing but issues such as 20 lb weight gain, depression, extreme hunger, month long periods (I was basically always on my period.) it helped my acne but that&#039;s all. I had no sex drive and it was pretty useless due to the fact I was always on my period, preventing me from having sex."
"ASCOMP 30mg. Works wonders for my horrible headaches. I take with a meal or small snack, so my tummy doesn&#039;t get upset by the aspirin."
"Trigeminal Neuralgia started about 6 months ago. Started the Carbamazepine about 3 months ago and have been having the dosage steadily increased to 200mg 3x/day with an additional 100mg at night. Pain is easily triggered by the slightest touch to right side of my face and I can avoid that for the most part during the day but night time is bad. The effectiveness of the additional 100 mg at night lasted 2 days and pain is just as bad again. At 61 years of age with multiple health issues and on disability because of COPD, not sure how much of this I&#039;m going to be able to take."
"Definitely not the most kind drug on the body. Left me fatigued, feeling nauseous, almost like I had the flu. Horrid taste in the mouth; almost metallic. Felt run down the entire time."
"I have had a few &quot;twillight&quot; surgeries and this was my first time having Propofol. I can honestly say it is the BEST anesthetic I have ever had. It is literally like a light switch on/off. I was given a sedative before hand because I have bad anxiety and then was wheeled into surgery. I was given the Propofol and within 30 seconds was gone and the next time I knew I heard a nurse calling my name in recovery giving me water. I had no nausea and I felt a little buzzed the next day but I could function. I wasn&#039;t sleepy or groggy at all."
"Keeps you in the middle (not depressed or manic). No side effects other than being tired in the beginning. Helps with other medicines like lithium and Wellbutrin."
"It started working in the 1st 24 hours. By the 3rd day I was fine."
"I&#039;ve had a great experience so far on Nexplannon. While I did have a serious bruising issue for about a week and a half at the incision point, it went away. Absolutely love it as birth control! However, I&#039;m noticing that exercise makes me nauseous. Even biking to class! Also, when I get hungry but aren&#039;t home to eat, I get nauseous too. Other than that, no weight gain (I&#039;ve actually lost weight after gaining 15lbs in 8 mos on pills! That was my reason for switching) no hair loss and only super minor spotting. Pretty much completely satisfied!"
"I started BC because I had severe headaches, nausea, and dizziness when on my periods. I never had heavy bleeding or clotting... but I would get so dizzy I would be close to fainting if I was on my feet too much. The doctors simply said it could be my hormones changing and prescribed me ocella. I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain or  anything. It regulated my pain and dizziness during my periods. However, after 4 months I&#039;ve been very nauseous and have had severe headaches and stomach pain. I could be coming down with something so I couldn&#039;t say it&#039;s 100% from the pill. Overall it&#039;s worked great for me and definitely aleviated my pain during menstration."
"I use Jolessa and I find it very effective. I haven&#039;t got nausea or even had spotting. I think this type of birth control is great, and I love only having four periods a year."
"This works well for a couple of years, then I had to switch to another medicine because Zoloft has become ineffective.  After a while on an alternate medicine I can return to Zoloft."
"I have been on Seasonique for about 5 months now. I haven&#039;t had much of a period but I&#039;m like under 100 pounds so the doctor said it was normal. The last week I have been breaking out pretty bad and I have had major stomach pains for like 3 days straight. I thought I was pregnant because of the cramps but looking at the reviews I&#039;m not the only one. I think my sex drive went down its been six weeks and haven&#039;t had the urge but I like the pill other than that."
"Before taking this I was scratching like crazy for over 2 weeks. I thought nothing would help. After first dose I started feeling relief.

Cons: I cant fall asleep now..."
"Seriously y&rsquo;all, do not even take this! You will feel like you&rsquo;re dying from the bad nausea, can&rsquo;t eat, can&rsquo;t sleep, severe abdominal pain, headache. My stomach and symptoms felt much better before I started taking this horrid drug."
"Do not I repeat do not get this medicine. My mom bought it for me from the store. So I got home got in the tub and put it in about 11. I woke up at 3 am by force. It was itching and burning so badddddddddddddd. I&#039;m not lying or being dramatic. I was praying and so close to crying. It was a burning type of pain also. I had to get in the tub and rub like warm water on my vagina for an hour. Now I&#039;m back in bed and it&#039;s still burning. I wish I would&#039;ve listened to the little reviews I did read before I put the pill in. I don&#039;t recommend this at all."
"I started suboxone about 2 years ago after a nasty pill addiction. It works great. No cravings whatsoever and lets you live and maintain. It doesn&#039;t get you high if you have a tolerance but it does pick you up and make you feel better after you take it. I would recommend any opiate addict that has struggled for awhile and tried other treatment methods (rapid detox, 12 step programs, therapy) to give this a try. "
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 1 1/2 years now and at first it worked great at keeping me on a schedule. However at this point, if I forget to take it just for one day within a month of the day I&#039;m supposed to start the placebo, then I&#039;m going to start on the missed day instead. It seems like it&#039;s losing it&#039;s strength on me because I&#039;m getting more acne around &quot;that&quot; time. The hormone fluctuations are still pretty obvious to my body because I still get migraines. No change in cramps, but as long as they&#039;re not worse, I&#039;m okay with it. With those negatives out of the way, I can say that I haven&#039;t gained any weight and as long as I don&#039;t forget, it does a pretty good job of keeping me on the 90 day schedule."
"I have been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about a year now. During the first week I was definitely a moody brat but since then I am a changed woman!! I used to have terrible cramping, to the point where I would pass out from the pain. Since being on this pill, I haven&#039;t had cramps or a period in months. I was hesitant at first, but it has changed my life! I didn&#039;t have any weight gain or loss or other side effects besides the mood swings. I unfortunately have to switch as it has cost me too much each month! Highly recommend!"
"I have been on different medications for the past year to treat overactive bladder. I would also be unable to make it to the toilet before I needed to empty my bladder. I have been on Vesicare for 3 days. Fantastic, I cannot believe the difference. No more embarrassing moments, I am dry all day and night. I can make it to the toilet in time. I am no longer waking up throughout the night needing the toilet. No side effects also which I found with all the other medication I have tried. I was considering surgery but I don&#039;t think i will need to have surgery now."
"Good product few minor side effects."
"I LOVE this, wish they had higher doses. I am way more effective and way more responsive at work and at home. I was worried about being dependent on it but it gave me my life back, plus I&#039;m now sleeping better and feeling more rested."
"This November 2015 I will have had implanon for 3 years. The only thing I guess I could say that was bad was that I had a period for maybe most 2 weeks after a year of having it. After that I haven&#039;t had any period since. I get cramps rarely, no spotting. Very effective against pregnancy, very effective for stopping implantation if anyone was wondering because I know I was when I got it. I plan to get implanon again when it&#039;s time to remove it. I think I&#039;ve had an overall positive experience and I hope the second time around is good as well!"
"UK-

My Psychiatrist diagnosed Bipolar coming from BPD.  So was already on 200mg per day.   He wanted me to increase the dose for it to have any impact on mood.  200mg is nothing for a Bipolar illness.  Took a 300mg 9pm and woke up at 5 pm the next day!!   Seeing as I work I doubt this will be the drug for me especially as I am going up to 600mg."
"Before I took two 500 mg pills in one setting as directed, I came on here and read the reviews which scared me to no end. I was in a constant battle with myself as I continued to read the reviews whether I should take the pills to be safe or wait until my test results came back. I went and got tested after someone I was with told me they were positive for Chlamydia. Anyways, after reading the reviews about severe abdominal cramps, I wanted to skip out and not take the pills at all, but with much debate, as I had the next day off, I took the pills and prepared to have diarrhea and breath taking cramps and guess what? I only felt nauseous for five minutes and had diarrhea which wasn&#039;t bad at all. I expected much so much worse."
"My hot flashes were terrible. A lot during the day and at least 6 - 8 at night. Waking me up, so can&#039;t get enough sleep. I took the brisdelle and at first I didn&#039;t think it was working. About 4 weeks in, I noticed a big change and now I&#039;m 7 weeks in and have not had one hot flash in the last three weeks. I&#039;m sleeping again and not sweating all day long. The only drawback was the first 3 weeks. I was exhausted, had some muscle twitching and a backache. All gone now, but getting used to it was not easy but worth it."
"I have not had any issues with the implanon I got it in July 2013. I&#039;m on my last year and I love it. When I first got it in, my period didn&#039;t come for 7 months only last the usual 7 days and then it was gone, then my it came again 3 months later only lasted about 7 days. and now its hasn&#039;t came for a year but decided to pop up just last week but I&#039;m okay with it. I don&#039;t think I have any other side effects maybe some weight gain but I&#039;m tall and have always been petite so I like the weight gain. The only side effect I don&#039;t like is the hair growing everywhere it shouldn&#039;t. But thats not going to make me try anything else. I already tried the shot and pills. I couldn&#039;t remember to take the pill everyday and the shot had me on my period for like 2 months."
"I have been on Celexa for about 4 months now. I was diagnosed with depression when I was 13 (hereditary). At first my mother had me go to therapy for help. The therapy helped me figure myself out but didn&#039;t help me with my depression. I switched doctors and my new doctor prescribed me Celexa. It helped me considerably with my depression and my anxiety and stress problems. I take a small dose at night along with a herbal supplement to help me sleep. I don&#039;t feel hopeless or &quot;boxed&quot; anymore. I really like this medication and I plan to stick with it for a while."
"Have been taking this medicine for 3 years. At first I thought it wasn&#039;t doing anything for me. I took myself off of the medication. After a few weeks I noticed that my breathing got worse. 
Symbicort has made a huge difference in me being able to breath and not. Concerns are my high dosage compared to other people I know who are on it. "
"Product worked for me but the packaging is terrible,  I had similar experience to the other reviewers.  The individual doses will tear apart like the perforation indicates.  Then the pill on the end of the applicator falls out wherever - in the package, on the floor, in the sink, etc.  My insurance will not cover so the cost is $30-40 a pill.  This is like gold so I can&#039;t just throw the contaminated pill away.  How yucky to have to insert a pill into my body that can&#039;t be sterile anymore.  I don&#039;t care if the cost if higher, I am back to Vagifem."
"I got mines inserted in February 2016. I was excited about the weight gain since I&#039;m slim and had lost a few pounds but my weight is stable. No acne breakouts, mood swings, best of all no PERIODS!! after insertion my period left and about 3 months later I spotted for 3 days and nothing since. No nausea like the pills, no vaginal wetness like the ring, no aches in bones like depo... I love it! Sorry for those dealing with bad experiences."
"I&#039;ve been on Sutent since December 2008. First at 50 mg for 3 cycles then due to side effects dose reduced to 37.5 mg for about 3 more cycles but still had problems with my blood counts. Then the dose was reduced to 25 mg so since about 2 years ago I have been on Sutent 25 mg, 2 weeks on 1 week off. My tumors shrunk 30% since the beginning and now I&#039;ve been stable. Side effects are mild, sometimes a little bit harder but I am grateful I am still here and living a full life."
"I took the plan b pill after the condom broke and my boyfriend finished inside me. I&#039;m on the pill but that was the first time I had someone finish inside me so I was really freaked out. I took the pill about 14 hours after it happened. I felt fine for the first week but around the time I should have been ovulating, I began to get extremely nauseous and had really bad abdominal pain; it was a sharp pain in my right and left ovaries. The pain and neasua continued for a few weeks and it really freaked me out because I convinced myself I was pregnant. Finally the day I was suppose to get my period I got it, but it was extremely light which is very unusual for me but by the next day it was a normal flow. Dont worry and give it time!"
"I have been on the Viibryd for a month.  I have had NOTHING.  I feel no different than before I started.  No side effects and no change.  Recently, I have been on the 40mg for 2 weeks now and I cannot sleep and I wake up SOAKED in sweat. This is my first attempt at an antidepressant, so maybe it is not the right one for me."
"eyes made more blurry, scratchy, gummy.  Lasted for over an hour.  Used samples only, never picked up prescription because I was dissatisfied with eye drops."
"I have used Apidra for over 15 years. It allows me the freedom  to eat  at restaurants and family gatherings easily and comfortably."
"I was given this &quot;medication&quot; when my PTSD related anxiety and panic was too strong for Vistaril to even touch. I&#039;ve been on BuSpar for almost 8 months with no change in my Anxiety or Panic frequency. I have switched doctors and am now on 0.5mg of Xanax x 2 a day with no complaints. "
"I&#039;d never been on birth control up until a few months ago, and I was given Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo as a starter, because I did not want it to have much hormones. I went through two whole packs and decided to switch because of extremely low sex drive, extreme mood swings and increased appetite (I would eat a full meal and two hours later my stomach would be growling again). My relationship began to suffer due to these side effects so I stopped taking it and am back to normal. However, this pill DID have pros: I didn&#039;t get pregnant, it regulated my period and caused no breakouts or acne. But be wary of weight gain, decreased libido and mood swings."
"I am 42 years old. Had 4 weekly injections of Orthovisc for chondromalacia/osteoarthritis. I unfortunately had no relief of my symptoms. The injection itself is not all that painful."
"Silenor works very well keeping me asleep longer than usual.   I normally wake up 3-4 times a night without it.  But I have extreme dizziness and headaches the next day.  I think I&#039;ll go back on my Lunesta because I have trouble functioning the day after Silenor.  It is a great medicine but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s for me."
"For years I suffered from plantar fasciitis in my heel.  I could not even walk the pain was so bad.  I would have to hop on one foot to get around.  I tried everything from hot soaks to ibuprofen and new shoes. 
I saw a free sample of lotion with capsaisin in it, .01 % dose.  I had read reviews of all the burning so I had it for month and never tried it.  One day the pain was so bad I gave it a whirl.
Instant relief!  No burning, no stinging, not even a warmth.  I can walk again very comfortably.  I am so glad I learned of this medication.  
I donot understand why so many people experience burning and I did not.... But you should try it.  
Oh and if you live near a dollar store they sell a 7&quot; patch for $1.  I got 6 uses out of $1...."
"I have been sober for just over a month. I had been sober for a month before (in some cases many months) but this time feels different. In my most recent bout with alcohol, the quantity I consumed and the frequency of my drinking episodes increased tremendously. My cognitive function and physical/mental state had taken a downward spiral. I wasn&#039;t able to keep a job or facilitate healthy relationships with those around me. I spoke to my doctor about Antabuse and after some reluctance was able to obtain a prescription. I have been faithful about taking the pill every day and cravings have been minimal. Knowing that the option to drink isn&#039;t physically possible has been the chief contributor to this attempt at sobriety."
"I got my wisdom teeth pulled and and I&#039;m sure a lot of people know how that feels. Well my dentist prescribed me Vicoprofen. I was still in terrible pain even on the drug. I couldn&#039;t sleep for 2 days the drug did not help much."
"I  was diagnosed with Sjogrens Syndrome 3 months ago. I  also have rheumatoid Arthritis and Hashimotos. My rheumatologist prescribed Plaquenil in hopes to control all 3 conditions. I would say that Plaquenil has basically given me my life back. I suffer from debilitating joint pain, fatigue, brain fog and extreme anxiety. I had to quit working because as a high school teacher, brain fog and anxiety, are probably 2 of the worst things you should be dealing with when dealing with teenagers.  I  would give Plaquenil a 10, but I haven&#039;t been on it long enough to see the full effects. I continue to have more energy every day, I&#039;m back to walking, as exercise, again and my joint pain is very well controlled."
"Been exactly a month using and I&#039;ve lost 14 lbs. Have had little time to exercise so I&#039;m hoping to start soon with the nicer weather.  Side effects at beginning were dry mouth and back ache. None now, so from 216 to 202lbs. Goal is 170lbs."
"I wanted  a birth control that I wouldn&#039;t have to make monthly appointments or worry about pregnancy (after having my 2nd baby  unexpectedly). It definitely does give hormonal issues, mental and physical I pushed thru those issues for about 2 years into getting it and finally started getting control over it. I did have to see a dr and get the anxiety and depression sorted, which I think went along with untreated post partum depression for both of my girls. My periods come and go as they please. Never really have cramps. Just get uncomfortable and the regular period symptoms. Would have a period for 1 week then none for a month and a half-2months If I went 2 months without then I&#039;d have it for 1 week spot for a day or so then had it another 4 days"
"I&#039;ve been hesitant try Prozac as I didn&#039;t want to be a zombie or overly sedated. But after 5 years of dealing with Panic Disorder/Generalized Anxiety and countless antidepressant not working, I decided to give it a try. The first month was pretty rough. I was always tired, brain was foggy and I continued to have anxiety. But I stuck with it and after increasing to 30 mg, I felt absolutely NORMAL. I could feel emotions and even a normal amount of anxiety without freaking out. It has also helped with social anxiety. DOWNSIDE - I find it almost impossible to get any deep sleep on this medicine, and no sleep medicine seems to work (I&#039;ve tried them all)."
"I really liked it but it caused dystonic reaction in my muscles so I couldn&#039;t continue taking it even with akineton added. "
"Bipolar 2(now 65) with years of trying every mood disorder medicine around until Lamotrigine was recommended for Bipolar 2. Felt back in my &#039;own&#039; skin again after 20 years of &#039;enduring&#039; life. On 200mg twice daily takes a while to adjust dose so please be patient..it gave me back my life!"
"If you are going through withdrawal from opiates go to the ER or a doctor and be honest with them. Get a script for Clonidine. It is a GOD SEND. But, be sure to taper off it after two weeks."
"I work at a doctor&#039;s office and was given a sample of this for a migraine. I&#039;m supposed to be taking preventative medicine for migraines but don&#039;t like the side effects. This did take a lot of the pain away, decreasing it to I suppose you&#039;d say a moderate headache, and I was able to get through my day. But when it wore off the full migraine came right back. 

The only downside is the pill got lodged in my throat and I nearly choked on it. It&#039;s really large. I can take a one a day vitamin every morning with no problems, they&#039;re fairly big. So it&#039;s not that I have trouble swallowing."
"I have been taking this for less than a week and it has already given me favourable results. I would recommend this to anyone."
"6 months of problems with Cymbalta/Duloxetine &amp; so sick and tired that I&#039;ve thrown them in the bin and with no help and advice from my GP. even though I know that &#039;cold turkey&#039; from snri&#039;s could damage my health. From the outset of taking this drug I had chronic diarrhoea. This lasted 4+ months and have now been diagnosed with microscopic colitis despite no previous gastric problems in my life. I&#039;ve gained the best part of a stone in weight, I was drowsy and sleeping during the daytime. The drug did not vastly reduce my anxiety or depressed moods and did not help with any pain that is caused by my osteoarthritis of spine &amp; knees. Withdrawal symptoms seem to be minimal,10 days of cessation, so fat experienced a little tearful and irritable."
"I was on Sprintec 28 day birth control for years. I got off of this because I started forgetting my pill. I wanted to try a different form of birth control that would be easier for me. My doctor immediately told me that the NuvaRing would be best, that I would have no side effects, and that I would be fine. I was NOT fine. I became extremely depressed, was crying all the time and furious with everyone. I started to have suicidal thoughts. It was the scariest feeling. After a month of this, I couldn&#039;t take it anymore and got off of the NuvaRing. Being on this medicine was the worst experience of my entire life and I believe that if another option would work for you, try it instead of this. Nothing is worth feeling depressed and suicidal."
"I have been on Sronyx for 5 months now. I had Mirena previously which was a nightmare but that&#039;s another story. Since I started this pill I&#039;ve had no problems or side-effects until recently. I am now constantly bloated, abdominal pain which varies, upset stomach and white vaginal discharge. I have no idea what has brought upon these symptoms but it is quite annoying. I have taken a pregnancy test just to rule out causes and test was negative. Overall this medication does serve its purpose and if no further problems I will continue to use it."
"I&#039;ve been on Oxycontin for 11 years. It helps relieve some pain along with the Duragesic Patch."
"I have never been a fan of Birth Control Pills. However, due to major cramps my Dr. suggested this method to regulate and easy my period pain. I was prescribed Daisy but the pharmacy end up giving me Ashlyna instead. I have the 3 mos, lowest dose pills. The 1st month my period came normal and NO PAIN. But unfortunately for the second month which I am currently under ( only 3 pills left) I have been with my period for a month. No major cramps or heavy bleeding, but I have been using panty liners for the entire time. Very light period but I am tired of bleeding. I feel weaker and swollen. I don&#039;t drink water as I should. However, I&#039;ve noticed I am retaining too much liquid ever since I started these pills. Will give it time to see if it works"
"Hi there I am 42 years old I took Bonitril  when I was around 32 years old and lost alot of weight went from 200 size 13 down to a size 3 and 4. I sick have had health issues and gained weight 2013 I weight 169 which is a size 8 to 9 for my height of 5ft4 which I looked great ,but since then I have went up to as much as 209.5 . In may I got on bonitril again went down to 192 with horseback riding exercise. I was doing great. Then I had relapsed without meds I went back up to 205. Now I&#039;m back on got my hopes up"
"Have returned repeatedly to Chlortrimeton after taking Zyrtec or Claritin off and on. I get relief for hayfever symptoms without drowsiness and cost is lower. I feel sleepy on the other two meds and the 24 hour dose is not consistent over that period of time. My hayfever is not a severe case with running nose, itchy eyes, and sneezing from Mid-March to May seemingly getting less with age. I&#039;m 69. Have tried the 12 hour dose and find it works consistently for me but prefer the 4 hour tablet."
"I have suffered from Angina for the past 5 years.  Since I started Renexa there are days I go with no Angina symptoms. I have been on Renexa 500mg twice a day. When I do experience Angina symptoms they can last 1 to 2 days in a row and pretty strong symptoms. It can be very frustrating! My cardiologist has ran several test bloodwork, CT Angiogram, stress test, etc... He currently is just monitoring me and has me on Renexa, Metropolol 50 mg and 40 mg of simvastatin."
"So to start, Im not affiliated with any med companies, nor is this some fake bs review. I was you, scanning reviews all night long, just two weeks ago. I have a HUGE personal phobia of medication, in dread of any adverse side effects... and my anxiety has also come back with a vengeance over the last 2 years, and began controlling my life. 

I started on 5mg generic. People say it&#039;s placebo at this dose....everyone is different. I can tell you a few things: The 9th day on it I had realized most of my anxiety was gone &amp; all my emotions, sex drive, were all in tact. 1 major problem... Insomnia for every single night, and night sweats. Couldn&#039;t sleep for more than 3 hours a night. Helped, but not the right med for me due to this. Try it!"
"I have been on Copaxone now for 6 weeks.  Started on Tecfidera and that was just a horrible experience so switched to Copaxone three times a week.  I also encountered an Autoject problem and after one week switched to doing the injection manually.  The site reactions are pretty much gone but I do use heat prior and ice post injection to keep whatever reaction occurs to a minimum.  I have only been diagnosed for 3 months now but I have so much more energy than I have had for a very long time so my experience has definitely been positive!"
"I started to take Concerta in 2010. I see a difference about my school behavior. My teachers think that I have improved at school."
"Was hospitalized after psychotic break proscribed Zyprexa 20mg at first the medicine was ok my paranoia and schizophenic thoughts went away. But after about two weeks i started to notice the side affects weight gain was the most obvious gained 40 pounds in two months and sleep i was sleeping 9-12 hours a night it was difficult to wake up in the morning. During the day i felt unmotivated and at work i had no energy even after drinking an energy drink.lowerd my dose to 5mg it didnt make difference. after about 6 months i had enough decided to try an other medication now i fell much better. bottom line Zyprexa was the worst med ive ever tried.If you want to try this med beware you will gain weight."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control near 6 months. In the begin I got it wasn&#039;t awful I did experience mood swings at first and break through bleeding. The longer I have been on it the more consistent it&#039;s almost as if I have my period 3 weeks on and one week off. It has made me severely irritable to put it nicely and because I have been bleeding so much my sex drive has also suffered. I would not recommend this birth control to anybody. In my opinion it&#039;s awful."
"Wow this drug gets your GI tract moving.  Daily opioid user for chronic pain and constipation was becoming such a problem, I gave in and got some samples from my Dr.  2 hours later relief!  THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS HERE claiming pain and cramping.... yes after immobilizing your bowels with opioids for extended periods giving them a kick in the pants isn&#039;t going to feel good (but it will clean you out)"
"I&#039;m sharing my experience because my number one fear when taking the pill was the severity of the side effects everyone talks about. The way people have made it sound I would be sick all the time and I felt that was something to worry about with my busy life. Me and my bf had sex and didn&#039;t realize until it was over that it had broke. I took it maybe an hour after it happened and received light bleeding for no more than two days and then recieved my period ON TIME two weeks later. I&#039;m sure I had symptoms but to put it in perspective I didn&#039;t have anything that felt out of the ordinary from an occasional headache or diarrhea from eating something bad and I&#039;m not even sure those even correlated with the pill."
"It works very well at first but I seem to have gotten used to it very fast. After about 3 months I&#039;m already on the max dose of 300mg."
"This medicine helped my pain with my Juvenile Arthritis. I realised it helped right away but my 3rd day being on it I end up in the ER because I had large amount blood in my stool so parents rushed me to ER and I have been off the medicine for like 4 days. I&#039;m in huge amount of pain again but the passing of blood has stopped.

If you do not have scary side effects due to this medicine I would recommend it because it did help me."
"My shrink put me on this in 2010. I was overdue for a hip replacement, and it showed when I hobbled into his office! Combined with ketoprofen 75 mg (best NSAID out there for pain) 100 mgs twice daily got me through for 5 months till surgery. Excellent synergistic effect. Still take it with the NSAID since my spine is arthritic, and my knee is ready for replacement now. Problem is my family doc no longer prescribes NSAIDs because of heart and kidney concerns! He thinks 3 tramadol daily is sufficient! "
"UPDATE: Started on April 8th 2017, 47yr old female, 5ft. 3in. 221.6lbs. This morning my weight is 183.4lbs. Down 38.2lbs, once again basically with no exercise, just Contrave which in turn gave me the ability to make better food choices, and has lead to watching my carb and calorie intake. It IS a lifestyle change. One I never thought I could make, but it takes repeatedly making good choices for it to become a habit, and with Contrave I care what I put in my mouth now, cuz I want to keep losing and not gain. Friday is my cheat day!! :-)"
"I have received knee shots with Euflexxa and Hylagan and Synvisic-One. they all worked well for me. I experienced a little discomfort walking the first 10 minutes after the injections. The Euflexxa felt like WD-40 being sprayed into my knees and worked well. It made my knees feel very lubricated with a bit of a bounce. The others seemed to give a bit more cushion within the knees but with less lubrication. I would recommend Euflexxa to anyone that does not have an allergic reaction to it. Six to twelve months of relief. Greatly satisfied with the product and Insurance covered all of the price except the doctors up front office visit co-pay."
"I took two 5mg pills and it took 18 hrs to &quot;kick in.&quot; But when it did, there was no stopping it. Be sure to be close to a potty! Overall, it solved the problem. I hadn&#039;t been able to &quot;go&quot; in 3 weeks before the medicine."
"This medicine has saved my life on several occasions.  I developed physical anxiety issues (severe tingling, losing balance, trouble driving, insomnia, etc) a year after my 3rd child was born.  My physician tried several SSRI and tricyclic antidepressants.  They all made my symptoms worse.  Ativan/Lorazepam helped immediately for all symptoms.  In my opinion it is a miracle and I hate how it is demonized in the media and medical community.  When you suffer a month without sleeping hardly at all and can barely function in a normal setting due to crippling physical anxiety symptoms, and something provides relief, you take it.  Yes, when you are ready to stop the medicine you have to reduce very slowly over a long period of time.  Godsend!"
"In 2001 had liver transplant. Still had Hep C. Received Sovaldi in a Giliead program only for Hep-C with transplant patients. Free. Cured. 8 months out. No side effects worth mention. Didn&#039;t miss a beat. Caught from transfusions, 1981, Discovered 1995, Transplant 2001, Cured 2014."
"I love this, I have a severe sensitivity to cats, and the itching gets horrible, but just a drop of Patenol in each eye and it stops. Unfortunately my insurance stopped paying for this eye drop and I can not afford it any more, hoping for a generic ."
"I believe this is the best birth control I&#039;ve tried that prevents pregnancy because after 9 months of having it I have gained weight, had mood swings, and have no sex drive to even want to have sex. I recommend this to someone that truly wants to prevent pregnancy and is serious about just that and be okay with the side effects. For myself I&#039;m about to research different ones because this one isn&#039;t for me."
"Killed the infection quickly and relieved pain. Worked great !"
"Lexapro saved my life pure and simple. I was 42 years old and worked many years in the financial industry. One night before I went to bed right after X-mas, I had a severe panic attack and for three months I suffered unbelievably. I tried dieting, meditation, vitamins, exercise, you name it. Nothing worked. I first tried Zoloft but the side effects were awful. Next I tried Lexapro. Side effects were bad for 2 weeks and then after a month, anxiety reduced by 80%. Still have some but 100% better than before. Another key is to meditate, eat right, exercise and connect spiritually. Lexapro for the brain and meditation for the soul!"
"Awesome works better than any other anti-inflammatory. I couldn&#039;t walk if it weren&#039;t for them."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 3 and a 1/2 weeks. I started at 309 lbs and today I&#039;m at 295.4, so as of today I&#039;ve dropped 13 pounds. I have drastically changed my diet to about 600 calories during the work day and up to 1000 at night.  It may sound weird but I&#039;m a construction foreman and stay very busy and therefore can eat low cal snacks and a simple lunch and be fine. I also do a lot of walking around and going up stairs. (100 at a time). I also take plenty of fiber every night.  Without the medication I was constantly hungry and sustaining my weight (not burning fat). As far as taking 4 pills a day I&#039;ve taken ssri&#039;s for years, nuff said."
"I have suffered for years with terrible tremors. Started the medication slowly and now on 750 daily my shakes are still there but not as noticeable. My hands are not to bad, but the shaking of my head is awful nodding &quot;yes&quot;. My doctor is debating putting me on a beta blocker, apparently that helps I will take anything at this point. No adverse effects from the Medication. I never realised how many people are suffering from essential tremors it&#039;s awful that people assuming you are a nervous person, this affects you in your work and your social life which I avoid completely, apparently surgery will be available in a few years to completely cure it, so the road is definitely brighter Good luck I hope it works for you."
"I have been plagued with cold sores my entire life and this is the only topical cream that works at all. My doctor also prescribed me Valtrex and when I pair the two my cold sore disappears within hours."
"the only thing that works.  completely awesome."
"Immediate improvements in my joint arthritis level was noticed within 3 days and I&#039;ve been able work regular hours."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for 12 months. I&#039;ve had social anxiety since I was 13 (I&#039;m 22) but a year ago I had a traumatic experience and constantly felt like my stomach was in knots. After 3 months of feeling that way, I went to a doctor and was prescribed 25 mg Zoloft. The initial side effects were being incredibly tired (it was hard to stay awake just driving to class), dry mouth and anxiety for a short time. Eventually I was at 100mg/day and had lost about 12 lbs. I am on 75mg now, have been for about 9 months and have gained most of the weight back. Side-effects now are absolutely no sex drive and if I forget to take it I have &quot;brain shivers&quot;. I definitely would recommend to anyone. I finally can talk to people without feeling my heart beat out of my chest."
"I have tried everything - way too much otc medicines and several prescriptions which wouldn&#039;t touch the headache This drug is a miracle. Knocks out what would be a debilitating migraine in 30 to 60 minutes. I can even go back to work once it kicks in. I&#039;m worried because I&#039;m entering menopause and they recommend not taking it due to heart worries once you hit menopause, but I don&#039;t want to go back to the dark days where migraines would keep me in a dark room in bed for an entire day.  Side effects are a sore throat/painful swallowing and increased urination, but it is a small price to pay for relief."
"I hope this helps to all the depressed people out there. I have been seeing a psychiatrist for drug induced depression.  I abused meth, Vicodin, coke, and any other drug you can think of for years and that has left me a basket case. I have tried many antidepressants but I suffer too many adverse reactions for the stronger stuff. I am currently on 300mg Wellbutrin and 15 mg Deplin and I have to say I feel GREAT! However I had taken Wellbutrin/Deplin combo in the past and it stopped working for me after 6 months.  The results with the antidepressants were a little funny because I went back to abusing Vicodin. Now I am clean of any drugs and just taking what is prescribed by my doctor.  300mg Wellbutrin and 15 mg Deplin. "
"I sprayed it on the irritation which had hurt like a son of gun, and it immediately stopped hurting."
"My pain Doctor gives me this now along with Phenergan in I.M injection, prior to my epidural treatments, for my lower back (twisted tail bone), Bulging discs, neck epidurals, and botox for my migraines. This combination works very well for me in sedation and pain relief, so I can tolerate the epidurals. My system can&#039;t tolerate any other medicines very well, so I am thankful for Demerol, as it does not make me sick or have any hangover feeling."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena for 5 years. I&#039;m having it takin out next month. I&#039;ve really enjoyed having this birth control. For one it was very effective and I didn&#039;t have to remember to take a pill. The only thing I have bad to say about the Mirena is it did cause cyst which was very painful at times and as I&#039;ve read all the reviews not one person mentioned discharge. It causes you to &quot;leak&quot;. Its perfectly normal.  But to me was gross. And it was a lot! I can say my sex drive has decreased in the last year to where I don&#039;t want it at all. Other than that it has been great! Getting it put in didn&#039;t really hurt I just felt pressure.  Hope this helps!"
"After a month of bouncing between morning and night dosing of 1 50mg pill, I settled on morning. It was making me super sleepy but that went away mostly. Didn&#039;t gain but maybe 5lbs if that (I&#039;m a gym rat somewhat).  Felt really stoned the first week or so and sleeping was strange, maybe a little erectile dysfunction at first, but all of that went away too.  A month in and the side effects are minimal.  The panic is under control, but the depression is completely gone.

THANKS A MILLION ZOLOFT."
"Am on Benicar 40mg once a day. It works pretty good, although doctor had to add 25mg HCTZ to get my blood pressure to 120/70. Causes minimal dizziness, not aware of any other side effects. Prior medicines included lisinopril which worked better but caused me to cough all the time, and Toprol XL. One thing about Benicar - it sped up my heart rate by about 20 beats, which my doctor said was OK."
"I have been on this birth control since June, I haven&#039;t had any problems. My period comes like clock work, no scares, no hair loss, no weight gain, no mood swings. I was on a different birth control where I had my period every three months and I prefer this one, just because I can keep track of everything! I recommend it."
"My doctor prescribed doses similar to shingles victims. I would recommend using this with Denavir. I had a cold sore in the morning, and four days later it is almost gone. It went from the initial stage to scab stage in one day. Valtrex is definitely worth it."
"I saw no difference in my cough using these pills. It was still horrible and kept me up at night and lasted several days"
"I am happy again.   After 3 visits to E.R. %uFEFFthe Dr. found that I have ear infection. After 2 days taking %uFEFFthe medicine I feel alive again."
"I used Celexa years ago. Went off of it, for almost 8 years and then started school again. I&#039;m now 26. I had a really bad experience of hyperventilating and passing out due to stress, I was afraid to take anything, but after a year of suffering I decided it&#039;s time. My therapist suggested going back on the Celexa and since then I&#039;m on 10 mg once a day and it has helped me a lot. I have been on it for 1 month, I definitely feel better not 100 percent though. I think I might need to up it to 15 mg or 20 mg to feel 100 percent but I don&#039;t want to be completely zoned out. We will see I have a final tonight that is going to make or break me in a class, so it may just be today. Celexa has saved my life."
"It help get my blood pressure regulated...No side effects at all."
"No good at all, run for your life. Acne break out terrible big yellow hard to squeeze bumps and I never ever had any acne. Clean face all my life, even on other birth control, blood clots in legs. Heavy lumpy flows, disgustingly thick periods. I&#039;m at 110 lbs when started Dasetta 777, rapidly weight gained15 lbs within 2 months. I had to give away all my small underwear couldn&#039;t go on my butt, tight, very uncomfortable. Always steady on my weight, hate that pill it, come off of it right away for your life. Now off it for almost a month now and slowly dropping back to my normal weight and life(very,very, very very, very NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE) . Back to my regulated body and small underwear lol."
"I found this bottle from June 2010 that I was given at the emergency room. I can&#039;t remember what my visit was for but I have had a migraine since Saturday. I grabbed this bottle in desperation and it was like a miracle. The pain slid away from my head like taking a wig off. My vision is somewhat returning but the pain relief was amazing. I want to talk to my neurologist about a prescription to keep on hand"
"Works better for pain than anything I&#039;ve tried. "
"This pill nearly killed me!! It took so much salt out of my body that my blood pressure dropped to 42/28 !! I nearly had a stroke/ death situation!!!"
"I got the Mirena in a month ago the procedure didn&#039;t hurt at all.The first two weeks the only problem I had was dizziness.About a week ago I started bleeding and have not stopped and I am cramping very very bad. I am starting to think I may have to get it removed."
"I suffered from depression on and off til I was 33. My doctor prescribed a couple medicines without success. Tried Tofranil because my mother took it in the late 1950&#039;s. Noticed a gradual improvement over 1 to 4 months with the full effect over a period of about 12 months. Medicine did not work at 100mg so went up to 250mg then 200mg. Some (small price) side effects include dry mouth (Gum, tictac remedy) medicine makes you sleepy about 2 hrs after ingestion. Get ready for a good nights sleep, increased appetite and feeling more relaxed than ever before. I remember the first sign of the Tofranil working was when I went outside one day and the sun seemed so bright and I was happier to be alive. That was 25years ago. "
"Caused me to be very drowsy all of the time, sleeping about 16 hours every night and I developed an itchy rash of red pimple-like bumps on my scalp and neckline and middle of my back after taking it for a few days."
"This is the worst prep ever! Last time I had a colonoscopy I did the moral ax prep and it worked well with no gagging taste, no cramps and no nausea. This time my GI has changed to suprep- worse taste ever, had a hard time holding 1st dose down, vomited 2nd dose, worst cramping ever and burned my skin in the backend when everything came out. WHY do doctors use this when there is a much more tolerable medication on the market? Pure torture!"
"I started Jolessa for my heavy periods and have been on it for about a month now. 
I haven&#039;t experienced any spotting but I have gained 7 lbs (but feel like I appear much larger). I&#039;m depressed, moody, and I have broken out like no other. I am using acne solution products yet there are pimples all over my face, back, and arms ( I had very clear skin to begin with). 
I honestly would rather have my heavy periods that came every 20 days back than feel the way I do on Jolessa."
"Basically I wanted to get my period a little earlier so I stopped taking my birth control on Friday December 4. That Friday and Saturday were the last 2 days before I was supposed to start taking the sugar pills. Anyway, I completely forgot to tell my boyfriend that I hadn&#039;t taken the pill that day and he 100% finished inside me. I freaked out and within 30 minutes we went to the store and bought plan B one-step. It is now Monday December 7, 3 days of not taking my birth control and I haven&#039;t had my period yet.I&#039;m really scared. I&#039;ve been bloated and kind of gassy but I&#039;m scared that I&#039;m just subconsciously making myself think that I&#039;m experiencing the symptoms of my period. Please help me out"
"Victoza has been great for me. My numbers are 88 to 125 consistently. The first couple weeks were a little rough with the side effects but my body has adjusted the last 2 weeks. I am eating normal meals, snacking a little more and sleeping better. My A1c was 8.3 in June, gets checked again in November. Based on my blood sugar testing, I expect my A1c to be below 7. Thank you Victoza!!!"
"I am having a lot of headaches, usually morning and night, and am having a lot of weakness. I&#039;ve also been nauseous and lightheaded. It&#039;s very frustrating but it&#039;s only been 2 weeks so I&#039;m anxious to see if it gets better."
"I have been taking Benicar 20/12.5 Hydrochlorothiazide for 7 years now. It works well and keeps my blood pressure at 120/75-80. Regular Benicar without diuretic did not work so well so I switched to HCT about 6 years ago. I do experience dizziness occasionally and get light headed but I was told that&#039;s normal. "
"I&#039;ve been using Drysol for quite a few years and it has worked wonderfully! I use it every 2nd or 3rd night, otherwise I get smelly even though I don&#039;t sweat much, if at all, while using it. I sometimes use a deodorant with it on the 3rd day. It is a great product that changed my life when I started using it! The only downfall is that it eats away at my pyjama tops after awhile. I wear sleeveless tops when I use it but it still puts holes in them under the arm."
"So I started taking Reclipsen about four months ago. At first, everything was fine. My periods became regular and tolerable and the oiliness of my skin went down. However, about a month ago, I started experiencing horrible mood swings. I already had depression and anxiety but this greatly exacerbated the issue. I started snapping at people, crying, and having suicidal thoughts. I went to a doctor for mood stabilizers and it was almost impossible to find one that didn&#039;t react with the Reclipsen. I ruined numerous relationships during that time. I stopped taking it and within one day I felt calmer. I&#039;m definitely not taking it again and will be looking at an IUD."
"I was switched to Avapro from Micardis, two or three years ago, because of cumulative side effects from the latter, including recurring bronchitis and mineral imbalance.  Apparently cumulative side effects have occurred again.  I have now developed something like a chronic sinus infection, one doctor said my tonsils have grown back and are infected, and have suffered with recurring infections in the tear duct of my eye.  I have noticed other changes too, though I&#039;m not sure how many of these may be related to the medication, thus the &quot;5&quot; rating:  I have gradually become an unmotivated and disinterested person, a great change for me.  I hope the next hypertensive medication will have less side effects."
"This is a great medication. While it does make you restless if you take to late in the day, it really makes you feel better quick. There was slight discomfort in joints for first 2 days and went away. On for 7 days, 750 mg. It works very well. It gave me this burst of energy all day and it really decreases your appetite."
"Excellent for anxiety, and panic attacks. Saved me from myself. However I have put a stone on in weight - I know this is unusual, but I have not changed my diet in any way, and prior to this I had lost 3 and half stone , which stayed off for over a year without any gain, prior to taking this medication. Very upsetting.."
"Epiduo is amazing. I had pretty bad face and back acne for a while and nothing worked to clear it. My sister had the same problem so she was prescribed Epiduo and it helped her a lot so I decided to give it a try. It cleared my skin really fast. I saw a difference after just using it twice. I read other comments and they all complained about the dryness and burning but that only happens because they use it everyday from the start. You&#039;re supposed to ease into it like maybe use once every 3 days then after a few times of doing that use it every other day and then if you really need to, which I find that I don&#039;t, you use it everyday."
"I have tried every bc out there and my body has rejected them all. Even the IUDs dislodged themselves within three days. got the nexplanon about a month and a half ago and I have had very unstable mood swings. I&#039;m a hardcore fitness person so my body fat was at 10% when I got this and it&#039;s made me gain 15lbs. My bleeding won&#039;t stop been two weeks and my cramps have become worse and lasted a whole week. Worst experience with birth control."
"I&#039;m 18 and have been on Cryselle for around 3 years. I have 3-4 day periods that are generally pretty light and manageable. No weight gain or mood swings, but I&#039;ve suffered from acne since I hit puberty and recently realized that my skin completely clears up during my placebo pill week. I really think that the hormones in Cryselle are what&#039;s been giving me such bad skin. Although I really like everything else about this pill, I&#039;m switching to another next week that will hopefully improve my skin."
"I suffered with Irritable Bowel Syndrome for over 30 years beginning in my 30&#039;s after a severe gastrointestinal infection. I controlled it with OTC meds like Pepto-Bismol and Imodium. The condition worsened until I could no longer count on having a symptom free day and my diet was severely limited. My doctor recommended Nortriptyline and the lowest dose of 10 mg immediately worked. I now can eat a diet that includes fruits and vegetables I has been unable to eat for years. I did have one troubling side effect at first -rapid heart rate. I was taking a low dosage of a beta blocker for this condition prior to taking Nortriptyline. My doctor recommended increasing my beta blocked dosage, and the palpitations  have discontinued. I am healthy and very active."
"I have had the Mirena in for close to one year now. I have one son and my husband and I have been talking about having another child. Around eight weeks ago I started having horrible mood swings, crying, and I have become very easily upset.Weight gain, low libido and continued dryness are also a problem. I have unbearable cramping and pains in my lower abdomen, and I have had 6 yeast infections since I had Mirena put in place, I had never had one prior to this. At first I put all my problems up to working on the Noc shift, when I quit doing that and the signs were still there I realized what the problem was."
"I took Flexeril for my back and it did help, but it made me extremely tired and gave me bad cotton mouth.  I would take it and be drowsy for 16 hours afterwards."
"I was prescribed lexapro about a year after my assault. I took only one pill. It made me feel worse than the anxiety it self. I was in a daze all day not sure how I made to college that day and back home. Walking was like I was drunk and the overall feeling inside me was horrible. what a waste of $65.00 back then."
"It&#039;s now day 6 of being on Contrave, my start weight was 176.3 I&#039;m now 170lbs. I&#039;m averaging a pound a day. The nausea I started with lasted for only 3 days. I get this weird feeling that comes over me throughout the day, I just drink more water &amp; it passes. No other side effects so far!"
"I&#039;ve had insomnia since I was 14, I&#039;m 35 now. My insomnia stems from abuse as a child which led to PTSD. When I was about 23 I was diagnosed as bi-polar. I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve ever really slept like a normal person. I&#039;ve been on so many different sleep aids. I have had 2 sleep studies, the most recent confirmed that I don&#039;t have sleep apnea but that I don&#039;t have normal sleep. I started Clonazepam a couple weeks ago after the combination of ativan 2mg and amitriptyline 300 mg stopped working. My doctor started me at 0.5mgs I took it for 2 weeks and it had no effect on me, so she raised it to 1mg and I don&#039;t know what I&#039;m supposed to feel but I&#039;m definitely not tired, I&#039;m up till 3 or 4 in the morning. It&#039;s honestly one of the most frustrating things."
"I have no idea where some folk get their MoviPrep from, but I&#039;m in the UK and got it free through the NHS to use in preparation for an endoscopy to check my bowels. 
First off, the taste was fine - just like a powdered lemon juice - absolutely no problems drinking it - in fact I enjoyed watching TV whilst sipping it! 
It took about 1.5 hours before I had my first toilet visit, but at no time was I concerned that I might lose control. My stools became watery after the second visit and continued that way for about 10 or more visits. To my surprise, I went to bed, about 2 hours after my last drink, I didn&#039;t have to get up in the night. In the morning, slight watery movement and then went to hospital. The surgeon said that my bowel was clear"
"I have had RA since 1987 and tried pretty much every drug and biologic out there. After a few weeks on Simponi  (2011) I swore that I was completely cured of my RA. Unfortunately the manufacturer does not give financial assistance to people on Medicare so I had to get off the best drug that ever worked and have been deteriorating ever since. Shame on Johnson &amp; Johnson for not having compassion on patients who can&#039;t afford their drug. 
BIG DRUG COMPANIES!!!"
"I wanted to tell everyone that I was diagnosed with migraines about 12 years ago, and I was prescribed Midrin / Duradrin / Epidrin ever since.  I can tell you, that it is the MOST effective migraine medication that I have personally taken.  My migraines have been so vicious over the last 12 years that I have tried EVERYTHING over-the-counter and prescription, trying to prevent them in the first place.  I guess at this point in my life so far, nothing we have tried has really had any true success. Either the medicines I was taking to prevent them in the first place caused more side effects than what I could tolerate.  I take 2 caps and feel relief usually within 30 minutes and side effects are minimal."
"This is my experience so far for anyone considering a Mirena coil. 
I ummed and erred for months because of negative reviews and my concerns were:
1) Would insertion hurt? The answer was no, I&#039;ve had more painful cervical smears than the insertion of my mirena coil.
2) Would it mess with my monthly cycle? Yes, it did. I bled constantly, (in an array of colours!) for the obligatory 3 months that the GP told me to wait, until my body got used to it. Then it was another month before I finally went back to my GP and said &quot;Help&quot;. She gave me a progesterone pill told me to take it for a month. I only took it for only one week! It did the job, I stopped bleeding and have gone on to a normal cycle. My periods only last a couple of days, do not hurt and are light, (just a smear of blood). I am 47 and compared to the heavy periods I was having before, it&#039;s a walk in the park.
3) Would I put on weight? No, not so far. I feel thinner around the middle.
4) Would I loose my sex drive? No, not so far. I was worried about this, however I am happy to say that I have noticed no difference. Sex is just as welcome and enjoyable as before.
5) Would I get spots? No. The doctor told me that this was less likely because the hormonal content is tiny and localised to the womb. She was right.
All in all it was the right decision for me. I am very happy. I hope this post helps others."
"I am a newbie on this medicine. I went to the doctor because had been for months, in a state of constant terror, like the feeling you would get if you were driving down the road and a kid ran out in front of the car. That feeling was with me 24/7. I had terrible nightmares. 

Since the first day I took Celexa, my terror subsided by about 80%. Day 4, I am a bit edgy, but I took a half Xanax and am okay now. Before I was taking four Xanax a day and I was still not coping. 

My side effects have been being more tired than usual, although today I am just fine. I am constipated, but a stool softener worked that out. I just pray the bad feelings stay away and I don&#039;t become non-compliant, which is typical for me. I always find a reason to stop medicines."
"I had no initial problems with Xiidra. No burning or bad taste. It seemed to be working well. I had temporary blurred vision for awhile after using the drops. Then, after using Xiidra for two weeks, one morning the blurred vision didn&#039;t clear. I could not see to read. It was terrifying. Two optometrists, an MD and an Opthamologist could not find a cause. I immediately stopped using Xiidra. My vision has slowly returned, and is now normal. Please report side effects to the FDA. I believe Xiidra has the potential for much more serious side effects than have been reported."
"I suffer from Chronic  Depression and High Anxiety all my life. Other medications work but I am so out of touch with reality I choose not to take them..

I started a 300mg twice a day dose of Oxcarbazepine with 50mg of Pristiq. I have only been taking this for two weeks but so far everything is great... I am experiencing what its like to be &ldquo;Normal&rdquo;... A feeling I have rarely experienced so it feels a little abnormal. Life is much better now.... the best I have ever felt..  I hope it works for years to come"
"This medicine works guys.  I am doing the daily dose.  Doctor said for me to do a pill a day for 2 weeks then every other day after that.  If this scheduling works the cost will be very reasonable for the benefit received."
"Just got put back on lexapro 20mg a few days ago after being off of it for a few months. Same side effects as when I had started it before; a headache that doesn&#039;t wanna go away, nausea, lightheadedness, dizziness and my insomnia has gotten worse."
"Evens me out... Reduces the ups and downs."
"I was on Coumadin from 2008-2013. I am now 28 years old. Imagine how I react when I go to a Dr, get told about Xarelto, that I do NOT need to see my doctor weekly-biweekly, and I CAN EAT GREENS! It was a miracle for me. Yes, the bleeding risk is still there. But a once daily pill for my chronic recurrent deep vein thrombosis verses modifying multiple times my Coumadin based on fluctuating INR levels is a God send. My PCP was about to put me on the similar Xa-inhibitor medication but this came out. Off to enjoy sauteed spinach!"
"I experienced some side effects in the beginning of taking this medication. I tried two others prior to this and they failed so when I got onto this it helped me so much. I feel so much better and more energized then I have had in the past."
"loved this birth control! my periods were a little abnormal but nothing too major. no mood swings or weight gain. :)"
"Serious auto wreck crushed 2 discs in cervical area. Only options are surgical or meds. Out of 5 people who had surgery, 1 completely cured surgically. 3 said condition unchanged after long R&amp;R.Last one was in wheelchair due to small surgical error. That made up my mind. As long as meds control pain enough to live normal life(pretty much), I refuse to risk surgical procedure. Started with 3 30mg Oxycontin a day, did fairly well, but in line at pharmacy one day, said the word oxycontin too loudly, noticed three heads turned. I was afraid of being mugged on the way out. My doc suggested 30 mg Opana @2 a day, but had to increase to 40 mg@ 2Xdaily. With 4 10 mg IR for b/t pain, it is as good as it can be. I also take 3 mg xanax daily"
"New dose, one pill took it at noon, bowel motion by 1:30 at 5pm started drinking solution every 10 minutes. Choose the cherry flavor, tasted like thick flavored water. I am glad it was cold, did not taste as bad as I anticipated. Biggest thing was drinking it, gone fast and doing it again and again - 20 minutes into it I went to my throne had to in between drinking the solution after every other glass (at least I was able to discard some and have room for more that way I was more comfortable. Was so happy when 6:10 came and I finished - by 8:30pm I went to bed and had a great nights sleep. Woke around 4:30pm for another visit to my throne did go back to bed and test went well."
"I have had fibro and chronic fatigue for years.  I used to take Skelaxin occasionally.  When I developed degerative bone disease and increasing arthritis, I decided to take it regularly and see what happened.  Over a period of a few months, I have found that my pain has reduced significantly.  It is one of those drugs that seems to work better when taken regularly as opposed to for an acute attack.  The down side is that it is expensive, even in generic form."
"Too expensive. I use sparingly and often have to go without when I can&#039;t afford the high cost of the refill since my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it."
"After my son had the croup for three weeks and spent ten days on Augmentin and fighting with a two year old to administer it twice a day, he developed a severe sinus infection. The physician prescribed liquid Zithromax that had to be given once per day and only for five days and did not need to be refrigerated which was great since we were traveling and best of all it got rid of the croup and the sinus infection very fast - it&#039;s a winner."
"I&#039;ve been on these pills for 2 days and no relief from the coughing at all."
"My Dr. put me on this medication for high blood pressure....it made me very sick within two weeks after taking it. I felt like I was coming down with the flu. My muscles were weak my joints began hurting. I had a very low grade fever and wanted to go home and go to bed. Then my bladder began to hurt so bad. I had been on some other type of medication for high blood pressure and the same thing happened with it. I knew that I had experienced this before and immediately stopped the hydrochlorothiazide, and my body went back to normal within a week and a half. Another thing I noticed  was my urine was like water there was no color whatsoever in it, until I started taking vitamins and the color returned."
"I was put on Lyza at Planned Parenthood because of my history of migraines. Overall, I&#039;ve had a good experience on Lyza. I sometimes have spotting between periods, but now after about a year, I only get a period every 3 months or so. At first this kind of freaked me out, and I take a pregnancy test if it&#039;s been about 60 days since my last period. Sometimes I get very tender breasts as well. Those are really my only complaints about this medication. There are no other side effects I&#039;ve noticed, skin is fine, and mood is pretty evened out. My periods are generally less heavy than they were before, which I also appreciate."
"I have been using Aczone for about a month now.  I have had acne for years.  I am now 26 and have recently experienced a pretty bad flareup of my acne, so for the first time I went to the dermatologist.   After a couple of bad products, I finally got introduced to Aczone...and I love it.  Since starting on it, my skin has cleared up dramatically without peeling or sensitivity issues.  I use it once a day and have managed to still be using the tiny 3 g tube that I got as a sample, so a little goes a long way.  I have a coupon for it when I finally fill my prescription (which I WILL be doing, regardless of the cost).  Also, it&#039;s important for me to say that I am not on anything else--just Aczone."
"When major diet changes and exercise hardly changed cholesterol at all I was started on 1500mg Niaspan. I do experience flushing, several times a month. Wake up hot and feel like I am burning up and itchy all over. If it delays another heart attack like 14 years ago it is a small price to pay."
"Everything was okay until the end of the first pack. Then, I spotted for 2 months straight. I am now having my period, and it is just like how they were before the medicine, only with more cramps. I usually have awful cramps the first day, then they go away. I&#039;m 3 days in and the cramps haven&#039;t gotten better. I am remaining hopeful for the next 3 month set though."
"Was on Gianvi for 2 months. Stopped taking it because it gave me mood swings, and caused me to break out more (which was the reason I wanted to take it in the first place). My sex drive was really low the first month, but it got back to normal. I had terrible cramps before, and this actually helped alot. I had an awful time tryin to concentrate on things, and over all it just made me feel crazy... :("
"This medication was amazing at the beginning, but now it has caused severe moodiness and abnormal uterine bleeding. (I&#039;ve had 2 full periods in 3 weeks) and somedays I start spotting and get cramps even though I take my pills on time."
"Taking Topamax with Zoloft ... my first week was a tough but I feel so good. I have PTS, bipolar, depression, anxiety and in the 4 months I had three episodes and that&#039;s so good I was having episodes everyday. I feel good."
"2-day migraine, ended up in urgent care. Wanted Vicodin they ended up giving me a shot of this. Waited 10 minutes for signs of allergic reaction. Pain was reduced although not gone. Left urgent care. 30 minutes later full blown allergic reaction, swelling of face. 

My experience, this med is not nearly as good as vicodin. Allergic reaction for me marks this as never again."
"Using for one month working great on my big toenail ."
"I have had RLS since I was a child (now am 38).  Was on Clonazepam 1 mg as needed.  Switched sleep doctors and am now under the care of a neurologist who recommended Requip.  I started at 0.5mg and am now at 1.5mg.  I have to take it earlier and earlier because the RLS is so bad.  As I type this at 4:30 in the afternoon, I am ready to go get a saw and start cutting off at the knees!  I think I am going to go back on the Clonazepam.  This is miserable."
"I had 3 HPV near my V opening, went to see my gyne. Had it checked and she gv me a box of Aldara, Probas Omega 3 AEE, Protexin Protect Multi Prebiotic.
The doc explained treating HPV (skin tags, warts) must be done both ways, frm inside and outside due to low immune/anti body system inside us.
Aldara is for skin app, 3x a week (Mon, Wed, Fri). Apply while lying or sit down - allow it to absorb for a while before sleep at night. 1 sachet perweek.
As for the Omega 3 &amp; Protect, 2x a day. On top of that, double up my norm 1000mg VitC and MultiV. All these for 30 days.
Aft 2 weeks, it completely gone. Balance of Aldara, will keep if any for future."
"Trinessa is the best birth control I&#039;ve tried! I&#039;ve been faithful to it for 5 years now with no side effects whatsoever. I used to have bad acne and within a month or so of taking it my face is completely clear! A god send. It also doesn&#039;t affect my mood whatsoever or weight changes. I love it! I moved to the UK and Trinessa isn&#039;t provided here so I tried a different pill. It made me break out and made me very depressed so I stopped. I&#039;m having someone send me Trinessa from America because it is so good! I&#039;ve also tried other pills before and they all made me moody whereas Trinessa just makes me feel calm. Definitely recommended."
"I was so stressed! Like to the max! U probably are too if you&#039;re looking at reviews for this pill. Okay things to help you out. If u took the pill in the 72 hour range, URE GOOD! Also try not to make your partner nervous. This pill worked for my gf. 
My incident: I put my penis inside without protection but for less than 30 seconds and proceeded with a condomn afterwards. Scared that precum might get her pregnant, which is highly unlikely but who cares right, we went to the store and bought Plan B. She experienced burning and stomach aches which was normal for the least(You might have different side effects). If u are bleeding, do not worry its just the pill. If you experience any of the side effects, ITS WORKING! Itll work!DONT STRESS"
"They are really good - I need one about 3 times a year. Nothing else works. After having a headache for 3 consecutive days - I reach for the super tablet. 

Highly recommended!"
"After 8 hours of fast, irregular beating I went to the emergency room and was diagnosed with afib, which reverted on its own after a few hours. The doctor prescribed metoprolol ER 25mg. I tried to give this drug a chance, but it did absolutely nothing to stop subsequent episodes. If anything they seemed to get worse. It felt like my heart was stopping altogether. I&#039;m a fit 27 year old with low BP and resting heart rate. Because of this, I have to question the doctor&#039;s judgement in prescribing this medication. It brought my BP and heart rate down even further, severely affecting my quality of life. I was constantly lightheaded, foggy, woke up with headaches, etc. Bad decision on his part. Switched to flecainide and feel like myself again!"
"I&#039;ve seen an improvement in my premenstrual dysphoric disorder symptoms.  The side effects were mild - queasiness and a jittery feeling, which went away in about 2 weeks."
"Effexor helped me to relax, although it was a trade off. I had continuous headaches and heartburn. It started with nightly headaches. Then that turned into an everyday thing, I would have to take migraine medicine before bed. After I started doing that I would wake up from heartburn! I never have heartburn. This medicine is definitely a trade off."
"I had a horrible experience with Prozac. I was actually very excited when my doctor decided it would be the next anti-depressant medication I tried, because it gets so much good publicity. Hell, there&#039;s even a memoir called &quot;Prozac Nation.&quot; Upon beginning my daily regimen of prozac, I had increased anxiety (too the point that I was having uncontrollable heart palpitations, dizzy spells, trouble breathing -- I couldn&#039;t eat, and got down to 100lbs on accident) and my suicidal ideation increased to the point that I made a very serious suicide attempt. Thanks to quick intervention, speedy response from paramedics, and a life flight I am alive today. Be careful, and be aware of side effects."
"I was immediately put on the suggested  333mg x2 tabs-three times a day ..as soon as I started my community Detox; which included Librium. It is early days here BUT the change in me is enormous. I drank since 20...a &quot;binge drinker&quot; or so I thought!!. I was unable to Stop. I&#039;m Lucky to be alive . Once a car I was in went over a precipice but still I craved the alcohol.  The craving was pure hell. Now at 56-I feel finally freed out a prison of craving something that would have killed me . THANK YOU CAMPRAL. People In AA had given up on me and I&#039;d given up too...till Campral. "
"This is the best to knock a panic attack flat on its arse. I been taking 0.5mg daily for 6 months and I also take them when I fly. I could literally walk on the wing and not care. Don&#039;t take with alcohol though..I made the mistake of popping one of these  then drank 4 or 5 martinis. I made a fool of myself and swung from a coworkers chandelier at a party and pulled it out of the ceiling. Everyone was cheering me on so I felt like a bru. The more I drank the stupider I became. At the end of the night I climbed a street pole and tried to punch out the light telling people it was a UFO. They work well, but do not drink on them"
"I have used this birth control for years and have had absolutely no side effects, which is very unusual for me because every medication I&#039;ve ever taken in my life except Advil has caused an adverse reaction.  I have nothing but good things to say about it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq for almost a month now. I have OCD, anxiety and depression. I also take 0.5 mg of peach Xanax. The Pristiq works great for me, the Xanax helps with the sleeping side effects of Pristiq but after taking it for this long I can fall asleep pretty well with out it. I wake up with energy and as I take it more and more I feel better."
"So I have irregular periods and decided to get back on BC to regulate them... I&#039;m on day 11 of Aviane and it is the absolute WORST!!!!!!!!! I started spotting within a day of taking the pill... I figured since it been a while that was normal. Ugh. Then started a full blown period the next day and it hasn&#039;t gone away. I missed one dosage and that lightened it up, but now that I&#039;m taking it reguarly again it&#039;s a heavy cycle again. Also I&#039;ve vomitted once and have been consistently nauseous and have headaches all day. I try to drink water and eat but nothing is helping, but laying down and I can&#039;t do that all day. My mood is ridiculous. I cry about everything now. I cried because the sun was out and it was beautiful smh. I would say stay away!"
"Adipex is a very strong weight loss aid. An ex of mine took it with great results. Although if not taken as prescribed (late in the day), you will not sleep. It curbs your appetite sometimes she didn&#039;t even eat. As any medicine, it will affect each person differently."
"I live in Central Texas where we have allergens year round. I have suffered from allergies all my life and eventually everything just stopped working, and nasal sprays made things worse. Xyzal has been amazing for me- I take it at night and have zero side effects (that I&#039;m aware of!) 

It is TOTALLY worth trying if Claritin and Zyrtec don&#039;t work for you anymore."
"My son was so hyper that he couldn&#039;t even sit still to eat.  I would like to respond to the person who questioned her thin 6 year old being put on this medicine.  My son was actually able to put on some weight as he was able to focus and finish his meals.  Within a year he was at a normal weight for his height.  My son&#039;s doctor was able to explain that people with ADD or ADHD do not abuse this drug because it has the opposite affect on them than people without the disorder."
"I got the nexplanon October 22nd of 2015 and I spotted for a month and hadn&#039;t had a period since. I had bruising in the insertion area for 3 weeks. The first couple of months I had a killer migraine nearly every day they eventually stopped. As I hit my first year mark I began getting pregnancy symptoms so I took a few tests even went to the doctor and I wasn&#039;t thankfully but turns out all my side effects (nausea, sensitive smell, weight gain, mood swings, excessive sleeping, and even frequent urination) were due to the nexplanon. I finally got it removed January 16th of 2017."
"I&#039;ve been taken Bydureon for 4 weeks now and have lost 5kg The only side effects I have had is heartburn and nausea and headaches but has stopped. I do recommended this drug to anyone. It does suppress the appetite really well I take it with Metformin 
I get it through Prescription which cost $5.60 a month"
"I&#039;ve had psoriasis for 15 years.  I have purposely avoided biologics, steroids and UV treatments.  I used Elocon for my first spot ever when I was first diagnosed with psoriasis and it made my tiny non-healing patch of psoriasis go away in a day.  It never came back in that location.  So, here it is 15 years later and although I&#039;ve been covering up all year round and using coal tar to take the itch away. I&#039;ve finally figured out a treatment plan that works.  Use the Elocon to get rid of all the patches (it works great!)  Then, use the 25% coal tar (5% active coal tar). Wallah! No more dermatologists or steroids for years!"
"Had my first colonoscopy and was given suprep.  I found it very easy to use and worked very quickly once taken.  I followed all directions to the letter.  I was surprised when the doctor post procedure said the he had to take extra time to clean.  I felt disappointed because it&#039;s a lot of work to prep for this procedure and I was not happy with the end result."
"Overall, Aviane works pretty well. My periods are average and I have had no weight loss or gain. The one side effect I have had is terrible acne! My face was pretty much clear when I started (I&#039;d get minor breakouts around my period, but nothing bad). Within a couple of months of being on Aviane, my cheeks started breaking out really badly. I&#039;ve never even had acne on my cheeks. It&#039;s painful and there&#039;s scarring. I&#039;ve tried staying on it in hopes that my body would adjust and the breakouts would stop, but they&#039;ve only gotten worse. "
"I was given a double dose of Ativan IV in the hospital and 1mg dose pills for home!
Only took .25 on occasion and now I&#039;m having withdrawal symptoms!Can anyone answer my question about Ativan being addictive with only .25 mg occasionally?"
"Ok, I hit my one month mark as of today, I have lost 10 pounds, with very little effort. This medication is amazing. I am still not having any negative side effects, and my cravings and hunger are a thing of the past. This stuff is great! I am at 163.5lbs now, so I have about 30 more pounds to go, hopefully I can keep the 10 pounds a month fade going, then I can get off the medicine and continue eating healthy small meals. I hope everyone is having the same success! Best of luck."
"Have been on Bydureon for 3 months. It is also the first medicine I&#039;ve been given for type 2 diabetes.  I was gaining weight, my blood sugar was out of site, and my A1C was sky high.  Since I started using Bydureon, my A1C went from 10 to 7 in 2 weeks.  In 3 months it has gone to 5.6.  I am never hungry. I was a sweet eater but now I can hardly stand sweets.  I have lost 15 pounds in 2 1/2 months."
"Works wonders! Stick with it though. 

The first time I went on it, my face was pretty clear since I had just come off birth control so I had no &quot;purging&quot; experience. It kept my face completely clear and even cleared up some fine lines! Unfortunately, my insurance stopped covering it for a bit. My skin was ok for the first few weeks off it and then I suddenly had massive cysts. My insurance changed again and they now cover it!

Second round: definitely some purging, definitely a lot of flaking, but skin is getting back to where it was. Stick with it. The stuff really works but you have to give it time!"
"Best medication ever."
"Ive had anxiety, panic, and depression for  8 months. Its been Hell. SSRI&#039;s are scary to me, and I had a bad experience with one. I searched non SSRI and found Quetiapine, which is the generic Seroquel. I take 25mg during the day, sometimes twice a day, and 1x25mg at night before bed. Helps calm down the anxiety so I can sleep at night, and function at work during the day. No bad side effects. Small doses almost act like a heavy antihistamine. Makes me a little drowsy, but its worth it to be able to function. 

If your suffering from anxiety, dont be scared to take this medication! Do yourself a favor and just be brave and do it. You will feel better. Nobody wants to take pills, but sometimes enough is enough and we need help."
"It didn&#039;t help depression or low grade chronic pain AT ALL. I had better depression relief from Celexa and Wellbutrin.

But the biggest reason I caution against cymbalta is because of the extreme withdrawal symtoms I experienced. I followed the doctor-recommended protocol to wean off. Weaning seems to mean prolonging misery. The nausea and dizziness I have endured for the last 5+ weeks with no end in sight is debilitating.

I urge you to please research your options thoroughly before even trying cymbalta."
"I think this medicine is amazing. I have always struggled with acne and have tried everything to get rid of it. I refused to take Accutane due to it&#039;s side effects and drying of the skin.  Also I knew my acne was a hormonal issue so I didn&#039;t want something that was just going to dry out my skin and come right back, plus very dry skin will make you age quicker. With my acne I would get acne scars that would last for two to three years. My acne is cured 100%, I&#039;m now using 20% vitamin C serum, SPF 70, Hydroquinone 4%, Antioxidant serum, and hyloranic acid serum, and a emollient moisturizer to help the hyperpigmentation from my acne scars. I can use all of this on my face without breaking out now. Whoo HOO!"
"I was switch from Ocella to Loryna when my doctor prescribed me Yaz. Both are generic forms of the drug. 3 weeks into my pack I became severely depressed and tired. I slept for almost 3 days straight and could barely get out of bed. My skin started to break out all over, including my neck, back, cheeks, jawline, and forehead - and I hardly ever break out."
"I have used Soma off and on for many years and never have I been addicted to it or had any withdrawal symptoms!  Even after using it for a year or more!  When I felt I no longer needed it I stopped the medication with no ill effects! It does work well for muscle spasms and aches.  "
"Three weeks in I&#039;ve lost 14lbs.  My out of control appetite is in check, cravings for sweets have decreased.  I highly recommend Belviq and so happy I found it.  Only side effect so far is coughing.  I can live with that."
"Either I&#039;m really a psycho or it just so happens I&#039;m all the sudden super emotional since I started taking this about  8 weeks ago.  Is anyone else experiencing this? I&#039;ve also been breaking out really bad."
"Mirena is an awesome option for birth control. I don&#039;t even have to think about taking a pill or remembering to replace a patch. It was easy to get inserted and it is barely noticeable that it is even there. Mirena has not caused me to have any problems at all. It also has not caused any weight gain like the pill does."
"I do not deal with fits of rage anymore nor do I go to extreme lows of sadness and the world is ending. Side effects I had were initially insomnia grogginess after taking the medication and a little bit more hungry. I eat a well-balanced diet with lots of vegetables some fruit high protein and I notice having a snack before taking it helps for hunger pains. I make sure to get regular low impact exercise such as walking. I am now able to be a better mother keep my jobs and feel much much much better mentally. Give it a try at least a month. It has been 3 weeks and I do not have insomnia at night anymore and have dropped 14 pounds. Stay positive don&#039;t let side effects get you down!"
"I have taken Topamax for the last 8 months as a mood stabilizer. It has worked great, not only has it helped with my moods, but it also helped me lose more than 30 lbs without struggling to lose it. It was easy and great. I am happy again and I don&#039;t feel like I want to chew off everyone&#039;s head when I start to get irritable or around &quot;that time of month&quot;. It&#039;s been a life saver."
"Year 1 no effect on my weight, years 2 &amp; 3 I experienced steady weight gain (15kg / 33 pounds). Other main side effects were: somnolence, swearing, electric-shock sensations in my brain and my body, twitching. 

However, SSRIs had never worked well for me, and venlafaxine was a fantastic alternative. I became very complacent in general on this drug.  

The withdrawal symptoms I had were horrendous - it was like coming off narcotics. . Vomiting, shaking, muscle spasms, everything hurt. At one point drifting in and out of consciousness. But if I hadn&#039;t taken venlafaxine I probably wouldn&#039;t be here today. I would take it again if I had to. 

Dose 150mg. Female, I was 27 when I went on Effexor XR and 30 when I stopped. I turn 31 next week."
"I was diagnosed with prostate cancer in November of 2016 my PSA was 14.8 and my Gleason Score was 6.  The good news is that the cancer did not spread outside to prostate and was in 9 out of 12 from the biopsy.   I took Casodex for one month and had one Lupron injection then stared 44 treatments of radiation around treatment 20 my PSA went down to .09.   After I complete radiation I have one more Lupron Injection to take then that is it no more Cancer I hope.  The side effects are some hot flashes, weight gain, shrinking testicles and frequent urination.  After my next and last Lupron injection I hope to be done with Cancer"
"I have taken Votrient since 9/2010, starting at 800 mg per day, but reducing dosage to 400 mg then 200 mg due to high liver enzyme counts.  I started taking Votrient after my kidney was removed due to RCC, in addition I had three tumors in my legs, which is how I found out I had RCC.  After taking Votrient and the kidney removal two of the tumors disappeared, one year later and after taking the drug for one year I had the third tumor removed by surgery which was reduced in size by 50%.  Today my latest scans are showing no new cancer sites.  Side effects have been minimal, diarrhea, and change in taste with higher dosages, plus sexy looking white hair!  This medicine has allowed me to continue traveling, and enjoy life without any limits."
"Don&#039;t buy this product! It makes your vagina burn and itch so bad! It feels like 1000 ants are inside of you! Just terrible."
"I&#039;m a 20yr old woman who has never had kids and I&#039;m here to tell you how to get an IUD so you don&#039;t have a terrible experience like some of the people who rate this drug badly
Don&#039;t listen to the bad reviews!
They will just freak you out, plus complications are extremely rare, especially if you ask the doc (not a nurse) about his/her personal stats. Side effects like moodiness, weight gain and acne are impossible! Less than 1% of the drug gets in your blood stream so it can&#039;t have the same side effects as most birth controls
The cervix softener and ibprofin really help with pain while lorazipam helps relax your muscles. Make sure you take them! 
It will hurt like a strong cramp, but it is brief and worth the 99.7  protection plus no periods"
"The moment I hit 30, my metabolism slowed. Despite working out and eating healthy, I felt bloated after I ate and I was irregular. I really felt like my body was overloaded and not processing things at a normal speed but I felt lethargic and hungry so I was starting to get depressed over the whole thing. I tried diuretics/lax and increasing fiber to no avail and the cramping sucked. 

This is making a real difference. I feel leaner and lighter and my joints aren&#039;t so overtaxed carrying the extra weight. My energy is way better. It&#039;s messy at times and not easy but if you have two weeks of down time where you can be by the bathroom, give this a go."
"I began taking Lo Loestrin Fe in March, 2016 as a remedy for very heavy, frequently spaced periods. During the first two months I had 4-5 breakthrough bleed days. The bleeding was more than spotting and more like a regular period.  By the third month, I had no period and only a very small amount of breakthrough bleeding. I have no other side effects to report, and at this point am happy with the very light to non-existent periods and almost no breakthrough bleeding."
"I was having quite a bit of stress that was job related. I was put on 10mg a day and this dose works great for me. I experienced yawning, more frequent urination and dry mouth in the beginning. I cannot say enough about this medicine. It has helped me immensely with very few side effects. I have had some difficulty reaching orgasm but do not have any issues with libido. I feel anyone dealing with depression/anxiety should give this medicine a shot. I myself read the reviews and was so optimistic that it would do wonders for me like it did for many others after I had done my homework. I consider this to be a miracle."
"Have been taking for over 10 years mixed in with a period of about 2 years when my doctor took me off because of depression symptoms subsiding. The majority of the time I have been on 10mg, last 2 years have had dose raised to 20mg. The drug has worked great for me. Terrific improvement from when I started and 99% reduction in panic attacks. Reduction in OCD symptoms as well. Well tolerated for me at least, but I realize with these medications everyone is different. It&rsquo;s not perfect but the relief I got was real and changed my life. For that I am thankful."
"I have degenerative joint due to arthritis and was given samples by physician worked fine.  The joint is in my foot so walking was improved"
"Thanks to Sanofi for giving me such a great product. Its doing miracles. NO MORE NEEDLES - this is much much better than traditional insulin. I have been using it for more than 6 months and I absolutely love it. I would highly recommend my diabetic friends to talk to your doctor about this. the only down side if you should have good lungs- no cancer etc . I am super excited . Wish you all luck."
"It took away the pain but it made me very jittery. It should not be taken unless in severe pain and follow doctors orders exactly."
"I took toprolol as a kid for a type of heart Failure. My doctor said it was same as what athletes get at age 29 I had been switched to Metoprolol 50mg once daily. After a few years a new doctor took me off of it and I began jumping awake gasping for air. I was diagnosed with severe sleep apnea and put on a CPAP. It never helped I Kept having it, turned up until the pressure was wide open. but still I jumped awake at nights. My doctor was beside himself with what to do and finally I was placed back on the Metoprolol 50Mg and in two weeks my sleep Apnea disappeared."
"Undetectable after one month. Finishing 2nd bottle    Had all the common side effects"
"Can I just say that this is the worst mistake that I have ever made? I got the skyla put in on Monday (4 days ago). Since then, I&#039;ve been constantly throwing up, completely lost my appetite, and the cramps are so unbearable that I&#039;ve called out of work twice. Along with the cramps comes the lower back pain so it makes it nearly impossible to ever get comfortable. I&#039;d never recommend this to anyone and I&#039;m already considering getting this stupid thing taken out."
"I have a small, internal hemorrhoid that caused my whole rectum to become inflamed, itchy and sensitive. I tried all the over the counter meds: Prep H, hydrocortisone, anti-biotic, anti-histamines. Finally went to the doctor and got Proctofoam. This is great. It&#039;s been 3 days and swelling is gone, itching is gone and I can have a bowel motion and wipe without pain or itchiness. I would recommend this for anyone with anal itching. It is a God Send. I use once at night and in the morning. It is a bit odd to use as you have to fill a small syringe (supplied) to apply internally through the rectum, but the effect is IMMEDIATE and SOOTHING. 

No, I don&#039;t work for the drug company, I am just very happy this product is available."
"28 yr old- healthy/active nurse.   Always had minor acne since college but nothing like what I had a year ago last summer (2011). I blame it on YAZ for messing up my hormones. Painful cystic acne covered my jawline and forehead.  I&#039;m talking like 20  cysts at a time.  Tried every OTC washes, organic,  no caffeine, sugar, dairy,  you name it.  Nothing worked.  Even though I did not want to go on the pill, I had too.  ORTHO TRI CYCLEN (no the generic) for almost 7 months and finally it&#039;s almost clear.  It was BAD first few months but I stuck with it.  Give it time. PS: Generic is NOT the same as the real thing.  Different fillers causes different reactions!"
"I started the medication on 5/28/09 and its now June 9th.  I have lost 6 lbs in eleven days. I am happy with the medication and it definitely helps with the appetite. However, you do have to exercise and watch what you eat. I don&#039;t have those sweet cravings now. I have had little to know side effects. I really haven&#039;t noticed having extra energy but do have dry mouth.  I chew sugarless gum and drink plenty of water."
"I am currently prescribed 300mg per day for use as a mood stabilizer. Dr never told me I was bipolar (found out when I googled this medicine). I previously took Latuda. They work the same for me. I took 600mg last night by accident and it has me ultra mellow."
"I started using doxy on February 8th, 2016. So far, it has worked and I have seen small improvements, such as less acne in certain areas. It has not fully hit my face yet, as I still have acne, but I do have high hoped for the coming weeks."
"This medication is awesome for suppressing my appetite and helping me lose weight.

I have lost a total of 23 lbs in 2 months taking 1 pill every other day.

I just cannot deal with the headaches, which is why I will have to stop taking them."
"I&#039;ve been on the Depo-Provera shot for over 8 months now, I received my first shortly after I had my son, I was breastfeeding so this was my only option. The only pros for me are its convenient, I&#039;m a nurse and I just pick it up from pharmacy and inject myself or a friend from work does it for me then I&#039;m good for three months, no remembering to take a pill. Cons have been constant bleeding on and off, longest being over 3 weeks straight. I have gained back all the weight that I did lose from having my baby and am now stuck at the same weight I was at 9 months pregnant, it&#039;s awful and embarrassing, I am constantly hungry like constantly and I crave sweets and chocolate more than anything. I also am sweating like crazy all the time."
"I am about halfway through my first pill pack and I am having pretty good success so far. This is my first time taking birth control but so far there have been no side effects and no real changes. Reading the reviews here had me worried but so far for me everything seems to be fine. I guess I&#039;ll have to report back in a few months."
"This medication did clear up my strep throat within the first couple days being on it. However the side effects were horrible. I had watery diarrhea for like 3 days, I always felt nausea after taking it even with food, and I had strong stomach pains. Also by the 4th day on it I had a yeast infection."
"I was on the pill (Yaz) for 3 years and it wasn&#039;t too bad but I am terrible at remembering to take it so I decided to switch to something more permanent for a while and I&#039;m glad I went with Implanon. My period faded away within 2 months and I haven&#039;t got it since. Also, no mood swings or morning sickness like I used to get with the pill. My first month with it I lost 13 pounds. My metabolism has sped up and it&#039;s harder to gain weight so that was nice too."
"I hate nexplanon so much. After the first month of getting it everything was fine, but I started my period. It was a semi normal cycle for me and it ended after nine days. Three days after it ended I started spotting brown stuff. After a month of that I went back to the doctor to see if they could do anything and they gave me the pill to cancel out the spotting. After two weeks of taking the pill I didn&rsquo;t stop bleeding so the doctor said take two pills and it finally stopped spotting. She said two days after you stop spotting stop taking the pills so I did. Then I got the heaviest period for 7 Days bleeding through 4 super plus tampons through out the day. I repeated the pill process and stopped and my period came back heavier."
"I started taking Belviq 1 week ago. I am on the 14 day trial. I have only lost a pound or two, but have not really changed any eating habits. The past two days my appetite has subsided a ton! I&#039;m expecting a lot of weight loss this week. I had random headaches and dry mouth the first 4 days but those sides have subsided."
"Wow. It worked great. So easy to use and my kids hair looked and smelled awesome afterward. For me it was worth the copay on my insurance. Other moms I talked to had such a hard time with Nits. I&#039;m so glad I called the doc!"
"First couple of days it was working well then I started noticing mood swing, insomnia, anxiety, anger, agitation on top of that lack of energy and a sore throat. It&#039;s ok but not worth all these side effects."
"Oh it&#039;s effective alright. I no longer feel manic. Instead, I feel like a brick wall. Like I am lost in a warp somewhere and I can&#039;t feel anything emotionally"
"I&#039;ve been on lexapro for about 8 months now. It&#039;s been so good for me! I am 24 and female. I am no longer depressed. Before I first started, I was waking up every morning with suicidal thoughts. Now all of those thoughts are gone! I am so much more social! I can talk to anyone without anxiety, and I actually want to talk to people! I have more energy and have the urge to excercize and cook myself meals. These are things I wanted to do before but depression kept me in my bed feeling hopeless. There&#039;s hope! Depression is real. Don&#039;t feel weak for taking antidepressants. It can be the first step to getting out of bed and living your life how you want to live it!"
"Had a cat bite me on my hand...full set of teeth and sharp. Hand swelled and was red. Took augmentin 8 hours after being bitten and within 3 days swelling went down and redness had faded. 6 years as an animal control officer and never injured once...help my friend pick out a cat at the local humane society and get bitten...oh the irony! This is an excellent medicine for cat bites. Had a friend tell me her dad got bitten by a cat and he ended up in the hospital and almost died from an infection. Lucky me from my experience I knew to seek medical attention immediately. Anyone bitten by a cat should know they have about an 85% chance of infection and need to take it very seriously or you&#039;ll end up in hospital."
"took 20 mg for 10 days never helped at all. Couldn&#039;t tell I had taken anything."
"26 years old with previously regular periods, lasting 5 days. Cramped, but normal. I dealt with cystic acne during my cycle.  I had sklya
inserted  April 2015, so 6 month now. It was extremely painful. The cramps/pain/bleeding did not stop. It would come on suddenly/severely that it totally had me hit the floor in agony. MRI showed a cyst burst; I never had cysts prior to this. I continued to have horrible cramping/spotting throughout the months and especially during my period. Cystic acne increased to a level I have never experienced before. 6 months later, still horrible acne, period last @2 wks,with bad cramping, 2 weeks in between, and then the period begins again.
It is coming out! I waiting the 6 months, but this is not acceptable."
"I have been through so many different treatments for my depression and social anxiety. When I started klonopin I was rx&#039;ed 0.5mg daily but it did not help very well so doctor went up to 1 mg daily. All of my other treatments left me feeling suicidal or extremely angry. This one lets me get through my day without panicking when I am forced into conversation. However, I have been informed that this will likely have to be upped or changed in a few years as people tend to become tolerant of the drug."
"This medication has helped me immensely!  I tried Lexapro, but had too many negative side effects.  Effexor took about 6 weeks to fully work, but it really brought me out of the depths of my anxirty fuelled depression.  I finally feel myself after many years of living in the fog.  The side effects for the first 2 weeks for me were: insomnia, increased anxiety/depression, hot flashes, and nausea.  These all disappeared after the initial 2 weeks and it&#039;s totally worth getting through that rough patch.  Once Effexor started working I thought, OMG! I&#039;m back!  My body is dependent on it, though.  If I miss a dose, I get dizzy and nauseous.  Just know you must wean yourself off and not go cold turkey so you don&#039;t feel sick."
"Was started taking atenolol 25. It worked well for 7 days. Then i faced side effects. I have swollen right ankle, i came to know after 12 days its side effect of atenolol. Worse drug ive ever experienced. 

Im back to amlodipine &amp; its working well now."
"Stopped a lip breakout within an hour. I had gastric stasis from a migraine and I did not get nauseated from this medication."
"I started on Saxenda on Aug 28th (6 weeks ago) and I have already lost 30lbs. Started at 286lbs and I am now at 255lbs Just like many people I started at the lowest dose, slowly increasing it. Side effects have been mild. Nausea being the most common but only the first day after increasing the dose. Along with taking Saxenda I started a meal plan  too. I totally recommend it. Now that I feel lighter I am more motivated to exercise. Bought myself an exercise bike and use it 5 times a week for 20 minutes. I have a long way to go but super motivated to continue. Will try to keep updating."
"I am a nurse and I think Victoza is a great new medication . We have used it on all ages for type II diabetes. With great success, most patients love it! Of course there are a few that don&#039;t maintain the proper diet who have tried it and had no change. The main side effect was nausea, but worth a try. Good Luck !"
"I just got this inserted two hours ago and I&#039;m hating life. As soon as I left my drs office I felt faint and like throwing up. Kept getting hot flashes. Called my Dr before leaving and went right back to her office. Still sitting here with awful cramps and the urge to pass out. Hopefully this ends soon! Took Advil before. No kids. It was painful getting it inserted. If you have awful cramps during your period I do not suggest getting this inserted and leaving right away after."
"The only good side was that it helped me sleep good. But couldn&#039;t even get up in the morning I was so drowsy still and felt hung over bad
Also I was very lethargic.
Like numb and I felt numb. Like crap
Almost like seriously depressed without depression state of mind
Horrible."
"I do not know if it works. All I can say is my woman parts are currently on fire!"
"I break the 25 MG tbs into THIRDS and take it about an hour before bed. I try to have at least 7 hours for sleeping.  More is better. Only feel groggy when my sleep time is less than 7 hours. Love it! I also use the generic versions."
"I&#039;ve been taking Latuda for 4 days now. I woke up today singing, motivated and happy. I just hope it lasts but so far this medication has changed me dramatically."
"I&#039;ve been on the nexplanon since May 2014.  At first it was great, I got a period like every 3 months, no symptoms hardly at all. This past year though has been hell. I&#039;ve been having non stop bleeding. I will bleed for 2 weeks straight then it will stop and come back again the following week. Headaches every day, frequent yeast infections, no sex drive at all. Not to mention I&#039;ve gained like 20lbs. I still have a year left but as soon as I can I&#039;m going to make an appt. To get it out. I can&#039;t take it any longer. Only good thing I have to say about it is that It&#039;s really good on preventing pregnancy and no worries for 3 years. Other than that I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"This gets a 1 is because I&#039;m not pregnant. What an evil, dangerous, terror stick!

I had it inserted Oct 2015 and have bled every day since (apart from 4 glorious days), never had acne before but I sure do now. I haven&#039;t gained weight, but that&#039;s because I haven&#039;t had an apatite at all and have had to force myself to eat most days. 

New symptoms cropped up as the months went on: nausea, fatigue, incapacitating back pain, breast pain, stomach cramps, headaches, dizziness, brain fog, irritability and general over-sensitivity.

But the worst part is how I seem to have become a depressed, raging lunatic. My thoughts and mood are just scary. 

Removing this evil thing tomorrow, just in time as I thought the culprit was my job and nearly quit."
"I have been on Lyrica for about three weeks and I feel that my experience may help. I have chronic nerve damage in my arm and sympathetic nerve damage. If you are about to begin the Lyrica ride expect the following. You will be living in a cloud. I noticed a few reviews explained it as that, and I feel they hit the nail on the head. You literally feel drunk. "
"Vimpat has been a great medicine compared to all of the other seizure medicines.  Vimpat has minimal side effects, and this is a HUGE benefit to me."
"it&#039;s a lot more mild than Ritalin and more effective than Focalin. The only problem i have with it would be weight loss (i&#039;m 5&#039;2&quot; and only 100 lbs) and sometimes i can&#039;t react as quickly as i would without the medication. weird, but an awesome drug for any adhd or add college student. It instantly gets rid of fidgeting and you&#039;ll be able to listen and focus to the most boring lecture imaginable (and learn from it!)."
"I started taking this medication about four months ago combined with minocycline for my hormonal cystic acne. The first month I saw no improvement in my skin and abnormally lost 5 pounds. Now three months later my skin is finally completely clear but I&#039;m facing a new problem: the medicine has caused me to gain 10 pounds in my thighs, butt, tummy, and breasts and has given me a yeast infection that has been on and off (mainly on) for the last four months."
"I had been on Coumadin for over 10 years and thought Pradaxa would be a God send. However, within a few months of taking it I began to have bad stomach pain and digestive issues. My internist diagnosed me with a peptic ulcer and urged me to consult with my cardiologist about stopping the Pradaxa and going back on Coumadin, which I did. In the 3 months since I have discontinued Pradaxa I am still getting over the stomach/digestive issues (which I have never had before in my life) and am getting my blood PT/INRs back to normal as well."
"Great medication! Zero side effects so far, and it (along with Truvada) took me from a viral load of 65,000 to undetectable in just a month. This is a miracle drug for me."
"It works great while it is applied, but I feel it is too powerful of a treatment option for this condition due to the withdrawal my face has had while coming off it. Also, my rosacea comes up in different areas of my face that I have never had redness in the past. Lastly, I sometimes get a very subtle rash on my forehead while using it.

I spoke with my dermatologist and they suggested I stopped using it due to adverse reactions."
"I was on it for about 5 &quot;cycles&quot; which is about 15 months. After the first month I did not get my period anymore OR spotting. I have been off of it for almost a year and still haven&#039;t gotten my period. For me it was quick easy convenient, I had no side effects what so ever...except the WEIGHT GAIN. I started right after I had my daughter and I was about 215. I am now pushing 270 (don&#039;t judge). I fully understand the shot itself cannot make you gain weight, it just gives you more of an appetite but my god, that&#039;s a lot of weight in a year and a half. I am also convinced it messed with my metabolism but there&#039;s no medical evidence I can find to support that. It&#039;s also scary how strong of a dose of hormones it is."
"I was at Phase 3 of hypothyroidism and 150mg a day has halted all side effects of the disease eg., loss of hair, nails thinning, lethargy, etc."
"I&#039;ve been on it for almost a week, side effects are not fun. I am so tired, irritable, dry mouth and walk around like a zombie. Dr appointment Friday. Not sure if I should continue. Good news is I can fully empty bladder now, still have urgency, and some pain when try to hold and get to bathroom. 
Not sure if side effects will go away...."
"This was for my Guttate Psoriasis;
PROS: Easy to take and digest. No adverse side effects other than occasion so headache. 

CONS: Didn&#039;t really work. Improved flaming and dryness but red patches are still there and still itchy/burning skin. 

If you have mild psoriasis it may work but for anybody with moderate to severe I would be very doubtful. Let down as I was hoping it would be a wonder drug and it&#039;s definitely not. Some creams work better."
"I was a poster child for all the bad side effects of this medication.  I am now on clonazepam odt 0.25mg twice daily and feel like a human being again!"
"Wow! It makes all the redness and little broken capillaries literally disappear! I only have mild ros&aacute;cea with some flushing. I&#039;ve been using it for a couple of months. I&#039;m so impressed!!!! My skin looks better than it has in years, and I can go light on my foundation or skip it!  I do feel a tingly sensation at times on my face, but it&#039;s worth the trade off for me. I&#039;m very happy with Rhofade!"
"Cataflam is a miracle for my period pain. I have suffered for years and wouldn&#039;t be even able to walk a few steps with the horrible pain. I&#039;ve tried everything from Meftalspas to spasmoproxivonne, Brufen, Panadol, etc.. nothing works. With Cataflam in just half an hour my pain is completely gone. I take it every 8 hours in my first two days."
"This drug was extremely effective at treating my psoriasis.  I have fairly severe Guttate psoriasis in which I develop small spots over large areas of my body (as opposed to one large, localized spot).  After applying Taclonex for only three days or so, the spots began to clear up almost completely.  There are no side effects that I notice with this medication.  The only negative involved is that the salve is greasy and difficult to apply.  I would literally spend twenty minutes applying it to all the small spots on my body twice a day.  That, combined with the fact that my whole body would be covered in a thin greasy film, led me to eventually seek out other treatment.  If these don&#039;t apply to you, this medicine is hard to beat."
"Once you are on this medication, DO NOT STOP. I tried a whole bunch of over-the-counter and prescription medicines for my facial acne but nothing seemed to work till I tried a combination of Tretinoin (.025%) and Clindamycin, both topical medications. A pea size amount of Tretinoin at night before bed and the Clindamycin lotion in the morning. For the first two weeks the medication seemed to work and my acne started receding. But then the acne came back, not as acute as before, but enough for me to notice that maybe the bacteria was winning the battle. Nevertheless, I stuck to it like my dermatologist recommended and within a few months my acne had spoofed away! I strongly recommend it. If the acne worsens, Be patient. Male-25"
"I finally found an alternative to Ambien in Silenor. My doctor prescribed me some and so far have been very very happy with the results. Full 7 hours of sleep without waking and the best part.. No daytime drowsiness and no addiction! Finally. It&#039;s about time. Silenor where have you been all these years?"
"I&#039;ve been on nuvaring for almost 3 years and it has been the most convenient, with the least side effects. I&#039;ve have lighter periods especially in the last yr or so. I know others say it helps with cramps as well, but my pain hasn&#039;t decreased as far as I can remember. 

My husband says he feels it when we have sex, and when we get really energetic it tends to bruise him. I do find that the week before my period I get nauseous on and off during the day but that&#039;s may have nothing to do with the nuvaring at all.

Outside of that it&#039;s been a real awesome experience for me. No serious side effects."
"My husband started Harvoni on June 14, 2016. July 08, 2016 he died of an Aortic dissection and cardiac arrest. He saw his doctor regularly and had no signs of heart problems or high blood pressure. The doctor said that sometimes the Harvoni can increase your blood pressure. So please everyone, discuss this with your doctor."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication since Mar 2015. Started out on 75mg a day and found the side affects were horrible. Tiredness, dizziness.It just became to much and couldn&#039;t function. Doctor drop it to 50mg a day and my heart beat drops below 50bpm which is scary and blood pressure drops."
"I&#039;ve had mine for a little over a year. Trying to schedule its removal. Never have had issues with depression, anxiety. And this past year I ended up in a mental hospital from severe depression, back in September. I&#039;m on medication now, and it sucks. 
Great on having no period. But I stopped having a sex drive, on top of the horrible depression. Needless to say, I did my research but never thought I would be one of the few to suffer with the depression side effect so strongly. 

Wish I could rate it better but for anyone considering this as your form of birth control be aware of the side effects and the signs of them, before they become to severe."
"I have suffered from SEVERE PMS for years. I am a very positive upbeat person. I hate the fact that my PMS caused me such stress. I couldn&#039;t think clearly, would fly off the handle and nothing. My husband and children felt the effects of it each month. I just wanted to run far far away and jump out of my skin. I couldn&#039;t handle it anymore. After explaining this to my PCP, she thought Zoloft would help me. Advised me to take 25 mg for 7 days, then increase to 50mg. I&#039;m not kidding you, after 2 days I saw a huge change. I finally had energy! It has been 2 months now and I never increased to 50mg. The 25mg did the trick! I no longer have PMS. I think clearer than I have in years. My mind doesn&#039;t race. I&#039;m calm and I have my life back. Thank God!"
"Caused me to have very bad headaches. Light sensitivity. Dizziness."
"Of any generic, Endocet seems to work the best. I always request it when filling my prescription."
"Was on Gianvi for around 4 years, Age 20-24.  Worked great in the beginning when life was normal, but kept forgetting once life got busy. Decided to get an Mirena, but did not do the research because I know people leave crazy reviews and did not want to psych myself out. Went with Mirena over Paraguard because of heavy bleeding. Now I know better. Had an active sex life, but it had to stop because of the nonstop brown discharge, then the endless period. Been on it for 17 days. I really don&#039;t like it so far. "
"I wanted to comment on insertion. My IUD experience was awesome!! It took them 1 minute to measure and insert it. It did NOT hurt! It felt like a weird pressure in a strange place, but it was no big deal. I also relaxed a lot! I can imagine the only reason why it hurts for some people is because they don&#039;t relax!! My body did briefly faint because it was confused by something going in the cervix, but it was fine after that. I went about my day like nothing happened. I have not had children. They prescribed misoprostol and valium beforehand. I also took almost 500 mg of naproxen. Maybe that helped, but I&#039;m always relaxed about gynocologist stuff."
"This works great for me. I&#039;ve been on it for 3 years. Now I have 1400 T cells and my viral load is undetectable."
"My psychiatrist raised my dose to 3mg after 1.5 dose dose was ineffective. After 4 days, I have woke up delusional that goes away in 5 minutes. I don&#039;t know if it was the medicine or the mixture of it and the other medicines I take."
"Imuran greatly improved my systemic lupus erthematous (SLE) symptoms. I have neurological involvement and before this medicine my right foot was paralyzed. I can now walk thanks to this. I had blood work and all my values are normal now which was not the case before. I do not have any side effects either. It has been a lifesaver for me."
"I have had severe Plaque Psoriasis for 32 years. I am a 50 year old male. I have tried everything you can imagine over all those years. Even a 6 week program at The University of Michigan did not help the 85% coverage I have had since I was 18. Nothing worked until July of 2016 I had my firat Stelara injection. Within 3 months I was almost clear and almost a year later I am clear except for a couple spots under my fingernails.  It is a miracle to me. If you have lived with it you know what I mean."
"Awful experience on depo. Only had one shot - never again. Bleeding non stop for 3+weeks. Serious mood changes and anxiety. Total loss of libido! Been to the docs twice but nothing can counteract it so stuck with it making me feel lousy till it wears off. Do not recommend this contraceptive to other women. I would rather have be sterilised than feel the way I do !"
"I have been using Differin gel for about a week now and I can honestly say that this is THE BEST product that I have ever used for my face. I am 31 and I have had issues with breakouts since puberty. Within 3 days I noticed that my face was clearing up. Since this product is working so well for me I will have my 12 year old use it as well... I LOVE THIS STUFF"
"I got my IUD put in in March of 2015 after over a year of being on the depo shots. The initial insertion was pretty painful, but I was able to drive home and take some aspirin and lay around while the pain subsided after a few hours. I have PCOS (poly cystic ovarian syndrome) and I wanted to try something that I could feel more like myself and have the least amount of side effects on. This has really been working out really great. I no longer have random pain that I used to get and the only negative that I have noticed is a lack of sex drive since getting it inserted, but I am going to the doctor soon to see if it is a side effect or if my hormones are off."
"I&#039;m 31 with two kids and I always had regular periods.  I was on the pill for many years and decided to try the Depo shot.  I had some spotting but my period completely stopped after the 2nd shot.  It was very nice not having a period and taking a pill every day.  I didn&#039;t start gaining weight until the 2nd shot, and I felt hungry all the time!  I&#039;ve always been a small person and maintained my weight without diet even having 2 kids.  I had 3 Depo shots total and went back on the pill because my weight kept going up.  I gained 10 lbs and haven&#039;t been able to get rid of it since."
"This medication is an excellent sleep aider, I&#039;d compare them to temazepam for sleep, less dodgy and it does really help you sleep, I&#039;m on 150mg a night and it does knock me out, I love this medication and I&#039;d recommend this over benzo&#039;s ad zopiclone any day."
"After years of not sleeping because my mind never stopped. I tried over the counter sleep aids and they always made me wake up feeling like I still needed sleep even taking half doses. Ambien gave me nightmares.  My doctor gave this to me and I now sleep well through the night and I wake up rested.  My body aches are going away as well."
"I have been taking Mobic for approx 4 years now but (only on ocassions) to relieve arthritic symptoms from once a week to three times a week when chronic over this time span. Recently I have had a severe bout of Sciatica through both of my legs that started last December 2016 and I mean severe, I tried all sorts of pain relief e.g. panadeine 15 x 2 to help with little relief. Recently I had to administer a mobic to help with my arthritis and found it helped about 80% with my sciatica. I couldn&#039;t believe that this was the case so I asked my G.P. who said this may be the case as it acts as an anti inflammatory. I hope my findings helps others that why I wrote this blog. Take care. Chrismin. T."
"Had sex June 26th. Condom broke on us so I took plan b 15 minutes after our accident. I was supposed to get my period on July 6th, but ended up getting it one day earlier. I was stressing out the whole time since this was my first time using the product. The side affects I had were some cramps, tiredness, nausea, dizziness, and diarreah which lasted about a week. I was begging to think those were symptoms of pregnancy so I read many reviews to help calm me down. Thankfully it worked for me."
"I took BuSpar for a few days for Generalized Anxiety Disorder, but it cause a &quot;tic&quot; in my eye. My eyelid would flicker uncontrollably every once in a while. Apparently this is pretty serious, and can actually be permanent even after ending the medication, which was very scary. Luckily for me, the tic went away when I stopped taking it."
"I&#039;ve been using Ortho Evra for almost 2 years, so far so good! I didn&#039;t get any of the initial side effects. The only thing its changed is some months my period is very light and I have less cramping. I have gained about 15lbs recently but that is probably due to my poor diet, or a combination of the two. Since this is the first major weight gain I&#039;ve had since I was 16. (23 now). 
The cost is only $30 per box and that&#039;s without insurance, so I will continue with the patch."
"I&#039;m 47 years old never did good in school but managed. My wife has been saying I am ADD and spoke to my doctor about it so after a few months of office visits, I go monthly he said he&#039;s been watching my responses and wrote me Vyvanse 30mgs. All I can say is WOW finally everything makes sense I get things done no late afternoon crash its fantastic !! I have social anxiety very bad and this miracle drug took it all away !! I&#039;m on my second month and higher dose just to 40mgs and its perfect !! I actually hugged my doctor on the following visit and thanked him for finally turning my light switch on ! I can&#039;t say enough about this miracle drug Vyvanse !! Now I can look forward to a new day instead of dreading having to get out of bed !"
"I have been on this medication almost a year and have been experiencing a lot of symptoms which I have thought was due to benzodiazepine withdrawal.
I experience grogginess, fatigue, Lightheaded, horrible Anxiety, depression, palpitations, tremors, bad dreams, brain fog, cognitive issues, unable to concentrate, I had nausea 3 weeks, dizziness, feeling weird in and around my eyes, felt mental, No appetite, constipation , stomach issues, fear, Weakness etc
I&#039;m starting to wonder if visterel is causing this?!!!! 
I take 50mg at night before bed And a doctor said I could take another 50mg if I woke so I have been and now I&#039;m thinking all my issues are stemming from this junk! 
I had some issues prior to medication but nothing like this!"
"I just started taking this yesterday. It&#039;s the first birth control pill since I attempted Yaz back in high school, so I can&#039;t really compare it to anything yet. Within two hours of taking the pill I felt extremely moody and paranoid, like I wanted to punch someone. I also feel dizzy and out of it. The nausea is a bit annoying. I think it will take some getting used to, it has yet to make me have any cravings, which is awesome."
"It took at least 5.5- 6 hours to work.  It wasn&#039;t until the second dose did mine start to work.  The taste was fine- drink it with a straw it really does make a difference!"
"I used these drops for my cat, who has a disorder called agenesis eyes. Worked immediately. Good product!"
"I&#039;m twenty-five-years old and still suffer from mild, cystic acne. I did my research as far as using a contraceptive to combat acne goes and found that using a monophasic pill (which keeps your hormone levels at an even keel throughout the month), such as Sprintec, can sometimes be the best choice for young women. I&#039;ve been on this birth control for about three months. It has cleared my skin like no other birth control pill I&#039;ve used before. Another positive side effect as a result of taking Sprintec has been my breasts. I&#039;ve gone up an entire cup size, with very little weight gain elsewhere. Cons: nausea. If I don&#039;t take the pill around the same time every day, and/or I take it on an empty stomach, this stuff makes me nauseous."
"I am taking prescription Zantac 150 and not sure if there&#039;s a difference to the over the counter one but I love this medication. I had missed a week of work from throwing up every little thing even a sip of water and would be stuck there for over 30 minutes and had previously been sick almost every morning and occasionally during the day but always felt nausea and heartburn. Have taken Zantac 150 with prescription meclizine 25 mg and was feeling better the next day. I still get sick from time to time and feel like I lose a weeks worth of food but isn&#039;t everyday and nausea and heartburn got less aggressive. Haven&#039;t had any side effects.  Totally recommend to anyone having stomach issues."
"It works perfectly. I have been battling with chronic constipation for far too long. No matter how much water, fiber or exercise I do nothing gets my bowels moving. Amitiza worked fantastic, I took three pills (one a day, as prescribed by my doctor) and went to the bathroom everyday for a week. Unfortunately, my doctor gave it to me as a test. My only complain is that Amitiza is far too expensive. Insurance does not cover it."
"I was prescribed Doxycycline (100mg per day) by my GP for acne rosacea, or papulopustular rosacea. I have tried other medications in the past both topical and oral without much success and so I decided to go to my doctor to request another referral to a dermatologist (waiting time is two months under the NHS) and he gave me Doxy til then. 

Only been taking it about a week so it&#039;s too early to comment on its effectiveness but I haven&#039;t experienced any adverse reactions to the drug (thank heavens!). I will keep you updated on my progress and/or regress on the drug. 

P.s. I only gave it 5/10 because I think at this point that that&#039;s a fair rating since it has neither improved nor worsened my symptoms and hasn&#039;t made me ill."
"Mucinex is a great product and works. I have a problem swallowing the pill. Why can&#039;t I break it or crush it? Why not a liquid form or smaller pills for adults? Not user friendly for peple like me."
"I have been on Victoza since Feb 15 and to date I have lost 41 pounds. I am 57 years old. I did not have a lot of the side effects that the medicine can cause. I try and eat high in protien lower in carbs and sugar. That seems to work for me. I treat myself once a week to ice cream or something of that nature. I still have a lot of pounds to go but I feel so much better, I have fibromyalgia and diabetes. My goal is to get off metformin and manage thru diet and exercise.    Much love everyone.....Rosie"
"I am 24 years old, female, 5&#039;1, 130 lbs. Treated for major depression and anxiety. I have aversions to junk food (I am normally health conscious unless I am really depressed), weight loss (12 lbs), dry mouth, lighter mood, easier to focus, more motivated, mountains turn into anthills, lower sex drive, sometimes get headaches. For me, the pros overwrite the cons - I went off of this for 6 months with no problems. No addiction or sickness. I am back on it and boy am I glad to feel happy again."
"I have only been on Tekturna for 9 days. The effect was immediate. I am also on a calcium channel blocker (Tiazac) and hydrochlorothiazide. I was put on Tekturna because of palpitations experienced with Diovan (ugly drug in my opinion, same company produces both however). The palpitations were pretty bad on Diovan, 24 hour monitor by EKG etc. After a few days of substituting Tekturna for Diovan, there are no more palpitations."
"After 4 different medications, Zoloft has worked the best for me personally."
"Very helpful."
"With all of the advances in technology and research on medicines, I would hope someone comes up with an better solution / protocol.  This solution was horrible, and was the worst part about the whole situation of prep for a colonoscopy."
"I took Necon 7/7/7/ for a month and a half and it made my acne horrible. I broke out in places where I normally don&#039;t. It made me nauseous the first week or 2 then it got better. Overall the pill was fine just the horrible breakouts."
"I&#039;d suffered for 30 years with both toenail and fingernail fungus.  My life was dramatically affected as I was never able to wear sandals or when I was barefoot for any reason, people stared at my feet in disgust.  When I was with clients showing them work on my iPad or iPhone, I had to hide my thumb or always wear a band aid.  I took pictures of my gradual transformation over a 6 month period of Terbinafine use.  It was nothing short of miraculous.  The confidence I have, the shame is gone and I am beyond thrilled with the results.  I tried every snake oil, holistic and old wives tale... I could hug every person involved in the creation of this medication.  So here&#039;s a verbal hug, mmmmmmm.  Thank you for changing my life."
"I got put on tramadol today for pain in my back after falling on the ice and hitting the cement stairs in front of my house. About ten minutes after I took it my back felt a lot better. I was not sleepy and I am able to function and get things done while taking this medication. It helps tremendously and I strongly recommend it to anyone who has to take care of children. This works because you don&#039;t feel &quot;out of it&quot;."
"I have tried all Four meds. Stendra, as advertised, has by far the quickest onset, usually within 20 min and full on in 30 min. Side effects are mild but it is also the weakest. 
For me, Viagra is the strongest with Levitra close behind. Levitra had worst side effects. Cialis is different. Very mild side effects and long lasting. So they all have their place. If I were a single guy frankly I would carry a few of each. stendra if you are in a bind with short notice. Cialis if you need to pull an all night binge. As a married guy viagra is fine and don&#039;t be silly and try to hide it from your wife. Generic Rovatio is available ( same as Viagra). Very cheap, ask your doctor."
"I&#039;ve been taking Diovan 165mg/12.5mg daily for the last 5 years, since I was 56 yrs old and 200 pounds without any side effects on my case. Maybe some impotence now that I read other comments, but at 61 yrs it is normal for men to no longer be that sexually strong."
"I have been on sertraline for 2 weeks now for anxiety/depression. It&#039;s certainly helped with anxiety, it stops that horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach. I do feel much more optimistic but I&#039;m not out of the woods yet. I am hoping that after 4weeks of taking it (50mg once day) that things will settle even more. I struggle with over thinking/analyzing, letting my internal bully take over and being totally irrational. All of this causes severe anxiety and I lost a stone in 10 days. I&#039;m having CBT as well which brings up a lot of raw emotion but I think (hope!) the combination of both will steer me through this."
"Not bad.  First started this when I was 17. I didn&#039;t like how it made my periods and cramps way worse but over the months it&#039;s calmed down. I did get some mood swings, I didn&#039;t gain weight but I always felt hungry, I would eat and then five minutes later feel like I&#039;m starving. I always take the pill before bed so I didn&#039;t Notice any headaches or weird feelings. It did kill my sex drive though. I&#039;m 22 now and I decided to try something else. As soon as I stopped the pills my sex drive came back so it&#039;s been great. I didn&#039;t get pregnant so it wasn&#039;t too bad."
"I am 33 and have Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Constipation. My bowels have a great habit of becoming immune to whatever medicines I try, so after Amitiza was my savior it no longer worked.  So my doctor gave me samples of Linzess. I have 2 major IBS problems: constipation and severe bloating/abdominal distension. I am giving Linzess a 7 for the bloating/distension as that is why my GI doctor gave it to me. As for the constipation, it gave me watery stools for a few days then stopped working. I&#039;ve been on it over a month.  My side effects are - I have horrid sinus pain and pressure, constant runny nose drip, lots of fatigue, and decreased appetite. So my belly is a normal size now, but I have to have a tall bottle of magnesium citrate for a bowel motion."
"Very good. Have had it for 5 yrs. This is my renewal year and the replacement went well."
"This was my first time taking this prep, and my first colonoscopy. Taste wasn&#039;t the worst, but pretty gross. I chilled the mix, used a straw, and had Gatorade and lemon wedges handy. I think this helped a ton. Physically felt fine after first dose. I felt the effects about 1/2 hr after first dose. Second dose was definitely harder to take, I think from not eating and it being so early in the am. Overall, not too bad of an experience to take the prep."
"I have had my Kyleena in for approximately 30 hours, and I am very pleased with my decision so far! I am 19, and have never had any kids or been pregnant, so I feared that the pain would be unbearable. Overall, the insertion was super easy and I only had a tiny cramp during the whole process. I received numbing shots and took ibuprofen an hour before. I was able to immediately get up and ended up going to work about an hour later. Since then, I have only had a few minor cramps and some spotting. Overall, I am very happy that I didn&#039;t listen to some negative reviews and decided to go through with it! I will update if anything changes in the coming weeks."
"I am prescribed to take two 0.5 Xanax a day but in reality I only take it when I am having a panic attack or feeling very tense or unhappy. It works better for anxiety and tension then it does depression as far as I can tell, but then again I don&#039;t take it consistently. "
"This medication is an selective reuptake inhibitor for both serotonin and norepinephrine. I found it to increase my anxiety by a million due to the norepinephrine release. I don&#039;t understand how in the world this works for anxiety...it didn&#039;t for me. Good luck and for those it works for, God bless"
"I just had Skyla inserted this morning and it was not that bad. The procedure was about 2-3mins tops. It felt like a pap with a really bad cramp and then it was over. I took a 600ml iburprofen beforehand. Now I just feel mild cramping. Honestly, I siked myself out so bad thinking it would nearly kill me to be inserted, that I laughed when it was finished. Of course, everyone is different and I have had a child. But all things considered it was it was a simple procedure. Don&#039;t read into the horror stories. Being tense during insertion will only make it worse. Everyone is different."
"I&#039;ve taken Lamictal since 2002 and combined with two other drugs, I&#039;ve been symptom free from bipolar since 2002."
"Initial symptoms included brain fog, disorientation, and confusion. I took the lactulose for one week... all symptoms disappeared. However, I must advise you to stay close to the bathroom. Also, I should note that my physician said that I may be taking this medication for the rest of my life and I&#039;m only 47 years old."
"Everyone&#039;s body is different so I was unsure of how mine would react, but I&#039;ve had a pretty good experience with depo. I started the beginning of my junior year in high school because my periods were so bad that I would miss school because of cramping. Just taking regular Tylenol or ibuprofen wouldn&#039;t lessen the pain. So we decided to go and see if could try something that would help. And the Depo has been amazing for me. I don&#039;t have periods although for the first month and a half I did spot on and off. I do sometimes get small cramps but they are nothing like they were and they&#039;re only around the time I should be on. My moods are pretty good, I&#039;m not depressed although I do get angrier a little easier. Best of all I&#039;ve lost 10lbs."
"I started taking Xanax at age 20 and it was a great medicine. I had such bad panic attacks and just constant anxiety 24/7.  I started out on a low dose and within 15 mins I felt calm and fine. I got from the place of not being able to walk outside or answer the phone to being able to get married, have a job, go on vacations. Anything I wanted to do. I WAS NORMAL.  But now I&#039;m 36 and on the highest dose 4 mg a day and about 4 1/2 years ago my horrible anxiety came back even though I&#039;m taking it.  I can&#039;t work, drive or really go anywhere anymore.  So I guess I&#039;d say it works but then you may build up a tolerance and then it won&#039;t work. "
"I was 16 years old when I got my Implanon in May 2009. I am now rounding up to my 3 year removal period. I can honestly say I&#039;ve never been happier with a birth control. I don&#039;t have to remember to do anything! I weighed 103lbs then; I weigh 107lbs to date. I would safely say that the Implanon did not cause the weight gain, that time did. I do experience breast tenderness around the time of my menstrual period (which by the way is regular.. 3-5 days a month) and that only lasts as long as the menstrual cycle itself. The one bad thing I can say about Implanon is that is has severely decreased my sex-drive. Overall I&#039;m happy."
"I am 19 years old and I just got diagnosed this 2 days ago. Someone took advantage because I was drunk he began stroking and I jumped up about 2 minutes into it. He was a creep all the way around but that&#039;s the only person I&#039;ve could&#039;ve got it from and I&#039;m positive about that. Now I can&#039;t get in contact with the boy and my life is torn apart. I honestly so upset about this because this pain is so unbearable it hurts, burns, and itches to stand up, sit down, walk, etc. when I urine it burns super bad, and I am in misery.   I can&#039;t deal with this for the rest of my life. I haven&#039;t even been showering because it burns so bad. I just started the meds 400 mg/8 hrs no progress yet though. Any suggestions???"
"After suffering unbearably for 15 years  from Fibromyalgia (including 6 years on disability for it). My neurologist suggested I read everything by Dr. D&#039;Amato and try Mucinex.  We tried 600 mg twice a day for 6 weeks, no response, upped the dose to 800 mg twice a day for 4 weeks, a little better, then 1200 mg twice a day and it was a miracle.  I slowly regained a life again.  Throughout this time I also exercised about 1/2 hour a day, which also helps."
"I have Progressive MS and this makes the difference between transferring between wheelchair and toilet.  Prior to taking this my feet and knees were swollen and so stiff they would not bend."
"Conduced first exploratory use in June, 2013 indication cutaneous melanoma, Breslow/3mm.  Tilmanocept was well received by the patient with no local. Clearance delay provision &lt;20 min. SLN discovery total &lt;4 min/2 SLN/Path."
"This medication worked great at stopping my cough immediately. I was diagnosed with bronchitis but I think it is now pneumonia. A strange thing happened though. I noticed every time I took it, a few hours later I would feel like I had the flu. My skin would hurt and I would actually get a fever which I didn&#039;t have before."
"I suffered for almost 6 years with all ten toes badly infected. The sight was awful!!! I had to wear closed in shoes ALL the time. I took 3 months of treatment and seen a SIGNIFICANT change!! After 3 months of being off the treatment, I asked my doctor for another round because it is an extremely STUBBORN fungus!! Thankfully after that round, I now have normal, beautiful ten toes!! I had my 1st pedicure in years and I went sandal crazy shopping!! I don&#039;t know of any side effects and if there where any, it was nothing I noticed. I was afraid of the risks, but EVERYTHING is a risk!! This was a risk worth taking!!"
"Started to work RIGHT AWAY."
"My general doctor gave me Paxil when I told her I had been having panic attacks and anxiety. I started on 10mg and when I hadn&#039;t noticed a difference after 6 weeks she upped the dose to 20mg. I still have anxiety day to day, and feel the beginning of a panic attack a lot, but am not able to go through with it. Sex drive completely gone. All I want to do is sleep. Depression worsened. This is not for me."
"Unbelievable is all I can say! I could not have doubted this more, but after suffering night after night with horrendous back pain, I sat up at 3am searching the internet for some herb or vitamin I had dismissed the 100 other times I had sat up on the night in pain. I thought it sounded ridiculous, but no more so than anything else I had tried. I started with 1200mg and have remained on that and I feel better than I have in years. I urge you to try this. It has changed my life!"
"I was prescribed this medication and don&#039;t recommend it.  I had insomnia when I was on it, and 2 days so far after.  It gave me cramps, nerve pain, weakness/fatigue, lack of interest in doing anything.  Anxiety, spasms, and it feels like the veins in the left side of my head have swollen.  My left side of my throat and jaw stay mostly numb even 2 days off.  If you are seeking advice on high blood pressure just watch your sodium intake.  Most Doctors and Nurse practioners that I&#039;ve had met just seem to be pushers for the pharmaceutical companies."
"I got my Skyla inserted this morning. I had to run in quickly due to my schedule, so I did not get a change to take any ibuprofen or even eat. The insertion felt like a very sharp cramp and lasted less than 30 seconds. But my body was shocked by it and I started feeling faint. Its alot to go from a 0 to a 10 so quickly! After the initial shock wore off it just felt like bad cramps. They went away when I took ibuprofen. The rest of the day I have just felt a deep soreness similar to sex that is too rough. Overall i&#039;d say its not fun but not terrible! I am just praying for no side effects now!"
"It takes my colitis pain away and aids me in decreasing my flare ups but the side effects are lower back pain and tiredness. I only use when I have to."
"I have been on losartan for over a year and I have lost my eye site in rt eye .along with many more side effects .not taking it and lisinapril will destroy your kidneys .get something else."
"Didn&#039;t use protection since I had ran out. Me being ignorant I still kept on. Hours later my girlfriend decided she really wanted me to buy it. Me having no job and thay damn pill being so damn expensive I gathered money quickly and she took the pill 16 hours later. She was later for her period date. Very anxious we were dying. 4 excruciating days later her period came. This pill might have effects in different ways... Safe sex is the best sex.... Well it sucks but it&#039;s better than having a kid. Happy new years"
"I had an outburst with severe anxiety after I stopped another medication too soon. I love how this medicine keeps me calm and I sleep so good, I feel like a new person. I would highly recommend this product for it has helped me so much. I don&#039;t ever plan to go on anything else."
"I have lost 8.2 pounds with in the first 6 days. Prior to starting this sample kit it took me 4 weeks to loose 7 pounds. I take my injection at night and I have had very little nausea."
"I had a horrible experience with Prozac. I was actually very excited when my doctor decided it would be the next anti-depressant medication I tried, because it gets so much good publicity. Hell, there&#039;s even a memoir called &quot;Prozac Nation.&quot; Upon beginning my daily regimen of prozac, I had increased anxiety (too the point that I was having uncontrollable heart palpitations, dizzy spells, trouble breathing -- I couldn&#039;t eat, and got down to 100lbs on accident) and my suicidal ideation increased to the point that I made a very serious suicide attempt. Thanks to quick intervention, speedy response from paramedics, and a life flight I am alive today. Be careful, and be aware of side effects."
"I have found Seroquel to be an excellent option for individuals like myself who may have formed an addiction to the regularly prescribed sleep medicines.  I have suffered with insomnia for over 30 years. On this medicine, I have experienced sleep without morning grogginess; however there have been severe muscle jerks of my legs - more severe than my regular restless leg syndrome which I have already been diagnosed.  This side effect is why the medication is not rated at a higher level.  But I would rather have the muscle jerks of my legs than to go through the drug detox process again."
"Effexor has worked at times for me for my panic disorder, but has not gotten rid of my panic attacks. I&#039;ve been tapering off it for months 150 to 37.5 ... Remember with Effexor almost everyone is going to suffer from discontinuation syndrome... or as many know it the &quot;zaps&quot;.  Effexor&#039;s lowest dose was 37.5 mg now they make a 25 mg to help. I understand that getting off it is possible, but the reason for the discontinuation syndrome is due to the short half life of the medicine. Prozac at a low dose around 10 mg does help because of its long half life.  "
"Celebrex has helped me now for over 5 years. I have Arthritis in one old disc injury and pain in the next one. I have tried nearly all of them and nothing worked as well as this. Just don`t know how long to continue but I am only 49. I take 400 per day. "
"I started on Wellbutrin XL 150mg after severe depression set in after a traumatic life change.  I could feel a difference within a few days.  After 5 weeks I was still mopey but much better than I was before Wellbutrin.  My doctor increased my dose to 300mg and I felt much better within a week.  I have been on that dose for 4 weeks now and I feel good.  I need to take the advice of exercising while on it to see if it helps increase my happy mood.  Side effects were severe dizziness after standing up but that is now mild.  Night sweats, hot flashes and dry mouth for a few weeks but that went away.  Insomnia increased with dose increase, however, I do not feel overtired from getting less sleep (6 hrs a night).  I would recommend definitely."
"This medicine is awful. I originally started taking it for stomach cramps and regulating my period and I wish I never started taking it in the first place. I was on the second week of my third pack and felt AWFUL. Not only was I nauseous 24/7 I got headaches, cramps in my upper and lower back, side pains, chest pains. As well as a intolerance to gluten. At first I thought my stomach problem was from eating fast food but as I think about it I was nauseous the first month of taking this pill and it steadily got worse. I&#039;m on my 2nd week off the pill and I&#039;m going through serious side effects of my body trying to regulate itself. I&#039;ve lost 6 pounds &amp; my appetite. DO NOT take this pill."
"I went on Yasmine to get better skin for an upcoming event. It was the worst decision I could&#039;ve made! My skin has never been this bad! My chin is full of cystic acne. Big and red and they leave terrible scars, I have now been taking them for 2 months and it only seems to be getting worse. I also have gotten some on my back, which I normally don&#039;t. Also I have had my period now for 2 weeks with terrible cramps every day!! Usually I only have it for a day or two. I feel decrease in sex drive and have felt low since I started taking Yasmine. So far these pills have only been bad for me but I do believe and hope that the side effects will linger off as I continue using them! Hopefully this is just a horrible transition phase"
"I was just prescribed Amphetamine/dextroamphetamine r 351 20 mg for ADD, the first day I took it at 11 am yesterday I felt extremely tense and uncomfortable the exact opposite of what I thought it was going to be then at about 12 am I had a very bad headache couldn&#039;t go to sleep until 4 am woke up and took half and just felt out of it all day no energy no increased focus  I was just wondering if anyone else is on the same drug ??? because all pictures of this drug online look orange and pink and blue which is kind of strange because I got it from a clinic not a regular doctors office . I don&#039;t even know if i want to take it tomorrow because of the negative side affects feeling kind of hopeless at this point hopefully someone has some info."
"I was plugged for more than a week. Tried Miralax, docusate, Milk of Magnesia, and fiber. Got nothing. Cause was opiates unbeknownst to me. Doctor said to try magnesium citrate.  45 min later all systems go. Been in the &quot;oval office&quot; off and on for a few hrs but I&#039;ll take it. I did not feel good before."
"Very good for pain and as a cough suppressant.  Doesn&#039;t seem to make me nauseous like codeine.  The only caveat is that it will make your prostate swell so you may get a burning prostate after extended use if you already have BPH."
"Just had gall bladder removed and then came the runs that won&#039;t stop for days. Started on Welchol and 30 mins later I was normal. It&#039;s great."
"I had my first panic attack in June 2013. Thought I was going to die. Had them everyday after that. I couldn&#039;t go no where or do anything because I was so dizzy and scared. I went from June to Sept with no medicines. I was suicidal so I tried meds, First two days I was a zombie, no appetite. I felt weird but not like panic attack weird. I could tell a difference. I have been on my Zoloft 25ml since Sept 2013 and I am 97% better. I have my days where I feel weird but if you have severe panic attacks like I did you will know that even feeling 5% better would be nice so 97% is amazing! This medicine saved my life."
"You have to give it time to work. At the beginning I thought it was not going to work, but after 3 months was great. I have been on Viibryd for about 6 months, is excellent, don&#039;t gain weight and my sex drive is very high.. Excellent. Hope it works for you."
"I&#039;ve been on Oxycontin for almost 4 years with a dosage of 40mg twice daily supplemented by hydrocodone 10/500 three times a day. My diagnosis is severe skelelatal trauma from a motorcycle accident and other car accidents. The oxycontin provides me with almost complete relief on a good day and makes my pain bearable on a bad day. The negative is the brutal withdrawl. I travel extensively for my job and take with me only what I need in a separate pill box. I carry a copy of the presecriptions with me. I had 22 oxycontins and 30+ hydrocodones stolen out of my luggage. I didn&#039;t want to ask for a refill early because I couldn&#039;t get either the airline or TSA to acknowledge the theft and did not want to be labeled a drug seeker."
"Do not do it!  I causes tiredness, mental fog, emotional instability, and depression. The thyroid is critical to mental function.  This med will cause you to behave in ways your find surprising. The problem is that this is a T4 only medication. Your body also produces T1, T2, T3."
"Been on Invokana for a week now. My blood sugars have been significantly reduced. I am also watching my diet, very low carbs. Still have not lost any weight, which was the reason why I was put on this medicine to begin with. My A1C went from a 9.9 to a 7.3 at last weeks endocirnologist appointment. I wonder if I should let this go for a bit longer. I had hoped to see some weight loss during this time, but haven&#039;t lost a pound. I have noticed only a slight increase in urination and haven&#039;t really been thirsty. Maybe it hasn&#039;t been long enough. Any ideas? Oh, and my insurance covered this right from the beginning. I didn&#039;t need the rebate card. That was nice."
"This is the only medicine that helps get rid of my sinus infections and it looks like that goes for a lot of other people too. This is the only antibiotic that I can take because I am allergic to so many others."
"Started taking Arimidex in June and have lost 45lbs. Vomiting and diarrhea have left me homebound. I keep starting and stopping this pill. Oncologist thinks I&#039;m crazy, but when I stop the pill the vomiting and diarrhea stop. Just stopped taking it before Christmas and I&#039;m feeling so much better. Have had two lumpectomies and a mastectomy. Don&#039;t want the cancer to return, but the side effects are too much for me."
"I have had a recurring scabby skin infection.   Primary care physician prescribed this, did not work, then went to dermatologist, re-prescribed still does not work.   It was first thought that condition is Impetigo.  I am now waiting on the 2nd lab test.  Feeling hopeless and frustrated."
"After many trips,to the GP and hospital with stomach pain and severe toilet issues I was prescribed Questran light being a ground worker sometimes no toilets close by is not a problem anymore. A great medicine. I have no side effects."
"I&#039;ve had severe psoriasis since I was about 10 (18 now). It covered my entire torso, back, scalp, forehead, and arms. I literally tried EVERYTHING but found things worked for a very short period before it just all came back. Originally I was on enbrel but I really couldn&#039;t handle the pain of the injections, so I couldn&#039;t keep taking them regularly and so eventually they stopped working. Humira for me, although still painful, was much more bearable than enbrel. It took a couple of months to work but now my skin is completely clear and I&#039;ve never been happier. Of course, the down side is that if it continues to work I&#039;ll be having the injection for the rest of my life, but for me this is a small price to pay for the amazing results it&#039;s given"
"Pain is decreased as well as time of breakout. Best stuff ever but very expensive."
"I used samples of Relistor first. Although it caused massive abdominal pain for 30 minutes to an hour, it worked. Unfortunately it costs $2,000 a month &amp; my insurance won&#039;t cover it. On to Movantik. Side effects are HORRIBLE. MAJOR withdrawal symptoms. Severe sweating, shaking, going from extremely hot to teeth chattering cold, yawning 50 times in a row, heart palpitations, massive abdominal pain, skin feels like it&#039;s crawling with sharp objects for hours. When I say hours..I mean 12-15 hours after my dose. Which was dropped from 25 mg to 12.5 mg. I have a bowel movement after taking about 20% of the time.
I don&#039;t have a lot of choices though. In 2012, my colon ripped in half. I was in critical care, trying to not go through that hell again"
"This medication did nothing for my pain. Had to stop taking Ultram after 5 days due to extreme agitation."
"12.5 mg helps with sensations of dizziness, spinning, balance problems, but makes me unable to function for 24hr. Very drowsy. I am 5.5, 106lbs."
"Creates only a soft erection; not enough for intercourse.
I have mentally separated ejaculation from intercourse because what I primarily want is the sense of &quot;oneness&quot; with my mate.
With a MUSE injection I feel a sort of pain, which also is felt in my ankles and lower legs.
It&#039;s pretty useless for me. Does give a soft erection for a short time."
"I switched to Xulane from Mirena. I am on my second week. I am so nauseous and my face has broken out badly. I feel tired all day, I&#039;m simply miserable. I&#039;m constantly eating. I actually miss my Mirena. I&#039;ll try to stick it out a little longer."
"I have been taking this medicine (25mg) for a little over two weeks. I have to take it 13 hours before I want to wake up. If I take it right before I go to bed, I will sleep for 12 hours. I also am very tired throughout the day, and it is common for me to take a 4 hour nap (just to make it through the day). I believe it has helped my headache in that I am sleeping so much I can&#039;t feel the pain anymore."
"I started this medication after switching from quetiapine for Bipolar 2.  I have so much more energy on this medication, I have lost weight and it has levelled out my mood considerably (my usual mood state is low, but I do cycle a couple of times a year).  During initial titration I had trouble sleeping, dry mouth and digestive bleeding.  But these have lessened over time and I use laxatives and synthetic saliva to ease the side effects.  Overall I&#039;m very happy with this medication."
"I&#039;ve been taking Clearlax a little over a week now. I kept complaining to my wife for years about bowel movement troubles. She told me if I&#039;m having so much trouble to buy some Miralax. I found Clearlax with same ingredients as Miralax. Anyway, my constipation was driving me crazy and painful. I was having trouble with hemorrhoids, stomach cramps, bowel movements and etc., you name it. I no longer use Preparation H, and feel great. "
"My Healthcare Provider switched my 20mg daily dose of Lexapro to Zoloft. I was to completely stop Lexapro and begin Zoloft with a dose of 200 mg daily. 
That was 6 months ago. 
I am not having a good experience with Zoloft. My dosage was adjusted down over a period of 3 weeks to 50 mg. 
My mind was constantly whirling with anxiety, my mood was total chaos, swinging from depressed to mad. 
My alcohol consumption was increased both by quantity and frequency.
My appetite increased in the frequency of hunger and the amount of food I consume, but I never seem to hit the full feeling.
I am seesawing between 100 to 200 mg daily at this time, trying to totally stop Zoloft. 
Main reasons; weight gain (30lbs in 4 months ) &amp;  increased alcohol craving"
"I have been taking this for two weeks now, the initial side effects as my body &#039;got used &#039; to it have been horrible. Feel sick don&#039;t feel hungry, pupils are oddly dilated, can&#039;t sleep, feel tired and energy less, no sex drive at all, dizzy, headaches etc. My joint pain is pretty much gone and so is my anxiety but I&#039;m really not sure which is better at the moment!"
"I am a 21 year old college student and first went on a hormonal birth control (lutera) when I was 18 to help with irregular periods--and after almost a month on it I was a raging hormonal maniac. I was too traumatized for awhile to look into other options and then I thought a non hormonal IUD would be the solution to my birth control woes. My first insertion went relatively smoothly--I psyched myself out before hand but it was just uncomfortable, not painful. Unfortunately 3 months after insertion the IUD partially expelled. A month later I had a new one put in which I&#039;ve had for a year now, and though I still get painful, heavy periods with some spotting between (a trade off I can handle),I really am happy with my decision to get ParaGard."
"I have had acne on and off for around 5 years now. I am a 22 year old male. I moved to Dubai and it got gradually worse over time. I started taking epiduo for around 8 weeks and it helped a little. I then came off it due to my skin my being pretty sensitive. My dermo prescribed me Tetralysal and Differin. Now the differin is very delicate on the skin in my opinion. I have taken for around 2 and a half weeks. I am currently going through the initial breakout and its bad. My general skin tone is tonnes better but we will have to see!"
"I have been on Requip for over a year now and it is a God-send. Requip has saved my life. I don&#039;t have any of the side effects (sleepiness, etc.) associated with Requip, thank goodness, but it does let me sleep at night.  I asked my doctor to prescribe it for me and she had never heard of Requip until I told her about it.  Surprise!  I will be on Requip forever until science figures out what causes RLS.  I highly recommend Requip to anybody who has RLS.  Side effects for me - none whatsoever, just a good night&#039;s sleep for a change."
"I had the Skyla inserted today. It is a smaller device than the Mirena and has less hormone. 

My gynecologist was amazing and the entire procedure was minutes long. I had it inserted during my period. This was not required, the scheduling just happened to fall on my period. 

It felt like a routine pap until she dilated my cervix, which elicited some pain. I actually thought that was the Skyla being inserted.
She then inserted it and it felt like a very sharp stab. It definitely was painful, but not enough to cause tears. 

I had fleeting mild cramps for the next 30 or so minutes and now 7 hours later, I feel great. 

Prior to going I took three 220mg Aleve. 

I have high pain tolerance. "
"This pill does what a decade of therapy failed to do and it costs WAY less. I had to take a speech class for college--a class that i&#039;d been putting off for yrs (had already failed once due to anxiety).  My dr prescribed this when i mentioned what happens when i have to do any kind of public speaking (my flight or fight response goes through the roof and i can barely speak my voice gets so shaky).  Did i still get nervous? Yes, but it makes a HUGE difference because not only did it eliminate the whole racing heart and shaking voice thing but it actually made me more confident cause i knew no matter how much my speech sucked that i&#039;d be able to deliver it cool as a cucumber. FYI chewing a small dose 5 mins before makes it fast acting!"
"I had this put in a little over a year ago. Wanted something long lasting as I knew I didn&#039;t want kids for a while (I was 17) and I can&#039;t take pills during Basic Training. No period for a year. A month ago my breasts started swelling up terribly, I gained about 7 lbs, and I become very moody. (Thought I was pregnant) This could be because I just graduated and am training for 5 months very soon, but I think the bar is mainly to blame. My period started yesterday-heavily. I haven&#039;t had it for 14 months. I think it&#039;s still worth it though (my insurance covers it). No real responsibility and time without the period was nice. "
"Helps well with my anxiety as well!"
"Started taking this drug about 3 months ago. It took about a month to completely clear up my chest and back acne. It had a significant effect on my facial acne. The cysts only last a couple days now and my face is noticeably clearer. Very happy with this result! The only side effect I personally am not super happy about is the weight loss. I am 5&#039;8&quot; and usually 125-130 pounds. Three months into this drug I now weigh 114 pounds and feel very tired all the time. I have tried drinking more water than usual and have increased my sodium intake which is helping with the light headed-ness. Otherwise I have not changed my eating habits and the pounds keep coming off. Not sure how to combat this beside stuffing myself."
"My son was started on abilify after 11 years on zyprexa. First he was zombie like and now a year later he is paranoid, delutional and a lot of cognitive deficits .Worst drug ever!!!!"
"The Ativan gave me relief from the anxiety that was caused by and affecting the Dystonia. However it didn&#039;t treat the Dystonia itself and I ended up having to up my dose all the time and eventually quit taking it because I realized it wasn&#039;t treating the root problem."
"When I was a kid I had extremely severe &#039;hayfever&#039; and it continued into my 20&#039;s when a doctor prescribed nasal Intal.  It cured me.  Now in my 60&#039;s I&#039;ve recently developed asthma.  It seemed that the cold aggravated it, even the cold in the frozen food sections of supermarkets.  I&#039;m on Ventolin and that is okay. I was prescribed Symbicort, (both powder and aerosol spray) but my throat ulcerated so now have been prescribed Intal 2 puffs twice a day. I&#039;m hoping this will work as good as it did for my &#039;hay-fever&#039;!"
"It works so well that it doesn&#039;t seem real. I only use it occasionally as needed. This morning I woke up and could not breathe through my nose at all.  I tried blowing my nose, but with no result (it wasn&#039;t nasal congestion, it was swollen nasal passages). I used Flonase and within an hour I could breathe normally again. I know it doesn&#039;t always work that quickly for people and I&#039;m surprised that it did for me, but it really is an awesome product."
"I have been on this medicine for four days and I am completely amazed at the difference in my life. I feel SO much better! No more anxiety or depression, I sleep like a rock and I wake up feeling refreshed and optimistic, whereas before I woke with anxiety or depression and even invasive thoughts nearly EVERY morning.  So far, so good! Hot flashes are greatly reduced, but I am most surprised by my change in mood. Family doctor wanted me to try one SSRI after another, while my OBGYN gave me the Duavee. I am only 46 years old yet haven&#039;t had a period in probably a year. I had NO idea that my horrible anxiety and depression were hormone related. I literally feel like I&#039;ve been given a new lease on life. I feel 10 years younger!"
"I am 17 years old, sexually active and was first on the normal birth control pill but my doctor suggested me to get nexplanon /implanon. When she told me how easy it was to not have to worry about taking the pill every single day and be protected for 3 years i automatically said of course! i read bad reviews and all but i still decided that i preferred to stay safe and I am not the typical side effect person, after a week my mood COMPLETELY changed! I use to go to the gym every single day at 5 in the morning before school which was at 7 am then et out of school at 3pm to go to work at 4 and get out at 10!I was always so busy and active and loved to work out, after this stupid nexplanon i have been the laziest and had my period for 2 months!"
"I had complications after surgery to remove infected mesh after hernia repair.  I was diagnosed  with an illus and given oral laxatives and glycerine suppositories all to avail.  The trapped gas pains were excruciating. My nurse suggested a fleet enema to get things moving.  I got relief within minutes.  The enema was repeated and I was completely pain free.  Wish I was given an enema sooner."
"Works great for pain (bulged disc, popped out AGAIN after the surgery November 2009) and yes, it does wonders for my anxiety. "
"I&#039;m on day 7 of chantix and I have to say, I feel great!  Energetic, positive. I&#039;m very sensitive to medication and was a little weary, still am. I make sure to take on full stomach and a full glass of water. Not a single side effect. After 3 days, I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;d go several hrs and not smoke, which never happens with me. I smoke at least a pack a day. I find that I have to remind myself to smoke or when I see someone smoking, I think, oh yea, have a cigarette. The cravings are all but gone. It&#039;s simply habit now. They even taste bad. I&#039;ve decided to make my quit day after the dosage doubles. Just to be sure. I don&#039;t see it being a problem. Highly recommend. Also, the website has a &#039;co-pay&#039; system to help with the cost."
"I started to get anxiety and panic attacks when I was 24. I am now 30. I have tried multiple of medication for anxiety, bi-polar,depression etc... I was getting the racing thoughts but worst of all was the womp feeling you get it&#039;s hard to explain. I was on benzo as well and nothing helped me. Psychiatrist, group talk but your the only one who knows what you feel others do not understand it. I have always been a deep person and would think way to much. I got out of that stage on my own. Trust me it sucks i still get &quot;crazy&quot; but on Paxil it really helped me I only take Paxil nothing else. You name it I was on it schizophrenia meds as well. I understand when people say I can&#039;t get up I can&#039;t go out. Just try it all are different!"
"This is the best medicine that I have taken for my condition. I took it for years because of Narcolepsy mainly but have a shortened attention span also. Never had a problem with it. Never needed to increase the 10mg dosage per day. With my doctor retiring and new doctors obsessed with Provigil I&#039;ve had nothing but problems in all directions. From my prescription plan not wanting to pay for the 800 mg per day that I need to take to the performance of the medicine. I also have to take 36 mg of Concerta. "
"I started using this about 5 weeks ago.  I noticed the difference in the way I felt within a day or two.  I was able to focus and concentrate again!  I&#039;ve gotten even better as the weeks have gone by.  I was still feeling very tired after three weeks so my Doctor added Wellbutrin with the Zoloft and now I feel great!  Zoloft works...in some cases you may need an additional medicine, not always."
"After very unsuccessful attempts with Lexapro and Prozac, I started on Effexor XR 2 months ago. Really suffered a lot to have my system adapted to it in the first 5 days. After that I had 2 wonderful weeks.  It has helped me a lot with panic attacks I used to have (specially dizziness and balacing issues),  butI have started suffering with huge stomach pains. I thinks those are related to effexor."
"Fanapt is the first medicine we&#039;ve tried where I can function because of the medicine. I can hold a job now, the paranoia is wayyy down, and I only get a few hallucinations throughout the day. My mind isn&#039;t quite as sharp, and the dry throat gets pretty bad, but other than that, this drug has saved my life. I&#039;ve been on it for 8 months now."
"Been taking 200mg for 4 years and also 2mg clonazepam.  Only problem was when I first started I would sleep walk.  One time I was downstairs taking down the blinds in the family room till my wife woke me up.  No problems anymore."
"I found this medication very good for my bipolar depressive episodes. No side effects, and as I take it continuously it helps prevent recurrences of my down cycle."
"After 7 years on Zoloft, it had stopped working. I was experiencing mood swings and sadness/depression. My doctor weaned me off Zoloft and prescribed Wellbutrin. The first few weeks I immediately noticed an increased sensitivity in all my senses. There was kind of a wind tunnel effect in my ears, my body was more sensitive to the touch (great for sex life), I became hyper-sensitive to noise/vibration (a negative) and I had a keener sense of smell (not always positive). I had trouble getting or staying asleep. I stayed on it for six weeks, but when my fuse got shorter and I became very hostile and angry, I was weaned off of Wellbutrin and changed to Celexa. It&#039;s been 2 weeks and so far so good."
"My stomach was not bloated and my intestinal tract was functioning as it never has before-I felt more alert, less tired and sluggish and even lost some weight.  I am very upset that this was taken off the market."
"It has really helped me right at the most important time to calm down and not bother with severe drinking."
"I have had Implanon for 3 years now and I&#039;m getting it removed in November and I honestly love it just in this last month I&#039;ve had heavy periods its was awesome. I love it."
"Do NOT get an IUD. Got inserted on 10.9.17. Even after taking 4 ibuprofen to prepare for the pain it was excruciating for 4 days. I ended up going to the ER. Mind you, I&rsquo;m 8 months post baby so it shouldn&#039;t have hurt that much. Side effects: cramping/pain, mood swings, back pain, vaginal infection...which I just found out after a month of having this thing in I have BV. I literally just pulled it out on my own since my Dr. refused to remove it and kept convincing me to keep it in just because my side effects are slightly better. DO NOT GET AN IUD. Remember, Drs. profit off of RX&rsquo;s. I refuse to suffer for longer than a month. The infection was the last straw which I KNOW the IUD caused because I was tested during insertion and was negative."
"I have severe sinus problems all year long, but worse in the fall. The pressure pain is almost unbearable. My doctor has prescribed everything under the sun to help relieve the symptoms and nothing works better than Mucinex D. I never have any drainage with my sinuses...just the pain/pressure and I can get almost immediate relief after I take 1 bi-layer tablet (1200mg guaifenesin and 120mg pseudoephedrine).  The medicine says it has an immediate release layer that works quickly and it does.  Then it has an extended release layer that works over the next few hours.  I also have the side effect of insomnia, but it&#039;s so worth it to relieve that sinus pressure (those of you who have it know what I&#039;m talking about!)."
"I get diarrhea all the time since I was 12 or 13. I take a lot of meds, and a lot of food I can no longer eat. This medicine works right away for me. I am now 67 yrs old. I only use it if the diarrhea lasts for more than two days."
"I started having extreme joint pain almost overnight and was like that for over 2 weeks.  The Doctor put me on Celebrex, 2 pills 2 times a day for 5 days with 1 pill once a day since.  I feel so much better and no side effects, not even an upset stomach. I&#039;m so happy there is a pain medication that is not a steroid or narcotic."
"I am in shock as to the MIRACLE of Olanzipine. A 2 year severe depression, with extreme anxiety, insomnia, and paranoia DISAPEARED the first week on this medicine. Before, my depression was so bad, I stopped brushing my hair, I could barely function, my sadness so profound. After 1 week on Zyprexa, I am finally back to myself, taking good care of myself, sadness is 90% gone, smiling again!"
"I was 34 years old before being diagnosed with rare epilepsy. I have seizures 1/16 of a second out of every minute. I knew nothing about this disease, my doctor tried many therapy plans. I finally had to go into hospital - there I got dilantin through a drip. I told my doctor it seemed be working. I have been taking 10 a day ever since. Thanks it has made my quality of life much better."
"My whole reasoning to get on birth control was to help my miserable cramps, and periods. Saying that it was my first time on birth control, my midwife and I decided that the Nuvaring was the best route to go. I put it in the first day of my cycle, and I bled for three days (I have a five day cycle). I was so excited to have no cramps, and a short period. Then, about a week later I started getting horrendous cramps, even worse than my period cramps. The cramping wouldn&#039;t go away, along with the cramping - my skin changed from silky soft to desert dry, and I was extremely itchy all over my body.  Come to find out, I was actually allergic to the Nuvaring. Some other symptoms that I got with the Nuvaring were zits, hunger, and moody!"
"I just recently got off of this birth control after 9 months because I was almost constantly bleeding. My doctor told me I was &quot;free bleeding&quot; because of this birth control. It may be effective, but I do not want to be on my period more than I&#039;m not,"
"So, back in the day I started with Wellburrin, Lexapro, Zoloft etc...tried it all and nothing was working. Finally my doctor switched me to Trentillex. There wasn&#039;t really any side effects when first starting. After about a month and a half, I finally felt something. The darkness went away. The despair, anxiety, and gripping hell that kept me from getting out of my own bed. It&#039;s all gone. As if it was lifted before my very own eyes. Life is great now. I&#039;m truly happy for the first time in years. Please, give this a try, push through the side effects, and see what you feel like after 1-2 months. It&#039;s a small price to pay for a better life."
"I have taken TOUJEO for 1&amp;1/2 years now I have broken out with a rash &amp; itching over my entire body for the past three months. Told my doctor he said that can&#039;t happen with insulin.  I&#039;ve been to three doctors  all tell me the same. I STOPPED TAKEN TOUJEO The rash is starting to clear but it is slow in clearing. there is nothing that helps. ."
"Very good medication for panic attacks and severe anxiety. Works fast."
"Asked my doctor for 3 years to blood test me for low T. Now its popular he finally did. It was 100. I&#039;ve always been overweight, very hard for me to lose weight. Dr. Gave me fortesta. It did not work for me. It gave me large itchy rashes on my thighs. And raised T level only to 200. I went to my urologist and asked him for testosterone cyponate to inject. Now 1 1/2 years later my T level is 350 to 900 depending when injection and blood test . I&#039;ve lost 100lbs, I&#039;m horny like a rabbit now. And I never was that horny. All of my numbers are where they supposed to be with blood test every 3 months. So if guys are in a similar situation, injection is the way to go. Unfortunately your testicles will shrink."
"I have severe panic attacks and bipolar. I used to be on Xanax for six years. Now my Obamacare new Dr refuses. Klonopin doesn&#039;t help my panic attacks. A little calm but makes me very angry and mean. Not as strong as Xanax. Doesn&#039;t help anxiety attacks, takes too long. My heart still races."
"Ok this is where i am after two weeks. I&#039;m turning 54 one of these days, Managing Director of my company and self diagnosed with ADHD about a month ago. I matched ALL the criteria. Went to see a doctor and he confirmed my suspicions. I relayed my struggles with studies at University and he referred to me attaining two degrees a &#039;miracle, I cannot begin to explain how difficult studying was not to mention having to sit through hours of lectures. There was no - and I stress - NO filter between my brain.mind and my mouth. Anger,profanity and impulse behavior was only curbed by my life-long ability to be able to fall asleep anywhere, anytime. Imagine an alien being in charge for 53 years. It&#039;s all gone. Why did no one help me with this before?"
"I didn&#039;t want to take hormones for hot flashes but the hot flashes were bad enough that I was going to try hormone therapy anyway. My family doctor suggested fluoxetine or Prozac for hot flashes. I had never heard of taking an antidepressant for hot flashes before so I studied before saying yes. It started working after just a few days. I have occasional hot flashes that are milder than before an way way less frequent. 20 mg is the dose that works for me. I tried reducing to 10 mg for a few months but it didn&#039;t work as well as the 20 mg. I have been on this for 16 months now. On the flip side it has also helped with some anxiety issues I didn&#039;t realize I was experiencing. : )"
"I got the nexplanon implant because my periods would come with extreme cramps that put me down for 4-5 days. I would sleep all the time and couldn&#039;t help but to cry because I was in so much pain. So, my OB suggested a birth control and I heard really bad things about the depo shot so I didn&#039;t want that &amp; I hadn&#039;t heard anything bad about the implant. So I went with it rather than the shot. 
I had the implant for three months. In the time that I had it, I had nothing but horrific migraines, cramping and I bled for 3 weeks, stopped for 6 days, &amp; now I&#039;ve been bleeding for 30 days. I&#039;ve had a headache since 2-1-16. I am an emotional wreck. I cry at the stupidest things and I get upset over nothing. I highly recommend not getting this implant."
"I began taking this in April after a suicidal episode. I started at 30mg and noticed the effects immediately. I suffer from social anxiety and clinical depression. Constant worrying and panic attacks. The first thing I noticed was that it became easier to let go of worrying thoughts. e.g. if I embarrassed myself usually I&#039;d ruminate until I became depressed, once I started duloxetine the bad thoughts were out of my mind almost as soon as they came. This made life a lot easier for me, day by day my symptoms disappeared. It is now August and I am on 120mg the maximum dose. Its wearing off as my mood is starting to slip, but I can honestly 100% say that for the past 5 months I have been cured. Duloxetine was the best thing to ever happen to me."
"My Dr told me to drink it down with water and then eat yogurt or probiotic an hour after each dose and I never got sick and she said if you don&#039;t drink enough water you will get the runs , so I drank tons and never got it , I am too happy .I had been suffering for two months."
"I suffer from degenerative disk disease and I&#039;ve had surgery for this twice in my lifetime.  I am only 43 and already on Disability.  I have tried taking Ultram/Tramadol for my back pain and I feel absolutely NO relief when I take it.  I even got brave and took 2 at a time for a day (my normal dose being 50mg every 8 hours).  Still nothing.  I&#039;ve had at least three different doctors recommend or prescribe this to me over the last 4 years and have never once had it lower the pain in my back.  I am glad to hear that it works for a lot of people, I just wish it would work for me."
"Epitol has helped me immensely. It pulled me out of a manic phase (after withdrawing from lithium, which didn&#039;t work) and has helped me from going into a deep depression."
"Been on Opana now for roughly 1.5 years.  Stool movement is difficult and most of the time you feel bloated.  With that being said, pain is not problem with current medication.  2x 20mg ER (Morning, Night) with 4 x 10mg IR for break through pain.  I have L5 S1 area problems.  Sweats are also difficult at times in heat.  "
"I am on this medicine since 5 days , zero side effects, I got confused after reading all the reviews about nausea , disineass and all others so called my physician and said this is very normal and depends on people , will continue and write another review in a while"
"Great..was a life saver"
"I started Levaquin four days ago....noticed that I couldn&#039;t sleep the first night.  I have a sinus infection with a bad cough.  The cough has improved, but still have drainage and eye pain.  I asked the doctor for sleep medication which he gave me so I have no problem with that now.  Eating lots of yogurt and taking probiotics and drinking lots of fluids.  Still, the infection may not respond to this antibiotic as I have had the infection on and off for several months.  Used this antibiotic as a last resort.  Hopefully, it will clear up soon."
"I have Ankylosing Spondylitous and  have suffered for 30 years with muscle spasms the whole time. Ive been on Soma for 12 years (2 a day) and have had tremendous relief. It allows me to work and contribute like a normal person. Nothing else works like this and now as of 10/01/16 my health care provider will not prescribe it anymore! All because a few knuckleheaded people abuse it and end up addicted. Now Im on a journey through all the other muscle relaxers to find something that will work like Soma. Just got my first round of something else that look like horse pills that I have to take 4x a day. Wait, I thought change was a good thing....................................Not so much in this case."
"I found this medication to be the best.  I could wake up in the morning without the phlegm in the back of my throat.   This was the only medication that helped.  Why was it discontinued???  The medicine my doctor has given me now does nothing for me."
"I Relapsed on Alcohol after being Sober for 15 years .. I was having a tough time getting back on the wagon... These pills helped."
"I was having frequent migraines to the point where it was making me hate life and cry all the time. I was scared to take it but it worked within two minutes. If you are scared and feel hopeless try this medication it will literally save you from the drowning that migraines can make you feel. Its the only medication I can say that is truly magic."
"I have been on several medications (citalopram) &amp; after 6   years it simply stopped helping my anxiety. It made me tired, foggy &amp; spacey anyways. I had a hard time being sharp at my corporate job. I then got off of anything and was just ok for 7 months. Then my spouse almost died and it sent me reeling into depression &amp; severe anxiety. I was paralyzed with fear. I couldn&#039;t get my work done, cried all the time, had major anxiety. I was afraid to try anything due to the fear of being tired, foggy or dull. Started 30mg Cymbalta. It helped me within 3 days. First 3 days was nauseous. After 2 weeks I was no longer depressed, no catastrophic thinking or panic attacks. Wish I had tried 10-20 years ago! It has turned me around. Not foggy or tired!"
"The information helped me alot."
"After the birth of my son in June 2011, I started Lo Seasonique. Before the birth of my son, I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen and loved it with no problems. I only stayed on Lo Seasonique for one month due to a flow like a heavy period on an almost every day basis. It stopped for two weeks on the second month, and started again very heavily with severe abdominal pain and cramping. The only reason I wanted to try LoSeasonique was for the &quot;fewer periods&quot; purposes. After trying LoSeasonique for a three months (one pack), I have discontinued the use and will be going back to Ortho Tri Cyclen!"
"I was on Yaz when my phaamacy switched me over to Gianvi about 4 months ago.  I have AWFUL anxiety and depression about almost everything.  I have also had a lot of changes to my appetite but have ended up losing 15 pounds because of my anxiety.  I cannot wait to switch to a different birth control."
"I got nexplanon inserted in September 2015 and loved it the first few months. My period lightened and it worked well as birth control (I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant). I noticed some weight gain and mood swings but I thought it was worth it for not getting pregnant. But in March 2016 I started having a constant, light period. I have now ended up having to have the nuvaring to help with the bleeding and I&#039;ll be getting the nexplanon taken out soon."
"i have been using since the first week of August and now its October I see improvement but I still have scars and get pimples here and there and all my breakouts are gone and hopefully after 12 weeks I see more improvement."
"I thought that this medication worked very well, but it didn&#039;t work as fast as it hoped it would but other than thst my experience was good."
"I was having suicidal thoughts really bad before taking sertraline.  I also used to run off from my friend  at Macy&#039;s while shopping with her and one minute I would be standing next to her and next minute I was gone and I kept running off from my mom and my friend Tina and I confessed  to my mom that I have a problem and that I need to do something about it and my mom took me to the doctor and I told my doctor I think I am depressed and he put me on sertraline 25 mg once a day and I found out I was depressed and had severe major depression. Things are a lot better now since I&#039;ve been on sertraline for a long time."
"I used to be against medication but when my anxiety and depression began to feel uncontrollable, I decided maybe it was time to seek help. I started zoloft about a week ago, and I feel the need to really tell you guys so far on how I feel. I am less moodier. My husband had noticed a huge change in me. I used to always be in this bad mood and my anxiety used to get the best of me by running my whole day. I am so much more in control of me emotions. My husband isn&#039;t too fond of me being on this, however, my kids seem to be a lot more happier (even him) when I am more peaceful."
"Overall no major issues with Ocella and I&#039;ve been on it for over two years. I started taking it due to terrible heavy periods that caused nausea and migraines. My periods are much lighter now and my face rarely breaks out. I still get migraines and cramps, but not as bad as before. I&#039;ve also avoided  pregnancy and I never had issues with mood swings."
"I have been on Cymbalta 60mg for chronic abdominal pain for 3 years. It has been a life saver for me and dropped my narcotic use (hydrocodone) down to a 30 day prescription lasting me a year.  I did notice earlier this year more pain and with that more of the narcotic need and depression.  My Dr. raised me up to 90mg (one 60mg and a 30mg) and I haven&#039;t had need of the hydrocodone for 3 months.  I&#039;m very satisfied."
"I began taking qsymia last year from May2014 - Oct2014 and lost 30lbs. Had to stop taking since I ran out of money on my FSA and couldn&#039;t afford it out of pocket. I will say I had major dry mouth which led me to drink lots of water and of course that&#039;s great for weight loss. Completely changed my tasted buds, no longer desired sugar foods - cakes, cookies, etc or pop (Diet Pepsi drinker). Side effect: no energy, struggled greatly on my job. I read a post someone recommending taking l-tyrosine 500mg for energy. I did along w/ my daily multi-vitamins, and it made a world of difference!!  I did gain my 30lb back being off, but I&#039;m back on qsymia and ready to take it off and more this time and stick with it!!"
"Picked up a nasty H Pylori strain from an casual blind date, I know I should have gotten to know the person better. Took a while before symptoms showed up. Had severe upset stomach, occasional diarrhea, nausea and slow but steady weight loss. Took a long time and several doctors to diagnose my steadily worsening condition. Tried PrevPak first, seemed to work at first but  my infection came back. The new GI then prescribed Pylera after my 3rd endoscopy. Pylera has worked, it&#039;s been a year and I am still H Pylera negative. But it&#039;s been brutal and a very hard long road back to recovery. Had severe side effects from tetracycline (in Pylera), my skeletal bones seemed to have absorbed it. Am still not completely detoxed, steadily improving."
"I have been getting migraines off and on since around the age of 16, and am now 25. Most of my migraines are due to my allergies during the spring/summer. But they seem to be even worse during the colder months. This medication works wonders for me. The only thing I seem to notice is a bit of dizziness after the medicene wears off. But I would much rather have a little dizziness rather than being bedridden, light/sound sensitivity, migraine, and nausea/vomiting."
"After 7 years on various SSRI&#039;s and many other tried and tested medicines I finally stumbled across propranolol. A truly life changing medicine for my anxiety disorder. I always presented with high blood pressure and my belief is that hypertension is an underlying cause of crippling anxiety. If it isn&#039;t then it is most certainly involved in the anxiety circle, more hypertension, more anxiety, more hypertension, etc. Anyway this is the best medication I have ever taken...my mind and body seem to be healing in a way I can only describe as miraculous!
Please bear with this medication, although it does work immediately I&#039;d say it takes around 6 weeks to fully bed in."
"I&#039;m new to the whole birth control thing. My first try was seasonique it was perfect until I got migraines out of this world after 2 months of taking it. I told my doctor and she told me to give Tri-Sprintec a try. On this pill you absolutely must eat before you take it with seasonique I wasn&#039;t use to that so I had to get into the habit of eating in the morning before I take my pills. Other than nausea and vomiting when I first started I have no complaints. There are occasional cramps and sore breasts but that wasn&#039;t really a bother to me."
"It is like knives in my nose and throat for about 15 minutes, then it works better than injecting in my thigh. I also take prescription Prilosec and an anti-nausea prescription with it."
"Unbelievable. Suffered for years with performance anxiety and my current job meant I had to do more and more meeting. It got to point that I was thinking I&#039;d have to leave my job or throw myself off a bridge to escape. As a last resort I went to doctors hoping to try beta blockers - I got these thinking they might help a bit. THEY TOTALLY CURED ME. It was like a miracle - I was even cracking jokes and arriving first at meeting where as before I&#039;d hidden in toilets. Only my 1st week, don&#039;t know what the future holds but for now I&#039;ll just celebrate the relief this has provided."
"The only thing that works for me.  Too bad they make you feel like a criminal when you go to buy it and make you take way more trips to the store than necessary because you can only buy so many at a time.  If people want to use it to make meth and kill themselves let them (they&#039;re doing it anyway regardless of this stupid law) I just want to be able to buy it in bulk or online to save myself time and money since I use it regularly.  I noticed lately is every store I go to is out of the generic 12-hour.  Every pharmacy, grocery store, etc, no matter which one, and I have to buy the name brand for 50% more money.  It&#039;s bad enough the price is already higher than it should be due to these loser meth addicts, now I have to buy name brand!!!"
"I have raised areas of skin colored keratosis on my ankles legs and top of hands. My dermatologist prescribe me several creams with no really obvious results to speak of. I was just prescribed the cream and overnight the areas already feel different. I am beyond excited that this seems to be working and such a very short amount of time..."
"I am a 57 year old woman with about 75 pounds to lose. ( If I want to get into a &quot;normal&quot; weight range.) Have been taking 10 mgs of Belviq 2x a day for the 2 1/2 weeks. 
The first day and a half, my stomach was a bit unsettled. And sometimes I feel a little fuzzy headed - but not terribly so. Now, the only thing that I experience is sleeping longer than I usually do. And - this is not a bad thing - but I sleep much better than I have for a long, long time. 
I feel like the medication is definitely taking the edge off of my hunger. While I don&#039;t &quot;forget to eat&quot; I am certainly satisfied with eating much less. Probably 1/3 to 1/2 as much. And, so far, I have a lot more will power saying &quot;no&quot; to things that I usually wouldn&#039;t pass by. 3# down!"
"It&#039;s working well so far.  it did take a week to get into my system."
"I wish they would do research into why this drug works so well. It should not be 5th line treatment as it is a very potent anti-anxiety medication that works in days not weeks. It did however, totally mess with my sleep cycle. I&#039;m sleepy at 1PM and I don&#039;t sleep well at night (The drug makes me restless). This is the only Anti-Depressant that has helped my anxiety. I did have one bad reaction from eating slightly off chicken (Panic attack/Heart pounding). I take 30mgs daily. Important to spread dose over the day to avoid the peaks and troughs of energy levels (It seems most effective when taken all at once though)."
"Had an endoscopy and colonoscopy this morning (26/6/16) and took the movieprep yesterday as part of the process.
I actually found it acceptable ( miles better than a barium meal) but was helped I think by these factors which I certainly think would help others.
1) i didnt eat at all the day before I took the movieprep( 2 days before the colonoscopy)
2) I took the movieprep at home in a quiet environment under my own steam
3) i made the movieprep 2 hours before drinking and placed it in the fridge to chill before drinking over the following 2 hours
4) i used a straw to drink the movieprep
5) I heavily flavoured the drink with lime juice

Good luck if you go through this process but I found it better than expected"
"DO NOT STOP taking this because you feel better. Husband been on this three years felt better stopped taking and passed out on the kitchen floor ended up in hospital did not remember not taking this so after a crap load of test and thousands of dollars it came down to the fact he stopped taking celexa and was detoxing to not try this scared the crap out of both of us. I thought I was going to have. To commit him to a mental hospital"
"I&#039;ve had bulimia for 10 years. I just went on 20mg due to depression (extremely tired, not able to get out of bed, no energy/motivation etc.). I also experienced a noticeable increase in binging/purging during this time in an attempt to deal with the dysphoria and insomnia. I&#039;ve only been on the medication 3 days, but oh my god. I&#039;m not thinking about food all day long. My cravings are gone, my appetite is &quot;normal&quot;. I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m constantly fighting that irresistible urge to binge. I have been getting tired during the day and will probably switch to taking it at night. Also have zero libido, which I like because its easier to focus. It also basically cured my &quot;ADD&quot; and I don&#039;t have to chug coffee all day to finish school work."
"I&#039;m 27.. have suffered from chronic constipation for almost 12 years now. Was diagnosed 6 years ago. Went through total hell and back when I was diagnosed. Over the past four years I went from taking 2 capfuls of Miralax to 6...daily. My whole life revolves around my stomach issue. I&#039;m on my 3rd day of Linzess... have already cut my dosage of Miralax over half. Hope to be totally off it of it soon. So far Linzess is the answer to my prayers. Anyone looking for an alternative should definitely give it a try. Bowel movements are loose but always are.. nothing new. They do come on quick within a couple of hours of taking the medication.. be close to a bathroom to see how it affects you. Super happy about Linzess!"
"I had unprotected sex and I took the pill 30 hours later. I felt a bit drowsy within the first few hours, however over the next two weeks I experienced cramping. The cramps were really bad.10 days after taking the pill my breasts completely swelled. My nipples were always hard and the pain was unbearable. I was convinced I was pregnant. The cramps continued and I was experiencing back pain. Then the pain in my breasts finally began to subside and I got my period the next day, exactly when I was supposed to. It was a little bit heavier than usual but I&#039;ve never been happier to be on my period. The pill messes up your body due to increase of hormones. I&#039;ve read it makes you feel exactly as pregnant women do so don&#039;t panic over the symptoms!"
"I&#039;d had sciatica for 6 weeks before doctor prescribe naproxen 250mg twice a day have been taking for two weeks cant say much relief for things like walking but a little for when at rest and can now at least sleep on affected side"
"I&#039;ve been on this med for a while now. The first month was really hard, I didn&#039;t see any changes. In fact I felt as bad or worse than before , But by the second month  I started to feel better. For me I&#039;ve noticed that if I take it during the day I have a headache feel fatigued and nauseas and sometimes hot too. So I make sure to take it at night before bed. There are two things I don&#039;t care for about this med though: the cost and the weight gain!"
"I have been suffering with severe diarrhea due to Lymphocytic Colitis for 2 years.  Have taken many different prescriptions for it with no help.  Entocort was prescribed to me 10 days ago and I feel terrific!  The diarrhea and cramping has stopped.  I really feel great.  For the first 4 days I did have a moderate headache, but that has gone.  The only side effect I have now is some mild ache on my face.  For me, Entocort has given me my life back."
"Started taking Buspar 15mg 2 times a day about a month ago and I will be honest, at first I hated it! I almost quit taking it! The first week it seemed as if it was making my anxiety worse. My chest was pounding and could not sleep at all! I decided to stick with it and I&#039;m glad I did because all of that is gone now. I mainly had issues with social phobia, and I have noticed I am getting better in social situations. The only thing is every now and then I feel a little dizzy for about 20 minutes after taking it but that&#039;s it! It doesn&#039;t take anxiety away, but helps you deal with it and better rationalize things."
"I&#039;ve been taking Seroquel in combination with the highest dose of antidepressant possible for over a year now and find it fantastic for sleep at night and it does calm me to an extent. However I do have violent outbursts regularly and sometimes experience extremely sore calf muscles especially first thing in the morning."
"I started taking Singulair about 10 years ago when it was fairly new. It changed my life, I am not aware of side effects, but I NEVER WHEEZE! It is the best drug over and I would recommend if you use your albuterol inhaler more than twice a week, take this medicine! I was using my rescue inhaler almost daily, now I NEVER use them, I keep one on hand, but I throw it out annually and get a replacement so I always have a fresh one, just in case."
"My problem is leg cramps at night.  Used all sorts of homeopathic recommendations. Nothing worked.  Now I&#039;m on cyclobenzaprine 10mg.  I take 1 about 1-1/2 hours before going to sleep.  Now I don&#039;t wake up from leg cramps, have an undisturbed night&#039;s sleep and wake up rested and alert.  Great stuff."
"I find this drug to be great for muscle spasm. It helps me greatly for tension headaches."
"Really not sure why my urologist gave me samples of this drug since my prostate was normal for my age and my PSA was normal. I was not having issues peeing just some discomfort. Anyway, I tried the pills for four days. Nothing changed because I was still up 2-3 times per night like I have for years. But.....the side effects were immediate. Stuffy head, headaches and no ejaculate. Not a drop. Freaked me out. Erection was not as strong and the &quot;climax&quot; took longer to reach and was literally a split second. If you still enjoy sex steer clear of this drug. I&#039;m am stopping immediately and will not return to that doctor. As far as I&#039;m concerned I paid $200 for nothing ."
"Okay so the incident happened on April 6th around 1 p.m (I was also on ovulation). The next day (April 7th) around 11 a.m. I took the pill. About a week later (April 13th) I started spotting, it was very light at first then it gradually got heavier, it was like a light period and it stopped on April 18th. I was so worried because my actual period was due April 24t, I miss it so I waited and waited and was going to test but I was too nervous to do it because I wasn&#039;t ready for a child yet. So I waited more and finally my period came on May 17th along with strong cramps.
My advice for the ladies that have taken this pill, don&#039;t stress, it will delay your period even longer."
"I am a 25 year old female who has battled chronic idiopathic urticaria since age 2. My hives come and go every few years sometimes 2years sometimes 3years. The older I have gotten the worse they are when they come back... Last batch lasting 7months. 7 full months of 24/7 full body hives. Throughout my course of treatment I have had steroids all the way to kidney rejection drugs. NOTHING WORKED!!!! When my doctor suggested we try xolair I was sceptical. I recieve 2 shots every 4wks. This medication has changed my life. Do I still get hives on occasion YES! But they are so frequent. Xolair is here to manage your condition not cure it. Good luck to all of you!"
"I got diagnosis very early, within 7 days after getting infected.
Decided to start therapy right away.
Before taking triumeq: 10.000.000 viral load (they explained as I really early got diagnosed this number can be very high first 1-2-3 months). CD4 - 520.
After 1,5 month of taking triumeq: viral load: 50 (just 50!!!!) and CD4 - 819.

I had and having sometimes some light side effects: feeling tired/sleepy, nausea (when taking on empty stomach), some problem with skin (acne).
With a time it&#039;s getting better and now I experience side effects very seldom.
I&#039;m glad this medicine works well for me and seems like my body get used to it."
"I started latuda after being on abilify since 2004. I was taken off abilify because I began vomiting every day and had severe rashes after being on the drug for about twelve years. Latuda is HORRIBLE! Mind you, I haven&#039;t actually had a serious psychiatrist sit down and actually understand my symptoms or who I am in about five years... seems as if that is non existent in my region or something now? I developed severe migraines on latuda, and have had more frequent seizures on this medication. The doctor I have seen ONE time this entire year doesn&#039;t want to work with me even though he even noticed I am extremely agitated and annoyed ALL the time on this medication. I used to be very calm and easy going; however, now everything irritates me."
"I have been taking contrive since August 18th and today is December 4th and I have have had great success. If you feel a little funny for the first week or two it is totally normal. Just a tiny bity jittery and a little constipation at first. It is all gone now. I originally started at 305 pounds and was able to get down to 275 pounds on my own. It took me a long time to loose my first 30 pounds, 6 months to be precise, I began to get discouraged. After talking to my doctor he thought I would do well on contrave. With contrive I have lost 40 pounds in less then 4 months. I don&#039;t have any side effects and I feel great! This medicine is changing my life and I am so grateful to have found it!"
"Wow, many of your reviews are very helpful. I am a vibrant, healthy &amp; semi-athletic post-menopausal female. I ignored symptoms which were later diagnosed as CTI; acute abdomen pressure, urge to urinate every few minutes with pulsing and finally, bloody urine. Cipro worked for me within the 1st 24 hrs ...500 mg 2x p/day for 5 days... No side effects, only relief..."
"I have been using Benlysta since April and it is doing wonders for me. Some mornings I tried but couldn&#039;t get out of bed but not any more. I sleep well and have energy. My only problem is the weight gain. I started with every two weeks for 2 months and then once a  month. When I just started the medication I used to feel a funny feeling in my mouth, not anymore."
"I have been on paxil for almost a year now for anxiety. It works most of the time. I do not have hard core panic attack anymore. My only gripe is if I miss a day I have crazy brain fuzz,  I seem to eat more, and I do not really care about anything."
"This shot is only given at a medical facility urgent clinic or hospital wait time after given is approximately 20 minutes to make sure there&#039;s no allergic reaction ... Within a few hours my cough was slowed down"
"I took the first dose on a Friday after work.  That night I was awake all night with terrible leg cramps and an odd cramp in my midriff.  I took the second dose earlier in the afternoon the next day.  The cramp in my midriff returned.  I called the hospital where my doctor practices and the nurse practitioner from her office called me back.  She advised me not to take the Lasix anymore and to go to the ER if the cramping came back tonight.  My ankle is nearly normal size, but I am not sure it was worth it."
"Awesome medication. I used to smoke 2 1/2 packs a day and quit perfectly without any slips. Great patch."
"Girls! I am here to share my experience to ease some of you out of freaking out! I have severe anxiety and panic disorder so imagine what a mess I was thinking I was pregnant - I did not get pregnant!
Here we go: I am a 20 year old girl who would&#039;ve been paralyzed if she found out she was pregnant. I would&#039;ve had to get an abortion, which is not what I want, but neither is having a kid right now. Long story short: had unprotected sex, got scared. Took plan B 16 hours later. I was mortified with the waiting. I ended up getting my period 5 days late (I was expecting weeks late) but it is here (and heavy). Girls, you will be okay. I promise you this works. I&#039;ve used it about 5 times now (within 5 years). It works! Just try to keep calm. "
"I used prozac in the past for 3-9 months twice and had no side effects apart from some headache for a few weeks. Now I have been on it again for 3 weeks and this time I am suffering SEVERE side effects. Physical ones include heavy fogginess/head pressure, sleeplessness, muscle tension, blurred vision and loss of appetite and weight loss. Mentally I have also worsened. Anxiety is really high, especially in the mornings, feelings of hopelessness an inability to cope with life, suicidal thoughts (that I never really had before), inability to focus/read and feel motivated. Now at 3 weeks I have some moments in the afternoon of feeling calmer but it is rather unpleasant numbness. I hope it improves going forward, but it has been very tough."
"1st time onset of cervical pain with upper extremity radiculopathy.  Steroid taper did not help, Norflex did not help, Relafen did not help.  Skelaxin, wow, 2 doses in and the pain is virtually gone.  I also received a tramadol prescription but will likely not need it."
"I have been on this medicine for almost 3 weeks and still have a lot of back pain. I am disabled from pain however and also have neuropathy in both feet from my back conditions. I also suffer from fibromyalgia.50 mg x3 per day is my dosage along with gabapentin 300mg x3 daily."
"I want to start off by saying that this birth control does what its supposed to do, I have been on it for the last five years and not one pregnancy scare and that is without any caution being used. ( I&#039;m married lol ) BUT!! Over the past five years this birth control has made my life crazy. I&#039;ve never been an emotional person and I am so emotional and take everything to heart. I feel so bad for my husband but dang he is a trooper lol I&#039;ve  always kind of had acne but it&#039;s been worse since I&#039;ve been on it. I have gained 40 lb but I am 5&quot;11 and weighing in at 170 is a healthy weight for me when I&#039;m at the point where I want to lose weight and I&#039;m not able to. It&#039;s horrible. Everyone is different but that is my experience :)"
"I had really bad cramps. I tried several things, and nothing seem to work. When I get them bad I have  to miss school and just lay in my bed with  back pain, headache, barf etc. So I had enough and decided to go to the doctors. My doctors prescribe me for naproxen. On the day of my cycle I took the pill and in about 30 minutes I was pain free. I took a nap and it felt like I didn&#039;t even have my period! I definitely recommend this, I am very pleased and this will be my go to every month. but remember, what works for me doesn&#039;t work for all."
"I have been using Benzaclin along with antibiotics prescribed by my doctor for almost a week now. My face has cleared up so much and I am so thankful for this product. I use it twice a day and although my sensitive skin burns like crazy and gets a little red. It&#039;s worth it because I can see dramatic results. The burning gets a little better each time I put it on, I&#039;m sure it&#039;s just cleaning out my pores. I would recommend this product to anyone with acne."
"I have severe chronic insomnia associated with FM/CFS. I have been unable to fall asleep or stay asleep for nearly 10 years. Tried many other medicines for sleep that didn&#039;t work or had unacceptable side effects. Sonata served me well for 5 years. Was taking 10 mg to get to sleep and then another 10mg to get back to sleep during the night. Our health insurer changed and they will only pay for 1 pill per night. My health and quality of life has deteriorated."
"Excellent for use to help prevent anxiety attacks before they get way out of hand. Having been through a rehab system 10 years ago I am EXTREMELY cautions about taking these. What&#039;s not clear is how quickly physical dependence forms, and how brutally hard the detox can be. Along with alcohol, these or any other benzos are one of the only detoxes you can die from, and the detox is brutal for lack of a better word.

Having said that, for irregular use so long as control is present without denial, these work terrific to quell an  anxiety attack thats building. Just please do not ignore the dangers of even daily use for a couple weeks or you&#039;ll be sending yourself down a hole that will redefine what you knew about anxiety and feeling bad"
"Worked great for my 13 year old w schizoaffective disorder for 8 months, the only side effect was vomiting a few min after taking it at times. Zantac seemed to help for a while, but the vomiting became more frequent so ultimately he had to come off of it. It seemed to work well though with no restlessness, akasthesia, or any other side effects. He took it with lithium, so it might have been the combination that was too much for his stomach."
"I took my first dose a week ago.  Within days I started to see improvement.  I have psoriasis all over.  Some smaller spots, some larger than a softball.  Now at a week, my thickest plaques are almost gone.  I still have discoloration at the sites, but no plaques.  I&#039;ve been on raptiva, which worked very well until they took it off the market.  I&#039;ve been on humara, stelara, just about all the topicals you could name, and most recently embrel for the last few years.  I really can&#039;t believe how quickly this cleared my skin.  The only thing that gave me this type of result was cyclosporine and that took over a month tip get this clear.  I&#039;ll admit that the auto inject was not the most pleasant feeling and I typically use a prefilled syringe."
"Absolutely terrible. I had such bad side effects that I ended up back in the Psychiatric emergency room because I was having constant panic attacks from it. As soon as I was taken off the medication and switched to a different one, they stopped. They re-occur if I try taking the medication again, even once. It didn&#039;t even affect my schizophrenia symptoms."
"I started trulicity 3 weeks ago and have had no side effects at all a little nausea the first week but that is it my sugars always been double figures now they stay between the 4-7 mark i&#039;ve lost 11lbs and feel best I have in a long time I was afraid reading these reviews and put off taking this  two weeks after I collected it at the chemist I was that afraid lol my daughter talked me into giving it a go and Im so glad I did I have energy again and Im sleeping much better give it a go might just be what you need and everyone is different good luck!!"
"I took dulolax at midnight &amp; got rudely awoken at 6am with the worst cramps &amp; urge to go to the toilet, it was a horrific experience I&#039;ve never felt so ill going to the toilet, it was like chocolate milk yuck!! I think my body was in pure shock as it took me 2 days to recover, I lost my appetite &amp; slept a whole after my bowels had been emptied."
"I was recently diagnosed at age 24 with Bipolar disorder (some paranoid features) co-morbid with Asperger&#039;s disorder. I have woken up in the morning all my life in an absolute rage, and my Bipolar has affected my life in more ways than I care to mention. I wish I would&#039;ve known about my mental illness sooner- I thought everyone felt like I did. I have been on this medicine for a week, and for once in my life I wake up in a good mood, I stay in a good mood during the day, and am generally happy. I am extremely productive instead of either too manic or too depressed to function. The only bad thing is the akathesia, but worth it."
"I was recently perscribed Seroquel, and I can tell the difference already with my bipolar. However it made me so drowsy and lethargic that I can only take it at night. It has helped me think more clearly and has lessened my manic and depressive episodes to where I feel almost &quot;normal&quot; again."
"This is my first time using birth control pills, and it was for 2 reasons: preventing pregnancy and reducing forehead acne that always worsened around ovulation. 
I&#039;ve been taking Tricira Lo (generic brand) for the past 7 1/2 weeks. 
Initially, I found myself more tearful, but that settled down after 4 weeks. I had one instance of a headache &amp; nausea during the first 4 weeks; haven&#039;t experienced either since.
There&#039;s been ~5lb weight gain and some increase in breast size (not by a full cup though). 
I haven&#039;t noticed a significant difference in my forehead acne. It&#039;s still an issue for me, especially during the 3rd &amp; 4th (placebo) weeks of the pack. I think this may be because hormonal acne more often presents on the cheeks/chin."
"I don&#039;t have bad acne but I get cystic acne on my chin from hormones that last weeks! This is the only cream that made my skin close to perfect after a few months I didn&#039;t know it was the cream until I ran out and my acne came back, I need to get a new bottle ASAP!"
"Birth control pills affected my mood (I tried many different kinds and all of them made me well up to 7 days into my cycle) and my lifestyle (100 hr a week finance job with high travel) made taking the pill regularly very difficult (I&#039;d sneak out of afternoon meetings to take them because that was the only time I knew I&#039;d definitely be up).  Nuvaring turned out to be the BEST solution out there. I can put it in once and forget about it, and its low dose means no more mood swings from birth control! My boyfriend doesn&#039;t feel a thing either. At first I was worried about putting it in and taking it out but it turned out to be painless - reminded me of getting used to putting in contact lenses."
"I&#039;ve had Kyleena for the past six months, and originally got it because I was bleeding or had some sort of darker discharge for 6 months straight previous to getting it inserted. Since then, it has regulated my period, which in fact has never been regular, and now I have an idea of when I&#039;m going to start bleeding every month. Although it does give me some pretty awful cramps just before I&#039;m going to start my period, that&#039;s nothing a little Advil and heat won&#039;t fix. I did notice that I got a little more acne on the chin since I got Kyleena inserted, but it&#039;s totally worth the fact that I have a regular light period now, and don&#039;t have to worry about having unwanted babies!"
"I have fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis, chronic pain syndrome. I have been on limbrel 500 caps for two months it&#039;s working great, and has reduced my pain level from 9-10 to 5, some days 4 or lower. Before limbrel I was on Opiods, and different strong pain medicines with dangerous side effects. Limbrel doesn&#039;t have any sides effects it&#039;s made from food products, my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it but I use manufacturer coupon from my doctors office, and pay just $50 for a month supply"
"Azor user for 7 years, maybe 8...sky high blood pressure that comes from a long family lineage. Was on 10/20 mg. for most of the time, now on 5/20 - I usually maintain a 105/68 - 120/70 with a pulse that rarely goes above 65. I can&#039;t say enough about this medication, I went from a red faced angry fool to being a pussy cat. On my very worst days - intense stress or pain I&#039;ll max at 130/90 but that&#039;s about 3-5 times a year.  I don&#039;t do the generic, I&#039;m loyal to the Azor brand - it has a certain smell that the generic doesn&#039;t, crazy or not I got used to the smell. You&#039;d have to take both to understand...nonetheless the one month I went generic my blood pressure was spotty."
"I was diagnosed by my GP with postpartum depression/anxiety in September 2016 when my daughter was 10 months old. I started seeing a psychologist weekly and taking medication from the beginning of 2017. I have been taking a 10mg dose of Lovan (Prozac) each day for approximately 8 weeks now and over the past week I have noticed a big difference in my mental health. Sure, I still get those feelings of sadness from time to time, but not as frequently as I was. Prior to these past 8 weeks I was having thoughts of not wanting to be here anymore, and recently these thoughts are no longer haunting me. I hope to God I am only going to improve from here on in. My advice is, give the medication time to work! I am SO thankful I pushed through the bad days."
"I only took it once before bed. Don&#039;t remember the dosage. Woke up later sweating, heart racing, confused. I even called an ambulance. Took it as an adjunct for depression. Had the same experience with seroquel, another atypical antipsychotic. Just no good for me."
"Only gave LInzess an 8 because just don&#039;t know yet - it&#039;s too early to give it an educated rating.  I have taken Linzess only twice.  I took it last Friday and I went to the bathroom for 3-4 hours.  It was like a colonoscopy prep.  I fasted on Saturday (as I do twice a week) so I didn&#039;t take one.  Sunday I went to a Christmas party and was afraid to take one.  Monday I had workers here working in and around the bathrooms so I didn&#039;t take one.  Finally, yesterday I took one yesterday and I experienced cramps and small hard stools several times that came out like an explosion.  Not going to give up yet.  Going to take another today.  If I have to stay home for a few days and condition myself I will do it.  Have had constipation all my life."
"I just recently started Lutera. I love it. I&#039;ve been through so many other birth controls. I&#039;ve had no serious side effect occasionally I&#039;ll get a tad moody but overall I&#039;m absolutely satisfied no pregnancy&#039;s and I&#039;m losing weight. Great."
"Have been using Fentanyl for over 3 years now, and wonder what kind of shape I would be in if I hadn&#039;t been offered this medicine. It is definitely working for me and I am so glad I was a candidate for it."
"I was suffering panic attacks, anxiety, depression and irritable bowel syndrome. I started on half a 75 mg for two weeks and then full tablet. 
The side effects were a bit of a challenge some days but the up side was I had good days very early into taking.
I started them four weeks ago and panic attacks are gone, minimal anxiety now and depression lifted considerably, also no more IBS.
one thing that no tablet cannot do is change how you think.  
I am very, very blessed!"
"I have been on somas for 5 years for my back spasms. There are the only thing that I have found that works for me. I tried many other muscle relaxants and none worked. I do physical work and they make it easier to move around."
"I am on day 3 of this pill. I&rsquo;m taking the 2 times a day for 7 days. And let me tell you, it it horrible! I woke at 4:30 am to extremely painful stomach pains. It was worse than my contractions from labor. It was diarrhea. I was sitting on the toilet in so much pain thinking that I was about to die. I was ready to throw up EVERYWHERE, I was in so much pain. My whole body started sweating so I had to take my clothes off. It was the worst pain I&rsquo;ve ever felt! After the stomach pains subsided I felt ice cold everywhere! I don&rsquo;t know if that&rsquo;s normal but I&rsquo;m not exaggerating when I tell you that stuff was painful!!!! I will never take this drug again and along with that I&rsquo;ve had nausea and very bad headaches. I feel like poop."
"This medicine has simply given me my life back."
"I read so many reviews about how painful insertion would be, and I got myself really worked up and was very nervous when I went to see my doctor. I&#039;m happy to say that is wasn&#039;t in the littlest bit painful. I am 26 and do not children. Granted I have really bad cramps when I get my period, which is part of the reason I needed birth control. But there was no pain, no pinch, nothing. I felt like I was having a MILD period cramp, for about 30 seconds, and then I felt completely fine. No cramping or pain at all afterwards. I took 800mg of ibuprofen about 30 minutes before, and I think that helped a lot. I would rate it about 2/10 on a pain scale, and the &quot;pain&quot; is pressure and mild cramping"
"I took Plan-B after having unprotected sex right after my period ended. He got it for me to ease both our minds. Within a week of taking the pill, I had some side effects, like headaches and dizziness. After 7 days I received an early period. It was painful, and I had bad cramps. I was worried at first because I had just had my period, but Plan-B and you guys reviews all said bleeding and irregular periods were a common system. It really worked! So no worries if this happens to you! I will suggest no intercourse until you get your next period just in case, and a pregnancy test to ease your mind."
"I have now been on citalopram for over 6 weeks. I was started on 10mg for 5 days and then upped to 20mg for depression and generalised anxiety disorder caused by intense work stress for the past eighteen months.


I found that in the first week I had minimal side effects except dry mouth and slight sleepiness. Now I have no symptoms at all and have had no issues with citalopram. At the 3-4 week mark my common feelings of dread and waves of anxiety and sadness seemed to reduce without me noticing it was happening. Now at the 6 week mark I feel... Normal. I don&#039;t feel overly happy, just normal. It&#039;s an odd feeling as it is now hard to remember how bad I felt and why I sought help in the first place.

I would recommend citalopram to anyone!"
"My current dosage to treat ADHD and depression is 37 mg slow release twice daily, morning and noon.
Although the medicine does not completely relieve my ADD behavior (distraction, sillyness, loud speaking, impulsive acts, lack of sustained focus, poor listening skills) it does permit my mind to focus better and to self regulate my actions. I am also doing therapy and my wife spends a great deal of her considerable intelligence and thoughtfulness to improving my mental health and in consequence, our married life.
The medication certainly helps to motivate for work, meeting and talking with people, and generally feeling a sense of my ability to function."
"I started taking the pill last month and for starters I am 26. I know that it takes a while for you body to adjust to the pill but I am on my second week of my menstrual cycle which is waaayyy to long for starters, I&#039;ve gotten a bit more acne breakouts and I have noticed that, with my mood I have become more sensitive to things that usually don&#039;t bother me. I was taking this pill primarily to help regulate periods but like I said 2 weeks of a flow when I only usually last 7 days max makes me reconsider continuing with this pill."
"This medication is wonderful. I used to call it my happiness pill. I was deep on a major depressive episode. I couldn&#039;t get off bed, crying all the time, no energy or even willing to go on.  I must admit first days on this medication were really bad. I wanted to quit it. I had like jaw tremors and continuous yawning and my face made weird expressions on the first few days. But after that was just awesome. I felt happy all the time no matter what. I lost 30 pounds like in 6 months. So I felt amazing.The  bad part was  I couldn&#039;t have an orgasm. and libido was down because of that. I got changed to wellbutrin but miss sertraline so much."
"My son had severe acute psychosis and possible diagnosis of schizophrenia at age 17.  Risperdal (Risperidone) brought him back to his normal self, for the most part.  He has put on weight (2 trouser sizes bigger) and he is inclined to rock back and forth a little, when seated.  He is slightly less motivated and says he doesn&#039;t retain information as he used to at school.  This may be improved by adjusting the dose.  But this medicine gave me my son back and seems well-tolerated by him.  The psychosis is completely gone."
"I was just like all of you guys all scared saying what should I do if it doesn&#039;t work? How am I gonna tell my parents?.  The day I needed plan b one step it had worked. That day me and my girlfriend had unprotected sex and I came inside of her. We took the drug within 30 minutes and ate something with it because it will give you nausea if you don&#039;t. The pill worked and it wasn&#039;t the 1st time it ever did. You guys are going to be fine I guarantee you just take it within the 1st 24 hours"
"I really like it. I&#039;m finishing up my second month next week, but I will be switching back to a pill because the adhesive from the patch makes me itch all week then when I take it off theres a big red rash where it was. I was fatigued for the first two weeks, but haven&#039;t had side effects since. I&#039;m sad that the adhesive doesn&#039;t work for me, otherwise I&#039;d keep it."
"I have been on Lamictal for 7 years and have not had any seizures.  My seizures were caused by scar tissue from having a brain tumor removed.  I started on Dilantin but the side effects were so bad I couldn&#039;t work so my neurologist started me on Lamictal. I didn&#039;t lose weight but I am frequently dizzy and definitely have cognitive and memory issues. I find I have to focus on tasks and don&#039;t multi-task effectively anymore. I wouldn&#039;t give this medicine up because it controls my seizures.  I&#039;m fortunate that my medical plan covers brand name but I have to pay more."
"It took me awhile to see real results while on Claravis, I even stopped taking it for about 2 weeks at one point because the side effects were too much to handle. The dry/peeling skin resulted in a lot of scarring, and it was extremely difficult to get used to. However, by the 3rd month I had developed a good moisturizing routine that really helped to keep my skin looking healthy. It took a lot longer than I had originally expected, and it took a lot of patience, but I am a week into my 4th month on Claravis and have been acne free for a few weeks now. My dermatologist is saying I may not even need to go the full 6 months because of my great progress. So if you are considering this mediciation for your acne, just be very patient."
"I had Implanon inserted in August 2010.  I&#039;ve been pretty impressed.  I was horrible at taking the pill (didn&#039;t always happen every day, much less at the same time) so just the fact that I don&#039;t have to remember anything for three is enough right there!  I usually have my period for a couple of days every other month; I usually don&#039;t know when it is coming which is annoying, but it&#039;s always light so not too much trouble.  I haven&#039;t had any weight gain but my breasts have gotten a bit smaller.  No unusual mood swings either.  I would recommend Implanon to anyone who wants a no-hassle birth-control method.  Oh, also, Implanon was only $45 for the copay and device."
"I take Bentyl for irritable bowel syndrome flare ups and it does work for me. I would suggest taking it at night before bed or make sure your home because it can cause drowsiness and dizziness and dry mouth. This is an anti spasmodic. Also known as a muscle relaxer. So be careful when taking this. It really does work wonders."
"It took about 5 weeks to start working completely. My gynecologist told me to not give up. After 3 weeks I was still getting hot flashes daily. I continued as prescribed and Zero hot flashes!! No side effects. One year using"
"Having been taken to the hospital for an arythemia, doctor prescribed many drugs including this one. Taking it since March 8,2016 and am always tired, no desire to do anything and am in bed by 8pm. I only take 2.5mg. Doctor says I&#039;m doing well but have to contact him."
"53 yr female, started using Detrol LA 4 mg approximately 2.5 yrs ago. Also tried Enablex and Vesicare.  Insurance company dropped Enablex and now is dropping Detrol.  Main side-effects are constipation, headache, dry mouth.  Headache goes away after a few days.  Have gradually decreased dosage to 1/2 capsule daily, then 1/2 capsule 2-3x per week. This has relieved side-effects and am still pain-free.  Hoping to get off medication entirely eventually."
"Made me super sick. This was my first time trying it, I took the prescribed dose, and I&#039;ve been trembling out of my skin for the last hour. My blood pressure is through the roof and my heart rate is 141 bpm right now. I&#039;m also nauseous and would be at the emergency room right now if not so terrified I&#039;d crash my car if I tried to drive."
"After putting this cream on my face once a day just before bed for 3 months my rosacea has completely gone. Within two weeks the pustules had disappeared completely leaving only redness. At week 4 the rosacea returned for one week and then disappeared again. At month 3 I stopped using the cream and have been completely rosacea free for over a year. The redness is also almost completely gone now and my complexion is only slightly pink with no rough skin or bumps. 

Before this I tried  3 different oral antibiotics, finacea, metrogel, rosex, nicotine acid as well as over the counter pharmacist redness reduction creams. None of these helped until I was given soolantra."
"I pleasantly surprised! Have been sleeping well. About 8 hours or so. No hangover in the morning which is good. I take it maybe a few times per week. My doctor said that&#039;s okay since no addictive potential."
"I am a chronic worrier. I wake up in the morning worrying about something. My doctor prescribed Alprazolam about 3 years ago, up to 2 x 0.5 mg tablets a day as needed. I do not like to take medication, but Alprazolam takes the heaviness out of my chest and breathing is easier, and I feel relaxed. It is amazing. No side effects. It helps me at work if I have meetings, or have to talk in front of a group. I wish I did not need it, but thank God it is there at this time. 10 out of 10."
"I have never in my life felt that helpless! Extreme pain, nausea, and felt faint. Don&#039;t take this if you are home alone. I was throwing up and having the runs at the same time! Barely had the energy to call my husbands name for help. He got me a cold rag and a water! I couldn&#039;t have gotten it myself it was that horrific! But it defintely relieves constipation! It&#039;s 100% going to clean your guts out! I took 2."
"It helps tremendously"
"I&#039;ve been taking Phenergan for years now. It&#039;s a miracle medicine. I tried Zofran and it didn&#039;t work at all, in fact it made me get sicker. I suffer from extreme vomiting in all of my pregnancies. My dr. prescribed Phenergan to me and I&#039;m so thankful for that. I LOVE this medicine."
"I had colorectal cancer at age 29 and have had several colonoscopies. I always drank the Golytely and it worked like a charm! I was prescribed this Prepopik and NOTHING happened. I had one small BM and had to reschedule my procedure. Waste of my time and money! Next time I will poor lemonade mix in my Golytely to have a successful cleanse. I will never use Prepopik again!"
"Well I usually get cold sores around winter, or whenever I actually do have a cold. The last one was random. I brought Abreva after my cold sore formed. It didn&#039;t work alone. I googled home remedies and tried three others (ice,milk, and toothpaste.) with all four in constant use I started to see it shrink. I don&#039;t think its worth the money."
"Used this for a few months as recommended to prevent my frequent and painful migraines that I&#039;ve had since I was 12. 
Depakote was okay I guess. I still had two major migraines while on it, and didn&#039;t give it any extra time because the side effects are awful! I wanted to sleep constantly. Felt depressed and irritable, and hated life! Plus, the weight gain alone I experienced in a couple months was absolutely enough reason for me to not want to be on it anymore.... I gained about 15-20 lbs!"
"I&#039;m a 42 year old African American who has been diagnosed with Lupus for 16 years.  I&#039;ve been taking Benlysta for one year now and notice a big difference in my body.  I have more energy before taking the medicine I suffered greatly from fatigue.  I feel little to no joint or muscular pain, before the medicine I suffered from severe inflammation and swelling in my joints and could hardly walk some days.  I now jog on my treadmill, go to Zumba classes and workout at Curves.  The medicine has been a God send for me and I&#039;m so grateful for the opportunity to witness to this great invention.   The only downfall is my insurance will only cover 80% which leave me a hefty 800.00 balance each moth.  I&#039;m on disability and cannot afford this expense."
"I took Effexor for 10 years and found it highly effective controlling anxiety/panic attacks.  After deciding to stop [with Doctor&#039;s approval], I reduced my dosage gradually, and am discontinuing it.  Withdrawal has been rough - like the worst hangover - and I&#039;m into the 5th day but getting better.  However, my mood is still good compared to 10 years ago, and I would like to be medication-free.  Effexor allowed me to control my anxiety/moods through some tough times and through it, I learned new ways to deal with such.  I highly recommend it."
"21 years of age and I have been suffering with palmar hyperhidrosis from being in primary school. As I&#039;ve gotten older, it has spread to other parts of my body, which makes this condition even more embarrassing. After going to the doctors and being given Driclor (which does not work) and being told there is nothing else they can do, I gave up all hope and thought well, that&#039;s it, I&#039;m going to suffer with this forever. Until one day I decided to look deeper online and I found this website and read the reviews of Oxybutynin - I booked an appointment with my doctor straight away and asked him to prescribe this medication - 10 days after I&#039;m hyperhidrosis free. I still cry now, the sweating has stopped completely. Highly recommend!"
"I recently turned 51 yrs old and have been on Androgen for 2.5 months. Started at two pumps/day and T level went from 280 to 190. Increased dosage to 3 pumps for one month and level went up to 201. I am now applying 4 pumps/day and other than a slight increase in mood, see no results yet. I shower at night and have recently started to shower in the morning before applying the gel. Not sure if this will help. 
After reading so many positive results, I have to admit I am disappointed. "
"I started Ampyra five weeks ago. The first full day I was miserable with nausea but over the next few days the nausea lessened. Three weeks into taking it I realized that I wasn&#039;t tripping anymore and my right leg footdrop was all but gone. Now I&#039;m trying to strengthen my leg muscles and walking on the treadmill and riding the exercise bike everyday. I&#039;ve had RRMS for 17 years. Four years ago I was easily walking three miles a day without any problems, but over those last few years I was weakening, tripping, falling. I couldn&#039;t even walk a half mile. I was in a leg brace and using a cane frequently. Just seeing a set of stairs I was going to have to climb put me &quot;over the edge&quot;. Now I&#039;m going up the stairs and starting to walk much better."
"I was taking Clonazepam then my doc suggested Primapexole as it is non-habit forming.  It certainly took care of my restless legs but I woke up with headaches and went to sleep with headaches.  Indigestion was also a side effect, so much so that I was constantly very bloated and did not feel well for the month I took Primapexole.
The positives were that my RSL was non-existent and I did not feel tired in the am.  As a matter of fact, I was able to get up 2 hours earlier every day.  Don&#039;t know why that happened but it was nice to not feel so sleepy in the morning.  Now I&#039;m back on Clonazepam and I&#039;m not sure if I&#039;m that happy with it this time around.  Is there anything else to try??"
"First week seriously nauseous... dizzy. Stayed on it and stuck with it. Acne. Worse than I&#039;ve ever had. Long periods and cramps. Basically enhanced everything I didn&#039;t want it to. I&#039;d rather not be on anything. I&#039;ve stuck with it for two years but I can&#039;t handle the long periods, acne, hairy chest, and major weight gain. Like 20 pound weight gain. I work out and can&#039;t loose anything. Terrible headaches. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone."
"I have had my rod in for almost two years now and I got my period the first two months and nothing since that and it has been great not having to worry about getting pregnant and not getting my period every month. Although last month out of no where  I started bleeding lightly for a few days and I went to gp and he said its a 25% chance that woman that have the rod wouldn&#039;t get their period , he wasn&#039;t much help on my situation and told me to see how it goes the next couple of months. Since then I have had some really bad mood swings and period pain but no period. I&#039;ll wake up with really bad cramps or lower back pain and I feel I&#039;m emotionally weak sometimes and cry for literally nothing, its taken its toll I think I&#039;ll take it out soon!"
"I used this for preparation of my 1st Colonscopy. The taste was pretty decent, citrus taste.  Took 1st dose at 4pm with 40 oz of clear fluids, within 3 hours I was going a lot for a good hour. 2nd dose 10pm with 30 oz of clear fluids, within 1 hour was going again. Procedure was at 7:30am, doctor was pleased with how well I was cleaned out. Procedure went well. Note, follow Drs. and medicines directions. Do not eat heavy a couple days before, Stay hydrated before and during. I have recommended this to others since my procedure in September."
"Reduced pain in my C2 but caused nausea, sinus pain, runny nose, cough, when taking 100mg daily, and severely increased symptoms when dose increased to 200 mg daily for one day.  "
"For me it didn&#039;t work. I was always spotting and bleeding and having to wear protection for that everyday."
"Solodyn cleared up my ACNE within just a few days, minimal side effects. Cleared up my acne and made my skin actually STAY clear, I haven&#039;t had any acne for about a month"
"Like many others on here I was terrified of the &quot;prep&quot; phase. I had heard horror stories from so many people of being so ill and throwing up. I have a weak stomach and do not do well with things that taste disgusting. Well...I was pleasantly surprised. Just like everyone says...the taste is cherry seawater, but I used the advice on here and was able to get it down. Chilled it and put a lemonade packet in it. Much better! I also took a Zofran (anti-nausea pill) 2 hours before I started prep. Instead of &quot;chugging&quot; because I knew that would make me throw-up, I sipped through a straw and drank each dose over the course of 1/2 -1 hour. Then drank my water bottles. No cramping, nausea or horror stories here. Works like a charm and clears you out."
"Just got it inserted yesterday, it was probably the worst pain I have ever experienced.  I wasn&#039;t warned to take any pain prevention medication, so it was probably worse than normal. I have had pain and cramps all day. I was spotting before I got it inserted, and yesterday it got kind of worse but today it has lightened. I am hoping that it is not like the implanon where I had my period for a month at a time."
"I was originally in love with this prescription birth control.  I had terrible periods and ovarian cysts. My doctor suggested I have a pill that allows my period to only occur every 3 months, which I loved. It was until recently that I noticed that over the last 6 months, I&#039;ve gained 20 lbs!!! Going into spring 20 lbs heavier is crazy. I also experienced abdominal pain and menstration pain. I love the space between periods and but I don&#039;t love the weight. I will be switching back."
"Although the levaquin did help my pneumonia symptoms, the side effects were terrible! I discontinued after 6 days, but still have side effects 3 weeks later! Severe foot pain and muscle spasms and unusual bleeding and bruising along with thinning of the skin. I have purple blood spots all over and my skin will tear with the slightest nick. The pain was up one entire leg but started in my foot. My foot hurts 24 hours a day with a burning feeling that does not respond to massage therapy. Pain pills are only minimally effective. I would never take it again. Also causes insomnia."
"I started taking Suboxone (Bupe/Naloxone) 8mg strips 6 months ago, and now I am down to 4mg. Trust me when I tell you that this drug will save your life if you have an opiate addiction, but you must follow your doc&#039;s orders. I was snorting 5-10 30 mg oxycodone&#039;s (roxi&#039;s) a day, and heroin when desperate. Opiates ruined my life I lost EVERYTHING! Now I am back in college full-time, and got my life back. If you are dealing with opiate addiction do yourself a favor, and make an appointment with a Suboxone doctor, and seek out counseling. This drug works if taken responsibly."
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for a year now and at first things were going good, I only had a period once and never had one since but now I have super bad anxiety, I would constantly think I was pregnant, would waste my money on pregnancy test even though I am NOT pregnant and my depression was very bad and honestly , I really don&#039;t think it&#039;s worth it at all. I&#039;m getting it removed tomorrow and I most likely am going to have to be in therapy."
"Works great at getting rid of RLS, but causes rebound RLS after a few months of steady use.  Also doesn&#039;t affect RLS brought on or worsened by extreme tiredness or dehydration.  Rebound RLS is worse than before, and instead of having it a few times a week, RLS is constant after about 8pm, and rebound starts up in the very early AM.  It works well, but I started to have issues after several months."
"On day 1 second dose I feel horrible. Eases off a little then cramps up so bad this medicine is stupid I really hope it works if not I&#039;m going herbal."
"Within a week I noticed I had more energy to just get stuff done.  Tasks at work, hobbies, errands - I just have more energy to get out of bed and do stuff.  Then my shriveled up penis went back to it&#039;s normal soft 4 inches.  After another week or so, I was able to get my normal 8 inch erection again.  I don&#039;t know what guys did before this medicine was invented.  I would have had to get out a magnifying glass.  All of a sudden I now feel like I need to do something about the beer belly, and working out feels like it is worth the effort again.  Androgel is like the fountain of youth."
"Little to no side effects geno 3a 324,800 viral load undetected 4 weeks!  6 weeks left"
"The first day I used the pre filled applicator was quite painful. I burned and itched a lot down there. However, the second day didn&#039;t bother me at all. I&#039;m guessing that the second application didn&#039;t hurt so much because most of the infection was eliminated. I&#039;d use this product again."
"I love Lutera. I am very sensitive to other forms of birth control. Lutera has been one of the only kinds I can take. 
Pros: light periods, no cramping, no intense side effects, bigger boobs.
Cons: Brown periods, slight weight gain. 
I also tend to get a bit emotional 1 or 2 days before my period....however I am always an emotional person so this could just be me. I have been on Lutera for 6 years "
"Best thing for lower back pain when you pull a muscle."
"I got the shot because I thought that I was pregnant and when my doctor told me I wasn&#039;t she told me that I should get on the depo shot because my periods were always heavy. And my cramps were always bad. She told me that the depo shot would stop me from getting pregnant and would also stop me from getting period. So of course I agreed because not getting your periods is like a dream. It went well for about two weeks and then on November 23rd  came on my period at first it was light then the next few days it got very heavy and the cramps are even worse. I&#039;m still on my period and its been two weeks now. I&#039;ve gained weight and attitude has gotten worse. Me and my boyfriend argue almost everyday. and sex? who wants to have sex on their period"
"Got it inserted mid July 2015. Didn&#039;t have any problems or lasting pain at the insertion site. Healed quickly. Had my period when I got it, stopped 3 days later like normal. Didn&#039;t bleed again until mid Oct and that was only spotting over 2 days. Haven&#039;t bled again since (now January 4, 2016) 

My sex drive did dip low for about 2 months and I was moodier than normal but I knew and expected that based on researching before deciding on getting it, so my husband was prepared lol.

Most the time now I forget it&#039;s even in my arm and you can&#039;t even tell it&#039;s there unless you&#039;re feeling for it.

Its nice to not have to worry about taking a pill everyday, scheduling an appointment every 3 months for the shot or worring about an IUD shifting."
"Only side effect is dry mouth so far. Just starting on 2.4 dose this week"
"I &#039;ve had severe acid reflux for 15 years. tried every ppi out there. Several years ago I was prescribed Dexilant 60 mg once daily. I thought it worked very well. Then, adverse effects came in such as leg,hand and feet cramping. I developed headaches , and my magnesium level is at 0.5 critical at this point. I was hospitalized two days ago with severe muscle cramps in my back. thought it was kidney stones. I have not been able to move freely and my quality of life has changed dramatically. I have been prescribed Valium 40mg a day to be able to sleep and move around. If someone had told me that this drug would cause these effects in the future, I PROMISE you I would never have taken it to start. there is a dependency issue too."
"An excellent choice for bronchitis. My friend got relief within 24 hours."
"I have tried at least a dozen different psychiatric drugs, and Effexor XR works better for my depression than anything else has, and it does not make me at all manic. 

I also had a positive side effect it made me lose weight! I was very pleased."
"This drug completely ruined my life.  I started taking the drug when I was 12..till about 25. Everything I have done academically has been due to adderall. I have a degree in I/T and am working on a civil eng. masters degree. Don&#039;t get it confused, you can be fine for a year or even years on this drug..but it will catch up to you. After I quit taking itI  was back to a 12 year old academically and professional performance wise. It made my real ADHD 10x worse w/o the drug and gave me crippling anxiety. I quit taking it and developed a cocaine problem then a drinking problem that almost killed me. I attribute each of these addictions to being on legal speed for 13 years..It&#039;s speed - there is  no way around it."
"10 weeks pregnant and found out I had a bladder infection/urinary tract infection. Doctor first prescribed Macro. Those were the worst 3 days ever. I could not stop throwing up. The smell of food made me nauseous. I was weak and did not move from the bed for 3 day which is not like me at all. I am a very active person. I called the on-call doctor on Sunday night and she told me to stop taking Macro and to come in tomorrow to get the Rocephin shot. I have to say just from one day of being off Macro I already feel better but not 100%. I took the Rocephin shot and started to feel better little by little after 3 hours. I expected for the shot to hurt a lot. However, it only burned a little for a short period of time."
"I have been on Paxil for over 20 years.   I always hoped something better would come along, i.e., without side effects of weight gain and dry mouth.  I have most of my back teeth crowned and have lost a few and have implants.  It&#039;s a choice.  Nothing is benign, but I have found this is the only medication that I can tolerate, and it does help.  So, I guess I will stick it out and see.  Good medication, not so good side effects. "
"I&#039;ve had insomnia problems for nearly 20 years. At 27, I barely got 7 hours of sleep a week! Then my doctor prescribed Trazodone and I&#039;ve never looked back. Now I get 6 hours a night easy."
"I have been on this for 19 years, spray first and now tablets. The generics are not as good no matter what form or brand."
"I&#039;ve been on Bupropion 150 SR once a day for 8 days. So far I&#039;m only feeling side effects; dry mouth, sweating, jaw clenching. It has not lifted my depression or energized me. Celexa and Zoloft used to work for me but then slowly stopped working. I&#039;ll try to stick it out for a few more days. I was really hoping that this med would work for me. I feel that I may be drug-resistant to A/Ds. I also take 1 mg Klonopin to sleep and to lower anxiety."
"I&#039;ve been on adipex for 11 months now and I&#039;ve dropped 117 pounds! I didn&#039;t exercise only took the pill and cut out everything bad (even though it taste good, doesn&#039;t always make it healthy for you) eating wise. Sugar, flour, bread, pastas, FASTFOOD, and even eating after a certain time. I started eating healthy snacks every two hours, ( egg whites, cottage cheese, bag of steamers vegetables, lots of chicken, belvita snacks, carrots and peanut butter etc,and drinking lots of water! Do this and I promise you&#039;ll drop weight immediately."
"I&#039;ve been taking opioids for knee surgery and they are the worst for causing constipation.  Despite taking stool softeners, senna laxatives, drinking prune juice daily and a high fiber diet, I could not get anything more than a tiny pebble to come out, and that was after straining so hard I got dizzy.  My &#039;roids were freaking out.  

Enemas sort of worked but they were very painful and I never felt completely empty afterward.  Since I&#039;ll be on meds for a few weeks I can&#039;t rely on them as a solution.  

After about 5 days of rocks for guts I finally found some irritable bowel forums with people swearing by milk of magnesia. So my husband ran to the pharmacy for me.

About 18 hours later the sky opened up and the angels sang.  Such relief!"
"This drug merely gives a feel good factor and feeling of energy to do thinks that never happen. 
It is highly addictive . The withdrawal symptoms are awful and the NHS do not know how to treat patients withdrawing from this. It should be used at end of life or for in patients only."
"I started taking zoloft the other day. I only took 2 days worth and at first I just felt out of it and I heard that was common but then I started having even worse panic attacks and trouble sleeping. In the middle of the night the second night I starting having mild hallucinations. Things were moving and just looking weird and I had to wakeup my fianc"
"I come from a family where everyone has terrible migraines. When I started getting them at age 21, I resorted to taking loads of Tylenol with Pesudophedrine to &quot;mask&quot; the pain, which took a heavy toll on my liver.  Someone suggested that I look into the Triptan family of migraine medication. After going through a few different ones, I found Imitrex to be an absolute life-saver.  Whenever I feel one coming, I take 50mg and the migraine usually disappears within 30 minutes. If I wait a few hours to take it, the response time could be more like 90 minutes. With 10-15 migraines a month, Imitrex is essentially the only thing that allows me to function. I have not seen any real side effects."
"Sadly found out I have/had (hopefully) clamydia after getting my first pap, I got 4 pills of azithromycin I have no idea what the mg, I took it last night after dinner, and I am so glad I didn&rsquo;t read reviews because I have terrible anxiety and if I had I wouldn&rsquo;t have taken it. I felt a little out of it after taking it, kind of felt drunk, I don&rsquo;t know if it made me tired or if I was just exhausted but I went to bed and fell right to sleep. My only complaint is today I almost pooped my pants because I hadn&rsquo;t read the side effects I had no idea it cause diarrhea and thought I had to fart... you know how it goes. Hopefully this worked and I&rsquo;ve gotten rid of it though."
"Have Ledderhose syndrome for 12 years now. Had four growths removed and am on number 5 and 6 now. this is better the zapain. less side effects plus always a good up feeling. been on it 2 years after zapain for 8 years. I do live in the UK so have National health service . But I work 40 hours  a week in a casino. I had to change jobs from pitboss/ inspector to cashier  so I can sit down. Always cycled to work but have recently developed issues with my hip and back. So stay as active as possible. and good luck people"
"My period is 9 days late but pregnancy test says negative. Since taking the pill I&#039;ve had increasingly bad cramps, back pain, and very sore breasts. I&#039;ve had sharp stabling pin on the right side of my pelvis with certain movements. I would not recommend this form of emergency contraceptive as I&#039;ve used others and had significantly fewer side effects."
"Do NOT use Suprep unless your doctor scales the dosage for your weight. I weigh about 130 pounds, but was prescribed the typical two 6-oz bottles dosage. First round went OK; started going about 20 minutes after finishing the dose.  Then it was off and on the toilet all the way to 8:15, so I only had about 45 min. break before starting the 2nd dose.
Then all hell broke loose.  First toilet run started about 30 min after 2nd dose.  Then I got hit with waves of nausea, and finally projectile vomiting at the same time as expelling through rectum. Including vomiting blood, which doctor said was due to esophagus tear from violent vomiting. Nurse said they should never prescribe same amount of fluid for 130 lb person as someone twice my size"
"I literally started abilify YESTERDAY and it triggered my Zpots Syndrome (fainting) and I threw up. The paramedics came and they all thought it was most likely from starting abilify."
"Although it did work for reducing my migraines, I found that the side effects outweighed the treatment. I had almost all of the side effects mentioned: confusion, irritability, diarrhea, tingling hands and feet, vision changes, loss of appetite and weight, change in sex drive and worst of all hives. The people around me were glad I stopped taking it, as it made me act differently than I would normally."
"I broke my nose and was prescribed tramadol by the dr after whatever shot the gave me in the hospital did not take away the pain. Took 2 and the pain went away. It worked great for me and made me feel really good and drowzy. This definitely worked for me and I was able to sleep at night. Was able to go off it no problem and weened myself down by not taking it so often"
"I&#039;ve had very debilitating anxiety for years. Heart palpitations, migraines, tunnel vision, you name it! Always been very cautious when it comes to medicine. After a very bad attack that left me in the ER my doctor said it was time to try something. I wish I knew now what I knew then before taking this. It was soon to be the worst anxiety trip of my LIFE! just an hour after taking this drug I was hardly able to get off my couch! Unbearable nausea, Migraine, chills, very lethargic, and my pulse was very rapid and irregular, AND insomnia! I have two small children to take care of and I was terrified just trying to get through the day! This needs to be taken off the market!"
"I just took my first dose of the 10mg Brintellix after a week of the 5mg. I take mine at night with my Latuda which requires 350 calories so I&#039;ve  experienced virtually no nausea. I&#039;m very surprised that I have taken so well to this drug. Generally, I experience a lot of the negative side effects but this time I haven&#039;t. I&#039;m hopeful that we will reach a dose that really removes the depression and I can start living my life again. I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain , which is always a concern of mine. I&#039;m hopeful that this will be the one but  I&#039;ve also been hopeful in the past and have been let down."
"I have been on belviq for 5 days and I&#039;m down 2 pounds...my starting weight on Monday was 251 and now I am 247.  I have cut back on eating due to not feeling hungry all the time so that helps me count calories so I don&#039;t over eat but I will say that you need to make sure that you eat breakfast in the morning.  Don&#039;t forget to download Myfitness Pal to help. Side effects: I had a headache, drowsiness/dizziness the fist day but that seem to wear off the first day or so. Good luck everyone and I will keep you updated on my weight loss. Adding exercise this week everyday!!"
"I&#039;ve never written a review before but from the use of Epiduo and two other medicines (tretinoin and minocyclene) my cysts have been brought to white heads over night. I&#039;m only on my 4th day of using this so I&#039;m probabaly in the purging stage, but I&#039;m so happy they aren&#039;t deep cysts anymore. I also have a problem with scabs all over my face and with the slight drying this medicine causes the scabs peel off so easily and don&#039;t leave a mark.  I haven&#039;t experienced any of the burning people talk about but my skin has gotten flaky. Hopefully it keeps getting better!"
"I absolutely love this patch! Thank you for putting it back on the shelves! I am only 45, and had trouble since my hysterectomy several years ago. In fact I was wearing a diaper to bed,not too sexy I admit! These patches are awesome and have given me back my life! They do get less sticky in the shower but I just face my body the other way, the stickies come off with no problem with goo gone or baby oil. Well worth it!"
"I&#039;m a 32 yr young woman, who at the age of 11 was diagnosed with a severe spine disorder (scoliosis), it was also affecting my vertebra, they were turning in causing my ribs to crush my lungs. My doctor said I had a year or so to live. I was slowly suffocating. So at 12 yrs old I had 2 herrington rods put in on each side of my spine. From neck to tush! The pain then wasn&#039;t to bad, that I remember, but now at 32 some days I can&#039;t even move (WINTER-IDAHO). But 2 yrs ago I started using diazepam and at first I slept a lot, but as time has passed I have a great life. I myself cannot play sports but I can sit on a metal bench for 3 to 4 hours and enjoy watching my 4 boys play sports. Take as prescribed and tell your doctor if it&#039;s not helping."
"Was peeing like crazy, approximately every 10 minutes. Decided to see my doctor, she prescribed Macrobid and within a day I can already notice results! I do feel a little queasy after taking this pill but more food always helps. This is the best thing ever! I now don&#039;t have to worry if my Co-workers would notice my frequent trips to the washroom, and I don&#039;t hurt anymore."
"Called my doctor as I was having serious anxiety attacks and panic attacks she prescribed me 2mg twice daily, I have suffered with anxiety all my life the moment. I swallowed the first pill 20 minutes later I can&#039;t even explain how perfect I feel no anxiety no panic, calm and so normal it&#039;s unreal serious life saver!"
"I have been taking this birth control for almost 2 years and I really don&#039;t care for it. I do not have acne and I do not experience weight gain but it causes me to always start my period mid pill pack. And then I will have a period for a week and then a week later when it is time for my sugar pills I will have another! They are however light periods but I am just always bleeding. This pill has also caused bad depression. And I have noticed a decrease in sex drive.  I am however not pregnant, which is a plus.  My insurance covers this pill 100 percent which is why I take it."
"I am not a blogger at all but I feel it is my duty to write this review because I know there are countless other women who suffer from persistent melasma like myself. It has been almost two years that I have been fighting with ugly dark spots on my cheeks and upper lip due to contraceptions which I quit using after finding out what I thought to be harmless sunspots are actually a nightmarish side effect of birth control pills. After several visits to different doctors&#039; offices and a ton of useless over-the-counter and prescription drugs (like Tretionin) my last and and most understanding dermatologist prescribed Tri-luma, even though this is not a cure, in less than ten days my spots are visibly lighter and barely noticeable. It works!"
"Day 3 and these are the symptoms I&#039;ve experienced: Dizziness, anxiety attacks, numbness in toes and fingers, joint pain, nasal congestion, metallic taste in mouth, funny stuffed ear sensation, paresthesia all over, dark stool, low blood sugar if I don&#039;t eat every 3 hours, loss of appetite, nausea, brain fog, eye pain, blurred vision, muscle weakness, back pain, malaise, funny feeling in the pit of my stomach, gas, belching, off balance, jaw pain, speech difficulty, irritation, agitation... I am praying that these symptoms will stop today.  My doctor told me to tough it out.  There must be a better treatment for H. Pylori."
"Had my IUD fitted yesterday. In my honest opinion it did hurt going in but I haven&#039;t had any children or an abortion so my cervix has been locked tight lol. 
I was really nervous beforehand but the dr and nurse were so lovely and reassuring. I had the anaesthetic via injection in my cervix which was just a sharp scratch. The measurement of my womb was more painful that the implant insertion but like most woman have said on here, the pain is just a few seconds and eases off once everything has been removed. Please don&#039;t feel nervous girls, just expect to feel an intense cramp for 2-5 seconds, once when they measure and again on insertion. It&#039;s really not as bad as you think. It&#039;s an intense cramp but over very quickly. All good so far :-)"
"Massive allergic reaction, looked like skin had been burned,  has taken 5 days of hydrocortisone to calm down."
"I started the Loestrin 24 FE probably about 6 months ago - I&#039;ve had both good and bad experiences with is. The good: very light periods that lasted 2 days and sometimes I didn&#039;t get my period at all and my boobs got bigger. HOWEVER... The bad: Since I&#039;ve been on it I&#039;ve gained about 20 pounds. I&#039;m 29 and active - I try to eat healthy - I don&#039;t exercise. I had been maintaining a size 2 to 4 for the past number of years. I&#039;m now uncomfortably a 6-8. I&#039;ve also been noticing more break outs which I haven&#039;t had in years, and I had been very moody. I&#039;m definitely switching back to Ortho Tri Cyclen or maybe Yaz."
"Helps control allergy related inflammation of my throat and related airway. Ventolin pump seems to work better than others in delivering medication deep into throat area."
"Dr gave me brochure for Tanzeum. It was new with no cost. Only pharmacy in San Antonio that had it was HEB pharmacy. 1 location only. 1st injection make me sick for a couple hours. 2nd injection was same. Sick for couple hours. 3rd injection worse. Diarrhea and flu like symptoms.  Talked with Dr. And he said take 4th injection and the medication needed to get into my system. After 4th final injection was really Ill. In bed for 3 days. Finally called health insurance and they said to go to emergency room. Checked out there and was told I was dehydrated and discharged me after given fluids. When I got up to leave I had a TIA  (stroke). Doctor said stroke caused by Tanzeum."
"I was on here  reading about others&#039; experiences at 3 a.m. After I vomited the second bottle. I worried all night that I would have to repeat the prep but the doctor was able to complete the procedure anyway saying I was clean!! The drink had a good flavor and I even succeeded in getting the second bottle down but it just didn&#039;t stay down. No fun but necessary."
"I started taking the pill a week ago , end up getting my period 3 days after and I just been bleeding since today is the 10th day I don&#039;t understand"
"Very Effective if taken right 0.1% failure rate vs other birth control that are not combined pills 0.3- 0.6% failure rate. ( 7 days after first Sunday if starting first pill)
Regulates your periods makes them shorter and lighter. Note: it takes about 3 months for your body to get used to the hormone change so you might experience irregular periods or brown discharge but its completely normal. 
Fact: lower sodium intake if this happens
Helps improve skin. i.e acne but in time. You will not see results right away but in a month or two.
I have not experienced any weight gain but have seen mood swings, sensitivity etc. but improved in a few months.
Every girl experiences Trinessa differently but it&#039;s because your body gets used to the change (3 months)."
"I am on my second week of Victoza. Started taking the 1.2 dose today. Made me a little nauseated the first week. Today, not so much. I am a little constipated with the medicine though. No other side effects. So far, I&#039;m liking it. One shot a day instead of a pill twice a day works for me!"
"Works fairly well when taken around the clock 4 times a day.  I take it to treat chronic pain caused by multiple bone spurs in my neck causing nerve compression and severe pain in my shoulder/arm/neck."
"Hi ive been on prozac 60mg for 10years the drug is miraculous it got me out of a hole, but as i suffer from ocd i decided to self medicate with drink and drugs also that led me me to a 12 step fellowship! Now 7half years without a drink or drug im self medicating on prozac which is not v good! It got to last friday i had taken probly 4 tablets in 2 weeks and just crashed! Im now back on 60mg a day but having bouts of anxiety again and thinking its not real, im hoping this is just the side affects of the prozac again getting in system, im tired headache and anxiety thinking"
"Well I just got the Skyla put in yesterday morning, so far I&#039;ve been quite crampy but it&#039;s a little different than regular period cramps, it&#039;s like I can feel the IUD in there and maybe it just needs to get situated but I feel like it&#039;s not sitting comfortably yet. During my appt. everything was fine although I read a bunch of reviews and psyched myself out, but the doctor explained the process to me and answered my questions. The whole application process was just crampy although one of the applicators opened prematurely right in my cervix which caused a little pain (My doctor said she hadn&#039;t ever seen that before) Overall, don&#039;t let people with low pain tolerances affect your decision about getting Skyla. Just be prepared for cramps! :)"
"Just got my skyla this morning. I took 400mg of ibuprofen before the insertion. The entire process was about 5 minutes. I would say the cramping DURING insertion was way worse than bad period cramps but only lasted like 30 seconds! I felt a tiny bit light headed immediately after, went away by the time they told me to get dressed. After reading these reviews I was worried about having to go into work but I was fine! 2 more ibuprofen and I was good all day! Very light bleeding, just needed a liner. If everything goes as smoothly as the insertion I&#039;m gonna love skyla."
"Took 50 mg - cut a 100 mg ER pill in half, for muscle relief a few weeks after a minor car accident. Am 125 pounds. 
Over 20 hours later, still affected by droopiness, tiredness, and mild headache. Took a long walk and could barely get through it, ended up falling asleep in the afternoon.

On the plus side, muscle and joint pain was negligible today. However, also couldn&#039;t think or do much either. Would not take again."
"Low dose was very activating. Loved the energy and motivation. Wasn&#039;t enough to help with symptoms though. Increased dose was very sedating, but helped alot. I have aspergers, PTSD, social anxiety,  and panic disorder. This med Increased libido, motivation, desire to socialize, ability to organize, moderately decreased depression but not very helpful for panic/anxiety. At any dose was unable to relax most of the time. I got a rash on my scalp and severe cystic acne on my face, shoulders and back that worsened as time went on so I discontinued."
"My daughter is 17 and has been taking vyvanse for 3 weeks. All I can say is &quot;wow&quot;  her GPA has went up 1 point!!! her main problem was taking tests...she could not concentrate at all !!! homework was ok but work at school was terrible ...now she scores 85 % and up in all her classes . Sha actually enjoys schools , her self esteem grew (she always thought she was not as smart as other kids). I dont know if thats how it will work all the time but so far it has been great ! She has some appettite loss especially during the day but it has been coming back slowly and she started to eat more normal.  She does not take the mediciane on weekends unless she studies. I dont see any other side affects besides loss of appetite."
"I was still nursing my 11 month old when my husband and I had unprotected sex (normally he pulls out, however this time, didn&#039;t). I checked my ovulation app to see what phase of my cycle I was in and it was close to ovulation, so I took Plan B about 18 hours later. I had no side effects or adverse reactions. Now 3 weeks later and I have taken two positive pregnancy tests. We obviously should have been more careful, as we weren&#039;t prepared to have another child so close in age to our first. Please be aware that this is not 100% effective."
"The taste is bad but it works!!! If you get the technique right it shouldn&#039;t go down the back of the throat, google how to do this. When I take it I have some mints standing by just in case, this helps mask the terrible taste. I have suffered from sinusitis/allergies for years, which completely block my nose. After about 4 days of using this twice a day this started working. Now my nose is completely clear and I take one pump in each nostril every day as a preventative. It is expensive, but it&#039;s the only long-term spray I&#039;ve found. In Aus I pay about $55 for it."
"took this pill several years ago and glad I kept it. Has been my go to cough relief RX.
I have used when I had Bronchitic episodes and once it went into my ear.I had to get drops for ear s for that)
anyway what ever these pills are I recommend them. sure I could get cough med with Codine but this just works for me with less side effects. I actually have no side effects with this cough pill. For me it was and still is a life saver as I must be able to function during the day. it did give me cough relief and as I said no side effects for me and I tend to be very sensitive."
"I would rate this 10 if it worked all night. I take the generic Zaleplon. It will make me drowsy in about 30 minutes and I will fall asleep; usually with the TV on a timer. I used to take Xanax and a few cocktails, but wanted something different. I wake up about 4-5 hours later and sometimes get back to sleep sporadically; sometimes not. Now, I take 2.5mg Xanax, then 30 min later take the Zaleplon and shortly after another 2.5mg Xanax (I half one 5mg Xanax and take separately). I still wake up earlier than I want to, but I&#039;m not sure there&#039;s anything I can do about that until I relieve some stress."
"Just had my colonoscopy today and all was well. Prep day with Suprep was nowhere near as traumatic as I imagined it would be (I&#039;m only 25, so this was my first time doing this). The taste wasn&#039;t bad-- I mixed each dose two hours in advance by pouring the medicine and topping it off with lemon crystal light and sticking it into the fridge. It made the taste pretty tolerable!

The first dose was no problem. I did get the chills a bit, but nothing major. It started working within 20 mins of drinking. Didn&#039;t get me anywhere close to expelling clear liquid.

The second dose made me slightly nauseated, but nothing terrible. After a few more rounds of action, I was clear and ready to go! All-in-all, not to bad!"
"I have been on Lamictal for hmm... ~5 months now. I feel it has seriously been one of the most helpful things in my life. I feel very present to the moment, mostly calm, and overall.. content. It basically just improves my personality. Some side effects though. Terrible memory. Seriously. My perception of time is all out of whack too. I said I have been taking it for only 5 months but that is so hard to believe! It feels like I&#039;ve on it for at least a year. Oh well. I still like it because lifestyle doesn&#039;t require a sharp memory. If your lifestyle does require sharpness I advise against taking this."
"I&#039;m a 24yr old that recently had back surgery. They had me on tons of medications, of course, one being a stool softener because a lot of medicine intake tends to make one constipated. Well, the stool softer that I had to take twice daily didn&#039;t work one bit. I got so bloated and had some serious stomach pains, that I finally decided to try a laxative (never having tried one before, I was alittle intimidated). Now, before injuring myself and having the surgery, my BMs were extremely regular: once a day. After that, I was rarely going. When I tried Miralax it worked within the hour of drinking it in some ginger ale! I felt SO MUCH BETTER! It makes your stomach gurgle and gives slight cramps, but worth it in the long run!"
"I have been on Trazodone for 3 years now in 300mg tabs from the very start. It makes me nauseated but am unable to do to a hernia repair that was done.  Also suffer from dry mouth.  The medication has worked great from some time.  I find it better to take it without food because it starts working within a hour.  If you take it with a meal or a light snack it takes about 2 hours to start working. So depending on when you take it may cause some the that groggy feeling in the morning.  Recently I have notice it doesn&#039;t have the same effect on me. Now I have nights I can&#039;t sleep.  "
"Was put on these 2 x 30 mg Mirtazapine over 10 years ago, for major depression, depression went but Dr&#039;s keep prescribing 2 a day, so I asked if I could stop, which was met with &quot;WHY&quot;  and recommendations not to reduce any medications!! But after convincing my GP that taking high dose psych drugs didn&#039;t make sense to me when the initial complaint/condition had vanished, could she help me reduce and come off totally. To her credit she did a great job, and after 12 months slow reduction I am off, have also stopped 4 x 5mg Valium daily, all with no side effects. The moral to this story is Dr&#039;s are the distribution arm of big Pharma, and kept blissfully ignorant to good health care, It&#039;s up to &quot;you&quot; to take back responsibility for our own health"
"I had been struggling for several days with a severe head cold that was beginning to expand to my chest.  I was using other over the counter medications with little effect.  A co-worker mentioned Mucinex D and I began to experience significant relief with the first dose.  I did add an over-the-counter nighttime pain reliever which really helped me to sleep through the night."
"Ok. on day 4 of this medication. Started woth 150 mg per day for 3 days and now onwards its 300 mg.

First of all, I&#039;m not convinced this drug is worth it. Side effects days 1-3 included blurry vision, feeling spaced out. today it was bouts of crying and then burning sensation in abdomen and chest.


I&#039;m smoking 1 pack on this. God only knows."
"So far I can say I&#039;ve been pretty happy about this birth control I had taken it 1 month then I forgot to pick up my other pack so I had to wait another month to get back on it. The first month I was super hungry and just ate everything. Gained like 5lbs. But this month I don&#039;t feel any diet change and I have lost those 5 lbs. My period was strange. 2 days of brown discharge. Can&#039;t really complain though. I get less of those really huge balls of acne (the ones where nothing will come out but its the size of 5 pimples). My breasts do feel bigger and I think I&#039;m more emotional but it&#039;s hard to tell because I&#039;ve been dealing with a lot lately. I&#039;m fairly happy so far. "
"One month on the medicine.  Started with 10mg morning and evening of Glipizide in conjunction.  One week on the medicine and dropped the Glipizide.  Numbers stay in the 70-100 range.  This has changed my life.  Not sure about the weight loss aspect as I was already on a diet regimen that has led to 40lb weight loss."
"I was put on Tramadol for pain and a funny thing happened.   I noticed I felt more energy and overall well being.   I had felt a bit depressed over the years and they tried a few meds but none seemed to work.   I had surgery and was given tramadol.   Once the pain was gone - I stopped it and noticed I fell back into my old slump.   I was in therapy and tried everything.  Years later  I went to Mexico for business and saw Tramdol in the pharmacy.  I bought one bottle of 50mg capsules and said let&#039;s try this. 50mg twice a day.  Within 2 weeks people were commenting I seemed like I was happier.   It does not give me a high like hydrocodone and other opiate meds.   They need to explore this and stop shooting it down as an antidepressant."
"I got the nexplanoninserted May 2013. The insert was a quick sting,  pain in arm only lasted a day or so.  The first year and a half,  bleeding was every couple months for a few day,  now having it for 2 years when I bleed it feels like I will never stop.  Heavy bleeding. Bleed for ever.  Will stop for  a few hours and it will start again, normally starts while sleeping at night so I wake up cranky :-( it&#039;s been 3 weeks so far I have been bleeding heavy.  Though the side effects are driving me crazy.. Very effective!!"
"I was prescribed 3 months worth of the pills but it only 50% cleared up so they prescribed another 3 months, and now it is 80% clear. I have one week left on the medication and then I will just pray that the remaining 20% that is infected grows out. The doctor said you could stop taking the med when it was 90% clear - so 80% - 90% meh hopefully it will all be good. Fingers crossed.
In terms of side effects. I usually always get the most typical side effects with any drug. So I had insomnia which I mitigated by taking this in the morning. A stuffy nose. And some issues with my mood."
"I have been taking this for over 3 months. I have very light periods that only last a few days (which I love). I started taking this because I got back onto the Nuva ring after 3 years of using no method besides condoms. Although taken the ring in the past and loved it, it didn&#039;t work for my body this time and I ended up having an increased amount of breakthrough bleeding. So I asked my doctor for a low hormone bcp. I was skeptical at first because of my past experiences with the pill but I love it. My breasts and stomach feel sore and tender for most of the month, and sometimes I feel more tired than usual, but I love this pill and hope it works for you too!"
"Within 5 days the change in my skin was amazing.  No flaking, no scales.  The discoloration of my skin was minimal compared to what it was.  No adverse effects for me.  I have been on it for 5 weeks and now I do not use it daily.  I moisturize daily when I get out of the shower, and I use the gel about every 4 days.  Cup your elbow in your hand and that is how large my area was.  It still is, but is now soft and lightly pink.  I am going to a tanning booth to see if that helps as well."
"Without this medicine I could not sleep through the pain."
"I gained  100 pounds or more . I developed diabetes, and chronic kidney disease. I also could not keep my hands for moving, and at night my feet would twirl. I chose to stop using risperdal and withdrawal was horrible. The medicine did wonders for my mental health, but the side effects was worse than my schizophrenia."
"I have been on this medication for about 8 months now.  I started at a low dose 200mg a day and now I&#039;m on 600 mg.  300mg in the morning and at night.  I find that it makes me sleepy but what doesn&#039;t.  I am not so sleepy that I cannot function just sleepy when I know I has a good nights sleep.  Anyway,  I am moody and my moods swing from very happy to super mad like many people with bipolar.  This helps we control that.  I does nothing for depression but it&#039;s not meant to.  The side effects are very mild."
"By far the worst birth control... I got the nexplanon inserted around the early part of July 2016 two weeks after the insertion I started spotting then came my period here it is almost December and I have been on my period since then I&#039;ve gained ALOT of weight which I&#039;m very unhappy about I really didn&#039;t have no side effects besides the weight gain and periods (and no sex "
"I&#039;m shocked at how many people say the pill taste awful. I had the mega dosage (4 pills at once) and I just took a big sip of fruit punch, dropped the pill in the back of my throat and swallowed. Tasted nothing. You guys must be sucking them like peppermints. As far a symptoms, barely any. I did get a lil nausea here and there but no big deal. Pills seemed to work almost immediately."
"I don&#039;t like taking medication, u get a bit 25 to 30 pills &amp; I won&#039;t take them all because I hat taking pills, they cause other problems 4 me , like a yeast infection, so then you  have to medication for that. #1 medicine that I would rate a #10....is a zpak!!! Knocks sinus out in 5 day!"
"Had a migraine for three days that escalated and went to the ER. They have me Reglan with saline. Not only did it do NOTHING for my headache, it put my Restless Leg Syndrome into overdrive affecting my entire body but wouldn&#039;t prescribe anything for that. They attempted to flush it out with more saline to no avail. They eventually gave me Fiorecet and that at least helped, though didn&#039;t stop, the migraine. "
"Have taken Citalopram on and off for 6 yrs. The initial side effects (nausea, headaches, insomnia) only lasted for couple of weeks. Have been on 20mg for the last 18mths now, and I find I have started to have anxiety outbursts again. Not only that, I&#039;ve found it also has decreased by libido a lot! A side effect no one else has mentioned! I am going back to Drs to get my dosage decreased, I&#039;d like to be weaned off of it now as I feel maybe it is not working for me. I cannot take prozac as it sends me crazy. So maybe it&#039;s time to try another avenue."
"Being a newlywed, I was looking for a birth control I could trust, I originally was on the pill, but I have cyclical vomiting syndrome, I&#039;ll basically have cycles where I vomit uncontrollably, so during a 3 week cycle, I realized the pill would not be a good fit for me. So I switched to the shot, the second month I was on my period for a full 30 days, which I was told was normal, after that I haven&#039;t had a period at all, I have had no side effects, no weight gain, and most importantly no pregnancy scares."
"My dermatologist put me on this to regulate my acne and I am currently on my third cycle using Trinessa. I had been on birth control for the same reason almost 2 years ago but I had a 15 lb weight gain in under 4 months which is crazy since I&#039;m a runner. She told me these pills would not make me gain weight yet I&#039;ve gone up around 7 lbs and noticed that my boobs have grown a lot. The only other side effect I have noticed is dizziness and headaches. But as for its effectiveness: my period is very regular and light and my face has completely cleared, I still get a few breakouts right before my period but it&#039;s usually not bad at all."
"
Hell no, never again! severe stomach cramps not worth it !"
"Insurance covers generic only. The generic medication changes from manufacture to manufacture, the different brand changes from month to month can lead to breakthrough seizures. In order to prevent that I must either pay out of pocket about $450 or find a generic about $10 that works. I found one generic that works well and go from pharmacy to pharmacy tracking that one down."
"I have been through literally 20 medications trying to find something that works and Cymbalta is the only one that really works. It (combined with my doctor&#039;s help) has saved my life."
"I take 120mgs per day of Cymbalta. I also have Medicare because of an accident that caused me to be disabled for the rest of my life. Medicare has a gap where for 2 months you have no drug coverage.

Taking Cymbalta I have no side effects so it&#039;s like you aren&#039;t taking a medication, because its one of those drugs that seems to work behind the scene. I ran out of Cymbalta and found out just how good it was and how it was working. I became a totally different person without Cymbalta, really bad. I am back on my Cymbalta and I have to say this... I will never ever think I can go it alone without the help of Cymbalta and I have tried so many other drugs before finding this one. A job well done to Lilly Company who makes Cymbalta. It saved me."
"I used the patch and because I thought it was helping reduce the pain of my tendonitis of my wrists, I continued using it. The pain  of neither wrist got worse and my palm hurt and also the fingers.  A week ago after using Salonpas pain patch for over three months, my wrists have swollen and the pain is excruciating.  I went back too my doctor but because he was not aware that I had used the patch for a long time, he thought the swelling of the wrists were due to rheumatoid arthritis.  The swelling is going down  gradually. I would like to add here that I am allergic to aspirin and ibuprofen.  I read the label only yesterday!"
"A coworker of mine recommended I try Skyla after she heard I was looking for birth control method that was effective and had the least side effects. I booked my appointment at my doctors office and was told to take pain relievers before because I&#039;d feel discomfort, we&#039;ll discomfort wasn&#039;t the proper word because the pain was so bad I cried after. I drove home normally but that night I had severe cramps and they continued for 2 weeks straight. I couldn&#039;t work out and just wanted to lay in bed from how bad the cramps were, I would have to breath in and out very deeply to feel some sort of relief. It has now been a month and I bleed almost every day (liner light) but it&#039;s manageable, I&#039;m not sure if bleeding a month after is okay?"
"Caused anxiety, panic attacks and rash."
"I started Celexa in July and within a few weeks those closest to me remarked on the difference how much happier and less angry I seemed. I felt less overwhelmed by stress and felt happier. The change had been subtle from my viewpoint, and it wasn&#039;t until after my doctor suggested a change in medicine, I realized how much it helped me. Within days I noticed my irritability had returned and within a couple weeks I felt as if I weren&#039;t taking anything at all. I asked my doctor to return me to Celexa. Side effects I&#039;ve noticed: initial nausea, jittery (especially with the addition of caffeine), vivid dreams, weight loss (15 pounds since July)."
"Well, I had tried everything to beat the demon booze. Tried Nalmofene, Campral and Naltroxene medication, went countless AA meetings etc. But Nothing worked. Then I did some research and saw this medication and thankfully my doc prescribed it. Have been on it 6 days and stupidly enough decided to see on the fourth day what would 1 can of lager do? Managed to get through half the can and suddenly the symptoms begun. Flushing, my throat felt like it was swelling, thought my heart wars going to pop out my chest it was pounding so much and then I experienced uncontrollable shaking like Shaking Stevens.  Then I burst into tears.  Felt Awful!  This tablet is a brilliant deterrent."
"I have bipolar disorder and have been on Geodon and Lamictal since 2006.  Geodon was prescribed to me help me with anger issues.  I have mellowed out considerably. I have taken dosages ranging from 40-80mg.  I was told the 80mg made me very lethargic. 60mg worked with no problems. I am currently on 40 mg and it is working great."
"I&#039;m 40 yrs old, and have had around 10 episodes of aroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (psvt) in my lifetime. My heart rate gets up to around 250 beats per minute each episode. Before taking this medicine, I had to go to the emergency room, and get a shot of adenosine, to get my heart to slow down. I talked to my doctor about having to go to the emergency room each time, because I could do nothing to slow my heart rate on my own. She prescribed me cardizem 30 mg tablets, to take when I have an episode, I take 4 tablets at the onset, and within 10 to 15 minutes my heart rates subsides. This medication has been a godsend and works great for me."
"These  capsules enhanced made me feel worse. I am gradually removing these awful meds from my life. The withdrawals are so intense that it leaves me incapable of driving, gives me spasms and brain zaps, uncontrollable shaking and twitches.

Do not ever even start taking Cymbalta."
"I had almost disabling psoriasis for 10 years.  My feet was my biggest problem area, many flare ups made it hard to even walk.  I too have been on everything in the past, starting with ointments all the way to Remicade, Humira, and Enbrel with little success, mostly only helped for less than 6 months.  Prednisone has almost ruined my joints, and as most of you know causes weight gain.  In September 2012 I got my first injection.  By December I was completely clear doing insanity workouts!  Over 2 years I enjoyed a psoriasis free life and it&#039;s been great!  Unfortunately, I started flaring 2 months ago, and my dermatologist put me back on prednisone as my whole body is covered again.  Not sure where to go from here."
"Had a spinal fusion back in 2000 and over the years on and off I have used the Watson Lidocaine 5% patches.  Last year my insurance sent me Mylan.  What a waste of time and money.  Who thought of manufacturing plastic patches for the skin.  They not only pinch the skin but also don&#039;t stick, at all!
I can&#039;t imagine if I was walking in the summer and had one on. Shame on you Mylan, a call to customer service was to no avail.  The cost of the Watson Brand (which I loved) is so expensive now. 
I won&#039;t be ordering them anymore.  The point is Mylan&#039;s co-pay was affordable but didn&#039;t stick and Watson co-pay is too much."
"Our pharmacy mixed Tamiful in-house for our five-month-old.  As soon as the medicine was in her mouth, her stomach would convulse and she would completely empty her stomach, whether she took it alone or with food. We were told by the doctor there was no other option other than to discontinue use. Two days later, we were back at the pharmacy to fill the same prescription for her 4-year-old brother. The commercial preparation was available then. I talked to the pharmacist about the baby&#039;s reaction to Tamiflu, and she said the sugar base from the in-house mix was the likely culprit. We refilled the baby&#039;s prescription with the commercial preparation, and she tolerated it just fine. I&#039;m so grateful, because she really needed the medicines!"
"I have used this over the counter medication for many years. I have IBS and I find this Imodium A-D works to stop my diarrhea. It might be a good idea to take it with you where ever you go for emergencies. If you have IBS you should talk with your doctor about diet."
"I started this medication on a Sunday. On Monday, I got a migraine. I thought nothing of it. I took ibuprofen, it had little affect on the pain. By Tuesday, I was extremely irritable and frustrated. I started noticing that I had sharp chest pains that radiated to my right arm. I continued on the birth control, because I didn&#039;t put two and two together. On Friday morning, I told my best friend about migraines and she told me to stop taking it because the same medicine caused her blood pressure to be elevated. By midnight, my lips and nose were tingling and I still had a migraine and chest pain. I went to the ER, they did CT scans, X-rays &amp;blood work. They couldn&#039;t find an issue, but instructed me to not take the meds anymore, as did my Dr."
"Had found out I had some cervical stenosis a couple spots was close to spinal cord. Dr prescribed meloxacam for inflammation. It worked awesome. I could move my neck better than I had before. But 12 pills in I started to get hives on my face, and some facial swelling, heart racing. Had to go to ER Its sad that I have so many med allergies. I wish I could have taken this. It worked for me for inflammation."
"I am a 30 yr old female who has suffered from severe panic attacks since I was 16 yrs old. I lost my mother of a fatal heart attack when she was 27 yrs old and have always feared the same would happen to me. I have seen a cardiologist since I was 17 and have had as many heart tests done that they would probably perform on an 80 yr old. I&#039;ve always checked out fine and not seemed to have inherited anything my mother had. When I have anxiety, which leads into a panic attack my mind spirals out of control. I am a nurse also and picture worse case scenarios all these symptoms could be. I have been on Zoloft for 6 weeks now. It&#039;s helping but I&#039;m still not 100% and using Xanax to cope. I&#039;m pleased with results though and hopeful I will get better."
"Have tried several other medications, one week of Cloderm symptoms decreased considerably."
"I&#039;ve been on this for over a year. Works very well. I have one side affect, tingling in my feet. I eat alot of greens and bananas to help with that. I lost 45 lbs because of it as well. I take Vitamin B-12 to help with my memory because of the seizure meds...like every seizure meds can affect your memory."
"I was originally prescribed 0.5 mg of Klonopin once a day with Zoloft 50mg once a day. It worked for a while but stopped and soon after, my doctor prescribed me to Klonopin 1mg once a day and Zoloft 100mg once a day.. After just three days I felt amazing results and like a changed person. No more stress, anxiety, panic or depression. Wonderful medicine to take. Just remember to meditate, walk, and stay outdoors to also help. You&#039;ve got to also help yourself without relying on the medicines but they still work."
"I was taking Xanax..0.25 mgs three times everyday for over 13 years. My Dr wanted me to wean off of it so to help thru the process she had me take 5mgs per day of Lexapro (escitolopram).  I kept taking the Lexapro for 1-1/2 years. During this time my Dr raised the dosage to 10 mgs daily. Lexapro wasn&#039;t the medicine for me. It caused more anxiety, mood swings and weight gain along with not feeling like myself. With the help of my Dr I weaned off Lexapro over a period of 3 weeks. After the 2nd day of not taking Lexapro I started with constant brain zaps, fatigue, dizziness with vertigo and felt overall awful. This continued for the next 7 weeks but the withdrawal symptoms lessened each week. I am now at the 8th week and feel wonderful!"
"This medicine works very well. I didn&#039;t have a yeast infection nor did I have the upset stomach, which I usually have with antibiotics."
"Have been on Votrient for almost 12 months. The first 6 months on 400mg a day, sometimes not taking it at all because the side effects were so horrendous. Then it was upped to 800mg a day "
"Worked like magic for my Mom. She can now move around without pain and do the things she coundn&#039;t do before."
"I have a C-5/6/7 fusion with a titianium cage. Confirmed nerve damage at C-7 via nerve conduction study. Like most of you I&#039;ve been on many types of pain medications. It is different for each and so is the tolerence. I am finally stable taking hydromorphone 8mg. and OxyContin 30 mg. I take them &quot;backwards&quot; meaning the hydromorphoe is for &quot;base&quot; pain and the OxyContin is taken at night so I can make it through the entire sleep cycle without waking up due to pain. I do not have breakthrough pain on this regiment and it is less expensive. Also please have your testosterone levels checked since these medications can lower it. I take Testim; a gel, that brings my levels back to normal. Testosterone affects your heart, mood and other functions."
"I have tried many different medications and therapies for my lower back pain to no avail. I swiched doctors, and he prescribed Opana 20mg, 2x a day. It is by far the most effective pain medication I have tried, with the fewest side effects. Once you adjust to the sedation, all that remains is phenomenal pain relief."
"I would just like to say that I have been taking Oxycontin along with other strong pain medication for years,   I have been blessed by doctors who understand what chronic pain can do to your life and not being afraid to prescribe what is needed.   Although I am still in chronic pain, I would not be able to get out of bed without these medications.   
"
"Actually I started taking it for severe nerve pain in my neck and I have Interstitial Cystitis as well since taking it I have had great success with the management of pain.  I have gained 35 lbs while being on the medication, but sometimes you have no choice.  Hands down give me a life without pain and suffering with 35 extra lbs.  I will gladly take poundage over pain any day."
"Ok gotta make a long story short.. My docter gave me bactrim for a uti and usually it works but this time it didnt. I was miserable so I went to urgent care they prescribed me macrobid 100 mg 2&times; daily. I read all the awful reviews and since my stomach is very sensitive and easily nausiated I immediatly was discouraged. I asked the pharmacist and she told me she had taken it and as long as you follow the instructions on the bottle that say take with food or milk I would be fine and she didnt have any symptoms. Soo I have been eating a good meal bf I take it and its been 3 days now and I woke up on the 3rd day and its like its gone and I could tell after the 1st day I was getting better. I was in pain for 6 day and this med was a blessing!!!"
"I have been on this medicine for five months now. Getting on this drug for my Bipolar and Major Depression made all the difference in the world. I really think  that the XR is the best way to have a medicine of this type. It keeps me even and able to carry on with my life."
"Took my first table and had muscle spasms,extreme tiredness and flu like symptoms.  I had such high hopes for this medication but I am afraid to even take another dose."
"I am 28 years old and a wife and mommy of two. The only reason I was put on birth control was due to painful periods and possibly having endometriosis. And the thought of only a 2-3 day period and no pain for periods sounded nice but I was on this birth control for 4 months till I had a scare and had to switch to another one. It made me bleed a lot and have blood clots. I felt nausea. And I was told it was normal so I kept taking it until the scare happened when I started having really sharp chest pain that sent me to the hospital, it seemed like I was having a heart attack! It also made me very emotional and depressed. I would not recommend this pill."
"I have had Mirena in me for about 6 months. I thought it will be a safe for me. I&#039;m glad to see I&#039;m not the only one feeling theses side effects. I have no sex drive at all, I&#039;m dry during sex , intercourse is painful, throughout these 6 months I still feel lots of cramping in my uterus, worse then a period, my back hurts, and such mood swings I can&#039;t control. "
"Worked wonders on my skin. Everything was clear within 72 hours."
"I have had chronic constipation since I was a little girl, I am now 30. I&#039;ve tried ALL types of medications as well as different herbal supplements which only gave temporary relief. And when I say chronic I mean CHRONIC! Senna, prunes, even the hitious citrate magnesium was sometimes NOT working. FINALLY Miralax came along and changed or I should say regulated my BM function. At first it didn&#039;t work very well I just felt bloated and over stuffed, which I guess was okay because I ate less. However, once things started moving with the help of plenty of water life feels SO much better. I know to take it first thing in the morning and let it settle for a few minutes before I give my stomach anything else to work on. So I say give it time to work."
"Great"
"Food no longer taste all that great have to force myself to eat. My sugar levels are good 10 lb lost after 6 weeks (wife not happy). No side effects so far. Small meals are just great. Take home half plate from normal menu choice. Buffet no longer an option. Needles are tiny."
"Have suffered with uric acid kidney stones for years, approximately every 4-5 months. Pain usually bad enough to go to ER.  Today I had an attack and decided to take some Flomax. The ER usually sends me home with a prescription but have never been given Flomax at hospital.
AMAZINGLY, within an Hour and a half I passed the stone!  This has never happened so quickly as it usually does not pass till the next day!  Next time I have an attack (and unfortunately there will be a next time) I am reaching for Flomax right away.  Still cannot believe this happened."
"I took .5mg ativan 2 times a day for 14 days.  I noticed I wasn&#039;t getting the same anti anxiety effect so I decided to stop taking it.  I figured it had only been 2 weeks so stopping should not have been a problem.  I then proceeded into 11 days of HELL.  The first 2 days were not to bad  but every day progressively got worse.  The Insomnia was the worst.  I got to the point where I would dread the night.  And then the night mares started.  They were horribly dark. I thought I was going to die.  I finally would take .5mg every other or every third night just to get some sleep.  It took me months to find a doctor who understood how to get off the Ativan.  I&#039;m now on a 2 1/2% taper (40 weeks) I&#039;m on week 9, Not fun.  DO NOT TAKE IT"
"I was diagnosed w/ severe RA in 2009 by my general practitioner who discovered it through a blood test, which is not always common. Well, after being on MTX 8pills/a wk. (for 8 yrs) and Arava daily I have also been on Enbrel, Humira, Actemra, Orencia &amp; Zeljanz one worked most didn&#039;t. I finally just started Remicade infusion on 2/16/17. The first day I slept 20 hrs. a few days later no change then yesterday ~The Miracle Day~ not one single pain, no flare ups 100% pain free! OMG I was so happy I cried! Today not so good as yesterday but I&#039;m very hopeful! Good Luck to the rest of you all!!!"
"I have lost 34 pounds since June 10 (almost 14 weeks). On the 7.5 mg level I suffered many of the side effects. My doctor suggested I go back to the beginning dosage of 3.75 mg and I feel so much better. The mental fog, insomnia and chronic constipation and headache are gone. I am still losing 1-2 pounds a week. My appetite is under control and sweets hold little appeal. I still recognize an emotional longing to eat when I am stressed or in the evening when watching T.V. "
"Maxalt MLT tablets do wonders for my migraines.  It takes away the migraine very quickly, much quicker than Excedrin or Bayer, and sometimes they take multiple doses to work, if they do at all.  The only negative is that when I take one, my neck and upper shoulder muscles tighten up--severely.  This doesn&#039;t always happen, but it usually does to some degree.  Today the migraine went away in perhaps 30 minutes, but the muscle tightness lasted for 1-2 hours, and this time it was so painful I wanted to cry.  Still, it&#039;s worth it to get rid of the migraine quickly and before it can get too severe.  Another thing: my neurologist gave me the tip of swallowing it to get it into your system in the fastest way possible; it&#039;s faster than by mouth."
"I started taking Drixoral years ago as it was the only one that could control sneezing effectively.  I stopped when local pharmacies where I shopped stopped having it in stock because of drug addict precautions.  I think it is the best sinus medicine you can buy OTC."
"Been on Humira for 5 months in combination with Azatioprin and there is no change in my condition. 
Started with 1 40mg injection every 14 days and after 3-4 months 1 40mg injection every week.
My side affects is flu symptoms a day or two after the injections. It has all the characteristics of a feverish flu (muscle pain, tiredness, chills and so on) except it only lasts for 6-12 hours and I never get over 37 C (98 F). 
As far as I can tell no other side affects good or bad."
"This is the only birth control I&#039;ve ever took and I just started it at the beginning of the month. I don&#039;t know if its supposed to get better but I&#039;ve been so emotional and I&#039;ve been gaining weight, about 10 pounds in less than a month and I work out and eat healthy I feel bloated and I want to stop taking this. Would not recommend.  My acne hasn&#039;t even cleared its gotten worse"
"I have been on this pill for a month and a half after my pharmacy gave it to me, I called to say you gave me the wrong pill (Junel Fe 24 is what I was on) and they said the manufacturer changed but this is the SAME birth control. It&#039;s manufactured in India. In a month and a half, I have gained 7-8 pounds. I am very athletic, I eat a plant based diet, I work out, I sit as a job but that hasn&#039;t made me gain weight like this. I amannoyed. I worked for 9 months to lose 30 pounds, now I am gaining weight for no reason, crying all the time for no reason, self doubting myself and my poor boyfriends love for me, AND BREAKING OUT which is why I got on birth control in the first place."
"Just started week 2 of this bc. I can&#039;t really say if my issues are from this, I had the flu a week prior to starting and also during the first week. Im 25 years old- 2 kids and first time taking any kind of birth control. I self diagnosed myself as having PCOS- and my Gyn prescribed me Necon 1/35.
SO far my symptoms which could be from being sick or the birth control-- 
Dizziness/ head gets foggy and vision slowed- starting 20 minutes after taking pill and lasting up to 6 hours afterwards. 
Nausea, loss of appetite, food aversions, mood swings, ( also have been having some stress/life issues, along with being sick) 
Breast tenderness, don&#039;t seem so bloated now, fatigue."
"My migraines always last 8 &amp; 1/2 hours of pain &amp; nausea with 1/2 hour aura and 2 - 3 days of pain after.

I started on this 10 years ago at 1 x 25mg pill each night before bed. Since starting I&#039;ve only suffered from 4 or 5 migraines. I used to have 1 migraine every week or 2. I&#039;ve spent less time worrying about when I&#039;d next be suffering. But the side effects were terrible. Brain fog / slowing of mental &amp; physical activity / memory issues / confusion / speech &amp; language issues / trouble concentrating / increased anxiety were the worst, haven&#039;t felt like myself in years. Also had: fatigue, insomnia, depression, eye problems, tingling extremities, weight gain &amp; occasional dizziness.

Stopped it 2 months ago &amp; still migraine free so far."
"I HAVE DONE EXTREMELY WELL ON THIS MEDICATION, i HAVE NOT HAD A SINGLE PANIC ATTACK SINCE i STARTED TAKING IT, MY DEPRESSION IS BETTER i WOULDN&#039;T SAY IT&#039;S COMPLETELY GONE. THE TWO NEGATIVES ARE LOWER SEX DRIVE WHICH DOESN&#039;T BOTHER ME, AND WEIGHT GAIN WHICH DOES BOTHER ME ALOT! BUT i HAD TO CHOOSE BETWEEN, BEING OVERWEIGHT OR NOT LOSING MY MIND ANY MOMENT, i CHOSE THE LATTER!"
"My husband&#039;s thought process has improved greatly. He also has more energy and less depression. He feels better."
"I have had what I see as pretty bad social anxiety, to the point where I look back and realize how much life I have missed out on. It took me a while to actually become aware of it, but for some time now I have been dwelling on it since it makes it super hard to make friends. So, I usually see myself as not having very effective medications (such as SSRIs) for depression/anxiety etc. Either that, or it&#039;s hard to notice improvement. I specifically wanted to go on a medication for my social anxiety so my doctor ended up putting me on zoloft and I love it...I can actually see improvement and I have even made a friend. It&#039;s to the point where I feel like I can notice myself being more anxious when I forget to take it at the beginning of the day"
"I have been taking Paxil now for 3 months. Within 2 weeks ALL of my random panic attacks stopped. No more frustration or trying to understand why I have crushing panic attacks... they are gone and I sleep like a baby. It is God sent I lived in turmoil for years. I&#039;m taking 20mg every morning. Only bad part is.... I have almost no appetite and my sex drive is slightly lower than normal. Small price to pay to have peace of mind. Hope this helps."
"I was on this medication via a pump for 31 weeks while being pregnant and it was the only medication that worked."
"Four weeks now and it&#039;s amazing, I&#039;m just not hungry at all, not able to eat anything as much as I used to do, for example I used to eat 1x roll with cheese and tomato for breakfast now I can&#039;t finish it and only eat half. Same with other meals, lucky if I can eat a third. I&#039;ve lost 5 kg so far without exercising. Yes it&#039;s expensive but I save on less food! Ok,so the needle is nothing to worry about, it&#039;s tiny and it doesn&#039;t hurt at all, I started injecting in my hip but the absorption is a lot slower so I went on to inject in my tummy and it&#039;s fine, just squeeze a roll of fat and inject :) In the beginning I had problems with constipation and I mean BIG problems but now it&#039;s a lot better but you need to drink a lot of water."
"I started taking Lyza because my doctor said it would be better to get on a birth control pill with only one hormone due to history of high blood pressure on my Dad&#039;s side of the family. I repeatedly said I did not want to switch as my body was perfectly adjusted to the Aubra...but my doctor insisted I try it. I am 1 month in and I stopped taking it last night. I refuse to take one more pill. I hoped this would work for me but all I had were negative side effects that I have NEVER had (and I have been on birth control pills for 10 years!) I spotted the whole month... Continuous spotting. I was extremely bloated and gained 5lbs since I started taking it. I had horrible cramps, broke out, was moody, and it killed my sex drive."
"I am back to talk about my 16 month son. Actually this medication seens to work really well. After the first day using 5 drops daily I already notice the improvement.  Now it&#039;s been a week since we started him on Zirgan I took him to the doctor yesterday and the lesions on his eye are healed.  He still has some sensitivity to light but I&#039;m really happy with the results. Now we&#039;re going to start him on prolensa x2 daily. Hopefully by the end of the week he&#039;ll be a 100% again."
"I have been using the patch for 3 1/2 years now and so far its great. I don&#039;t have to worry about an everyday pill. I totally recommend it, specially for women who attend to everyday needs. It is very easy to wear and plus you get to change it every week. It sticks well too (when my husband first saw it he thought it was a band aid). I&#039;ve recommended it to all my friends. I love it I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll ever change it for another birth control."
"Was given this for pain, had bad shaking, very anxious and irratable. Also dizzy and nauseated."
"Been on Invokana for 3-4 months. Lower blood sugar numbers, I&#039;ve lowered my Lantus as a result and have lost 10 lbs. The weight lost is not instant, so to those who have been on it for a week and haven&#039;t lost weight, give it another week or so and the weight will start to come off. Do not have the dry mouth issue, do have the yeast infection issue, but have had that for a while now. Great medicine."
"It&#039;s helping my blood pressure level throughout the day but I have these &#039;rushes&#039; in my chest and some weird pains and numbness in the back of my left arm. Pulse rate sometimes goes through the roof and facial flushing. It&#039;s only two weeks on so hopefully some of this will even out. Much better than Lisinopril which made my hair fall out and rashes on my face, not to mention hacky cough."
"Excellent information. Everthing I was looking for and more."
"Didn&#039;t give it much of a chance - 2 weeks. Just felt lousy on it - dizzy, clumsy, not any benefits. In retrospect, should have stayed with it. Still the gold standard for Bipolar 1, which is not really me. Blood tests required, etc."
"I was started on this pill over 2 and a half years ago. I had tried a lot of different BC pills and read about Natazia online and asked my obgyn if I could go on it. This has been THE best bc pill I&#039;ve been on! I rarely have periods if any and don&#039;t have any side effects."
"I wish I had read these seven months ago. My fiance and I were preparing to marry, had never had sex before and were waiting for our wedding night to give ourselves to each other completely. Our wedding was beginning of July, so after reading a few reviews we had Nexplanon placed in May. I was fine until end of June when I couldn&#039;t stop bleeding. For 20 some years we had waited for this, and now I was going to bleed right through the wedding/ honeymoon, etc. I have now been bleeding almost constantly for almost 5 months. I get a week off here and there, but its miserable. We were so careful to save ourselves sexually, and now we can&#039;t even have sex because I can&#039;t stop bleeding. Getting it out tomorrow! It is effective birth control tho."
"UPDATE~ started taking phentermine on 7/18/14 and as of today 9/15/14 I&#039;m down 32 lbs in almost 2 months. Still have dry mouth but not as bad. Drinking 65 to 70 ounces of water a day along with a 1,800 calorie diet. No sugar no soda no fast food. Everything fresh and baked not fried.mire updates next month."
"I&#039;ve battled with anxiety for 10 plus years, was on medication 6 years ago for it then stopped.  I was having intense TMJ because I was constantly clenching my jaw as a coping mechanism for my anxiety. I finally decided to go on medication. My Doctor first put me on Celexa. I felt actually MORE anxious. Though it helped with my negative thoughts. I switched to Effexor. I started at 37.5 mg. I definitely feel a positive difference and my jaw clenching has completely stopped. Now I am up to 75 mg. I just feel very blah. Kind of numb, kind of &quot;dissociative&quot; like I&#039;m not present in my own body. I feel better, but I want to FEEL. I am not sure if I should up my dosage and then I&#039;ll feel &quot;normal&quot; or ween myself off."
"I have been using Campral for 35 days and I am amazed at how it works. It worked immediately for me and I have absolutely no desire to drink again. I wish I&#039;d known abut it years ago. I&#039;m not an alcoholic but I was a terrible binge drinker. I don&#039;t miss the hangovers or the regrets one little bit."
"Chlorathiazide and Chlorpromide work well for my Diabetes.  DDVAP would not work."
"I went on Celexa after three years of getting more and more depressed and my anxiety beginning to make it difficult to be at social events or function from day to day. I gave in to Celexa after hitting a low that I cannot explain. I couldn&#039;t get out of bed and I determined my life was worthless.  
I started on 10mg. The first two weeks were bizarre. Headaches, nausea and diarrhea. The anxiety seemed worse. But after 3-4 weeks it&#039;s like an ugly cloud lifted and I feel like I have my life back. I upped it to 20mg and I&#039;m staying at 20mg. I never worry about anything - which seems nuts. How can I not worry? I&#039;m unemployed, single, no kids, (I&#039;m 48) yet I feel like everything is okay, and I can move forward on achieving my goals."
"I have been taking 5mg once a day for a week.  The first drug that has brought my diastolic rate down below 80. Average readings 115/75. So far no unusual side effects."
"I lost touch with reality for quite a while. I mainly use this as a sleep aid, but I am a paranoid schizophrenic. As far as symptoms of my schizophrenia, it helps. However, whenever it&#039;s about time to take my dose I notice my condition worsening a lot. If I take it late, I am loopy and a bit delusion, but I hold a steady job that requires us to work late some days. Also, if I am just having an overall bad day, it seems to not help my symptoms at all. I am pretty sure I would be a lot worse without this medication. My insurance doesn&#039;t cover it, but I got a card from the doctor making my prescription only cost around 17 bucks. If I didn&#039;t have that card, it would be about 80 bucks with my work insurance. 400 or something with none."
"My periods have been incredibly irregular. I bleed every time I am sexually active."
"I suffered from severe postpartum depression, anxiety, and OCD. More so horrifying intrusive thoughts that consumed my life, I literally wanted to give up. I was too scared to try a medication. I suffered from the time my baby was 6 months old to 18 months old. Finally I decided that Zoloft was my last hope. I started off at a low dose of 25mg and gradually increased it to 50, and finally 100mg. I can say I feel amazing. I don&#039;t ruminate on my obsessive thoughts anymore. Yes sometimes the thoughts still come into my head, but I am able to notice them as being an anxious thought and I don&#039;t spend hours days or months obsessing on them. They literally come in and go out, and I can function! I love zoloft! It saved my life!"
"This is at least my 5th colonoscopy so ive done a variety of prep. If you can get away with Mirilax prep I think thats the best. Last night it took me an hour to get down the surprep. I puked twice. It works for purposes intended but the salty flavor is disgusting.  After reading the reviews here I got a lemon for the second dose. Sucked on a lemon, took a gulp, and another lemon to follow. Did that a few times and was able to get it down in 20 minutes. Drinking the two 16 oz bottles of water afterwards makes you so full you are uncomfortable.  Honestly,  im looking forward to anesthesia and dinner. Ive been on an all liquid diet since midnight two days ago. My advise... buy the lemon."
"When I first switched my birth control from the generic version of Ortho tri-cyclen lo to Kariva, it was an attempt to regulate my ph balance. Although the switch made no difference in that area, I noticed a significant change in my mood. In a GOOD way! I had been taking the other birth control for so long, I thought it was just me that had crazy mood swings every month. Once I switched, the moods were gone. My mind was blown. I have also noticed a decrease in acne which is always a plus. They&#039;ve also just changed the bubble pack to release the pills more easily. I recommend."
"The only thing good about Nexaplon is the convenience of it and not having to worry about taking a pill everyday. Other than that, it is absolutely terrible. I thought that when I got it it was going to be a great decision, but it wasn&#039;t. I have had it for about 8 months now and I have had vaginal, bacterial and yeast infections off and on no matter how many times I get them treated, they always come back, I have painful urination, painful sex, pain in the stomach during sex and more. I am getting it out as soon as I can and I really do not recommend it."
"I got my insert in November of 2013 since then I have gained over 50 pounds but that was the only downside for me, I have no acne whatsoever and have only had a little bit of spotting but that usually happens when you are close to the end when you need to have it removed. However anxiety and depression have worsened towards the end. By end I mean within the last year to 6 months until it need to be removed."
"I am a female in my late 60s, and on day 13 of the 1st round of 14.  After tomorrow, I will be off 2 weeks, and back on for 2 weeks.  I am using it on my temples and forehead.  Luckily, I have a lot of hair to cover the red spots that have surfaced on my temples.  However, I have had NO flu like symptoms, NO fatigue, NO stomach problems. Nothing.....just a bunch of ugly red spots"
"I got the Skyla placed about a year and a half ago. I love not having to worry about pills or condoms since I&#039;ve been in a monogamous relationship for 6 years and pregnancy prevention was our main concern. I&#039;ve had little to no bleeding, but all of the other symptoms of a period since then. I have been on birth control since I was 12 due to 12-15 day long periods with extreme pain. With Skyla, they last about 7 days on average with bloating, cramps, moodiness, and exhaustion, but nothing like what I had before. The only real problem I have with this is the insertion. I&#039;ve broken both of my ankles three times now and I&#039;m still not sure that amounts to the level of pain I had with insertion. I&#039;m scared to have it taken out to be honest."
"This birth control was great for the first year. After about 14 months of being on this I started to get horrible cystic acne. I have tried every face wash, herbal remedies, acne pills..EVERYTHING and it has not cleared up. My face is always red and inflamed when I get a breakout and it is all around my chin (hormonal acne). I am asking to switch at my appointment this week."
"I took my first dose of bydureon last night. Today, I am in intense body wide pain, stomach cramping, diarrhea, headache and hives everywhere. My face, tongue and throat swelled. I just want to crawl in a hole and stay there. My doctor switched me to this because regular insulin burns on injection and worsens my neuropathy. I have tried all the pens and tablets on the market, but I react to them all. I can barely hold my head up as I write this."
"I was given Levofloxacin 750 mg for 5 days, for a sinus infection.  On the 5th day I started having Achille Tendon pain.  I&#039;ve been off the medication for 4 days and I now have some swelling in the area as well as pain.  I have never had problems with my tendons.  In my opinion taking the drug was a big mistake and one that I regret.  From all I&#039;ve read this condition may not go away for a year if it even goes away.  For me the cure wasn&#039;t worth the horrible side effects.  I won&#039;t take its again or anything else in the Fluoroquinolone family."
"Once you find the right dosage for you, trazodone will put you to sleep. I&#039;m no stranger to sedatives - I&#039;ve taken Klonopin, Valium, Xanax, diphenhydramine, etc. None of those medications made me as clumsy as trazodone. I was falling over objects in the house and running into walls. I also felt my mental capabilities decrease - trying to complete a full sentence was a daunting task. Additionally, I experienced muscles aches, just like the side effects say. They were so bad that I could not even get out of bed and had to miss work.

It&#039;s unfortunate that doctors don&#039;t like to prescribe benzodiazepines. They helped me a lot than trazodone."
"The first month I got the implant I bleed for 2 weeks and then it stopped, which was manageable. Now I&#039;m back at school the second month that I was due to have a period with Nexplanon, and have been bleeding for 4 weeks straight. I had to call the doctor to see if this is normal because it is really hindering on the amount of money spent on tampons and pads, and my relationship with my significant other. The only thing the doctor recommended was taking ibuprofen to help slow the bleeding, which helps slightly. I got Nexplanon to ease the difficulty with having to be on my feet all day long, however this honestly sucks more than a normal period."
"I have taken this pill for 8 years. I am 23, 5&#039;1 110lbs. Have never experienced weight gain, and never had a pregnancy scare. I have always had clear skin and it stayed that way throughout the pill. I missed a couple pills last month and had spotting for a couple weeks. But I swear by this pill! Although, once in a while it did cause slight nausea and usually always low sex drive, as most others have agreed. Other than that I think it&#039;s a great form of medication."
"Yuck!!!! Disgusting and made me gag I mixed with apple juice as doctors office said to do this and I also chewed gum but it&#039;s very gagging."
"I have been on Contrave for 3 months now and am down about 35 pounds.  I love it!  I have had absolutely no side effects at all, and once I got up to the full dose I am not hungry at all.  In fact, I often have to remind myself to eat.  On my doctor&#039;s advice I&#039;ve actually lowered my dose back to 2 in the morning and one at night.  It isn&#039;t doing it all on its own.  I am also making an effort to be more active mainly through walking every day along with eating less.  I want to lose 90 pounds total and am well on my way."
"Seroquel has saved me from the anxiety of not falling asleep at night. I too was on Ambien and some natural supplements. I felt like I was living outside myself in a fog. After Seroquel, I sleep and I&#039;m rested. Occasionally have killer nightmares that are different than other dreaming I&#039;ve had. I did gain about 10 pounds as I got the munchies before I went to bed. I have that under control and I&#039;m not munching, have lost 5-6lbs. Did have a terrible time getting up in the morning, but I am hypothyroid. Doctor added 100 mgs of Wellbutrin and I can get up now. Wish I could sleep without all that, but can express the level of gratitude for this gift."
"This stuff works for me.  I am a very large man with a sinus system. When I am sick nothing works like Mucinex.  A good side affect in my opinion as I don&#039;t retain as much water in my limbs."
"My spouse drove me to the ER after I had a major panic attack.  I was given 50mg of Librium and under 1/2 hour I became relieved from the attack.  After 1 to 2 hours I had felt much more secure."
"Awful. Wore the patch for less than 24 hrsafter general anesthesia. I woke up in the middle of the night with my neck and the left side of my face swollen. When I pulled the patch off I started throwing up. I now get motion sickness in the car.   It&#039;s a week later and my neck is still swollen and I still have motion sickness ( which  I never had before). Its very painful. I should have taken the patch off sooner. I am 5-2&quot; and 130lbs. It might have been too strong."
"I was diagnosed 7 years ago with Multiple Sclerosis. I have been very tired and kind of aggravated all the time because of it. My Doctor prescribed Provigil (Modafinil) For me last year. ITS A MIRACLE for me. REALLY! It used to take all of my energy just to get up to walk to the sink for a drink, Now I power through a day of work alert and ready for more work. I&#039;m a cleaner, so I need energy. The surprise was with this medicine not only helped me to be more alert, awake and focused but I&#039;ve also been in a really great mood as well. HUGE PLUS. Because I always felt angry and cranky. I was given 200 MG, however, I find that its a bit too much and makes my heart race so I break it in half and its perfect. "
"I&#039;m a brazilian boy and i suffer from GAD, panic and depression.
I was trying to find an alternative to Effexor (which was great but caused sexual problems). After using lots of meds without the same success my doc prescribed me Clomipramine. 
It did work!!!! And without the sexual side effects.
But it has other side effects that i couldnt take like... everything tasted like rotten meat, my mouth and eyes were always dry (even drinking loads of water), my muscles felt so weak that sometimes i thougt i would not have the strengh to get out of bed, hands and chin trembling, sweating like hell... it completely deshumanized me. But if you&#039;re looking for something to kill your panic yeah this will work probably at the smallest dose"
"After two months of using the Mirena I started experiencing heavy bleeding. It has been a year and I still have heavy bleeding. Currently I keep getting cramps in my lower abdomen, which I have never had before."
"Great product have been using it on and off for 10 years. Was a smoker while using this product and it would open up sinus great .  Now I&#039;m a no smoker and use for allergies. Glad to see its now over the counter . Happy happy happy!"
"Naproxen was prescribed (x2 250mg ) for headaches I have been getting. Didn&#039;t seem to do a thing for that. However, the aches and pains in my joints (and trigger-finger related tendons) I have had for years go away pretty quickly. I feel 250mg lasts ~6hours until the pain starts to come back."
"I am a 24 year old male with ADHD, high functioning ADD as well as impulse control issues. I&#039;ve only been on this medication for a few weeks now, but I can feel a strong difference in my ability to make decisions and keep a steady train of focus in everyday tasks. I am noticing however, from these other experiences, that Guanfacine ER is not a medication for young children. 
I take 1mg every morning when I wake up. Makes me a tad tired for the first hour or so, but after that, if I make my mind up to do something, I stick with it. I don&#039;t feel like I have no control over myself anymore. 

I highly recommend this more to adults 20-30. Seems to be more effective in that age range. 
But then again, I&#039;m not a doctor. "
"I start my fourth week of Contrave tomorrow. The 4 a day week. So far I&#039;ve only lost 4-5 pounds, but I&#039;ve lost 3 inches in my waist, 1 inch in my hips and chest. Pounds a good but inches are great! As far as side effects go, constipation and mild head/neck ache since starting two in the morning. Starting weight 169 at 5&#039;3 and 33 years old. My doctor gave me a discount card for this since insurance didn&#039;t cover it. Would&#039;ve been $245 a month now only $90."
"I was prescribed Sprix for a severe fibromyalgia flare that lasted almost 3 months and nothing my Pain Management Dr. prescribed had helped.  I was prescribed Sprix and by the 2nd day I noted a considerable decrease in pain and by the end of day 4 the pain was gone.  I finished up the 5 day treatment and 4 days post treatment am still pain free."
"I was in the middle of having sex with my boyfriend when there was little lubrication and I felt pain so I made him stop then when he took off the condom it was broken and he actually ejaculated inside of me! This happened at around 11:00pm and of course all the pharmacies were closed so the next day as soon as most pharmacies opened(9:00) I got the plan b pill. My period was supposed to come yesterday and I just got it today so I made this review!! Plan B works! I was so scared but really, don&#039;t be. As long as you take it within 24 hours you&#039;ll be fine"
"Have been on it for 2 months, was getting hot flashed all day long. Night sweats even worse.  With days after starting the medicine, they pretty much stopped!  No more on and off with my fan- sleeping through the night!  And now, I ran out and haven&#039;t had it in 5 days (need to call for a refill prescription) and its all BACK. Covers off and on all night long. This REALLY works for hot flashes!"
"I have been taking 15mg at night before bed for 7 months now for anxiety, depression, weight loss due to a c.diff. infection (antibiotics). Mirtazapine, along with 20mg of fluoxetine has literally saved my life. I had been on only SSRIs before, but after this last bout, nothing was working. I had lost 25lbs and could not sleep at night, was crying all day, not eating, pacing all night, and wanted to crawl in a hole. I have gained the 25lbs back (and then some), have a ravenous appetite all day long, but it subsides when I exercise regularly. I sleep through the night and wake up refreshed. My partner is happy, too (no sexual side effects). Love this medicine."
"Imitrex injection is sometimes the only thing that will stop the headache.  Even when on Verapamil I can get head bangers that blow through, when this happens Imitrex can be the added push."
"I also take Mucinex and have since 2003. As I have read the reviews I have not read any mention of having to remove salicylates from all topical products. Been on Guiafenesin for 10 years and has helped me greatly. "
"Started of the 5mg Brintellix,  I usually have low blood pressure,   but noticed at first the headache and decided to monitor my blood pressure after taking the med.  Usually the headache started about 3 hours after taking it.   I took my blood pressure just to check and my BP was high  142/ 88.   My norm is 108/70, that is regularly.  I don&#039;t think I am going to be able to tolerate the discomfort it gives me with the headache and high BP,  no nausea.   I like the fact the food cravings I got on other meds is not a factor with this.  I was on Lexapro low dose for about 7 years,  but it I started to have tremors when I discontinued no tremors,  but depression and SAD returned,  so we tried Brintellix,  may have to try something else."
"This medicine has a lot of pros and cons. The pro is that your skin will clear almost completely and the con is that you will have dry lips and palms and joint pain. But I think it&#039;s a fair trade."
"I have tried several other medicines and all they did was a large weight gain, about 45 lbs. So I suggested to my doctor about Wellbrutrin SR and I have since lost the weight and have kept it off. So I&#039;am now a happy and thinner woman."
"I&#039;ve been taking varying versions of the same birth control for over 3 years now. First Sprintec, which I loved and took for two and a half of those years. Sprintec gave me an extra cup size and reduced my acne. Then Estarylla, which my OBGYN and pharmacist assured me was the same exact drug, except I immediately lost all sex drive after taking it. I don&#039;t mean a slight decline, I mean absolutely zero sex drive. It&#039;s like a switch was flipped. I also have noticed how depressed and irritable I&#039;ve been, it&#039;s like I&#039;m PMSing constantly. Now I&#039;m taking Ortho-Cyclen since my insurance covers it now, I see no improvements."
"20 years plus of left arm pain.  Been on just about everything from aspirin to 180mg morphine 3x a day. I am a veteran from the marine corp so my meds came from the VA.  But I was given this medication once and I took it for a day and it did not work, so I set it aside. I took myself of all meds except Ultram.   Started to take to much. M.D told me better take it easy or you will be cut from meds at VA. Once again I was prescribed gabapentin.  Three times a day.  After a week of taking it, I thought to myself WOW what&#039;s going on here.  Cutting back on Ultram and this stuff is working.  I have been through so so, so, much.  I have thought about harming myself because of my pain. First thing that works. Thanks for helping people like me."
"I tried percogesic for the first time when I had a recurring headache for 5 days. I tried everything to relieve the pain and nothing worked.  A friend told me about percogesic and I bought some.  My headache was relieved and I was able to sleep all night!  It really works and I would definitely recommend it!"
"This medicine helped my skin a lotttt ! But my face is now pretty immune to it and isn&#039;t working as well anymore but it does work great for the times before ! When i use it now I try to avoid the sun bc it makes me peel around my mouth when I go in the sun idk maybe it&#039;s just me but it sucks and is hard to get rid of at that point so just don&#039;t go in the sun with this stuff !!"
"I&#039;ve only been on this a week but I can honestly say I&#039;ve had zero side effects. In saying that it has made me very, very careful what I&#039;m popping in my mouth!  This week I&#039;ve lost 4.5lbs.  My aim is to lose 3 stone so some way to go, but it&#039;s going to be a journey and I know that - but I know it will also be worth it!"
"I took phentermine for 9 months losing close to 70 pounds (start weight 200 end weight 130) I was so happy with the results but.... As soon as I stopped taking it I gained all the weight back plus 10 pounds. My doctor prescribed it for me again but my body no longer responded to the medicine. That was my experience. I don&#039;t regret trying it."
"I&#039;ve been on about three different birth controls to regulate my heavy menstrual bleeding, the first one made me bleed the whole month, the second worked but my doctor was worried that such a high dosage especially at 15 wouldn&#039;t be good, the third I was on gave me my period every other week. Going onto Loestrin 24 Fe was really great, everything has gone well and I&#039;ve been on it for over 8 months now and the only side effect I&#039;ve had is the missed or light periods, they worry me. Other than that I would totally recommend this pill."
"I was on NuvaRing for about six months. For the first month or two, I had terrible headaches at the end of the days I had class, but everything else was fine. Fast forward to 3-5 months, I was moody, I was even a little depressed, and I had no sex drive. I wanted to eat everything in sight. From the second month to the sixth month, I gained about twenty pounds with no significant lifestyle changes or dietary changes besides the NuvaRing. If you are tolerant of high hormone levels and don&#039;t gain weight, this might be a good option for you. It stays in for three weeks and comes out the fourth week for your period (which mine came very regularly while on it). If it wasn&#039;t for the significant weight gain, I would have stayed on it."
"This is my first time using any form of birth control. I&#039;m glad I went with the patch, I have been on it for 8 months. At first It decreased my libido but that subsided. The only downside is that it made my periods longer (5-6 days to be exact) I used to only have periods for 3-4 days max also made my cramps intense for the first two days of my period, I never had cramps before using birth control. Other than that in happy with the patch"
"My son who just turned one year old was prescribed this medication after 2 medications prior did not work to cure his ear infection. I was skeptical of using this medication at first but after the desired result was achieved I certainly do not regret it."
"This is only my second week taking it  and I take it at night but right after I eat I get nauseous. My breast were sore but that went away. The only problem I&#039;m having is my period. It usually only last about 4 days but it&#039;s going on the 8th day now. Maybe I have to get used to it first."
"I have been a pack a day smoker for over 20 years. Previuosly I&#039;ve quit successfully on the patch and Zyban. Recently, I had a dream that I was told I had lung cancer and it was so vivid I called my doctor and started taking Chantix. It&#039;s now week 5 and I&#039;m smoke free and feel great. Only side affects are ocasional nausea and vivid dreams, ironic and no problem. You still have to be motivated to get past the cravings, but Chantix takes the Nicotine punch out of quitting so its bearable. "
"Just finished the 2 week tritation pack. Also being weaned off Cymbalta. Thus far the only &quot;relief&quot; I&#039;ve found is with fatigue. As far as pain, I still have it. My rheumatologist asked to give it at least 4 weeks, so I will.
Side effects are hot flashes to beat the band. For relief, I will deal!

I also suffer from psoriatic arthritis, and take a weekly injection of Humira."
"Taking this medicine in conjunction with Lamictal. Doctor gave it to me because I wasn&#039;t eating/had no desire to eat for a week and I wasn&#039;t sleeping at all, and also for depression.

This drug gives me crazy hunger cravings I have been on it for about  2 1/2 weeks now. When I first started it I was eating everything. Butter toast is still my favorite. I notice I crave salty and sweet foods. I am sleeping all of the time and I am on 15MG at bedtime. I have to drink coffee so I can get up and function if I have nothing particularly important I sleep until 3 or 4 o&#039;clock. So it definitely has helped with the insomnia and the not eating, but it makes me feel high."
"I have been on this birth control for a little over a year now and I CANNOT wait to switch my birth control in 2 weeks. Although I have not experienced any weight gain, acne, or emotional changes, this pill has made me spot like CRAZY. I would be fine for the first month of the pills but literally, as soon as I start the second pack of the pills until I get my period, I spot. It is infuriating! I told my doctor about this problem and she told me that you have to take this pill at the EXACT same time every day. No being 10, 20, 30 minutes late because otherwise you spot. I honestly thought I did a darn good job of taking my pill on time and yet I still experience bleeding. "
"After five months in 11-12 year old male, no noticeable side effects and works very well at reducing mania. (7.5mg)"
"Okay I used to be on Lomedia, then I was put Minestrin for some reason a few years ago, then for some UNKNOWN reason they stopped making that so I was forced to accept blisovi. Honestly I think I hate this pill more than Trump. I was fine with it for the first few couple of months (all you &quot;nice&quot; reviewers need to wait a few months to really know what you&#039;re dealing with), I barely got my period AT ALL and sometimes not at all which was nice but also scary at first bc that has never happened. I have been on BC for over 10 yrs now and this is the worst BY FAR. I thought I was just getting older, but I have gained weight (10-15lbs) way faster than I ever have in the past and its hard to get off. My moods are terrible and I spot now"
"Using Junel 1/20 to prep for IVF. I have been off birth control for two years.
I took Junel with food, and before bed, to help avoid nausea. I woke up a couple hours later in the middle of the night with moderate nausea and aches, but no vomiting. The next night, I took it with food, before bed, and with ibuprofen. Woke up in the middle of the night with minor headache and very mild nausea- not even close to vomiting, just a slight stomachache. After the second night, no nausea or aches. I continued to take with food before bed, and took ibuprofen for two more nights just in case.
I think my body just wasn&#039;t used to birth control after two years of no hormones."
"This was prescribed by my Dentist.  It took another 8 months before I could try it out.  I woke up Monday morning to that little swollen hot spot on my lower lip so that was past the tingle phase.  I took  the medication as directed and upon waking on Tuesday morning it was like it had just stopped any progression.  It is now Thursday and it is almost gone.  Normally it would have been a mess of open blisters, oozing and bleeding and me knowing it would take another week to see healing start.  This medication is almost a miracle as far as I&#039;m concerned.  I had no side effects that I know of and because it is a generic, it&#039;s not expensive.  I would recommend this to anyone."
"Best medicine ever but made me gain 15lbs in 6 months"
"The Doctor said it would take 10 days to 2 weeks to kick in, but at day 8 I noticed a real difference. I was on Wellbutrin for several years, and took myself off 2 years ago. But as life happens I need a happy pill again. I was having SEVERE panic attacks, which I had never had before. So glad to have my Doctor prescribe CELEXA, it&#039;s so awesome to feel normal again. The only real side effect was yawning for a few weeks. No sexual side effects at all, it&#039;s better, because I feel better. So if you are questioning it DON&#039;T for the sake of you and your loved. Try it."
"In a cocktail of anticonvulsants, this non-neuroleptic antipsychotic is great in stabilizing mixed manic symptoms and the depressive side. It took me one month to bear the side-effects but now it&#039;s ok. Better than all the antipsychotics I tried before that gave me unbearable tiredness or tremors/jerkiness."
"I absolutely hate this thing! I got it implanted at the end of december thinking it would be a great alternative to the pill, after the first month of January. It has prevent pregnancy but  I&#039;ve had  a period everyday since January 28. I&#039;ve also experienced severe depression and mood swings. I will be getting this thing out ASAP, I feel like my mood changes are on a downward spiral."
"i was on atenolol for a year 25 mg prn for palpitations.  Then i felt like crap without it.  Started experiencing more palpitations, doc put me on it twice a day. after a bout with ED, I asked to be put on something else, doc didn&#039;t budge.  I was diagnosed with mild aortic valve regurg. new doc, reluctantly switched me to coreg 12.5 2xday.  No longer ED, but it makes my heart rate go from 72 w/bp 126/69 at rest to 50 with bp raised to 149/78 with that low a pulse. Horrible bouts of light-headedness, subdermal rashes that won&#039;t go away, 50 pounds gained with even more exercise and closely monitored diet than before, and blood pressure that will not stay regulated.  Never had high bp before getting on beta blockers.  stay away unless absolutely necessary!!!!"
"I have used Zyclara for 10 days I have all of the side effects except for the lymphadenopathy. The side effects began on the 8th day of usage. I am taking myself off the drug for at least two days and will stay on the schedule of 2 weeks of medication, 2 weeks off, and 2 weeks back on. I was warned by my doctor that I might need a rest from the medication and I was thinking it was because of the sores it creates, but it is that and everything else.  "
"I have had 3 major life-saving surgeries in 11 months, and have tried a number of pain medications. While grateful to be alive, the constant pain had reduced my quality of life to just about zero. I now take Oxycontin 20 mg 2x a day,   vicodin 10/325 4 times a day for breakthrough pain. This &quot;recipe&quot; has literally given me my life back!  Occasional constipation is the only real side-effect I&#039;ve experienced. 6 months ago I spent most of my life in bed. Now I am able to participate in all the activities I enjoyed before the surgeries, and take care of the day to day responsibilities of housekeeping, etc, without help. "
"I started a month ago and my viral load went from 2 million to being undetected already . This is truly a great drug . Have not had any major side effects . I have more energy now than I have had in over 20 years. This may not be advertised heavily like Harvoni but this works just as good if not better when you read all the side effects of Harvoni . Give it a shot I&#039;m surprised it has worked so fast ."
"wondered why the sample Doc. gave me was so small.  Did little to help.  Know I realize it is so expensive, I am sad that my ophthalmologist probably works for more for big pharma, than in my interest."
"Excellent medication! very effective for insomnia and mild depression.  If you wake up feeling groggy it&#039;s probably because you are taking too much; try half.  I take 25 to 50mg at night, have a restful sleep, and wake up in the morning a bit sleepy but I have some coffee and take a shower and problem solved.  I haven&#039;t felt this good in a long time.  I&#039;ve tried Ambien, Melatonin, Lunesta, Magnesium, Valerian Root to sleep; Zoloft, Fluoxetine, Wellbutrin, and Celexa for depression.  This medication is by far the best I&#039;ve tried for BOTH! Sleep issues and mild depression.  Give it a try!
41 years old female with long history of insomnia and mild depression."
"I&#039;m a 20yr old woman who has never had kids and I&#039;m here to tell you how to get an IUD so you don&#039;t have a terrible experience like some of the people who rate this drug badly
Don&#039;t listen to the bad reviews!
They will just freak you out, plus complications are extremely rare, especially if you ask the doc (not a nurse) about his/her personal stats. Side effects like moodiness, weight gain and acne are impossible! Less than 1% of the drug gets in your blood stream so it can&#039;t have the same side effects as most birth controls
The cervix softener and ibprofin really help with pain while lorazipam helps relax your muscles. Make sure you take them! 
It will hurt like a strong cramp, but it is brief and worth the 99.7  protection plus no periods"
"I am almost 50 yr old female just, diagnosed with ADD/ADHD. In elementary school super bright but would finish my work quickly and disrupt the rest of the class.  I was never considered hyper just a little &quot;naughty&quot; and disrupted.  Now looking back as things in my life have become more disruptive as I age.  Couldn&#039;t hold a job lately, drink too much etc.  I have the Adderral now and that&#039;s great. However, when I read about it not working or it becomes less effective, I get nervous because I don&#039;t want to be that disruptive unemployable person.  I met a Doctor who has ADD as well.  He found that simple blood hormone test and restoring your levels can assist in using less medication, making the medication more effective and less side effects."
"When my wife screamed &quot;GOD I LOVE THOSE PILLS&quot; when we were having fun, I supposed that gives Cialis a 10 rating!"
"Hi everyone,
Dealing with knee osteoarthritis for years. Pain got so bad that I could only do minimal exercise and was waking up from pain. Ibuprofen does help, maybe a 50% pain inhibition taking 6 pills a day. With Celebrex, 200mg/ twice daily, I am having about 90% pain reduction. I am now biking daily, no problem going up and down stairs. This is a miracle drug. Not a cure, but close!"
"Alright ladies I&#039;m here to tell you a mirena experience that was actually pleasant! I was 18 and I got it inserted last July (2014). Most people experienced a horrible, painful insertion but this can be prevented! Before I had it inserted I told my OBGYN to numb my cervix ( she used a spray and within 30 seconds I was good to go ). The whole procedure took less that 1 minute and 30 seconds. Afterwards I felt No craps, no nausea, no headache and even to this day no weight gain. However, after I got mirena I got my period 2 weeks later. At first it was like an ordinary period, but it didn&#039;t end like one because I spotted for a whole month straight But after that I&#039;ve been period free for almost a year. I love this thing. I trust it so much."
"I just started this med and I am on week 5 of the &quot;starter&quot; pack. I know it&#039;s a little soon to give my opinion BUT I want to give words of encouragement if you&#039;re struggling with your diagnosis and taking &quot;that pill&quot;. I spent so much time in a deep, dark hole and I started getting &quot;scared&quot; that I wasn&#039;t going to see sunshine in my life again. I became desperate enough to call my Doc and agreed that I was &quot;probably&quot; bipolar (she saw it and I was in denial!) and I was willing to talk &quot;meds&quot;. After the first two weeks I noticed that life was looking better and I felt like participating a little...by the end of week 4 I was able to have a conversation. I&#039;m starting to see beautiful colors in my once bleak world!"
"Took Aviane for about 1.5 years. Periods were extremely irregular. More often than not I would have them 2-3 weeks of the month...and rarely on the placebo week. However, I did not gain weight, my acne was controlled, and I didn&#039;t get pregnant. The periods were just extremely annoying to deal with."
"I recently got married so my husband and I started discussing different birth control methods and decided on the pill. I have suffered from acne since I was 13 and when I found Ortho Tri-Cyclen, approved to treat acne, I thought it would be a good pill for me to try. My experience on Ortho so far has been positive. I have been on the pill for three months (my third pack) and have had no negative side effects. I have been happier, haven&#039;t gained any noticeable weight, no mood swings, way lighter/shorter periods, no pregnancy, and larger breast. I&#039;m a bit disappointed because my acne has only slightly improved but hasn&#039;t worsened. Maybe if I remain on the pill longer my acne will completely disappear. Overall I&#039;m happy and will remain on Ortho Tri Cyclen."
"This is a wonder drug for my Depression. However, the only drawback is to me it is physically addicting."
"I have used this product many times but this is the first time it has felt like this the itching is unbearable. I really wanted to go to the ER. I wondered if the made a few changes in product cause I&#039;ve never felt like this I literally wanted to scratch it out ."
"Effective drug, gave me a lot of relief."
"I typically don&#039;t write reviews but I have to warn people, just like everyone else, about how awful this is. Nearly 5 minutes after I injected the ointment I began to feel the absolute most SEVERE ITCHING I have ever felt. I&#039;m only on day one and do not plan on using it any longer. A treatment should not feel this way, I encourage people to try another one. I wish I had seen the reviews before I tried this. I am now about an hour into usage of this product and I have managed to decrease the itching. What worked for me was taking a quick shower and rinsing down there thoroughly to take out some of the ointment and finally just wiping as much off as I possibly can."
"I started taking Savella about 7 years ago and still use it today. I started taking it in the drug testing phase before it was released to the public. I started out on only 10 mg 3 times daily and slowly built up to 75 mg in the morning and 50 mg at night. In the beginning the side effects were nausea, dry mouth and headache.   After a couple of years..high blood pressure too now managed with meds. The benefits far outweigh the side effects. I ride my bike 3 miles a day and work 40 hours a week at a physically demanding job. Stick with it until the side effects subside. It will be worth it."
"Hello, I found the cream very effective for a tinea condition but from the 1st or second day I felt very dizzy like I had Vertigo. Also very dry mouth and thirsty while sleeping. Has taken me 8 days to realize it (may) be the cream."
"I started taking this medication for PCOS. I would suggest the XR to help with the side effects. Stick to it because the side effects are bad the first 1-2 weeks but after that it gets easier."
"I was able to use CimPay to cover my $350/month copay. I was in such total remission that it felt like I didn&#039;t even have Crohns. Loved not going to hospital for Remicade infusions and had no problems with injections or any side effects. Unfortunately, now have been exposed to TB and am positive for Latent TB Infection and must discontinue Cimzia. Abdominal pain restarted at just one week past missed dose, so have been prescribed Pentasa."
"Was on Duavee off and on for a couple of years. All I did was gain weight. Helped with hot flashes not not near as well as Gabapentin. My girlfriend told me about it, my doc had never prescribed it for that.

It has helped tremendously! And no weight gain. I don&#039;t see any side effects. Would highly recommend trying."
"It is working great for me and unlike other medications it is not a controlled drug nor addicting."
"Medicine worked great to clear up my ear infection, but I had a severe rash as a side effect and had to stop taking it.  I had no respiratory reaction or other symptoms of allergic reaction."
"I had been on Trinessa since I was 19 and am now 23. I was switched to Tri-Sprintec because my pharmacy only carried that for generic. I figured I&#039;d give it a try since the hormone levels were the same as Trinessa and I had no problems what so ever on Trinessa. Well for the last 6 months I&#039;ve been excessively irritable and T&#039;ve never cried so much in my life. My already C cups have gone up to a DD. I have absolutely no sex drive and it&#039;s starting to affect my relationship. I don&#039;t want to do anything anymore but sit on the couch and sleep. I also have been getting really bad cramps and abdominal pains not just during my period but all the time! I&#039;m switching back."
"Iron pills make one constipated. Magnesium citrate 2x a month relieves problem. Recommend replenish water and a few vitamins after losing so much fluids. Advise to take on a day off to prevent embarrassing and uncontrollable potty trips. I take at night before bed, next morning its works. I stay at home for most of the day until mission accomplished. Good luck!"
"I started taking Kadian for a couple of days then swapped back to my ms-contin until my next drs .visit to see what we need to do about the dosage .I started with the 10mg-ER which was good through the day but had &#039;the jitters&#039; most of the time which I didn&#039;t like then it only lasted for maybe 10 hours &amp; then started to detox &amp; was awake the biggest part of the night until I was so tired I fell asleep around 4 a.m.The next day I took it again about 8 a.m.then took a second dose around 7 p.m. then stayed awake all night with &#039;the jitters&#039; until 5 a.m.  So I changed back to my 30mg ms-contin until I can see my dr. Needless to say, I wasn&#039;t very happy with the change so I&#039;m hoping for something better or I&#039;ll just have to pay $80 a month for the ms-contin"
"10 years ago I took Chantix to help me quit smoking. I had no side effects or problems while taking it. I only had to take it for 1 month and I was able to quit smoking. I was very happy with Chantix."
"Best medicine I&#039;ve been on !!!! Focused,low anxiety,sleeping well no night terrors ."
"I take Oxycontin 60mg 3x a day, and Roxycodone 15mg 4x a day for chronic back/neck pain. Sometimes I do too much walking, or get severe neck pain that the pain meds don&#039;t control. I add one 25mg Vistaril and it enhances my pain meds effectiveness. About 3 to 4 hours later I become EXTREMELY drowsy, and often fall asleep, not good in the middle of afternoon! I think the occasional Ativan is almost as helpful, w/o all the sedation. Good drug, only if I can afford to be asleep."
"It made my stomach hurt, gave me bad gas pain and a headache."
"Positive response within a week. 20mg was sufficient during the spring and summer seasons. Sexual side effects are minimal and virtually disappear once used to the medication after the last dose increase. Insomnia at first, but with time this side effect has gone away. Very satisfied."
"I just started Bydureon a few days ago.  The needle was intimidating and while I did not get any lumps (so far) at the injection sight on my thigh, I bled a lot and bruised.  
Within an hour of my injection, I experienced heart palpitations, dizziness and extreme lethargy.  Then, the extreme vomiting started.  I vomited every 2 hours for 12 hours straight, it was terrible.  The next day, I was just a little nauseous but okay.  Now, I experience queasiness and loss of appetite.  I am nervous to take my next injection due to the extreme vomiting.  I am hoping the results are worth it."
"I have moderate RA with sacrum fractures due to my low back fusion and hardware.  I have cervical fusions as well with scar tissue and pain.  I was taken off my current medication for pain (been on for 6 years) and was put on the Butrans patch 20mcg/hour.  I became very ill, extreme migraines, stomach pain, fatigue to the point I could barely concentrate on anything.  I literally felt like I had the flu.  After a 2 week period on the patch it did very little to control my pain, and made it difficult to be active during the day.  I couldn&#039;t take this medication after the two week period.  I do not recommend this medication for people who have moderate to severe chronic pain."
"As recommended by my urologist, I began taking the 20mg pill every 2 days.  After about 2 doses, I began to have a horrible back ache and headache.  I stopped taking it for about a week and the joint pain faded away.  I reported this to my doctor and he recommended cutting the pill into 3 parts.  Now I take 1/3 every other day with no side effects.  Erections are strong and last as long as necessary.  Also works for 2 days consistently regardless of how many times I get an erection in that time.  Wife and I both can&#039;t believe it works so well and produces such &#039;big&#039; results!"
"Zofran worked wonders after my operation. Significantly decreased my nausea. It&#039;s a great medication in my eyes."
"Pt. 2: My face still hasn&#039;t calmed down. The last bad side effect ....I&#039;ve gained weight. In the matter of 3 weeks idk how it can work so fast but my mother sat me down one day and asked me why do I look...like a balloon and I just started crying. 

On the other hand, I had no spotting, my sex drive was still fine. 
I wish I could rate this -2000 and not just a 1. "
"This is an update to my posting late Jan. Now after 4 months of titration I&#039;m at 40mg. But disappointed. I could sleep 12 hours each night if allowed to, constantly tired. And taking a new hysingla pill every 15-18 hours for bleed-through pain. Definitely missing my old four times a day Percs, but I&#039;d be doubling up on those too I&#039;m sure. So Dr says live with it. Pain level at 2. But never any better. And that&#039;s disappointing. Dr won&#039;t go higher."
"I had it in when I was 16 im 18 now and for the first 2 years it was fantastic until my period started messing up I would bleed for 4/5 weeks then nothing for 2 week then the same again for a few months until I had an appendicitis and had an emergency operation to have it took out it turns out slot of my pain was caused by a pool of blood in my pelvis when I bled for weeks the blood was coming back up through my ovaries and into my pelvis do had to have my rod out asap I won&#039;t EVER have it in again!!!"
"After being diagnosed with a UTI, I was given macrobid 100mg 2xday. The first day was fine. On the second day, I noticed a lot of stomach pain after taking each dose. On the 3rd day, I woke up with a headache, abdominal pain, and a weak and ill feeling. I called my doctor to see if i could get switched to another medication. I felt ill, foggy headed and anxious the rest of that day. I did not like this medication and won&#039;t take it again."
"No effect on UTI"
"My son was diagnosed with Juvenile Arthritis when he was 11 years old. He started having pain in his heels and feet and was on crutches and unable to walk. He went from super active playing basketball and football to being unable to walk and going to school on crutches and in lots of pain. After being diagnosed and starting on the injections, my son noticed immediately the flare ups stopping and being able to walk with a limp, then jog, then run and back to playing all the sports he loves. He actually looked forward to the injections because he was able to see improvement each week with the injections. In two years his only side effect is an occasionally upset stomach."
"Fantastic- you can no longer see my scalp in the front. I am going to try it on my eyebrows!  It&#039;s not often a product works as promised- but it did for me. I lost hair at 50 and am now 54. I will continue to use Rogaine for women."
"29Year Old Male -

Quite a bubbly person really but suffer with bad periods of Anxiety and Depression with a lot of Self Confidence issues. I have tried all types of SSRI

Fluoxetine, Citalipram, Escitalopram, Propranolol (Beta- Blocker) and none of them seemed to work or do anything about the anxiety. 

Suffered with Dizzyness Lack of motivation breathing problems, twitches and emotional problems. 

Within a week of taking venlafaxine I felt brilliant with hardly any side effects. Little bit sweaty during the day and a slight headache at first but they really do make an impact. I have heard a lot about coming off them but I will take each day as it  comes and stay on these for as long as advised. 

Definitely rate these tablets."
"I&#039;m 23 and have had my Nexplanon since August of 2014. I absolutely love it. 
The first three months were difficult, went through a mood swing stage and a super oily stage and then I swear 6 months hit and every bad symptom completely disappeared. 
I&#039;m super happy I waited out the full 6 months."
"I have taken this medication many times due to recurring bacterial vaginitis. It causes me to have severe heart palpitations, panic attacks, nausea and severe dizziness and causes me to feel like I&#039;m just shaking inside. The medication itself works very well. It does get rid of the infection. I take Diflucan along with it to prevent a yeast infection but I recently found out that the medication has caused my liver enzymes to rise."
"My son was diagnosed with ADHD at the age of 6. I was extremely against trying medications, but after an extremely difficult kindergarten and start of first grade, I decided that it was worth looking into. My son was miserable, and it broke my heart to see him coming home everyday in tears. We tried a variety of behavioral interventions, but nothing worked and my son was not happy. We decided, based on a friend&#039;s advice (her daughter had success with concerta) to give it a shot. OMG! It was like night and day! Slight decrease in appetite initially, but other than that, it&#039;s been a godsend. Wishing all you parents the same success we had!!!!"
"I have horrible Restless Legs Syndrome. Not just in my legs, and not just when I&#039;m trying to sleep; I experience a horrible tension in my limbs all day. Tramadol (Ultram) completely cured it. Also, I experience chronic pain from an old injury, and Ultram is the only NON-OPIATE medication that actually helps my pain."
"I took Mirena for 3 years and switch today to paraguard instead. Insertion wasn&#039;t too painful and hurt much less than the IUD I have now. The removal was actually hurt more) Anyways, the first year I had irregular periods, but no weight gain, no moodiness, no pain during sec, or lack of sex drive-  so that was great. The reason I chose to remove it, is that the last 6 months or so, I had much more spotting, I thought my periods would go away, but they never did, and it became highly unpredictable. I am hoping that if I have to have a period, I&#039;d like to know when it is, even if it&#039;s heavier. I am now going to give the Paraguard a try and see how it goes, if the side effects are worse than Mirena, I will likely be switch back."
"I got the Mirena inserted 3 weeks ago this Friday. The insertion was quick but slightly painful, the cramps started right after and were really bad for the first week. After I got cramps every day just during the late afternoon for some reason. The cramps stopped about a week ago. I am still spotting. I think once I stop spotting I will be happy with the product. I&#039;ve been super emotional as well."
"I LOVE IT. I had Implanon implanted early September 2011 and had a little bit of spotting for the first 3 weeks and that was it. As for the procedure, I HATE NEEDLES. I had the doctor distract me for the whole process and I still fainted (haha oops) the procedure wasn&#039;t as bad as I may have made. It just seems with my fainting (I&#039;m just a wuss),  it was fast and basically painless. My periods have completely stopped. I love not worrying about having to take a pill every day. Overall I am very happy with Implanon! 
"
"Decided to try Pristiq after feeling like my depression and anxiety were taking complete control of my life. It was the first time I ever tried medicines of this sort and I have to say it really has turned my life around. I feel completely energized in my private and professional life and enter new tasks with a renewed sense of optimism. 
"
"I really wanted this method to work as I have not had much luck with other types of contraception. Although at first I put on weight, and have a fairly constant period. I have now had it in for about 1 year + and the periods have settled down. But i have noticed that I feel slighty, or sometimes very depressed before my period. This is not something I suffered with before, at least not to the same extent. It took me a while to realise that it could be the implant causing this, and now that i have I really just want it taken out. Has anyone else had a similar experience?"
"For years I suffered migraines and I swore they were menstrual related and no one believed me until finally a nurse practitioner discussed Prementrual Dysphoric Disorder (PMDD) with me.  My severe moods and migraines were relieved as long as I stayed on Zoloft.  PMDD is worse than PMS and I find not as easily diagnosed.  I have been having more migraines lately but I am not sure if I have missed doses or need to increase.  Zoloft has definitly helped me."
"So it&#039;s officially day three of the monistat 7 and I can&#039;t lie the first time it burned. But to me it burned because hello I had a yeast infection of course it&#039;s going to burn a bit but now it&#039;s day 3 and honestly no burning anymore so it&#039;s clear to me that the medicine has worked. Tough it out ladies it&#039;s not so bad."
"I noticed my bipolar disorder around puberty. It took years of trying and waiting out different kinds of medications. 3 years later I found the right ones, after serious depression, rage and manic episodes. Including suicidal thoughts, hurting people and self in bouts of serious rage. For 7 years I&#039;ve been taking 20mg Lexapro for depression, 120mg Lamictal for mania and 0.25mg risperidone to help me chill and sleep at night. It&#039;s worked great. But lately I&#039;ve been having terrifying nightmares and trouble sleeping so I was just prescribed 0.5mg of risperidone. "
"I am 39 years old now, and have been on Tegretol since I was 20.  I have not had a seizure for 19  years.  Then, this past weekend, I went on a trip and did not take my Tegretol for 3 out of the 4 days I was there.  The next day, I had a grandmal seizure and the ambulance came.  I attribute it to becoming complacent and it really bit me, but I will not make this mistake of being lazy and not taking it again.  I was on 200 mg for the last 3 years without a problem, but will increase it to 400 mg just in case.  Tegretol really does work wonders and I hope to be seizure free the rest of my life, if I can faithfully stay on this medicine."
"Absolutely amazing! Since I have used this medicine my face has cleared up in less than a month! I had a lot of bumps on my forehead and pimples and my face including cheeks. I also feel that it is helping with my acne scars. I really hoped this helped and that more people can live with clear skin:)"
"Inserted about 9pm last night. Fortunately, I did not have the awful reactions the others had, however, its 3:23pm now, &amp; I still feel an itch. The cream did not work for me, so I bought Vagisil wash &amp; maximum strength cream, keep changing my pantyliner so it is dry. Hopefully it will completely go away in 2 days otherwise I have to go to my Gyn and have an Rx for Diflucan called in, which I wish I did in the beginning. It would have just cleared this up in no time and I could have used my flexible spending account on it. I put up almost $30 for this OTC treatment. Sigh."
"I finished epclusa two weeks ago. I&#039;ve had gum pain, and pain in my legs since. I&#039;m glad to be completed. I&#039;m not sure why everyone keeps leaving reviews only a few weeks into treatment. My sides effects varied weekly...so I couldn&#039;t really give a review while taking the drug. I also have a ringing sound in my head all day everyday, and no hearing loss. I hope that goes away with time. Undetected since week 4. I&#039;d like to hear from others who are months into recovery after this. Do you feel better? Did your sides go away?"
"This medication has really improved my quality of life one hundred percent. My concern is whether there is a difference in terms of manufacturer. I took Apotex for years, but I guess they discontinued it. I started taking Northstar Rk, and I am not responding so well. I am now experiencing back pains."
"Started taking 3-4 yrs ago in early 50&#039;s while transitioning from RR into SP. Early on saw subtle improvement with only mild constipation, but was unable to go without AFO.  Past year in SP, balance and gait worsened where use AFO &amp; cane fulltime.  Decided a month ago to stop taking.  Balance much better.  Gait seems unaffected.  Living  with SP is definitely different from RR."
"I&#039;ve taken a lot of meds in 19 years and took Depakote for around 1 yr.  Weight gain about same as Lithium. This drug gave me hallucinations at night and freaked me out big time. Beware. I didn&#039;t hallucinate before the drug and now that I&#039;ve stopped it 6 months ago - no Depakote = no hallucinations"
"This drug did help me sleep, but it did not put a dent in my anxiety one bit. In fact, I had a major panic attack while I was on the drug earlier this year, which I rarely have."
"It tastes SO BAD. I don&#039;t know how the got the taste and smell of Robitussin (spelling?) cough syrup but I couldn&#039;t finish the second bottle. I&#039;ve hated he smell and flavor since I was a kid so I couldn&#039;t choke it down twice. However. It works really really well."
"I have rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia and had a knee replacement recently. I was having a lot of pain and the short term medicines were not helping.  I switched to this on the advice of my physician and it is the difference between night and day. One pill in the morning and one at night keep me from derailing.  I am able to do my Physical Therapy, go to work, and have energy for the first time in a month."
"I took this at 11am today and by 3pm I was feeling like I was going to DIE ! MY HEART was literally jumping out my chest, I threw up several times, shaking, sweating and couldn&#039;t breath.  I went Drs and they said that my body had a reaction to it.  Mind u I&#039;m only 47.7 kg n 5&quot;1 ... tiny but mighty.

I was on zoloft n everything was fine !! 

NEVER EVERRR EVERR EVERRRRR TAKING THIS MEDICATION AGAIN ! 
27 years old n iv had depression since I was 16... lexapro..lovan..zoloft ALL AMAZING but this one I would NEVER touch...

Honestly my jaw is hurting my teeth is numb...n im still shaking ..but its only 7.30 pm CANT WAIT FOR THIS TO B OUTTA MY SYSTEM "
"Very discouraged after taking 10 days of Sulfa and 2 weeks of Doxycycline that my family doctor prescribed.  Symptoms got better but never went away. Went to a Urologist and he said his first choice is definitely Cipro. Also said that Doxy is a &quot;static&quot; drug and WILL NOT kill the bacteria, it will only stop replication.  Cipro kills it. I&#039;ve also searched the web up and down for answers and almost all say it takes 4-6 weeks of taking a Cipro related drug.  Finishing up week 6 of Cipro and all my symptoms are GONE and feel normal again!  Going to take another week to be on the safe side. Give this time to work...it&#039;s not an overnight fix.  Frustrating, but true.  Also, no side effects either."
"I didn&#039;t have such a good experience with it. Whenever I take it after breakfast as my doctor prescribed me, i feel nausea and dizziness. In the starting days I felt severe weakness and pain in my backbone and in my whole body but as the time passed my feelings are getting changed just like I like  feel vomiting even during sleep. I feel like my heart comes out, I feel dizziness too much and feel blah. I&#039;m worried about my condition because it is necessary to take this medicine but the side effects are making my life like hell."
"Have taken Jalyn for 2 weeks. Went from 3 or 4 times a night to 1 or none (having to go to the toilet). Haven&#039;t had this much sleep in a long time. Hope I can keep taking it."
"Have done 3 &#039;rounds&#039; of this, 4 weeks each and have never been so exhausted, sick to my stomach and out of it. It helped clear up the Guttate psoriasis and inverse psoriasis but didn&#039;t do much for the psoriatic arthritis."
"I had 2 shots (1 every 6 months) for 2 years, then skipped 6 months.  I plan to begin again next March for bone preservation.  I want to avoid fracture risks.  I had no bad side effects."
"I&#039;ve taken Cymbalta for almost a year for depression and anxiety. I&#039;m also taking Buspar. My anxiety and depression are noticeably improved. I have tried many of the SSRI&#039;s without any help, but this SNRI is great. I take 40mg/day. I&#039;ve been as high as 60mg/day but found no help at the higher dosage. The only side effect might be a bit of drowsiness. I tried to reduce my dosage quickly and found this is not a drug one wants to &#039;cold-turkey&#039; to get off the drug. The benefits far exceed any bad side effects."
"Started about 1 week ago. Was fine then all of sudden I started feeling really tired, restless. Nothing unusual. Now I have no appetite. Spaced out majority of the day. My mood swings are through the roof. And tonight I had a nightmare. Calling my doctor to see what to do."
"This medicine worked well for my addiction to alcohol. Within a weeks time I was sober and feeling good and a detox facility was not needed. All from the comfort of my own home."
"I&#039;ve used ambien for a couple months, probably 2 out of 3 days, and it works great.  It makes me able to fall asleep but doesn&#039;t knock me out.  It prevents me from waking up repeatedly for no reason, but I can still wake for a phone call.  I wake up in a shorter time feeling more refreshed than normal.  I didn&#039;t do anything funky in my sleep either (no strange women or empty fridges so far).  "
"I suffered from migraines terribly, I&#039;m only 15 now and I got them almost everyday and I got put on propanolol and it was perfect! I only had migraines a couple times a month, however a while after using it it didn&#039;t work so I stopped using it all together and got put on Pizofen (or something like that). I am off medication at the moment but I get headaches very easily (like waking up with curtains open so I&#039;m in bright light. It doesn&#039;t even have to be sunny). I think I may start taking propranolol again."
"It takes extraordinary willpower to consume each dose every 10-15 minutes for 3 hours and then again the next mourning. If you enjoy vomiting and self torture this product may be for you."
"I have been on ambien for years. At one period of time, not living in this country I was prescribed 20 mls a night. Back here in the US I have been put on 12.5 extended release. I usually take 1 and a half to get me to sleep with 2 phenergan. I crave sweet things after taking it. I run out Halfway through the month. I was getting a supply from India of 10mls too for 150 dollars but ran out of those this week. I was given to try Lunesta 3 mls I have been awake for hours after taking the Lunesta plus 2 phenergan and 300 mls of gabapentin. I have been to a sleep Center as well. They wanted to take me off all sleep meds except for Gabapentin and gave me A sleep machine. Totally useless, a lot of money. Ambien for me are way better than anything"
"Gabapentin, for neuropathy, not diabetic, a smoker, treated with interferon for 13 months. I am female, 65 years of age. Dosage, 800 mg, 4 tablets a day.  It did help with the neuropathy, I noticed no side effects.  Then I read that Gabapentin could attribute to weight gain if taken with prescription pain medication.  So, I quit taking it cold turkey.  I was not informed by my neurologist to not just stop taking this medication.  
Within a few months I became ill. I was fatigued, couldn&#039;t think or remember properly but, didn&#039;t know what was wrong with me.  I was fired after 6 years of service.  One day I decided a gabapentin would help. Within 30 minutes, I was Marlyn again and overjoyed. I have since read withdrawal can take up to a year."
"Hi ladies!  So let me just preface by saying take a deep breath.  That was exactly what I needed to do when I visited this page almost 3 months ago, frantically searching for testimonials and reassurance this product would keep me from becoming a mom before I was ready.  In my scenario, I was at a party, drank too much and was sexually taken advantage of by some unfortunate human being. Because I was so out of it, I couldn&#039;t remember if he used a condom/used it the whole time, so I researched and found Plan B. I bought and took it 40 hours later, and after 3 days, I began having major cramps, got my period (2 weeks early), and was/am not pregnant. Relax and try to stay stress free; the chances of it working really are in your favor!"
"This medicine did not work well for me.  I was on it for a total of three months and it did not make me feel any better.  The side effects were not fun.  I had trouble sleeping and almost no energy."
"Zyrtec worked well for my nasal allergies, but when I tried to stop taking it after several years, I got the skin itch/rash that many have reported.  It was worst for the first few days, but now even a year later I still frequently get a skin rash when I get warm (cholinergic urticaria).  I can&#039;t say for sure that the cholinergic urticaria was a side effect of stopping Zyrtec, but skin rashes were never a symptom of mine until I stopped."
"My 20 year old Son has been on Accutane for two months after long struggle with cystic acne. Is on 40mg daily. He had a horrible breakout after taking it for a month that he couldn&#039;t attend school for two weeks because of comments at school. His acne was at its worst. Now its two months on it and looks better but not best. He still has breakouts on chin, forehead and around nose but not as before. Old cystic breakouts (big pus filled bumps) are clearing but slowly especially around nose and sides of chin. Side effects are dry lips, face and eyes but is comfortable with Cetaphil cleanser and moisturizer. He plays soccer almost everyday and not experiencing problems so far."
"I love how immediate the relief was upon 1st patch. But I can not for the life of me get the backing off well at all resulting in a stretched patch each time. This, in turn, results in failed adhesion. I&#039;ve burned thru several patches because I CAN NOT get the back off!! Have been researching and can&#039;t get this small (but important) bit of info. 
Any ideas anyone? I&#039;d give this a 10 if the liner were easier to peel off and patch would stay on. 
Cocoa"
"This is my 3rd day on Phentermine 37.5. I take a half pill in the morning before breakfast and then the other half b/w 1&amp;2. I have still experienced hunger around 12 as if I haven&#039;t ate anything at all. But when I do eat something I am full pretty quickly. My starting weight is 270. I am 5&#039;7 and 22 year old female. I will only be on this for 2 months so I&#039;m hoping for good results along with exercise and healthy eating"
"After going to ER with afib, diagnosis was thyroid.  Was put on Pradaxa for afib and also had thyroid removed.  The most noticable side effect is heartburn.  As a result of thyroid removal, I MUST take calcium.  Asked the pharmacist what I can take for heartburn whle taking Pradaxa and he said nothing with calcium in it.  He advised Pepcid AC since it doesnt have calcium in it.  Said not to take tums or other antacids because they contain calcium.  Pepcid works great.  However I still have to take calcium so am sure to keep Pepcid AC on hand."
"Reduced my overall cholesterol from 288 to 126 in one month.

However, I now seem to have a lot of various pains throughout my body.   Feet, back, etc."
"I suffer from interstitial cystitis and at the Dr&#039;s office yesterday I was given a shot of Toradol.  amazing pain relief. Works way better for me than Oxy or Vicodin and non narcotic.  My useage in future will be in pill form and only for a max of 5 days but this drug appears to be a life changer for me."
"I was recently diagnosed with atypical torison dystonia. My neurologist wanted me to discontinue 3 of my medications to make sure it wasn&#039;t medication induced. So far not making a difference being off them. But he started me on Baclofen 2 weeks ago. I have noticed that it does relax my muscular spasms, but has not seemed to effect the pain much.  I&#039;ve read it takes time to make its full effect. So far it has helped enough that I&#039;m not in such constant pain. Hopefully it&#039;ll continue to get better."
"Finally, after being reduced from 100mg to 75 mg to 50 mg, it was working great. Then on 50mg I started getting dizzy spells that lasted a week. They just came out of the blue.  Went to the gym in winter and was getting dizzy after workout. Lowered to 25 mg...was still working and no dizzy spells but I was still having mind body functioning problems. My doctor switched me to Prozac. It is not helping the depression and 5mg makes me nervous and is not lifting the depression so back to the doctor to get put back on 25mg of Zoloft. I hope the 25mg starts to make me feel better. Yes, I fear if dosage is increased to 50mg the week long dizzy spells will come back. 50mg Zoloft was working so well."
"I injured my back about 6 years ago.  I was put on all kinds of medicines until I met the best doctor in the world.  The doctor put me on the patch and it was the first time in 6 years that there was no pain at all.  But now the doctor is gone and no one else wants to write a prescription for the patch so I was left to suffer withdrawal for the first time in my life.  Great medicine but it will make you go through withdrawal and trust me it isn&#039;t fun. Many doctors are afraid to write the prescription for this medicine."
"I have used the topical on my receding hairline. Twice a day- within two weeks I got a horrible headache that lasted 3 days.  Stopped treatment.  

Started again once a day this time. Same effect. About two weeks went by then got headache again. Stopped treatment. 

The second time, I used much less. Maybe a 1/2 Tbl total.   I weigh 115lbs."
"Lo loestrin fe was the first (and will be the only) birth control pill that I tried. The first week and a half was complexity fine and I was really happy that I wasn&#039;t experiencing any negative side effects. Then midway through the second week of the pack I started bleeding. At first I wasn&#039;t concerned because I knew that breakthrough bleeding was common and I figured in a few days it would disappear. However the bleeding was extremely heavy and clumpy which is definitely not typical for me. In addition my cramping was constant and EXTREMELY painful making it difficult for me to participate in everyday activities. Not to mention that I have now been bleeding for 9 going on 10 days with no end in sight. I am so disappointed with this pill."
"I have started on 50mg of Lamotrigine from 25mg. I feel alert, motivated and wake up earlier then I did (8am instead of 10am).

I feel a little jittery since the increase but my ruminating thoughts and Depression are lower. Waiting to see how the increase to 100mg goes.

This has worked great for me in the past let&#039;s hope it helps again! Hope this is helpful."
"I was on Remeron for about 2 years before.  Helped very very much with my depression.  But although I often felt very sleepy near the beginning of the treatment, the massive fatigue eventually subsided to an acceptable level.  20-mins after taking it, I&#039;m ready for bed I can&#039;t keep my eyes open no matter what.

I just restarted Remeron two days ago, after more than a year being on it.  As I type this, I feel fogged over, sort of sleepy, and immensely &quot;munchie&quot;.  As before when I took it, I&#039;d find myself waking up several times a night going to raid the fridge and cabinets for munchie or sweet foods (and meats! definitely craved meat all the time).  So again, on Remeron: eating again, sleeping some, more relaxed, less sad. "
"I was on this medicine for 5 years until I had to switch because I was producing too much estrogen. During the time I was on it, I had a decrease in bleeding and I lost 5 pounds. During the time I was on it was my only use of contraceptive and I have never been pregnant. All of my friends are on it and they love it!"
"Spironolactone has been a miracle drug for me. I&#039;ve suffered from acne since the age of 11. I&#039;ve tried every pill and cream that my parents could afford. Nothing has ever fully worked because my acne is hormone related. If it did help, my face would be red, peel, and break out again once I discontinued the product. A friend introduced me to spironolactone and my life has never been the same. It took a good 4 months for me to see even a slight difference. But 1.5 years later my face is clear and has been ever since. I would highly recommend spironolactone. Just be patient for the first 3-4 months, but you will see results."
"I started this medication for my social anxiety an mood swings. I was on the medication for 3 days. On day three I went to bed an stopped breathing as I slept as a side effect of the medication. Doctor told me to immediately quit taking the medication so I did I quit an had shortness of breath for about 2 days after an increased anxiety even worse panic attacks . hope this helps."
"I was prescribed 25 mg of Zoloft (sertraline) and only took two doses to find myself having the worst restless legs to the point where I can&#039;t sleep. DO NOT take this. This side effect will last 5 days after stopping taking it."
"I have suffered long term post trauma depression. Recently I ended up in a hospital for mental health. My psychologist decided to add Abilify 5 mg a day, I also take Lustral 100mg. Abilify started to work within 5 weeks. Brilliant. Before this medicine I was on the verge of suicide. Long may this good feeling last."
"Reading these reviews and at least good to know im not the only one who has struggled with H. Pylori. Saw multiple doctors...all brushed it off. Was finally scheduled for an upper endoscopy. Prior to the appt felt the worst ever. Symptoms over months had progressed from stomach pain and acid reflux (managed with 40mg prilosec twice a day) to fatigue, burping, chest pains, liver and spleen pain, feeling confused and delirious, diarrhea. Finally a walkin clinic dr ordered a stool sample test. Im on day 3 of PrevPac and feeling better. Metallic taste in the AM bug goes away. Loading up on probiotics...highly reccommended. Definately need to take with food. Ill have to retest in about a month but hoping this works! Best of luck to everyone!!!"
"Bystolic is effective in reducing my blood pressure.  It seems to have a calming effect that I like."
"I have tried every single medication for my Fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis. My rheumatologist gave me Meloxicam for non-specific joint swelling, and it actually was more beneficial for my fibromyalgia. Within 5 days, I stopped having morning stiffness, and my generalized muscle pain is almost completely gone! I am amazed and now have a much more optimistic outlook on living!"
"Causes jittery hands and problems with staying asleep"
"I fell thru the ice and drowned ( obviously resuscitated  )  at the age of 17.  In College I started getting terrible panic attacks that had me going to the ER sometimes 2 times a week.  I was put on Buspar and they might as well as given me a TicTac and told me THAT was a Miraclel Drug as well is would have probably been more effective.  Prozac,  Xanax , Valuim ALL seemed to make it worse Clonazepam is THE ONLY Med. that has worked it&#039;s been a life saver."
"I have bipolar disorder and my doctor prescribed Abilify to stabilize my moods.  It worked okay for a while, but after about three weeks on the drug I developed a Parkinsonian twitch in my right leg. "
"Overall, for me, Lexapro was very destructive. I was on it for about three months and in that time my depression worsened, but that&#039;s not necessarily the worst part. The debilitating panic attacks that put me in the hospital was the worst part. After cutting the dose from 10 mg to 5 mg and not seeing any difference, I discontinued it. Bad depression, bad anxiety, bad drug overall; at least for me anyway."
"Have been having terrible reaction to this medicine. Chest pain and shortness of breath. "
"I&#039;ve been taking lexapro 10mg since Jan. It has helped with my depression. But I started feeling down an anxious. So I asked for my dose to go up. I&#039;m now on 20mg. I can feel the difference. I do take clonazepam for when feel my anxiety kicks in. However I&#039;ve come down feeling very sick since starting the 20mg like I did when I started the 10mg. Not a very great side affect. I also get very sleepy so I do have to take it at bedtime. Dreams seem very real. Scary real. Hopefully I don&#039;t have to be on very long when my vitamin d goes up to its normal levels."
"This drug saved my son&#039;s life. He failed to respond to any other drug and lost two years of his life in mental facilities. He was put on Invega Sustenna and within 2 weeks was changed.  Within 3 months he was almost asymtomatic.. Over the next 4 years he earned a degree in computer science with a 4.0 GPA and within 1 unit of a Masters with a very high GPA and accepted into a Phd Program.

The insurance company forced us off the depot sustenna injections onto pills. Within 8 weeks he was fully psychotic and in a lock down facility.

The injectable form is a miracle drug!

It should be a crime to allow an insurance company trying to save a few dollars more to destroy someone&#039;s life as they have.  Write to Jannsen, Write to your congressman!"
"After being on Tamaze for 15 years, I was told I need to go off it, as it is a drug of dependency &amp; dangerous to mix with my pain meds long term. For the next 6 months without it, I was lucky to get 1 solid hr of sleep without waking every 10 minutes &amp; would go for many days with no sleep at all. Eventually my doctor said having no sleep is just as bad for me long term &amp; prescribed me Belsomra 20mg, as doesn&#039;t have the same chemical make up as most sleeping tablets. Even though expensive it has been a life saver for me and when I do lie down, I&#039;m usually asleep for 5 or 6 hours solid. I have many side effects &amp; allergies to most medications, but Belsomra has very few side effects, which I have none so far &amp; worth ever $$"
"I&#039;ve been plagued with UTI&#039;s my entire adult life and Bactrim was my go to drug. I got a sinus infection 2 weeks ago and Dr said take Bactrim. My tongue swelled up and sores developed on it, that was AWFUL! I&#039;ve never had any reaction before. I&#039;m really disappointed because it&#039;s always been my go to."
"Works great. No noticable side effects. Cost is pretty high, but my insurance covers it."
"I&#039;ve been taking the 5 day pk for 4 days for bronchitis and do not feel any better. Stomach cramps and diarrhea developed."
"I has on a plane for 26 hours with 5 stops and not much down time on the ground.  For the first time I was able to eat and sleep for longer then 10 minutes.  Not the best medicine for someone that needs to be alert and fully functioning.  Once on the ground for good I needed to be alert and doing my job.  It took around 20 min and some water."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for the past 5 days and have noticed a significant change in my personality. My children told me that I am way cooler on my medication. I have not felt like this EVER. Cymbalta is better than Prozac, Paxil, and Depakote, for sure. Prozac made me more anxious and depressed, Paxil made me angry, and Depakote made me lethargic. I must say that I don&#039;t particularly like the side effects of Cymbalta, but this medication makes me feel like a human being, instead of an irritable, depressed, worried mess."
"I did Harvoni for 12 weeks and viral load was up 2 weeks after I completed. Harvoni made me very sick. Fatigue, diarrhea, it was kind of awful...and it failed me. I am 1a type. I also have cirrhosis F4. 
Next I did Sovaldi/Olysio for 24 weeks. This time the only side effect was fatigue but not as bad as Harvoni. The good news is I am SVR 12 weeks post tx, although my liver function numbers have begun to rise slightly after being normal during treatment for the first time in 30 years.

But here&#039;s the real problem. I am more fatigued now than during treatment. It&#039;s been 5 months and it&#039;s not getting any better. I get up early, exercise, have a healthy breakfast and I&#039;m ready to get back into bed. It really sucks. 

Anyone else experiencing this?"
"I&#039;ve had been on two types of birth control pills and I had break through bleeding no matter what for months. So I tried the patch. This was nice because I didn&#039;t forget to take it etc...lasts a week you can take it off a day later if needed. It for sure regulated my period which was great. I&#039;ve always had a crazy high sex drive and that didn&#039;t change. BUT I hated the patch because it would collect fabric around the rim, the skin under would get super itchy, if your sexually active etc...its can shift or fall off. once taking it off it left terrible rashes and would leave a mark for about 2weeks after. It was really bad so I&#039;m now going off it to try a different pills now instead of the patch. not good for your skin at all."
"After breaking up with my high school sweetheart, I would have panic attacks that would violently wake me up at night.  I knew I had a problem but it wasn&#039;t depression (later I realized anxiety) since I was happy to start over in college.  My stress of attending school even as a commuter laid heavy on my mind as well.  I went to my doctor, crying that I did not know what was wrong.  After 3 years, I still remain on Zoloft/Sertraline at 25mg.  I&#039;ve always been told it&#039;s not a lot but it still really helps me.  I rarely get panic attacks anymore, and if I do, I don&#039;t throw up or feel dizzy.  I am happy that I haven&#039;t had any side effects or problems involving this medication."
"Taken it for a long time. It is the only thing that works for me."
"This medicine probably saved my life. After being misdiagnosed with severe depression, I had been on a high dose of Prozac which led me to a near suicide attempt. Switching psychologists, I was diagnosed with bipolar 2, taken off of the Prozac and put on this medication and almost immediately noticed a difference. They told me that I shouldn&#039;t feel a difference until at least 150mgs but I felt it at 75mgs. I&#039;m currently on 400mgs which is usually the highest for treating bipolar. It is also used to treat epilepsy, and people with epilepsy take thousands of mgs a day, so it I felt safer when experimenting with it. The only reason I gave it a 9 is that it doesn&#039;t completely hold me over when I have overwhelming emotions. Adding Trileptal now."
"This drug has saved my life literally. I have a long sad history of drug abuse. I was on a minimum 1600mg&#039;s of oxycodone a day for over three years. I had to do ridiculous things to support my habit. I have been to countless rehabs but to no avail. Although the physical withdrawel part is hard, it is nothing compared to the depression which follows. I was hospitalized numerous times following the detox for having serious suicidal thoughts.
This is the only thing that worked for me. Now I am clean for over a year and am down to around 5-6 mg&#039;s of Suboxone a day."
"I have had MS awhile, DX in 2000. I have taken interferon,tecfidera and controlled. I decided to try Gilenya this summer,a month in I started getting numbness under both feet. I had never experienced anything like this before. Medicine was the only change.It got so severe both feet were completely numb. It felt like i had pads under my feet.After trying oral and iv steroids no improvement i was so frustrated and didnt know what to do. No new activity on myMRI. Because numbness can also be associated with MS this can be confusing. I had no other choice but to stop Gilenya to see if that was causing it. Funny enough after 6 days into stopping it the sensation started coming back under my feet and 70% better. Now it&#039;s almost gone!"
"Works great to keep me from being anxious. I take 40 mg daily for last 5 yrs.  The only thing I don&#039;t like is the weight gain and I need lots of sleep. My leg also jerks when I sleep.  Until I read the reviews I didn&#039;t think about Paxil causing it. It also keeps me from getting really angry easily. If I miss doses my family knows it immediately because I get very emotional, weepy or angry."
"Prozac worked great for me for about 2 years and then it quit being effective. Apparently this experience is so common it&#039;s even called &quot;Prozac poop-out.&quot; At age 41 I started taking 10 mg daily, then increased to 20. For the first week or two I felt slightly nauseated and had trouble getting an erection. Then those side-effects vanished, and I felt not only happier but more functional (at the time I was a university professor). I wrote 2 published novels during those two years. A wonderful side-effect is that I gained total ejaculatory control. Suddenly I was the lover I&#039;d always wanted to be! But after the Prozac honeymoon, I found myself feeling anxious and depressed again and the Prozac was just making me sleepy. So I quit. C&#039;est la vie."
"I&#039;m sure everyone experiences Skyla differently, but for me it was absolutely the worst. I didn&#039;t have any problems with insertion (quick intense pinch but nothing unbearable). I didn&#039;t even take any pain meds before. Yes, I had cramps the rest of the day, but I was so excited to get off the pill I didn&#039;t care. Unfortunately what followed was 7 months of continual bleeding with less than 15 non-bleeding or spotting days that entire time. I also had frequent cramps despite never having period cramps before. My doc told me to wait it out until the six month mark, but the bleeding days never stopped. Just had it removed yesterday and immediately felt relieved. I was told I&#039;d have a week of withdrawal bleeding, but I&#039;m just happy it&#039;s gone."
"Very Effective if taken right 0.1% failure rate vs other birth control that are not combined pills 0.3- 0.6% failure rate. ( 7 days after first Sunday if starting first pill)
Regulates your periods makes them shorter and lighter. Note: it takes about 3 months for your body to get used to the hormone change so you might experience irregular periods or brown discharge but its completely normal. 
Fact: lower sodium intake if this happens
Helps improve skin. i.e acne but in time. You will not see results right away but in a month or two.
I have not experienced any weight gain but have seen mood swings, sensitivity etc. but improved in a few months.
Every girl experiences Trinessa differently but it&#039;s because your body gets used to the change (3 months)."
"I had an allergic reaction using Epiceram on my face just before bed.  It stung, and I awoke with an itchy face and inflammation.  I went back to using Aveeno to calm down my angry face."
"Started Victoza October 6th 2010. I have lost 13 lbs. I am having severe abdominal pain. I really need to lose this weight. I also am taking Actos. My blood sugar is now normal."
"For anyone who has any trouble with anxiety or depression, I HIGHLY suggest you do not try this birth control. I have been on this pill for about a week now and increasingly over the past 5 days I have been nauseated at night and SEVERELY depressed and I mean severely. Crying constantly, overthinking, irritable, mood swings, anxious to no end. I am absolutely without a doubt getting off of this medicine, I am a nursing student who has many responsibilities and cannot deal with having no motivation to do homework. Please try your best to avoid this medication at all costs."
"I have arthritis in my knee, decided to try Capzasin, used a very small amount, It literally set me on &quot;fire&quot;  I immediately jumped in the tub and drenched with cold water, that didn&#039;t even stop the burning, it lasted for hours, thought I was gonna have to go to the ER!!!"
"I have Trigeminal Neuralgia, which is the &quot;most painful condition known to man&quot;, and Opana ER is the first medication that has ever actually helped with this type pain. It has worked better for me than any other pain medicine and it lasts FAR longer than any other extended release medications I&#039;ve tried. 

Because this works better for me, I am able to take less/lower dose than other medicines- which means I can function at a much higher rate.

Many patients with this condition do not take (narcotic) pain medication because Trigeminal Neuralgia does not usually respond well to them. However, for me, this is the 1st and only medicine that has actually helped with my level of pain and it has allowed me to have a much higher quality of life!"
"Used this product as well as having used Neosporin on different occasions. This product works better and in less time. Can be used over larger area than Neosporin."
"I don&#039;t recommend this birth control to anyone.  Ever since I got it in, it has been a non-stop emotional roller coaster, my mood swings are out of control. Also no sex drive, no energy and weight gain.  But the worst part is I tend to have 2 or more periods in a month. Started my period,  after 7 days it stopped, two days later I am bleeding heavy again,  was on my period for another 9 days.  One time I heavily bled for 20 days straight. I&#039;m getting this taken out."
"Never thought I&#039;d be raving about a drug but here I am. I was well on my way to meet my maker before I got on Atripla. It&#039;s been over 2 years now and I am happy to say that it has saved my life! I don&#039;t drink, I don&#039;t smoke, I&#039;ve never done drugs for recreation, and I was always against taking medications. I was scared to death of the possible side effects of Atripla before taking the plunge because I had such a queasy stomach. Thankfully the side effects were only a problem for me in the first month. I am now healthier than ever, I have vivid dreams again, and my severe depression has gone away! I also believe that Atripla has made me smarter! However, I can&#039;t stay up late anymore and I must stay in bed counting sheeps until I fall asleep."
"I had my daughter in February this year. I received the shot the day I was released from the hospital. The shot didn&#039;t hurt and didn&#039;t quell the after pregnancy bleeding. I believe that was inevitable. This shot hasn&#039;t made me gain weight at all. I&#039;m 119 lbs when I was 173 lbs when I was at my last check up before I had my child. The real problem with this is that I am a fricken mess. I cry at the drop of a hat. I have ZERO appetite and have to force myself to eat. BUT I have longer thicker hair and my body hair didn&#039;t change. I&#039;m blonde and it&#039;d be easy to tell. The serious down side is that I&#039;ve been on the shot for 4 months and HAVE NOT STOPPED BLEEDING! Good lord! It&#039;s been 4 months of ruined panties and  tampons."
"21 years old and no kids. Approx 120 lbs. I got kyleena inserted about 12 days ago. I was originally taking the depo shot but I wanted something more long term. I&#039;ve had mild to severe cramps for my periods my whole life. During the insertion I experienced what felt like 2 of the worst period cramps I could ever have (I screamed). Once it was over I was fine, but I did have severe cramping for hours after until the medicine they gave me finally kicked in. I was taking ibuprofen for about a week because I was still experiencing cramping. My period started going away and was very light. My doctor prescribed me estradiol 1 mg to help with adjusting to the IUD. I&#039;ve been taking them for about a week. Starting yesterday my period became very heavy."
"I would just like to start out by saying that Hypercare is an absolute miracle! It changed my life. I am 17 and have been having a sweating problem since my freshman year and all my friends always make fun of me for it because I will constantly be sweating and having armpit stains whether it&#039;s 100 degrees out or 6 degrees, I was always sweaty. So last week my mom finally took me the doctors and they prescribed me Hypercare...I used it that night and the Next day I had NO armpit stains! and the funny part is the day before this product I was wearing a brown loose shirt and I had the largest stains and then the day of wearing Hypercare I was wearing a light blue tight shirt and I had ZERO stains. It does sting a little but not that bad."
"Many years ago I was diagnosed with bipolar ll. Lithium was my doctor&#039;s first choice. Not even sure how effective it was. The side effects were awful. I could not work, I lost down to 95 pounds. I was so weak I had difficulty climbing stairs. I shook so bad I could not sign my own name. Then my doctor started to add all sorts of medicines to counteract the side effects. I became hypothyroid had to take medicines for that, tremor had to take medicines for that (didn&#039;t work well). Dr. decreased dose (didn&#039;t help much). I was on leave from work for 12 weeks. Finally stopped the lithium. It took awhile for my Dr. to believe my problems with this medicine because they were not typical. Those 12 weeks were the worst."
"I used zyban years ago to quit and it did help but I started again after I went off it.  I have been trying to quit for the last year but haven&#039;t made it past a few days.  I am 36 and have smoked since I was about 20, 16 years of damage to my lungs.
I decided it&#039;s now or never I just want to be a non smoker so badly.  I went and got a prescription for zyban 4 days ago and started immediately. So far I feel ok on it, I definitely feel different, time feels slower and I feel like I&#039;m observing things differently in somewhat removed.  Today is my first day taking two pills and I&#039;m a little worried I will feel messed up on the medication but gonna stick with it.  I&#039;m still smoking but plan on quiting within the next week."
"I&#039;ve had cold sores since I was young and this medicine is fantastic!  It will stop the cold sore from getting really large and it heals a lot faster. Great product!"
"Dr. ordered Trelstar for one year beginning at end of radiation. PSA has been undetectable  since! Was it the treatment, medicine or both? Many side effects! Hot flashes can be VERY bad where I feel like throwing up, passing out etc. Some are very minor, average about 15 a day.
Monthly dose has been much better than larger dose of a similar medicine taken two years ago!
Other side effects are too numerous to mention, but are generally mild."
"I can&#039;t wait to get this thing out I have been on this birth control for a little over two years now and i have finally realized why I have been so miserable! First off I got this cuz My best friend was on it and I thought wow no periods how awesome! (She&#039;s on it still and loves it so it can be good for some people) but for me it&#039;s terrible just like what everyone else is saying! We will start first with acne I have had acne since forever but since going on this it has become way worse i wanna cry! Second weight gain and bloating I have only gained about 5 lbs but I can&#039;t lose it and I feel bloated EVERY MINUTE OF EVERY DAY my mood swings are out the door and my sex drive is terrible I feel bad for my bf and am getting this thing out asap"
"I was on 9mg/day by a very experienced psychiatrist. Sure it affects memories a bit but if you&#039;re anxious it works. Choose!"
"I&#039;m currently on a mood swing so forgive me. Although I&#039;ve just started this pill 3 weeks ago. Every other day I cry for no reason. Then I get angry and mad and just lose my appetite. And sick to my stomach. I feel bloated daily and just annoyed. I have my good days. I was so much more happy though before the pill. And the only great thing is my breasts grew like 2 sizes haha. Other than that I&#039;m making an appointment tomorrow. I&#039;m fed up with these strange mood swings."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for over a year now, so I have a pretty good idea of its effectiveness. Overall, I am extremely satisfied with this medication and I have had a positive experience with it. The only downside is that I experienced crazy mood swings the first 3 months of starting the medication, but it regulated itself and went away. Other than that, I am obviously not pregnant, did not gain weight, never had problems with acne, and no nausea. It also regulates my period and my period starts on the exact anticipated day every single month for over a year."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control since I was 13 to help my periods now I&#039;m 21 and I&#039;m starting to recognize it&#039;s side effects. I&#039;m 21 with no sex drive at all and painful sex with severe dryness. I will be getting off this birth control very soon and visiting my doctor because it&#039;s affecting my hormones."
"I have used Mirvaso since it came out. Obviously, it works great, but there is a learning curve for getting the most benefit from it. It has really helped my rosacea."
"I am 40 years old.  My doctor prescribed this medication to treat heavy bleeding due to an ovarian cyst that developed after several Clomid cycles with my infertility specialist.  After three months, my periods are regular again, but at the cost of several unpleasant side effects.  I have painful cystic acne in my genitalia, I have gone from being calm and relaxed to short-tempered, and my sleep cycles have been disrupted, leaving me tired all the time.  The first day or two of my period is extremely painful, but that may be due to the fact that I have more like a 25 day cycle and the pill is trying to force a 28 day cycle. "
"I was started on levothyroxin, then Armour and my symptoms were worse than before medication. Tirosint literally gave me my life back. Then new insurance made me try naturethroid. Back to the same misery that plagued me the better part of the year. Whatever the cause or effect in chemistry I am immediately changing back.  Brain fog, sore muscles lethargy, fatigue, constant hunger, weight gain. Never again will I try another medicine."
"I have currently been on Lexapro since 2/22/16 and I am starting to feel relief from my anxiety.  The first week was terrible with the side effects of headache, nausea, upset stomach and I was extremely sleepy, but starting at the end of week 2, I was able to tolerate it much better.  I have noticed now at week 3 that the things that use to bother me, don&#039;t bother me anymore or at lease I feel like I can tackle them without being irritable, snappy and moody.  I don&#039;t sweat the small things anymore and I have no side effects anymore.  I am glad I stuck it out.  I had determined in my mind that I was gonna take it for 4 weeks straight and faithful and I&#039;m glad I did.  I am so much better now.  Be encouraged...there is hope!"
"I&#039;m currently taking Camrese. I had no complaints my periods are shorter and bearable and my face is clear. I thought I was perfectly content until I realized a few things. I have night sweats, my boobs hurt,  I&#039;ve gained like 20 pounds and I think  I am depressed"
"I was on Depo Provera for almost 3 years, after I had my daughter and didn&#039;t have a period the entire time. I&#039;ve been off for a year now and still didn&#039;t see my cycle. I want two more kids so I told my doctor and she prescribed me medroxyprogesterone. It took a month (almost two months) to get my cycle but I finally saw it and it has been on ever since. Now I&#039;m interested in Clomid so I can get pregnant."
"I&#039;m not certain if this 3 day treatment will work since I&#039;ve only used one dose so far, but I am certain there is a level of hell devoted solely to torturing people with this cream. It is the most awful feeling I have ever had in the internal/external vaginal area and almost impossible to describe since it feels so different than any other part of your body.  The itching and burning is at least an eleven on a scale of one to ten. It has been almost two hours and it is starting to subside enough for me to focus on typing this. I am not brave enough to use another dose after experiencing this one."
"I been on Ortho Evra for 2 months now. I love it. The first night I wore it, I had a panic attack. I ripped it off during the night then started wearing a new patch the next day. Since then, no panic attacks, so I&#039;m guessing it wasn&#039;t caused by the patch. My breasts were tender but I got used to it, and I love how light my cramping and periods are. I get a pimple or two during the third week, and I am a lot more emotional, but that does not interfere with my personal life. It took some time getting used to wearing the patch, it fell off like three times. Overall its amazing."
"Be careful. This drug can put you in the hospital within the first week. I suffered debilitating muscle pain in my left leg. I lost half the muscles. I had to sit in a chair for 3 months to recover on 60 mg of steroids. It took 8 months to figure it out. If you have any pain in your legs or back stop immediately. Don&#039;t think you can overcome the pain, the company will not admit the severity."
"All the other medications I have been on produced horrible side effects. Seroquel works great and the only side effect is sleepiness. Stable at 600mg and quite pleased."
"58 y/o black female, not overweight 5&#039;8 150 have used 5/10mg since first diagnosed around age 45. No issues, no weight gain I&#039;d attribute to this. I did weigh about 140 when I started this. 

No headaches, joint pain etc. so has worked for me. BP often under 130/85. I sometimes wonder if I dont even need it anymore, but doctor doesn&#039;t want me to stop."
"I went on this for heavy bleeding and Pain from Fibroids.I had to get a blood transfusion. It helped the    severe pain in my lower back &amp; stomach.The heavy bleeding not so much! I&#039;m on my 3rd pack, and the first two months had heavy or just bleeding everyday of the month, and still some. Side effects I get are nauseousness a lot more depression, headaches ,upset stomach, gas more.  I think and I read others say they got that too. Idk if the bleeding is breakthru bleeding or my fibroids, but I certainly don&#039;t need anymore bleeding. I have Anemia now from bleeding everyday."
"I have been a packet a day smoker for 32 years, until a persistent cough noted by my GP sent me off for a chest xray. Diagnosis = COPD!!  I commenced Champix with mixed feelings....I really did love my ciggies and could not imagine my life without them.  I did not pick a stop day  and on day 4 noted I had cut my packet a day to now lasting 2 days. I lite my last cigarette on the morning of day 10, took 3 draws and thought YUK!!! That was 2 weeks ago now and honestly the smell or even the thought of inhaling a cigarette makes me sick and literally feel my stomach doing tumble turns!!!!  I still get the nausea lasting up to 2 hours even with food....but have rewarded myself with a piece of jewellery with money saved so far!!!!"
"Got injection at ER for migraine. Worked fast and took the edge off the pain. The worst part was the actual shot, intense pressure and burning for about 15 mins due to it being injected into muscle. I&#039;ll probably be sore for a few days.. otherwise effective, fast acting medicine."
"My husband has been using Byetta in conjunction with Glucafage for 8 months and has lost 31 lbs and feels great.  The drug dropped his blood sugar level to normal levels and decreased his appetite."
"I&#039;ve never taken birth control before. I&#039;m 24 and I got on it to try to stop sudden breakouts, I&#039;ve been on Beyaz for only 6 days.. I can see my oily skin becoming noticeably less oily and shine free throughout the day, which I&#039;m hoping will clear my face completely in the long run. As of now, my skin feels softer, less oily and seems to be clearing up. On the down side, I feel very, very tired. I&#039;m on my last week of school taking finals and I regret not having waited until after finals because all I want to do is sleep. I do feel a little more irritable than usual but it&#039;s manageable."
"My sister, a doctor, gave me three months of Chantix.  I love smoking, but my husband and family hated it.  Cigarettes were my best friend- the first thing I thought about in the morning and the last thing I did before going to sleep.  15 years of a pack a day, and I knew Chantix wouldn&#039;t help.  I took it to shut my sister and husband up.  By day 14 of Chantix, I was down to 10 cigarettes a day.  And then, late in the night before bed, I ran out of my cigarettes.  I decided I was too tired to go buy some and I decided to try to quit smoking.  The first few days after quitting I used Nicotine gum and then after 4 days of that, I stopped using even the nicotine gum!  Two months later, I weened myself off of Chantix! 16 months smoke-free!"
"Side effects:
Extreme exhaustion 
Extreme Irritability 
Inability to concentrate 
Nausea
Itching &amp; skin peeling @ site of finger infection 
Vaginal Spotting
Body aches 
Severe headaches

Rx was for 2x a day for 10 days for severe infection on end of finger with red streaks 

Completed medicine because infection was healing but side effects were substantial 
!"
"It&#039;s a lot to drink but you can do it.  I used a straw and just chugged it down.  I did use the lemon flavoring packet.  It really didn&#039;t taste too bad.  My suggestion is that when you first feel an urge to go.....Go!  This stuff works.  My doctor had me take 8 oz every 30 minutes, after the first two doses it started work.  I spent the rest of the day on or near the toilet.  An hour after my last dose, I was done.  I did not have any cramping, nausea or vomiting.  Overall, not a pleasant experience, but this liquid is not too bad."
"I went to my pharmacy and I asked the pharmacist what can she recommend for a dry cough she said its Delsym. I tell you you will be drowsy....so I didn&#039;t mind at all because its a good thing for me I can sleep.  When I took it I was waiting to see  if it was effective  - to my surprise I keep coughing the whole night as if I didn&#039;t take any medications....so if a cough product doesn&#039;t work for an adult - you shouldn&#039;t recommend it.....waste of money!"
"My main reason for using this type of birth control was solely for pregnancy prevention. I&#039;ve never had any problems with my periods or acne. I&#039;ve experienced the worst of side effects possible. I&#039;m constantly moody and sad, I have heavy long-term periods, face covered in acne, low sex drive, hair loss, spots on my skin, sensitivity to most soaps and lotions. I&#039;m overall dissapointed with this pill and can&#039;t wait to start a new type of contraceptive. Granted I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, but we use condoms so it&#039;s hard to judge anyways."
"Out of nowhere, in my 50s, I developed Plaque psoriasis.  The local dermatologists did not seem to know how to help me. I was put on heavy steroids and other medicines that made my life miserable. Muscle aches, unable to sleep and rashes that bled up at the merest touch.  I found a specialist in New York City and she is my angel!   I was put on Sterela  which helped. Then I was then switched over to Cosentyx  and my life changed.  I am almost 100% cured, as long as I keep taking the injections.   The side affects that I&#039;ve noticed are more frequent cold sores and a stuffy nose. I take Valtrex at the same time I take the injection in the cold sores have stopped. The stuffy nose, I can deal with.  This product is a miracle."
"This medicine has been amazingly helpful. After being misdiagnosed with depression I began taking this once my bipolar symptoms were diagnosed correctly. For those of you who may not think the drug works, I wonder if your doctor is doing a blood test to determine if your dosage meets the therapeutic level. Also, I learned the hard way that birth control pills totally negate the effect of Lamictal. It took a while to straighten that one out. Thanks to all for writing in."
"Taking this medication for 10 days for C diff. I am on day seven right now, and it&#039;s been horrible. 41-year-old, female, had bloody and mucus and bad diarrhea. I think medicines have fixed the diarrhea and bloody mucus for now, but I am so dizzy. I feel even sicker in other ways. It&#039;s causing me major shortness of breath, fatigue, nausea, confusion. Found out the hard way that even putting lotion on my face or body that have any alcohol in them will make you feel even worse on this medication."
"I took aftera on the 27th of March after having planned unprotected sex with my husband. I didn&#039;t really experience any major side effects other than headaches and cramping here and there for 2 days and then after that it went away. I still haven&#039;t had my period and I&#039;m 3 weeks late. Took a pregnancy test a yesterday and it came back negative. I haven&#039;t had any symptoms of pregnancy but it worries me than my period should have come by now and it still hasn&#039;t. I have a doctors appointment set up for this Friday hopefully I&#039;m not pregnant."
"Celebrex really helps the pain in my legs."
"If you want results real fast, Epiduo is wonderful. I noticed a complete face transformation within the first month of use. I only felt burning the first week. The only real downside is that it causes lots of peeling. I have to use an exfoliating facial scrub every other day just to keep the flakes off my face. So, the product itself is great, but the dried up mess of skin it leaves on your face... not so much."
"I have had a great results for this birth control. First birth control that worked for me. I have not had a period in two years. Although I do have the cravings during what would have been that time of the month. I have intercourse with my husband on a daily basis with no problems. Would highly recommend."
"Ultram was helpful for my muscle pain associated with the fibromyalgia. It did not make me feel &#039;dopey&#039; or &#039;high&#039; or more tired, etc. However, I would have to eat a substantial meal before taking it and then eat an apple or something after I took it or I feel on the verge on vomiting. 
It made me so nauseated if my stomach was not completely full."
"Aviane is pretty good! I read all the horror stories other people have had with it but went and got a prescription for it anyway. I haven&#039;t had any adverse side effects with it so far. My sex drive has not gone down, my breasts do feel a little bit fuller than before. I have no complaints."
"I was on Nuvaring for 10 years before I gave my body a hormone break. I&#039;ve been off of it for 4 months and will be going back on it next month because my fiance will be home from deployment and we are not ready for little ones yet. The first time around I loved not having to remember to take a pill everyday and I had no mood swings, and no lack of sex drive, there was only a few times where I could actually feel it during intercourse that was a bit uncomfortable. It is hard to say if I gained any weight because I was on it for so long but when I did go off of it I noticed I dropped a few pounds and had a little more energy. I am curious to see how this next month will pan out and will keep you informed."
"Not only have I had eczema my whole life, but I&rsquo;m allergic to a million things, and my allergic reactions cause extremely painful dermatitis all over my skin. Most topical medicines I&rsquo;ve been allergic to, and steroids made it worse. Eucrisa works like magic for me. Clears rashes up overnight, gives so much pain relief, clears up any damaged skin. It does wonders. The catch: it stings, horribly, for around ten minutes. Putting this medicine on open/newly damaged skin is quite possibly one of the worse pains I&rsquo;ve ever felt, and applying this medicine can bring me to tears sometimes. However, the good of this medicine does outweigh the bad, so the pain is simply something I live with."
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for awhile and had no problems and a few months ago I switched to BeYaz and noticed a weight gain so I switched. Other than the weight gain it&#039;s not a bad birth control."
"Was on depo shot for 9 months. First I had lighter periods and the endometriosis pain was better. Second month I had light period but it was all month. And then after that the pain was less and there was no bleeding.  I started to gain weight. Almost 50 pounds. I already have back pain from herniated disk so I did not go and get my last shot. Endometriosis pain is back ten times worse. And I have been bleeding almost nonstop since September 2015 and it is now March 1 2016. I&#039;m gonna go back to the Dr and have a hysterectomy.  I can not stand the bleeding or the pain"
"I am a 20 year old female and I suffered with IBS all my life. I went to the GP a few weeks ago after trying everything I could get my hands on (including some super strong liquid laxatives) with hardly any luck. The doctor prescribed me these to take on a daily basis (one at night before bed with a glass of water). I must admit I was a bit sceptical at first, and the first 2-3 days I had horrendous stomach cramps that left me almost doubled over in pain, but I decided to persist and I&#039;m so glad I did. Every morning I go to the toilet without any problems, but the toilet trips got a bit to excessive so I now take one tablet every two days and this works perfectly fine for me."
"Had the worst sinus infection of my life and couldn&#039;t sleep for 2 days. my sinuses felt like concrete. After 2 days on Augmentin I finally felt relief. It took 7 days to completely get rid of the infection. No side effects, maybe because I&#039;m 6 ft 7 and weigh 260 lbs and had more body mass."
"I have been using Vaniqa since 2010 for facial hair.  I have never had to shave, but lots of plucking!  It works wonderfully and I have also had laser done to remove my darker hair on my lip, chin and neck area.  My complaint is the price.  It has doubled in price since I started using it and the manufacturer&#039;s coupon is only $35.00 (up from $25.00 originally).  I thought when a medication was available in generic the original would go down in price. I started ordering from Canada two years ago and now their price for the name brand has gone up enough that I am now ordering the generic.  Unlike in Europe, in the US it is considered cosmetic and insurance will not cover.  Does any one know of any other discounts in the US?"
"Finished treatment almost a week ago. Undetectable virus load two weeks into treatment. Virus remains undetectable  Odd mild headache which lasted a couple of minutes, but took no medication whatsoever avoiding possible interaction. I&#039;ve had no other side effects. I continue working and living my normal life. I eat plenty vegetables; smoothie made of fresh bananas, blackberries, blueberries, mango and kiwis. I kept the weight at bay and drink fresh beetroot with green apple. No alcohol or fried foods &amp; drunk lukewarm water mixed with fresh lemon juice &amp; swallow raw garlic with an empty stomach. Contaminated illness during my childhood. Don&#039;t despair. Treatment works &amp; it&#039;s bearable. Best to you all."
"Took the 2 week trial at the end of May and experienced some side effects.  I was severely tired, had some tingling in my hands and feet, dry mouth, and pop tasted really flat (which I guess is a good thing since I no longer wanted it) and some trouble sleeping. I added in some exercise and started a low calorie diet. I lost about 7lbs in those two weeks. I wasn&#039;t able to go directly on to the 7.5 dosage because of come complications with my pharmacy. I was off the medication for for about a week &amp; gained my energy back &amp; slept better.  I&#039;ve been back on the medication for 2 days now &amp; have started experiencing the side effects again.  Unless my results are drastically great during my 30 day rx, I don&#039;t think I can handle the side effects."
"I have been taking Lexapro for more than four years at 10mg-20mg.  It has been great at reducing mood swings, anxiety, and sadness. I have not noticed reduced effectiveness, however, my doc did move me up to 20mg because I was still experiencing pms mood swings and irritability.  I also have mild to severe depression.  There are only 3 side effects I have experienced and that is reduced libido, yawning, and inorgasmia. Which I feel I can handle as long as I&#039;m happy and positive. I had tried Zoloft before and it didn&#039;t make me happier it just made me jittery and jumpy all the time and I couldn&#039;t relax.  So, Lexapro has definitely been the answer for me."
"I have only tried the Nuvaring as a birth control. I loved it. Never really had any problems, yes my partner could feel it and toward the end of my use, I could feel it falling out every once in a while but usually I reinserted it and it was fine. I didn&#039;t have hardly any cramps and my mood swings lessened. My periods went from 6 to 7 days to barely 3 days. I would recommend Nuvaring to anyone!"
"This is just an amazing medicine. I started on this many years ago in the UK and the relief it brought was just plain wonderful. After losing 120lbs in weight, I found the medical condition pretty much went away, but with a lot of stress recently and putting 30lbs back on the reflux is back. So is the Zantac, thank goodness. Highly recommended medication which I have always kept handy (just in case)."
"Absolute nightmare. I&#039;ve have Nexplanon in my arm for 9 months and I&#039;ve never experienced a more uncomfortable birth control in my life. I&#039;ve never had acne in my life, now I break out all the time. Mood swings left and right that have led to full on breakdowns. I&#039;m always tired, can&#039;t get out of bed some days. Get used to getting your period twice a month. Currently I&#039;m on a period that has lasted over 3 weeks straight and I&#039;m not talking spotting- it&#039;s a full on blood bath with visible clotting. I&#039;m losing a lot of blood and it&#039;s completely ruined my sex life. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to my worst enemy."
"Do not waste your money, I repeat do not waste  your money. 
I have been taking alli over a week now and it has made me bloated and I even gained a pound. 
Last night was the last straw, as I was washing my hands I had a orange oily accident and this is was so embarrassing it leaked through the shorts and I almost cried. 
Now I&#039;m stuck with a bottle of capsules and out $70 a complete waste."
"This has to be the best pain medicine there is. However I&#039;m a little worried how I&#039;m going to feel once I&#039;m off of  it. It takes the pain away and gives me such bursts of energy."
"I don&#039;t tend to write reviews but this medication has been such a blessing.  It is a horrible feeling knowing that you have this STI but I just keep reminding myself that it is so common.  I have been on this medication since July 2016.  I was prescribed it after my 1st breakout in June 2016.  I have not had a breakout since my initial breakout.  My husband has not contracted herpes.  I didn&#039;t have any side effects when starting the medication.  I usually take it faithfully during the week but on weekends I tend to forget to take it."
"I tried cymbalta right after I gave birth and I noticed a difference within days. My.mood swings before my period get very bad and I thought the medicine wasn&#039;t working anymore so I switched to prozac. Big.mistake. I couldn&#039;t get out of bed. I switched back to cymbalta and am on day 2 and feel good. Never had side effects or anything like that. This has always been fast acting and an overall good medicaton for depression and my anxiety."
"I&#039;ve only been on this for a few days, and I know my body needs time to adjust, but I just spent the last 4hrs (3-7am!) throwing up without cease. I have had horrible, horrible cramps, like, on-the-floor-screaming cramps (which is why I started taking these pills), but at least those only lasted an hour at a time tops! I&#039;m worried about missing school, and I can at least try to manage my cramps like I have before. I can&#039;t vouch for its effectiveness, only the side effects I suffered, but I may consider trying it again during a break when my body has time to adjust without worrying about missing classes."
"Personally I liked the nexplanon when I first got it, well until I had sex. After a month of having the implant I had sex for the first time since having it implanted then the next day I had a period and stayed on for almost a month and a half. After that I went to my doctor and my iron and vitamin D was very low so I had to take pills for that as well. I stopped having a period heavy period for about 2 months. After each time I had sex I started my period tho which is still annoying. I&#039;ve had it since 10-2016 and its a good birth control but only because I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant but otherwise I wouldn&#039;t recommend. My breast hurt so bad all the time. My skin has broken out . I&#039;ve gained 30  pounds and I&#039;m always angry. I get heat flashes!"
"I got the skyla placed in October. Since then,my skin has improved and I have began to lose weight. I was unable to lose weight on depo and I&#039;m just happy that skyla has been able to put me back on track. However, in Feb. I had a 13 day period. I would recommend skyla to anyone and it is definitely worth it."
"I&#039;ve been on this for of BC because I generally get sick on combo pills. I was told by my PCP that it&#039;d help control my cycle and make a bit more predictable. I&#039;ve been on it for under a month and I&#039;m already not liking it. I started it the first day of my cycle; bleeding seemed to get heavier with large clots (normally med-heavy with very small clots), constant headache, and I&#039;ve broken out with very painful zits on my chin and forehead (skin is generally clear). Skin is oily now as well. I&#039;ll definitely be looking for a different type of BC."
"I&#039;ve used this product before with no problems until now ,I woke up to go pee and right afterwards the burning started I tried to wash with just water ,now I&#039;m laying down with an ice pack .if I don&#039;t feel better in the morning I&#039;m calling my doctor"
"This medicine is really helpful with voices but my paranoia and depression has got worse"
"I am 21 years old and I have had sever anxiety and OCD for 5 years. I almost didn&#039;t graduate high school and almost lost my job because I couldn&#039;t even get out of bed or leave the comfort of my own home so I resorted to medicine. I was also dealing with a slight depression at the time and so my doctor recommended Paxil to me and for 2 years I have been on the 10mlg dose and it works wonders! The only negative thing that I have to say about it is that I don&#039;t feel like I have a lot of energy and it made me gain 50lbs..I attempted to get off and with counseling deal with my anxiety on my own and went through extreme withdraws, (brain spasms!!, mood swings, depression.) I love this stuff it changed my life but it sucks  coming off of it."
"I got my Paragard about two months ago now. I love it! The only negatives I&#039;ve encountered because of it is very intense cramps during the first four days of my period and occasional spotting while I&#039;m not on my period, both of which I&#039;ve never had to deal with before getting it inserted. As for the cramps- they&#039;re terrible (and I would describe myself as having a high pain tolerance), and can leave me short of breath if I don&#039;t keep up to date with Midol and Pamprin for the first 4-5 days of my cycle. If I do, it&#039;s completely manageable!"
"You body does take time to adjust to it. The first time I took it, I had it for 6-7 months and felt nauseous right after taking it and would get horrible headaches. I forgot to refill the prescription so I was back on it a month later. And three months after that I&#039;m still experiencing nausea and headaches, but now I have light spotting a couple days before my period, and it doesn&#039;t start until 1-3 days after the sugar pills. The only upside, is no pregnancy and it&#039;s cheap!"
"I have had this for a full year now. Up until November my face was clear. Now I get crazy breakouts no matter what I do.I have not gained any weight but I never experience weight gain with any BC. I have however noticed about a month ago now a huge decrease in my sex drive. I never mentioned it to my husband but he said something to me. I literally have to make myself have sex and that has never been an issue before."
"Buspar seemed to increase my anxiety and caused sleep disturbance.  I woke up several times during the night feeling anxious."
"Nightmare antibiotics!!!!!!!!!!Yes. It took care of uti.......Right away. But!!!!!!!!!I felt tumbling in my entire body, couldn&#039;t breath ,felt like I was dying, chocking, and overall felt dizzy as hell....No more!!!!!!!!Theres no way....Do not take it. Try anything else. This is killing product....Disgrace!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I basically love trying everything... And this is actually a really good supplement, I tried 2mg tabs but I&#039;ve learnt my body is quite strong against drugs... So whilst I was abroad (need a prescription in the uk) I got 5mg tabs and wow! I&#039;m out with in an hour. If you find you&#039;re taking it with no effect, keep taking it for 2 weeks then stop for 3-4 days then start the cycle again, I found this the best way to maximise its effects. If it doesn&#039;t hit just take 2 but I can&#039;t recommend more as I haven&#039;t tried that. DO NOT EVER TAKE SLEEPING PILLS! Worse than lsd."
"I have been taking Sitagliptin combined with Metformin for about four years - slowly slowly my weight has dropped. I have had to make major changes to my diet to avoid being sick at about 4am every day. I am now starting to get significant pain in my joints and am probably going to come off the Sitagliptin for a month and see what happens. Overall Sitagliptin has been an excellent treatment for my reactive hyperglycemia."
"I get horrible side effects from literally every other antibiotic out there, except for Avelox. Of course all medications affect people differently, but I have never felt any of the effects people list here, except for a little fatigue. This medication works very well."
"Imitrex is a wonderful medication! I have had hormone-related migraines for a few years now, and while NSAIDs would shorten them, they wouldn&#039;t eliminate them completely. I only had to take a 25 mg Imitrex pill and rest for a little bit, and my headache was gone within an hour or so! The only side effects I may have experienced were a slight ache around my forehead and jaw as the headache was fading and a little bit of feeling &quot;out there&quot;, though these feelings could have been due to the migraine itself. Overall, I would highly recommend this medication and am very grateful to its makers!"
"Blood sugar has gone through the roof. From normal range (for me, about 100 pre-meal to 140ish 2 hours after a meal) to steadily around 300.  Some weight gain.

Mood is improved quite a bit, so high marks for that.

Sexual side effects are extremely frustrating. Everyone says they will diminish in time, but it&#039;s been 6 months. Not a problem with ED or stamina, but getting to orgasm has proven elusive. 

The blood sugar is the major concern, so if my doctor can help me get that under control I may continue. Otherwise I&#039;ll talk with my psychiatrist about dumping it."
"I&#039;ve been on this for 1 1/3 months (switched from Depo Shot) and I&#039;m not sure I like this when I started it just 9 days in I got my period and at the end of the pack I didn&#039;t get a period and now I&#039;m on week 3 of my second pack and no period like last month. So I&#039;m a little worried and I get headaches a lot and my breasts hurt (this just started a week ago). If by the end of this pack I don&#039;t get my period then I&#039;m going to the doctor."
"I&#039;ve had pelvic pain and problems for the past 4 years. Had TVT mesh surgery in 2010. Countless Dr. visits for what I felt like a really bad yeast infection. Dr. just kept putting me on different medications. After Following Interstitial Cystitis diet for 3 months Went to Urologist and was told I have Over Active Bladder not IC, added Oxybutnin. Finally found a pelvic specialist OBGYN/URO 3 months ago. Had 5 Rimso 50/ heparin instillation, 1 to go. Added Valium suppositories, Tramadol and urostym therapy. IC symptoms are better as long as I stick to the diet. I have been on the Elmiron for 3 days, with 176 days to go. Migranes for the first 2 days. I am exhausted all the time, my body aches. I&#039;m really hoping this goes away. All I want to do is sleep."
"I heard/felt something in my shoulder tear ( Torn tendon in shoulder ). Went to Dr when ibuprofen and paracetamol no longer worked. Prescribed 500mg naproxen twice day. This was last wed. It&#039;s now Sunday and the constant dull pain down my arm has come back. The naproxen worked really well for about 48 hours. It didn&#039;t stop the agony every morning. Painful when changing gear when driving (UK). Have MRI scan in 10 days. No side effects although my hot flushes ( menopause) seem to have got much worse over the last 2 days ( on clonidine for those)"
"horrible lost all sex drive, was hungry all the time, cried for no reason, really annoyed 24/7, felt like a monster, made me self-conscious and feel worthless. stopped after 2 weeks."
"I&#039;m 34 and was prescribed this pill for irregular periods. I&#039;ve only been on it for a week and I&#039;d rather deal with bleeding for a month straight than the side effects that I&#039;m already experiencing:
*extremely bloated
*had a couple of painful pimples pop up on my face and my chest
*have sore and swollen breasts
*increased appetite with 3 lbs. gained weight
*and the worst of all, have zero sex drive and am a psycho bitch to my husband who does not deserve to be treated like that

I&#039;m throwing the rest of them straight in the garbage."
"I have been on the Depo shot for about 8 years now. I love it. No periods or spotting. Cramps sometimes but nothing outrageous. I think its a very good birth control."
"The first week my skin got very dry and patchy. It peeled a good bit. The second week my skin broke out worse than it ever has, and I started getting really discouraged that it wasn&#039;t working and I felt like it had made my skin worse. I am now about to finish up my third week, and my skin is really clearing up well. I would say be patient with this product and give it one full month, and you will begin to see results. The method I use is washing my face, patting it dry, putting on a moisturizer, waiting about 10-15 minutes, then applying the veltin only on the acne spots. This has seemed to work best for me."
"I have been on the medication for the last 3 months for depression. The first time I took the pill at 20mg it made me very thirsty, gave me restless sleep, very dizzy when standing from sitting, I felt  &quot;high&quot; and was spaced out for the whole day I felt weird; especially while driving. I started to half the pills for the next month and gradually started taking the full dose. At this point I feel like the meds are working and my crying spells have decreased dramatically. I am no longer super snappy at my kid and have more patience in general. I still continue to have dry mouth from time to time about 2hrs after I take the meds."
"Zoloft is great it really has helped me with depression and anxiety. I have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and getting depressed and upset triggered severe asthma attacks. I take 100mgs twice a day. It has really been a blessing. Don&#039;t listen to any of us, every person is different try it and see what it does for you, then you and your Doctor can decide the proper treatment for you. "
"I&#039;ve had eczema my whole life but the past 2 years have been the worst and I&#039;m 30.  It&#039;s been life changing and so debilitating.  My dermatologist said I was the worst case she&#039;s ever seen after 20 years in dermatology.  I mean everywhere, tried to everything, scratching constantly, all night, in meetings, after the shower, I&#039;ve lost sleep, cried a lot, been miserable.  I&#039;ve been on Dupixent for two weeks and my skin has never felt so smooth!!  Cleared up about 85% of my rashes after about 4 days after my first dose.  When I sweat no itch which is so rare.  I don&#039;t wake up to dry flaky skin everywhere.  I&#039;m so happy and amazed, I hope it keeps workin like this because my quality of life is gonna be so much better.  God this stuff is great!!"
"This medicine can be very dangerous and send you into Serotonin Syndrome. I ask everyone out there to please know the symptoms of Serotonin Syndrome and report to you nearest Emergency Room Immediately if you are having symptoms."
"Aged 41 I spent every day thinking that I had cancer first finding a lump in my stomach and after GP told me this was nothing I was fine for a month or so until I then thought I had found a lump in my groin, I couldn&#039;t take anymore and broke down in front of my wife due to the exhausting worry. I had always been a worrier but this was more and was taking control of my life. I couldn&#039;t go out of the house on my own I was irritable and depression was taking hold. GP prescribed me Diazapam which helped like a sticking plaster and I was then put on 20mg Prozac. Please give at least 7 weeks to work and you do feel worse before feeling better! Trust me! Brilliant."
"It&#039;s only been about 4 days since my first loading dose and I am absolutely amazed at how much my skin has improved and I&#039;m feeling a lot less itchy. I&#039;ve struggled with severe eczema since I was little and to finally experience relief is really exciting and amazing. I&#039;m so grateful and happy to finally be feeling better and to know that others who struggle can feel better too!"
"I used this medicine under strict supervision at a pain management center after failed trials with Opana and Kadian which made me ill. Vicodin was not strong enough as I have had open back surgery from my skull to mid back to drain a spinal cord cyst called a &quot;syrinx.&quot; My spine was arthritic and required struts to rebuild it; I now have chronic acute pain just holding up my head (max 5-6 hours at a time). Also have chronic low back pain arthritis and herniation with tear. Thankfully it relieved my pain and helped me function somewhat normally for 5-6 months. Then one month the refill arrived two days late and I went through withdrawal, suffering horribly with dark suicidal ideation and depression. I got off it. Now on Percocet, not ideal."
"I&#039;m an absolute wreck on this!!
I cannot stop crying. I lose it over the smallest things and make it into a huge problem.
Another huge problem for me is that I&#039;ve lost my libido since being on Nexplanon which is puts a strain on my relationship.
Feeling very anxious too.
Booking an appointment to have mine removed.
I never put all this down to my implant until speaking to others."
"Frova does a wonderful job of relieving my migraine headaches after 20-30 minutes however I always get one or two rebound headaches.  Almost exactly 24 hours and then 48 hours after my original headache, my migraine returns and I have to take another pill.  Unfortunately my insurance will only pay for 6 tablets a month.  Luckily I usually only get 2 menstrual migraines a month but it takes all 6 pills to get rid of them."
"Ok so this is an update I have been on the cream for 1 month and I keep getting whiteheads I am starting to think that it does not work...anyone had the same issue?"
"I am a 50 year old male. I did not have a heart attack but did get three drug coated stents. Since I started taking Bystolic there has been a big improvement in my life. Blood pressure was controlled and I do not need a nap at 4pm every day. Thank You Bystolic."
"I have been struggling with my weight for some time now and decided to speak with my Internist to see if she would give me a script for something that would curb my appetite for sweets &amp; fast food. She prescribed Contrave, honestly I&#039;ve never heard of this drug before. Did some research &amp; read everyone&#039;&#039;s comments and honestly, I was frightened by the many side effects. I&#039;m so desperate to lose the weight, I started my first dose today. I took the pill around 7:30 this morning and didn&#039;t begin to feel nauseated until around noon. Since most of the suggestions, said to drink water to help with the nausea. I found when I ate a few saltine crackers the nausea went away. Then came a slight headache. Other than that, I&#039;m fine. Good luck everyone"
"Hi Guys, I was prescribed sertraline 3 weeks ago as I was suffering from frequent panic attacks, we have no idea how these attacks started as I&#039;m a fit healthy 19 year old male, I&#039;m also type 1 diabetic, I&#039;ve had attacks on and off for the past two months now for no apparent reason and these attacks are really bad guys, I&#039;m talking my heart is racing, sweats, dizziness, shaking and lately I&#039;m getting episodes of a crazy burning/tingling sensation throughout my chest and into both arms that lasts about a minute max at a time, I&#039;ve had all my ECG and blood tests done and they seem to be fine, the only thing that&#039;s high is my blood pressure, just wondering if anyone else has experienced this burning/tingling sensation?? is it anxiety??"
"I have peripheral neuropathy and painful problems with my spine. I&#039;ve tried many different combinations of medicines. Nothing has helped as much as the current combination of 900mg 3 times a day of Neurontin and 60mg a day of methadone. I don&#039;t feel high and it&#039;s helped my quality of life. I live alone and can now do things for myself."
"You get used to this and need to take more, or not take it (therefore not drive) for about a week. But only &#039;helpful&#039; insights will be printed (after editing). So my saying $3600 a month for 60 pills? Really? Are they worth their weight in gold? They don&#039;t seem to have any side effects, for me. Other then tremors. So that&#039;s a plus. Should they cost more than most people make in a year? I am disabled, and receive $10,000 a year. After researching I&#039;m not finding any major payouts from the company, due to lawsuits. (I realize awards are confidential, but there hasn&#039;t been many cases. Who(m) am I kidding. This won&#039;t be printed. I just HAD to say something, because the cost is  abominable. Ok. I c $$ How did u do the A-spam thing? Impressed!"
"It caused a severe reaction for me. I started going into hyper-mania with racing thoughts, anxiety, trembling and upset stomach."
"I have had this birth control now for 2 years. It was basically painless getting it inserted and I love the idea of safe long term birth control. The downside to this is I&#039;m almost always on my period, my moodswings are quite intense and I&#039;ve definetly had weight gain. Tomorrow I&#039;m having it removed and replaced with the Paragard 10 yr IUD. I&#039;m sick of having a period every other week this thing has got to go!!!!!!!!"
"After suffering since 2008 a trip to the Emergency room Thanksgiving 2012 resulted in a prescription for Nexium. It has been a life saver, I have been on it less then a week. After having episodes of throwing up at least 5 times a week during the night and heartburn daily my throat was raw and I constantly had issues. It has been amazing to be able to again eat what I want without the repercussions. I was afraid to try it because of the cost pre-insurance but I printed a online discount card and used my insurance and it was very affordable and not to mention I am able to sleep through the night without having my head elevated and the other issues I was having. I have 7 ulcers diagnosed in 2008 and haven&#039;t had an issue all week. I LOVE NEXIUM!"
"I&#039;m 23 got I just got presrecribed 10 mg ambien for sleep . is was probably the best sleeping thing for meds I&#039;ve had for insomnia. I&#039;ve never had any weird experience or others problems either. Even though I&#039;ve been on it for 6 months now."
"I took augmentin for 3 days and developed severe tachycardia.  My heart rate even went to 180  where I had to end up going to the emergency room.  Left there with orders not to take augmentin and  was given prescriptions for ativan (my resting heart rate was 130) and clindamycin"
"I&#039;ve had depression since my teenage years but never spoke to anyone about it and didn&#039;t take anything for it until 2 and a half years ago when I had a bad run of luck with a few big things close together, it all got too much and I took a massive amount of prescription medication to try and end my life, 16 hours later I was woken up by my mum and taken to hospital. The Drs said most people wouldn&#039;t of woken up or at least had severe organ damage but I was ok, no damage. That&#039;s when I had to speak to Drs, psychs, family and some friends. They put me on lexapro and it worked fairly well for 2 years but when a few bad, stressful situations happened again it failed the test, I&#039;m now trying venlafaxin, not sure yet but hopefully I get better results"
"I just began Chantix and really want to quit; after one day of taking the medicine I have a severe allergic reaction, rash in the buttocks region. I have also felt sickly, lethargic and have strange visions. I have several friends who have taken the product with no side effects whatsoever, so I believe it is a case by case basis. Immediately, it curbed my cravings and cigarettes tasted horrible. However, I must be too sensitive to the drug so I will look to going cold turkey or reduce the dosage."
"This bowel prep was a disgusting experience and major failure.  The problem is that it taste like a very strong cherry cough syrup.  Diluting it with water didn&#039;t work for me.  I got a few ounces down before my gag reflexes kicked in.  Called the doctors office and the nurse told me to mix it with some juice.  I mixed it with juice and lots of ice and drank as much as I could get down with a straw.  After I got it down I had sips of ice tea, cola and a popsicle to try to get the taste out of my mouth so I could finish the rest of the dose.  None of this worked.  On my final attempt I vomited.  "
"I&#039;m 19 and this anxiety and OCD had been poured on me out of no where. It scared me so bad I felt like I couldn&#039;t live my life. I went to the ER and they prescribed me Ativan 1 mg 3 times a day. It was extremely effective. The first week I was only taking half or sometimes 2. I&#039;ve been on it for 3 weeks and am waiting to get on a SSRIs for more long term. Ativan is helping me through my days. I am just nervous about withdrawals because I don&#039;t take them as prescribed only as needed."
"Been on off the drug for 18 months, not on any regimented schedule, but as of now I am able to skip a treatment, the same a year ago.  But this time I am taking herbs and a more veggie type diet, which for the past 6 month has equated to no longer have hypertension. 116-126/70 etc verses 142-155/90. (depends on when I am checked).  Cutting meat and adding Q-10 and Phytosterol complex, some Fish/ Krill oil and garlic helps a lot.  I say helps, the aforementioned items are the variable plus stopped using Generic Areds2 and back to the more expensive Brand name Areds2. I have two insurance polices  Tricare always turns down claim due to the word injection triggers the non-Ambulatory (Dr Office walk in, not surgical center)"
"My vag is burning and itching worse than before I inserted the cream. I&#039;m on day three and will be calling the gynecologist tomorrow. I&#039;m thinking it&#039;s causing a chemical burn. I&#039;m now seeing a tinge of blood. There is something totally wrong with this product."
"Was on Cymbalta until it quit working and switched to Viibryd.  Quit taking the Viibryd after 6 weeks. This medicine was not for me.  Appetite was uncontrollable and gained 11 pounds. Agitated very easily, always tired.  Currently not on any antidepressants and doing much better."
"Among other diagnosis, I have major depression, and for the past 25  years have been prescribed many antidepressants.  Previous to Citalopram, I took an antidepressant that began to positively affect my frame of mind.  However, after a month of use, and increased doses prescribed by the Dr., did not help.  With Citalopram, after one month of miraculous mood improvement, I suddenly got dropped back to where I felt a month ago.  I have yet to see the Physician to inform him."
"I started using phentermine a few months back and it has been great for me.  I have lost 26 pounds so far!"
"This is the absolute worst product I have ever used. I had a yeast infection and couldn&#039;t bear the discomfort any longer so I bought the Monistat 1 and took it around 8:30pm I felt a little burning at first but nothing crazy. Fast forward to 2am and 4am I was woken out of my sleep to the intense itching and pain. It was terrible. By the next day I was completely swollen, sore, burning and itching. It was the worst experience I&#039;ve ever had. I was tattooed the same day for 6 hours straight and that was 100x less painful then the Monistat reaction. I ended up having to go to the hospital who told me that indeed I had a bad reaction because the product was way too harsh and strong. Go to your doc ASAP!! It won&#039;t get better itself."
"I thought Entyvio might have been the next best treatment, after I could no longer take Remicade and Humira. I started the injections in May and my ears started to bleed a week after the injection. After a month on the medication I have full body itching. Lastly, after five months on the medication I am also sneezing have patches of dark red angry rashes that are the size of a silver dollar. I would highly recommend close observation on this medication and speak to your doctor right away when any of these side effects occur. In my case they are only increasing with more exposure."
"Migraine headaches have plagued me for the last 5 years. They are a daiIy occurance and I wouldn&#039;t wish this level of pain on anyone. I tried every non narcotic medicine - propanalol, Imitrex, ibuprofen, cyclobenzine, Cafergot, even botox and aromatherapy it smelled good but didn&#039;t help. Finally my neurologist suggested Norco. At last some substantial pain relief. Now I can function and get things done, the Norco has definitely helped me."
"I went to the doctor asking for birth control with the simple request for something that wouldn&#039;t break out my skin. For some reason, they prescribed me Aviane. Before taking this pill, my acne was mild to moderate. I would break out around my period, but nothing too crazy besides that. After one month of taking this pill my acne has been the worst it&#039;s ever been in my entire life. I never used to get acne on my chin, but now my chin has erupted and looks slightly pizza-ish. I have cystic acne like I never used to. I wouldn&#039;t advise this pill to someone looking for a BC that will fix acne, because this certainly wasn&#039;t the case for me. I will give this pill points because it did regulate my periods and lessened the severity of my cramps."
"I haven&#039;t become pregnant on this pill, it is my 3rd month, but my mood is terrible. I feel bloated a bunch on it, and my back hurts all the time. Now I have break-through bleeding. I don&#039;t know what will come next but I&#039;m not going to be on this much longer. (I have no acne from it though which is a plus)."
"I have been using this medication for about 15 years at 60mg a day, to treat severe GERD. Doctors in general are reluctant to prescribe this dosage, but in my case it was necessary. I had been using Zantac and Prilosec prior to that and graduated onto this as a last resort. It has cleared up most of the oesophogus erosion. There seems 
to be no side effects that I am aware of, but would be interested if anyone has noticed an uptick in kidney infections."
"Upper respiratory infection sent me to an urgent care center, where 100mg of Tessalon Perles was prescribed. This lowest dosage relaxed the lung muscles so I didn&#039;t suffer from the coughing spasms and while I still had to sleep sitting up I was more comfortable. Prescription was for 3xday but I only took it twice daily.
Follow-up visit to my primary care doctor resulted in a prescription for 200mg twice daily and that dosage was too much for me. I had a scary episode resembling a heart attack and stopped the medication immediately. Heart pounding, chest muscles tightened front and back, profuse sweating, dizziness, one episode of vomiting. I consumed large quantities of water to flush the drug out of my system and will never take it again."
"I am a diabetic and although I eat healthy and exercise even though my cholesterol for a normal person is ideal, for a diabetic person is too high. So my doctor put me on this medication and told me the most common complain from her patients are muscle cramping. However when this cramping is affecting my daily life and work life, (it mainly affects my arms muscles) I believe this is not the right medication for me. I&#039;m awaiting for my family doctor to call me and reassess the situation.  As for the efficiency of the medication, I really don&#039;t know since I haven&#039;t had a blood work since I started taking the medication."
"After 4 lumbar surgeries, pain in my legs and lower back were extremely intense with a maximum sitting time of 10 minutes before pain reach a 9. I worked with a pain management clinic and was prescribed hydrocodone. This pain reliever helped for about 6 months and then the pain seemed to have increased to an unmanageable level. I worked with the pain management center and was prescribed Nucynta ER 200mg. The combination of Nucynta and Hydrocodone provide a level of pain relief that makes life tolerable. I can work a 45 hr week provided I have the pain relievers. Without the pain relievers I would likely be not able to work. "
"From the first day I started VesiCare, my urges stopped.  I&#039;m now able to get to the bathroom without accidents."
"I am a seasonal allergy sufferer ...and some years they are worse than others.  This year I have been miserable, always either sneezing  continually or not able to breathe, or a continuous runny nose, bleeding nose...tired and just not able to function!!  None of this fun or attractive.  I remember my doctor prescribing Nasonex a few years back and I went back and asked for it again. Within 2 days I felt back to my normal self and was able to breathe properly.  No more lethargy and no more nose bleeds.  It truly is a miracle for me with no side effects. "
"My girlfriend asked me if I love her more than anything. I told her that I do love her more than anything but my verapamil!"
"I started Vivitrol in January 2015 after getting an OUI Drugs &amp; a heroin posession charge b/c knew I needed to stop using, but I didn&#039;t really want to. Between January and April I got my monthly shot but I still tried to use every now and then (but I couldn&#039;t get high). My insurance was cancled in May so I took the opportunity to get high. I ended up getting another OUI &amp; spent a month in jail till my next court date. I went straight from court to my doctors office to get an injection and I&#039;ve gotten 1 every 28 days since (07/15 - 07/16).

I&#039;m not sure how Vivitrol effected my cravings because my first time on it, the thought of giving up heroin was devastating to me. Now I can&#039;t believe how much time I wasted getting high.

LOVE VIVITROL!!"
"Has never helped. My PCP doesn&#039;t prescribe it anymore"
"I have been on Eliquis for 18 months for atrial fib.  I have not experienced any side effects other than I bruise more easily than before.  I had a cryogenic heart ablation performed 8 months ago,  followed up with heart monitoring for 2 weeks.  My surgeon has released me to go off all heart medications as of today (sotolol, Eliquis)."
"Bactrim cleared up my urinary tract infection, but gave me a raging yeast infection.  I now request Keflex for UTI&#039;s."
"I had the Kyleena inserted today. I was very nervous going into the appointment because of the experiences that I read on here. It really wasn&#039;t as bad as I was expecting! The whole thing took about 5 minutes and the actual &quot;uncomfortable&quot; part was about 30 seconds. It&#039;s a different kind of feeling than a pap. I have been very crampy since the procedure but nothing ibuprofen, a heating pad, and Netflix can&#039;t fix."
"I&#039;ve been on Cardia XT for 1 year... Yes, pass the side affects please... Occasional dizziness, light headiness, some minor weight gain, but watching what I eat -- getting into the gym... GIVE UP THE SALT --- Processed foods are also sodium filled....The fatigue is awful on most days - I just have to get that nap in -- but preferably not in Atlanta traffic... but overall -- it definitely does it&#039;s job! blood pressure is excellent most days --- My blood pressure was 200/120 triggering A-FIB landed me in ER/Intensive Care last November for 4 days... YIKES!!!! This morning&#039;s pressure was 112/80... AMAZING!!!"
"34 from UK in prep for a colonoscopy. Used the orange one with orange cordial to hide the taste. Wasn&#039;t too bad but obviously does taste rather rank. Started it at 3pm and finished the litre at around 6pm, just wasn&#039;t feeling it so close together. Kicked in first with a few stomach cramps and lots of wind and gurgles then boom. As others have said, it sure felt like I was peeing from my bum. "
"I just wanted to share the info I got from my doctor. I just got prescribed this medication today. Some people on here mentioned headaches, nausea and tanning both of which my doctor told me could be some side effects. Hope that helped!  I hope this medicine helps me."
"I was on antibiotics and got a vaginal yeast infection. Purchased Monistat 7-Day treatment hoping it would be more effective using it longer. 
Within minutes of inserting the medication the first time the burning was horrible! It went into the trash!
I will never use it again!  
Awful experience!"
"I am 15... no where near ready to have a child. Condom slipped off and went to the drug store right after the accident to get plan b. I read the reviews and I was really scared I was going to have side effects but also scared I was going to get pregnant so I took the pill about 20 hours after. I felt slight cramps but nothing like the side effects other people were feeling. Don&#039;t be scared to take this just because of the side effects because basically nothing happened to me. I got my period on time around a week later. Just started birth control"
"I started Aubagio 2 weeks ago.  I&#039;ve been on Copaxone (horrible site reactions days after injection), Avonex (serious gastric issues and no progress in regression), Gilenya, (horrible headaches for the time on it and also showed not to be working.), Tecfidera (found I have tested positive for JVC with high risk for PML).  Which brings me to Aubagio.  I take it at night with some tylenol every other day and have had NO side effects.   It may be to early to tell about the thinning hair, but I do drink, 3 times a week, protein shake &quot;muscle milk, 25mg protein and take biotin.  I have felt great.  Also, the damage to my hands (nerve pain and stiffness) seems to be letting up.  If it still feels this good by the end of Nov will let Aubagio know"
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for almost two months now. I&#039;m 20 y/o and this is the third contraceptive I have tried and it&#039;s worked the best so far!! I&#039;ve had terrible side effects to every birth control method I have tried. And so far the only problem with this one is the acne. I have always had mild acne growing up but it eventually went away. I&#039;ve noticed since starting my first pack the acne has started coming back. But compared to how badly my body has reacted to other methods, this is nothing. So far a great choice for me!!"
"I&#039;m a 28 yr old mom and wife who was addicted to prescribed vic&#039;s &amp; perc&#039;s for the past 2 years, taking about 60-100mg&#039;s a day to feel &quot;OK&quot;. After running out of my pills in 10 days or less...I&#039;d be in agony but would always find ways to get through the days with people I knew who had/sold them. I hated my life which once was GREAT. Found a new doctor..today is day 3 of Suboxone and I feel good, no pills and no cravings or aches and pains (which I find unbearable) I cut my 8mg 2x daily in half because it was too much, had me bed bound, MIGRANES and puking. Otherwise, NO COMPLAINTS...TRY It. I was reading these reviews last week. In denial this medicine could work so well. No longer in denial, it works. My family is so proud of me, which feels beyond GOOD."
"Previously was on Prozac for anxiety and while that worked really really well for 2  years, it sort of stopped working, and nothing helped again until I got on Cymbalta and 1 small dose of clonezapam at night. Now, I&#039;m virtually anxiety free, with just a rare panic attack here and there, treated with other medicines. Cymbalta keeps me pretty even. I&#039;m on the 60mg once daily."
"I&#039;ve been on and off Effexor since 2004.  Mostly taken for post partum depression.  I also have BPD and used it for only 6mths. I found that Effexor made me numb.  It makes sense in the beginning but I want to learn how to deal with my emotions and after about six months I start getting withdrawal symptoms because it is no longer working, even though I take as perscribed.  That is what I hate the most the withdrawal symptoms are horrible.  I found working out aggressively like at least 1.5hrs a day gives me better results than this.  It took two weeks for the withdrawal symptoms to subside and I was on the lowest dose."
"I was on the Nuvaring and the Patch before that.  I had terrible moodswings, irregular bleeding and weight gain.  I have none of that with this pill.  I am 45 years old and having been using for over two years."
"I took the 1st week and then the second week I forgot to take the 3rd morning dose. That evening as I got ready to take the evening dose, I realized I had no desire to smoke so I quit taking it. I&#039;ve been smoke free for almost 12 years, this after smoking for 44 years at about a pack and a half daily. Best medicine ever."
"Was born with Hep B. Now Iam in my early 40. Started the viread in 2007 ( 9 years now)."
"Hi everyone , I&#039;m 39 years old guy from sweden, I have soft tissue sarcoma in my stomach wall and it spread to the bones (legs both femural head and sternum and my headscull that was removed) I have started votrient 201508 800mg/day. The first 2 weeks I had a fever and felt really sick, stomach problems pain and diarrhea, it took about 1-2 months before I felt normal with this med, the pain from my bone mets disappeard pretty fast (1month), I have had new scans after 3 months and the results was pretty good, sternum and right leg was nothing left :) the left leg there is only about 30% left. I&#039;m going to have new scans this month so lets see hoping for more good news.... the stomach tumour was the same"
"This medicine and Geodon in combination saved my life. I have been functioning normally for three years now. Hardly any noticeable side effects if any and mild to no mood swings."
"I have used Zyrtec for a couple years to reduce my allergy symptoms and avoid asthma flares. I have a dog that causes symptoms if I play too much, or if I touch my eyes. We got a cat about 1 year ago! Zyrtec met the challenge, the cat sometimes sleeps on my pillow. I am still careful about touching my eyes, but Zyrtec has done a great job.  Now that Z is OTC, my doctor switched me to Clarinex, but after a few days I am experiencing symptoms again, swollen lips, eyes, etc.I&#039;m going back to Z!"
"I was experience heightened mood swing as I entered the menopause phases and my doctor recommended trying the Mirena.  I was warned the first months would be painful then everything kicks in.  I&#039;m five years in and ready to switch out for a new.  I have not a had a period and the mood swings are gone ... my family is very happy too.  I can highly recommend just know the first months are hard."
"After taking Viibryd for almost three months I can say that I feel better, my depression isn&#039;t as bad. It is a little better, but I feel like it could be even better. I don&#039;t know if I should talk to my doctor about it. I take 40 mg a day which I believe is the highest recommended dose. I have chronic pain (and surgery) issues and I am scared of taking a supplementary medication because of side effects. I can say that I have experienced NO side effects. I take mine in the morning and am perfectly able to take it with or without food. Viibryd has definitely helped me, but I think I need some more help."
"I was severely obese and didn&rsquo;t know what I was doing to myself I was basically killing myself or eating myself to death. I was 400 lbs. When I started this med I noticed an instant change in not only what I was doing to myself but it gave me energy I didn&rsquo;t have. It sort of woke me up and made me realize what I already knew  -that I didn&rsquo;t like what I saw in the mirror. That was almost 10 years ago. Today I am my ideal weight for my height 130lbs and I could not be happier. I have lost the weight and kept it off."
"I&#039;ve had QVar 80 for 2-3 years and it absolutely AMAZING. I NEVER needed to rely on my albuterol inhaler after taking QVar. 10/10. Now, a message to people with the white spots-That is yeast infection. It specifically says you were supposed to RINSE YOUR MOUTH WITH WATER THOROUGHLY (don&#039;t drink the rinse water) to avoid yeast infection. "
"I have been taking Ambien for more years than I can count due to insomnia and nightmares.  I have experienced the &quot;sleep walking&quot; activities, mostly repetitive conversations and eating which have been benign and harmless.  Fortunately, I have family that is up later than me so they keep me from doing anything too outrageous.  Sometimes I have a vague memory of my activities if my husband brings it to my attention, but if I am particularly stressed or anxious the side effects are amplified and my memory is gone.  As for morning grogginess, a shower usually perks me up."
"I just had mirena inserted two days ago. The procedure was quite painful but relatively quick which made it bearable. It felt like intense and sharp cramping. I felt a little nauseas right after the procedure but felt well enough to go for a two hour walk just a few hours later. Unfortunately, the evening after having it inserted my cramping was very intense. I didn&#039;t have any cramping today until this evening but it&#039;s not nearly as bad as the first day. I spotted lightly after insertion but I haven&#039;t had any spotting today. I was feeling anxious about having sex with my boyfriend because I was worried it may hurt but surprisingly there was no pain! So far I&#039;m very happy with my decision to have mirena inserted."
"Severe rheumatoid arthritis (RA) flare presented in 2006 after a traumatic wrist injury/surgery. Enbrel did not work for 6 months and then mostly worked. Until the end of 3 yrs. Developed Polymyositis in addition to RA. Creates total weakness in the large muscle groups, balance problems, and of course depression. Taking about 20 different medicines, including steroids afterwards. No significant relief except when on steroids greater than 20mg per day. High dose of steroids for past 2 years. Just tried Rituxin infusion therapy. First drip went fine. 2nd infusion caused an allergic reaction. Back to square 1."
"Started on this 6 months ago.  My own personal miracle drug.  I had never known peace or stability before Lamictal.  I hope to stay on it forever, and also hope it continues working this well."
"This was the worst pill I&#039;ve ever been on. I had been happily taking another pill for almost a year with no side effects, and it then got discontinued so I had to go on Larin for a month. I was having migraines with aura, anxiety, I bled for 17 days (when I normally don&#039;t have a period except for every 3 months), and had nipple discharge, as well as spontaneous nosebleeds. I felt terrible on this pill, I do not recommend."
"Used since 1996 for bipolar disorder (available only as Neurontin then).  Seemed immediately effective.  Now taking minimal (300 mg) dosage daily.  Not aware of any side effects, except it may help my sleep a bit."
"I have been on zoloft 50 mg for over 15 years . Two months ago I brilliantly decided to wean off by taking half pill every other day till done. About two months have gone by and I had to go to Dr&#039;s and get back on  50 mg daily.I started on 25 mg for one week then up to 50mg daily. This is the second day back on it so a total of 50 mg. Today has been horrible I had to leave work. My legs are weak I&#039;m panicky mouth dry as hell zero appetite. I NEVER should have stopped I just don&#039;t remember feeling like this when I first started all those years ago. I just want to get right and stay right !!!! good luck to all"
"I have never experienced any hallucinogenic side effects from this drug, but I admit I&#039;ve developed a nasty dependency to 100 mgs/night. It is the only sleep aid that doesn&#039;t give me cotton mouth or drowsiness the next day and works like a charm every single time.  Nothing even comes close to its effectiveness. Note:  It IS imperative that you take it at once you are in bed and ready to sleep.  After that you aren&#039;t going anywhere, no sleep walking, driving or binge eating."
"The pill worked!!!  For those who are worried right now and desperately searching the internet for any form of relief...I promise you that things are going to be okay. I took the pill 3 hours after having unprotected sex (condom broke) and even though we had sex right after my last period I was still so scared I could end up pregnant. I am a freshman in college and I&#039;m no where near ready to have a baby. My advice to whoever is reading this right now is to try your best not to worry, the pill will work it&#039;s magic and you will be okay. Also stress can delay your period even more (mine came almost 2 weeks late) so try to keep yourself busy!and  Make sure next time you have the right protection!"
"I used this before I went to bed, and it did itch a lot for 2 days after, but the cream helps a lot. 5 days later and I still have a YI though... symptoms aren&#039;t as bad, but it&#039;s still there."
"This is very good medicine for panic and anxiety. Sometimes it is necessary to check for depression. I was taking it for about 8 years and slowly reduced and stopped. I reduced it to 0.25mg first for a week, then 0.125mg next week, then alternate days and then I used to have a tab or so and take only when necessary. It is necessary to learn to avoid anxiety to drop this medicine. 

"
"I can remember being on this for just two months last year.  What did improve while I was taking it was my concentration--I started reading every book in sight.  I stopped taking the Zoloft because I thought it made me sick to my stomach and also gave me tics.  I guess I should have waited out the side effects because I thought my ability to read was fantastic."
"I have had chronic constipation  since 5 yrs old I had chronic pain from a  condition I was born with, and at 30 received oxcontin for the pain other wise I would be in a wheel chair. As a child after eating I would bloat I still do even on just 2 cups off coffee, it has taken 4 days for lactulose to work but I feel a lot better my Doctor said water water water! as the lactulose draws the water into our bowels, she also mention try the msp diet as you can be misdiagnosed  as IBC and it could be certain proteins  and sugars as well as wheat, barley, beans, dairy and makes it too hard for our gut to process."
"Why wasn&#039;t I given this sooner."
"At the end of the first month my period was very heavy. My bleeding was still very heavy after day six of my period. I am now very worried and if my period continues l will remove the device when l go for my six weeks check up. This is an unexpected experience and l am not happy with the Mirena device at this stage. As l type this message l am still bleeding. What an awful experience."
"Tried most antidepressants, and I was ready to give up. I was tired of trying antidepressants, getting sick while I waited for the positives, only to find out it didn&#039;t really help.  I&#039;ve tried Prozac, Paxil (good but stopped working for me), Zoloft (allergic to it), Effexor, Citalopram (worst of all).  I don&#039;t know what made me ask my doctor for Cymbalta, but I did. It started working the second day I took it!  I have been slowly recovering from depression and getting my life back.  I hope the same for the people who read this.  Never give up hope!"
"Lutera helped regulate my irregular periods. I&#039;ve had absolutely NO side effects since starting it 8 months ago. Breasts are slightly more plump without any discomfort, score! I&#039;ve previously taken other forms of BC which I had experienced crazy mood swings. Lutera is definitely a winner for me!"
"Best thing to ever happen to me!  I love this medication and will recommend it to anyone and everyone. Been on it since 12/15/16 and down 15 lbs.  Its not as much as the majority of other Contrave users have lost within 5 months but that is my fault.  I still eat what I want, just less of it and I don&#039;t work out.  I&#039;m sure if I ate better and got active I would lose more weight.  I have been lazy!
In regards to side effects, they were very strong for me.  I had nausea, blurry vision and dizziness but learned to control it with protein.  I cannot express how much protein has helped me!  It has replaced my breakfast and I drink it along with coffee and grapefruit oil infused water.  I no longer crave or worry about food like before "
"This medication is about as strong as aspirin or ibuprofen. If you take them longer than a few weeks you will also end up with withdrawal worse than any other narcotic pain reliever. It can make you sick to your stomach and if your prescribed too much it can cause severe seizures. If you&#039;ve never been on any other opiate pain relievers it may work for a bit but I&#039;d use extreme caution in doing so."
"I&#039;ve had a positive experience with these pills.  I am taking them to eliminate painful periods and to balance my hormones.  I take the continuous pills, so I never have my period.  The first month was more difficult. I had tender and swollen breasts and moodiness.  During the second month, these side effects subsided, but I had a lot of spotting.  Finally, in the third month, the spotting has stopped.  Bonus, I have had an increase in breast size of 1/2 to one cup size."
"Was prescribed trazodone to help with sleep problems but actually woke me up a bit. After a week of using I began to feel very depressed."
"I have taken about 10 different antidepressants and always had to stop because of the severity of side effects. I have been on Trazodone for over 6 years and love it. It is the only medicine I have tried that doesn&#039;t give me horrible side effects. I had to keep upping the dosage in the beginning but soon found a dose that worked. The greatest benefit is that it helps me sleep. I have severe insomnia and my depression gets out of control after too many days of not sleeping and trazodone combined with Ambien is helpful. I have no other side effects from it. The difference in depressive symptoms is not dramatic but is helpful. I recommend it for people who have a rough time with side effects from other medicines and for those who can&#039;t fall asleep."
"Got my rosacea under control and improved the overall look of my skin."
"I have been taking Dexilant for about 2 weeks.  I did not realize how bad I had been feeling before taking the drug.  I thought I was just a stomach sensitive person and would just have to put up with the ups and downs.  It&#039;s all ups now, I feel great."
"I tried this off-label because I was always waking up tired and never felt rested. I took 4 mL before bed. The results were incredible. Woke up exactly 4 hours later feeling alive and not exhausted for the first time in years. I&#039;ve since been diagnosed with narcolepsy so I know why this medication was so effective for me. Unfortunately I can&#039;t afford it so my only option is dexamphetamine which doesn&#039;t help me much."
"My son is 19 and has had severe tics (screaming, mumbling, spitting, punching motions to name a few) for 4 years after having moderate symptoms since he was diagnosed at age 4.  Last Monday, at our new neurologist&#039;s office, he was ticing roughly once a minute.  He was prescribed Abilify, and the next day noticed a remarkable decrease in his tics.  Unfortunately, he also had an extremely uncomfortable sense of restlessness.  The doctor cut his dose in half, and my son has been experiencing mild tics approximately four times an hour since.  This has been a miracle for him.  He does not take any other medications.  In the past, he had tried Abilify, but was taking Orap at the time as well, and had an increase in tics."
"Barely 4&#039;11&quot;, age 50, started saxenda 9/10/16 at 134.  Today I&#039;m 114.4.  I&#039;m thrilled with a 19.6 loss in less than 2 months and cravings for sweets are gone. Dr. chose saxenda for me after months of no success with diet and exercise alone. Dose was .6 mg until last week.  Now at 1.2 mg.  A few days of nausea at start on .6 but none since.  Only side effect is occasional constipation.  My insurance doesn&#039;t cover saxenda and I think it&#039;s very expensive even with the savings card but it&#039;s been worth it to avoid another back surgery."
"This medication opened up a whole new world for me.  I developed a very bad anxiety &amp; panic disorder and lived with it for years. Therapy and many other medications did not help! Didn&#039;t notice much of a difference initially but by the time I was up to 1mg 3 times a day my life so greatly improved.  I currently take another medication (Xanax).  I was taken off the medication because I became an alcoholic. When I detoxed from alcohol I was immediately taken of Klonopin. My only concern for people that are taking it is that if they decide to stop, please withdraw from it properly by a gradual reduction over a period of time.  The hospital took me off of it without gradually reducing it.  The withdrawal was horrible!"
"I started taking this medicine after abnormal mammogram and biopsy found precancerous cells.  I have really bad hot flashes several times a month, some joint and leg pain.  My menstrual cycle is regular but I experience nose bleeds the week before.  My hair started to thin about 3 months after starting this medication, that has pretty much subsided and I am going on one year now.  I do get a little more irritable than usual but all in all things are pretty manageable now.  So only 4 years to go!"
"The reason, I got on this prescription was because 1. I don&#039;t want to get pregnant and 2. My periods last for 7-8 days cramps are unbearable and there are time that its heavy its annoying and there are times I cant even sleep. Now, I&#039;ve only been on the pill for 7 days. Before I even take the pill, I&#039;m good no mood swings I don&#039;t feel nausea nothing at all. After I take the pill, like 5 hours later I start feeling nausea, moody, I just want to go to bed and sleep. What I&#039;ve been reading here seems good, I hope this side affects ends soon because I really don&#039;t like the feeling but I will keep you guys updated how its working with my body, Wish me luck."
"I experience sinus problems frequently, mostly from allergies probably. I have headaches and stuffy nose etc. This medication is wonderful. I should receive money for how many times I have recommended this to people. I feel like I can even think clearer when I take this. I rarely experience side effects. Maybe one time I had dizziness. Great product."
"Before I took latuda, my bipolar disorder was pretty much ruining my life. I started latuda and about 2 months later, while I was starting to feel so much better. I also noticed that I was starting to feel overwhelmed and was starting to become delusional and developed irrational fears such as being scared to even go outside for example. I stopped latuda and went back to feeling normal. I thought it might have just been me and my bipolar was starting to have a severe effect on my life again so just a few months ago I decided to try latuda again. And within a week I was starting to feel overwhelmed and delusional again. I will never take it again. While the medication was effective, the side effects were horrific."
"I was on Geodon for a few months after getting out of the hospital, and out of the dozen or so medications I tried, it was the most effective. I felt much more stable, could sleep, and was generally more productive. It was used to treat hypomania, but it really kept depression at bay as well. The only weird side effect I had was a sort of body dissociation that would happen periodically."
"I have suffered with insomnia for years and no medications improved my condition until I started using Gabapentin. I have been taking it for 7 days and my quality of sleep has greatly improved. I used to wake up 3-4 times per night and found it hard to fall back asleep. Gabapentin puts me to sleep and I am enjoying deeper, more restful REM stages. I highly recommend it for this condition. I was prescribed this for chronic pain and this is a great bonus. Like the other reviewer it will cause residual grogginess the next day for several hours. Extra caffeine is definitely needed!"
"I was put on Microgestin because I have awful cramps at the start of my period, and ovarian cyst ruptures that would put me in the hospital. Microgestin took the cramps away, as well as my period! I was on it for 7 months before I began to realize that it was giving me some bad side effects. I felt nauseous, had blurred vision, shortness of breath, and felt tired all the time. I also experienced hot flashes and some mood swings. Today is my first day OFF the pill, and I can already feel the cramps. Guess I will have to decide which one is worse, the cramps or the side effects."
"I was prescribed Beyaz a year ago to control my acne and regulate my periods. I was experiencing acne like never before and was having 2 periods one month then none the next. Beyaz did work. It cleared up my acne 100%. However, it made my periods very light, inconsistent, and only 3-4 days long. Call me crazy, but I miss having 7 day, consistent periods. With Beyaz my periods are so light, tampons are painful to use and pads are too much protection. But I have to wear something; I have unexpected bursts/flows during those 3-4 days. My periods also don&#039;t start until the last day of the pack. I&#039;ve had to skip the last pill just so that my period would start. Maybe Beyaz is too strong for my cycle, but it did wonders for my acne."
"I have had Mirena 5 years and it worked perfectly and had no problems... Then I had it taken out and another put in. Ever since I have had migraines and acne on chin and back and sometimes I get a sharp pain in the area where the mirena is placed, it hasn&#039;t moved, or embedded. I don&#039;t understand how the first one was so perfect and now the past year with second one has been so awful... I don&#039;t know what to do at this point!?"
"It&#039;s hard to believe that there is a product out there that actually works but this is it. After struggling with melasma under my eyes from birth control and sun exposure I tried many different products and none even seemed to make any difference. Within a week and a half of use Triluma has reduced the darkness by probably 75%. Use sparingly and follow instructions, more isn&#039;t better with this product. A small amount does the trick."
"I lacked the intrinsic factor to absorb Vitamin B12 from food since I was in my 30s. I was diagnosed with breast cancer 2x and now am age 55 I increasingly find that I am dependent on the b12 for energy, mood and weight maintenance. I can tell when my levels are low without a calendar as this usually occurs about 3-5 days before the end of the month when I am do for my shot."
"I am on Onglyza and Metformin. I have much confidence in the Onglyza. I ran out of the drug for a week, and my sugar went sky high. My insurance may not cover Onglyza now and I am saddened by that. I trust this drug to keep my sugar in check."
"The best and available over the counter."
"Was an Heroin junkie smoking on an average of 1.5-2g a day for almost two years. Was a Roxy junkie for five years before the heroin habit. I&#039;m on my fourth day in heavy withdrawal. The kratom worked wonders the first three days but ran short due to needing a heavier dose to do the trick. So called my Dr today after reading everything available on clonidine and explained my situation. 40 min later I had my clonidine in hand. Up all night with my legs tripping out, headache, arms and upper back starting to get sore. Took one .3mg dose and 45-55min I was able to lay on bed without the RLS or achy upper body. I would recommend this medicine to anyone during the uncomfortable reactions when you are choosing to take your life back. Good luck."
"After taking Savella for two months, I began to notice a slight lessening of deep muscle pain and tenderness of joints. It has not, however, done away with the intense fatigue I am sometimes subjected to. Initially, I did experience my heart racing and feeling jittery, but after a few weeks, this went away. I do sometimes experience hot flashes, but I can live with that. Overall, my doctor and I are quite pleased with the results. I don&#039;t know if this is as good as it gets or if the results will continue to improve as I continue the medication. While I am not completely pain-free, I am very happy with Savella. I find it a blessing indeed."
"I&#039;ve been taking it for 7 years and it turned my life around. I am severely dyslexic and have ADD and am on 30mg to 40mg a day. However, as of recent it has started making me slightly disorientated and even slightly sleepy, and my thoughts come faster than I speak (used to happen before I started taking Ritalin with my dyslexia) but it feels worse. I just started interning at an Ad company so not the best of times! "
"I have been taking Contrave for almost two months.  I am a 50 year old 5&#039;2&quot; woman that started out at 155 lbs.  Since starting I have lost 11 lbs.  I had I think all the side effects.  A week of severe nauseousness.  No throwing up just wouldn&#039;t eat anything without a stomach ache. Before I started Contrave I drank up to six cans of pop a day and now do not even crave it.  I had headaches for about a week and constipation.  Now almost two months in and I feel better.  I really feel this is a great diet pill.  I only have 9lbs to go to my goal weight."
"Omg, this was by far the wrost medication ever. Sick is an understatement, throwing up, out of both ends, cold sweats, like going though withdrawal. Be careful if you try this. Your going to be sick"
"I love sertraline, I can honestly say this medicine has given me my life back after crippling anxiety and depression. I feel back to my old self and able to get on with life"
"This is only the 2nd full day that I have been on Contrave and absolutely zero side effects.  After just one day I lost 2 pounds.  Contrave made it to where I wasn&#039;t even hungry.  I had to remember to eat lunch.  In the evening was  a little more difficult.  I was hungry, but I didn&#039;t gorge myself.  I am confidant that when I work up to the full dose twice a day, that may help my cravings in the afternoon/evening.  My doctor told me to take the evening dose about 30 minutes prior to supper.  I will post an update in a few weeks, but I am excited about this new drug."
"I had a total/full Hysterctomy in Jan of 2006.  I was put on Estrace/Estradoil 1mg at the time.  Pending on the person, we are all different.  1 mg, I still had bad hot flashes, terrible or nasty temper, dizziness, feeling faint, very moody, feelings of rage. My Gyn put me up to a 2mg tablet. It worked, the rage feelings, dizziness, and most of the sweating and hot flashes eased or went away. I felt human again, and in control of my thoughts, and actions.  It feels good not to have that terrible rage.  I was at this time not receiving the right dose, it was to low.
This week my gyn put me back on 1mg of Estrace, all those horrible feelings came back and quickly. My body again, was not getting enough hormone of estrogen and back on 2mg&#039;s."
"I have been on the Mirena for 10 months now. I am going to take it out as soon as possible. The cramping has indeed gotten worse and I bleed at very odd times; sometimes very heavily with clotting and sometimes lightly. It interrupts sexual activity from the bleeding and I run back and forth to the doctor because I can never find it. Honestly, it was good in the beginning, but I feel like these symptoms should be gone by now. Just goes to show everything isn&#039;t for everyone."
"My friend, a registered nurse, recommended this product.  Like a lot of women, I have sporadic pain in my shoulder and neck area.  Whether this is the result of stress and/or carrying a heavy purse, I don&#039;t know.  Anyhow....I tried the patch and within 90 minutes my pain was gone!  I have since recommended this product to other women at work with the same issues and they also had good results."
"Good medicine"
"Wow! That&#039;s all I can say. I had my doubts. Withdrawals- fever, cold sweats, chills, dilated pupils, upset stomach, shakes, extreme anxiety, loss of appetite, should I say more - well I did not have one of them. Suboxone - a miracle drug."
"I had spinal fusion in lower lumbar region 9 years ago.  I was fine until August &#039;08.  I had such severe sciatic pain doctor progressively put me on Ultram ER 200mg 1x / day.  It worked great.  Pain went away after 4 months.  I stopped taking Ultram and now I am dealing with withdrawal symptoms.  PAY ATTENTION to warnings about long term usage."
"I have fibromyalgia, scleroderma and polymyositus, all have to do with muscle pain and tendon pain. I must say, I went from shuffling in the morning, not being able to walk, to feeling little pain. It&#039;s been a month now. I am also on methadone, which, by itself, did not help. I do feel very fatigued, and out of sorts, but, I would rather be like this than the way I was in pain."
"My periods have been incredibly irregular. I bleed every time I am sexually active."
"Before I start my period, I get cramps, acne and I&#039;m very moody on this pill. My sex drive is usually very high. This is the only pill I&#039;ve ever taken so I don&#039;t have much to compare it to but I don&#039;t find it that bad."
"Well let&#039;s just say everyone is different when it comes to birth control. That&#039;s definitely true. The 2 bad things that are causing me to want to get it out is the acne and weight gain. Within the 1st year I had very few side effects within the second year I gained 14 lbs and now I&#039;m on the last year and afraid I&#039;m only going to gain more. I haven&#039;t changed my eating habits at all. I think everyone is different and it doesn&#039;t hurt to give it a try. Good luck.
"
"At age 54,  taking this is the only way I&#039;ve been able to lose weight. I used to be able to lose 10 to 20 pounds pretty easily with just better food choices and mild exercise. But over the last  several years with a strict Paleo diet and exercising five days a week, three days a week with a trainer, I Wasn&#039;t able to drop a single pound.  As you get older you must consume a depressingly small amount of food in order to lose weight, this drug gives you the willpower to stay with a low cal a day diet.  For me it&#039;s impossible to shop and cook and only consume my low cal per day. So, I used prepared food services like  eat fit go and factor 75 to be certain of the calories I&#039;m consuming with no leftovers and no snacking during cooking."
"Ive had the implant for almost four months now 10/2/15 will be four months ive been bleeding since i got on this birth control other than the bleeding i havent gained weight   havent had any major break outs like most ppl my moods been lil off too more emotional then before but if u dont mind bleeding four months straight n being emotional some days id say try it ..haha better then having to remember pills n going for ur shot lol especially if u have kids n a job and so much going on u forget lol. Pretty happy i got it put in cause i dont need any more kids lol two is plunty :)"
"I have been taking Lexapro for more than four years at 10mg-20mg.  It has been great at reducing mood swings, anxiety, and sadness. I have not noticed reduced effectiveness, however, my doc did move me up to 20mg because I was still experiencing pms mood swings and irritability.  I also have mild to severe depression.  There are only 3 side effects I have experienced and that is reduced libido, yawning, and inorgasmia. Which I feel I can handle as long as I&#039;m happy and positive. I had tried Zoloft before and it didn&#039;t make me happier it just made me jittery and jumpy all the time and I couldn&#039;t relax.  So, Lexapro has definitely been the answer for me."
"So I&#039;ve had the implanon for over a year, and it&#039;s been great! I&#039;ve always been a healthy person. I&#039;ve tired birth control pills and the ring (nuva right?) in the past, and I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects. I dont have health or mental issues. The implanon didn&#039;t change my mood or weight. I&#039;m still at 122 Lbs. I don&#039;t exercise level is low (college student). I&#039;ve been reading all these crazy reviews about people gaining weight and losing hair, but thankfully, it hasn&#039;t happened to me. I do have to say, I haven&#039;t had my period since it was inserted into my arm. Not even spotting. I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s bad. Other than that, I&#039;ve been loving this birth control."
"It really helped with my coughing, but it made me extremely sleepy."
"Have used this product several times over recent years used for facial and scalp keratosis. It definitely works well although skin conditions seem to return after a year or two. Treatment involves application of ointment on week days (i.e. five days, with weekends off) for four weeks. The major side effect I have noticed is flu-like symptoms (coldness and body aches) and tiredness. The several times this has happened I have taken a day&#039;s break from treatment before resuming."
"My experience with Suprep was excellent!  No kidding!  I had a colonic (colon hydrotherapy) 24 hours before starting the Suprep, and I also started decreasing my food intake 48 hours before by keeping my meals light and avoiding snacks.  After the first dose of Suprep, I didn&#039;t have any bowel movement at all.  Things started moving about 45 minutes after the second dose and the process was finished within 30 minutes.  My bottom was not sore at all because there was very little debris in there due to the colonic and limited food intake beforehand.  Also, I didn&#039;t have any problem drinking the solution, the taste wasn&#039;t that bad."
"I have been taking Humira now for about 10 years. First started as study patient and still continue to take it.  It has been great.  Recently the cost has been the biggest concern.  I have tried to take injections a month at a time rather then two weeks.  I do not suggest this.  Three weeks at a time seem to work great for me.  After that the pain starts to return.  I am currently researching other medicines so I can stop taking this.  The cost is just too high for me.  Currently the only long term affects I have noticed is shortness of breath, hair loss, occasional dizziness and fatigue/insomnia.  I hope this review helps."
"I have used Levothroid and Synthroid.  I am currently on Levothroid.  It does okay, I have been able to maintain a normal life although I have bad joint pain now after 18 years of use.  I have more memory problems now than I did before especially names.  And I have lost bone height.  I am over an inch shorter now than I was before.  I am only 52 and had my thyroid removed due to cancer 18 years ago."
"I have taken a zpack for years now when I have infections due to having severe allergies to other medication families. I am faced with yet another soft tissue tooth infection and will of course be asking for my usual zpack to make it go down until we can get heart clearance from my doctors to have the teeth that are infected removed."
"my son has been taking concerta at varying mg&#039;s for the past 6 years. He has experienced increased heart palpatations at night for the past year.  Cardiologist and ADD doctor state that its anxiety related. Rx has worked well for years. Unfortunately, i think its time to rethink the prescription as he enters his preteen years."
"Hi There I&#039;ve been on Saxenda for three weeks now up to 1.8 no results I&#039;ve actually put on weight. I haven&#039;t had any side effects. Very disappointed but will hang in there till I finish the script but probably won&#039;t buy the new script."
"I used Loestrin for about 6 months. I switched from Yaz because although Yaz promised a shorter period, I actually had it for about 8 days. With loestrin, I only had my period for 2 days - major plus. However, as time went on, I noticed that I would get stomach aches and the main issue was loss of sex drive. It took a while to realize that this was caused by Loestrin but just keep in mind that this is a side effect. "
"I&#039;ve found that Lyrica does help though it did take a while for me to get used to it as initially I was very affected and sounded like I&#039;d been drinking when I took it! I only take it at night now though I still have to be careful not to take too much or take it too late in the evening or I&#039;m a bit slow and sleepy the next day. 
My doctor tried me first on Cymbalta ( spelling?) but the constipation was horrific with that for me. 
Overall my pain has diminished with Lyrica and I&#039;m happy to be on it."
"This medication combined with Finacea cream saved my skin! I was having terrible localized breakouts that would leave bad scars. Once I started religiously using Oracea and Finacea (to help with redness) my skin looks amazing, I rarely need to wear makeup now.

Only downside is it makes my lips sensitive. The tend to look swollen- which is not such a bad thing.

I would recommend this to anyone dealing with Rosacea."
"After I took lutera, within an hour I would feel a rush of fatigue and want to sleep. I would end up taking two, three hour long naps- which threw off my sleep cycle. My breasts hurt, and I was extremely aggressive during my month on this pill. Toward the end I started spotting the 4th day of the third week, and I am on the 3rd day of my period week- and so far I have been spotting for 7 days. My acne got worse, when this was supposed to help. I did not experience bleeding at first. Wouldn&#039;t recommend this pill. I am switching to Yaz."
"I LOVE EPIDUO!!! I have had really bad acne on my forehead since seventh grade and i got epiduo the summer before my freshman year. I tried everything the drugstore had from Clean and Clear, Neutrogena, and Yes to Tomatoes but they all just dried out my skin and in some cases made it worse. The first week of using epiduo, i noticed my really bad breakouts reduced in redness and size. Im still using it a year later and whenever i have a new pimple or really bad breakout, i put it on once a night and its almost completely gone a week later. The great thing is that it last you a long time since you really arent supposed to use that much at one time. I would definitely recommend asking your dermatologist about it."
"I&#039;m 20 with no kids and thought paragard would be the best option since I don&#039;t do well with hormones. I usually take pain pretty well but this hurt so bad. Even though it was only for a couple minutes, it was the worst pain I&#039;ve ever felt down there. My doctor put it in and I had an ultrasound right after to make sure it was in the right place. Of course the arms didn&#039;t open up, and the IUD had to be taken out and another one needed to be put it in. It was horrible!! The second one was even worse than the first and took about 8 minutes to get in correctly. A month later I had another ultrasound and the IUD had moved into my cervix and needed to be taken out. I really wanted this to work. I&#039;m now looking into skyla."
"A must try for RLS Had RLS for 7 years and was always told it was in my head. After that long leaving my RLS it was getting worse and i was showing signs of depression so i booked myself in the docs (thought i would be put on anti-depressents) i was offered to try gabapentin first to get rid of the cause of depression symptoms.
     They made me feel drowsy, tierd and clumsy for about 2 weeks and started getting use to them. But i slowly noticed my legs wasnt driving me insaine! They was relaxing for once when my mind was relaxed my legs was too! I have been on them a few months now and it feels great to be able to sleep and not kick around all the time. I feel happier in myself and great to have my legs and brain comunicating properly"
"Insertion itself is not very painful, and it&#039;s over quickly. The pain I experienced was during the manual dilation, which did make me nearly pass out. The nurse said that was my body&#039;s reaction to dilation, and is not uncommon. After 20 minutes or so to recover, I went home. Cramping and spotting for the rest of the day, and occasional cramping for the following week. Cramping was significantly better on days after evening work outs.

My partner cannot feel the strings during sex, and I have no idea that the IUD is there. There is no reason for me to believe that I should begin to have more side effects down the road, because a few weeks in all spotting and cramping has subsided."
"I&#039;ve been using Victoza since August 20th and I&#039;ve lost 7lbs.  My daytime sugars are finally at a normal range after always being in the 200&#039;s.  I take Lantus at night, but my morning fasting sugars are still slightly high.  The side effects haven&#039;t been so bad, only lasting a day or two.  Today I start my largest and final dosage of Victoza 1.8mg, we&#039;ll see how that goes."
"I am starting on a low dose as I was given a stimulant type at first, which made me feel sick and stopped me sleeping. So now I am on Atomxetine but just a low dose as I seem to suffer badly with side effects. At my recent assessment, the doc told me to increase dose to 40mg, then 80, but I decided to start on 20 mg, then 40 second week. Only I am finding I can&#039;t sleep so I am going to try to take about 2 hours before bedtime, see if that helps. Not sure what to do if these don&#039;t work ...Any advice would be grateful, thanks"
"I&#039;ve been on various BC pills over the years and this was the worst. I was on this pill for over a year and gained more than 40lbs. I even put weight on in my face! What&#039;s worse is how long it took me to realize how much weight I had put on because it sent me spiraling into uncontrollable depression &amp; I stopped caring about almost everything. After my first year I started having a &quot;period&quot; 2 weeks into the pack which only consisted of extreme cramping and some brown discharge for a few days. Around the time I started having a period mid pack my migraines got out of control &amp; I had them controlled for years. I&#039;ve been working out 7 days a week for months and changed my already decent diet and have put on 15 more lbs. I can&#039;t wait to change!"
"I don&#039;t know how I have lived for 34 years without this medication. Pristiq has for me been a God send. I am now 5 weeks in, and have never felt this clear and focused. It&#039;s not a miracle worker, the situations I face daily still get me cranky and stressed, but I don&#039;t seethe anymore. I used to get angry with my kids for being &quot;naughty&quot;, and stay angry for ages, just getting worse and worse. Now I take the time to be a &quot;Mum&quot;, talking to them and not stressing about the little things they do. As for side effects, I had a little nausea, and irritability (which I still have at times, but I have 4 kids under 4, and my husband works away from home) but overall it&#039;s much more pleasant in our house. Good luck to everyone."
"I got my Skyla in August of this year. I previously had the Nexplenon and loved it. I&#039;m 24, never had children and had not had period from 6/2014 to 8/2016. I was not informed to take any kind of muscle relaxer or anti-inflammatory beforehand. The insertion was terrifying and painful. The &quot;test&quot; probe hurt so bad that I pushed out the speculum. Which meant that they had to start all over. The cramping was painful and I was so glad I did it on a Friday. Since insertion, I have had a period every month and the cramps are excruciating. I also get sharp pains when I am not on period. I called the doctor today and told them what was going on. They told me that I need to go back to the Nexplenon asap."
"I&#039;m writing this 2hrs after round 2. The taste is disgusting, unless you enjoy salty fruity nastiness. I&#039;ve had chills so bad that one might think I was having a seizure. I&#039;ve also had cramps so bad that would have on a normal day sent me to the ER. I have been dealing with abdominal pain for 4 months,  just really hoping to find the cause. Will opt for the Colyte for the next one,  as that is what I had 5 years ago without the horrible side effects. Good luck to those who are reading this."
"I have suffered from a Major Depressive Disorder for many years now and have always suffered from the constipation side effect of taking Venlafaxine (the active ingredient in Effexor and Elaxine. .. dont know about other antidepressants). I used Fleet Phospho Soda for the 1st time about 18 months ago and it was a very welcomed relief. 

When taking Fleet I follow the following regime: 
Mix 1/3 of a single bottle with 250ml water (as directed)
ready the next round straight away then set a 10min timer on my phone
when timer goes off, down the next glass as fast as you can (tastes like crap)
ready the next round and set timer again.
when timer goes off, down the last round.

Activity usually takes for me, approx 3-4 hours to take effect."
"So far I like the nuva ring. Although I have been experiencing more frequent bowel movements and trips to the bathroom, I haven&#039;t experienced any significant change yet. I wanted a change from taking pills and I like that I can remove this at anytime. I have not tried this yet with my boyfriend during intercourse so I&#039;m not sure how that will go. Fingers crossed everything stays fine!"
"I have had the best experience of birth control on this pill. The usual side effects for me on birth control is weight gain, moody, no energy, and spotting. I have not experienced any of these side effects on microgestin fe 1.5/30. I cannot give it 10 stars due to that I am not as interested in having sex as I was before taking the pill, which brought me down to a normal married person&#039;s sex life really. It has actually made husband happy on that (guys don&#039;t want to have sex all the time it turns out). 
Note on acne- no affect.
Things to consider: I am 24, I exercise, and I am a Nurse, so I am constantly on my feet."
"I&#039;m 37 and I suffer from pcos. I have been battening cystic acne since I was 25. I have spent thousands and thousands of dollars on meds, topical creams, different dermatologists and even laser treatments that have become costly. Doxy is a quick fix and as long as you&#039;re on it, it will work. However, coming off the meds you&#039;re skin will start to purge so be prepared. I&#039;ve been mixing the right vitamins, cutting out dairy, eating GF, and keeping my diet rich in lots of green leafy veggies and high protein. I also have to exercise at least 3 times a week. Taking probiotics is also extremely important. Don&#039;t exfoliate too much and try to keep your cleansing regime simple. Hope this helps."
"I&#039;m a 27 year old male and work 80-90 hours/week. I found that I crash after 3-5 hours if I don&#039;t prepare my body with proper nutrients before taking a 100mg dose. Eating a solid meal before, and healthy snacking during has given me great results. Wakefulness, alert, no jitters, and no crash. I also have at least 2 cups of coffee throughout the day to keep it consistent. Positive results if you use it correctly."
"NO. Do not take this, ladies! Unless you want burning, itching, swollen lady parts, that is. I applied this as I laid down to sleep, just like I would with Monistat 7, but immediately felt the fires of hell erupting inside and out of the last place any sane person would pick to feel it. Finally got to sleep after splashing with cold water and laying down naked from the waist down, only to feel more (less intense) burning when I woke up again at 1:15 in the morning. If it&#039;s too late for you, the best remedy seems to be a cool bath. Heaven help us all. If it&#039;s not too late for you, JUST SAY NO. This drug should NOT be on the shelves! Really, FDA??!"
"My doctor switched me to a pain clinic after years of treating my back pain.  I went from 4 x 7.5mg Lortab to 20mg Embeda and 2 x 7.5mg Lortab today.  After reading this site, I realize why my pain has increased as the Embeda has an opiate blocker.  Thanks for the info. I go to the doctor tomorrow and intend to discuss this.  I have had two fusions in my lower back that only had limited success.  I only want and this may sound corny but I need to have my life back with pain control.  I have nerve damage along with bone pain (arthritis). I am only 50 years old.  There has got to be something out there that will work that will allow me to return to work and manage my pain."
"I have been on DDAVP since 2004.  I recently changed over to the tablet form.  It is much more convenient to carry with me, but I have found that I have trouble having regular bowel movements and also I am having trouble losing weight.  How can I lose the water weight while still staying hydrated on the DDAVP?  I have heard that maybe I should limit my fluid intake. "
"Before the patch I was on the shot for two years. I decided to take it off after gaining weight (FROM 130 TO 160) and I was experiencing really bad pain in my lower abs and back at random times. I went to the hospital and they said everything looked fine so I suspected it was the birth control so I switched. So far this is my 2nd month on this patch. got my period when I was supposed to and it is so light and exact timing! the only bad side effect is I get nauseous at random times but once I eat I&#039;m fine. no more weight gain yet, my appetite seems to be normal if not less eating than before. my boobs are always hurting and its annoying. Take my bra off right when I get home cuz I cant take it!! hopefully that will end soon!"
"My blood pressure used to average 150/100, so a doctor put me on Enalapril 5 mg. Within 6 days I had to go to an optician to check my eyes because my vision became so blurry. In addition I developed an extremely dry mouth and drinking water didn&#039;t help. I also got a sore throat for two days. My blood pressure went down somewhat to 130/90. However a different doctor discontinued the enalapril and put me on Zaart h. A day later after taking the Zaart h my vision has improved and my pressure is at 104/74. Never taking enalapril again."
"I took Roaccutane 9 years ago at the age of 30. Although I didn&#039;t have cystic acne, I had had persistent facial acne since the age of 12, and nothing helped. Initially the drug helped a lot, with the major side effect being severely chapped lips and dry skin. After several months of treatment my dose was increased. Within days I was depressed and miserable, with crying spells. It took me a while to put 2 and 2 together and consider the medicine as a likely cause. I dropped the dose down again and I quickly improved. However, I feel the damage was done and I gradually became more and more depressed and ultimately was taken of the medicine. For the past 9 years I have suffered depression and anorexia nervosa."
"Haven&#039;t been on a pill in 8 years... Since I started it 5 w ago I&#039;ve gotten acne, stomach pains, cramps but most of all, I am angry, sad, all symptoms of PPD. I have history of depression and that makes it highly common to experience depression of signs of PPD as on the side effects list of Nora Be. I will never take this again, I have a cloud over my brain, I yell at my children, angry at my husband for having freedom to leave without 2 kids, anxiety, paranoid. My family doesn&#039;t deserve it and I don&#039;t deserve to feel this way just to prevent a 3rd child."
"I was on the meds  2014 . I noticed black marks on My arms an legs unusual. I stopped taking it the marks went away. After suffering many traumatized events I went back on last year to find more random black marks on my body.  I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s working for depression.  I&#039;m still sad most days. I also have constant headaches. mood swings. Still high pain levels.  Depression runs deep. I know I need something just scared to try the list.  SMH"
"Lamictal helps my mood swings but sometimes it makes me stutter or feel like crying. Other than that I am satisfied with the treatment for Bipolar 1 disorder."
"I had no side effects with this medication! I had the three day dose, and it was a little intimidating due to the size of the applicator but it didn&#039;t hurt or burn at all. Cleared my infection right up. Would definitely recommend! But just make sure to do it right before bed, because it will come out a little."
"First 3 months was a nonstop period. The flow varied. That was horrible. Good thing, I&#039;ve only spotted a couple times since. I have already gained about 15-20lbs and I haven&#039;t even had it for a year. It&#039;s seriously convenient and all but if I cant keep my weight in control I might have it removed"
"Excellent for migraines the best. Unlike all the other medicines. Again, doesn&#039;t make me sick like Relpax, effective unlike Imitrex. I just wish I could get it again."
"I have had this twice, both times it made me mildly nauseous and did nothing for the pain.  The first time was when I made a trip to the emergency room for a migraine. It was a terrible migraine.

 After about 15 minutes of me screaming and wailing in the emergency room it started to wane. It was very mild by the time the doctor came in to talk to me.  But he still gave me an injection of dilaudid.  And even for the mild headache it didn&#039;t help at all. 

 Second time was after hysterectomy. I had excruciating pain from trapped gas under my ribs near my liver.  Nurses kept telling me to press my pain med dispensing button,  and I was already. But it wasn&#039;t even taking the edge off."
"Started 04/06- update on 06/12.  Have lost 28 pounds thus far.  Goal is to loss another 30lb by September.  No harsh side effects.  Exercising and eating more responsibly from day 1."
"For many years I had been trying to live with anxiety until it reached a point when I realized I needed help. I often felt stressed and anxious with simple activities like going to the store, and couldn&#039;t hold a job or stick with things. Celexa made me happy again, helped me look at life as a glass half full, not empty. Started on 20, noticed some improvement but not complete relief...increased to 40, and then feeling great decided I no longer needed medication. Tapering off, withdrawal symptoms included: dizziness, shakiness, nausea, etc...also, anxiety returned full force. I&#039;m back on it, I gave it an 8 because as effective as it is, therapy is an important component to include with treatment. I&#039;ll probably stay on this for many years!"
"I have been on trinessa for about 10 months and I have had a good experience! This is the first birth control ive ever taken. My whole life I have had very regular, easy periods. I used to have cramps the first day and would last about 6 days. now my period lasts about 4 days with and I don&#039;t have any cramps! My acne is loads better, my boobs got bigger. I gained about 5 pounds but have also slipped on my healthy eating/ working out so that could also be why. I take it at 7pm every night because I did feel slightly nauseous when I took it in the morning when I first started taking trinessa. I sleep great, my anxiety is actually better. Overall a good experience- my only complaint is that I seem to cry/ get more emotional over silly things!"
"So I love how I feel I am on this stuff. Little background info I am bipolar and suffering post partum from having my first daughter three months ago..two things I&#039;ve noticed I don&#039;t cry as much however I itch constantly I mean like a crack.head itching. Also having headaches and crazy dreams ( snakes spiders) but the post partum is mostly gone. I still feel however no weight loss and that is still a major depression symptom for me and probably my biggest. I make myself sick in the mirror when I&#039;m naked and I like the way it&#039;s taken away the post partum but still no self esteem. What do I do? Also i.would love to chat or if there is a group I can look into about this please let me know I am on my second week of 10.MG thank you!"
"Gave me my life back"
"This medicine made me have really bad mood swings. I took it to stop bleeding. Bleeding never stopped. I even had thoughts of suicide. Outburst of crying for no reason. No thanks"
"Have been on Trintellix 10 mg for 3 months now. Previously tried Celexa and Lexapro, and years ago Paxil and Prozac. Overall, it definitely works well to control my anxiety. My problems were more anxiety than depression, although Trintellix seems to help with my mood as well. I&#039;m not nearly as tired as I was on Celexa and Lexapro. No nausea, but I still have some sexual side effects (low libido). Although the sexual side effects are definitely better than Celexa or Lexapro. Overall though, probably the best of the antidepressants I&#039;ve been on, comparing efficacy vs. side effects."
"My son, age 9, was recently diagnosed with Central Auditory Processing Disorder. CAPD has a lot of the same &#039;symptoms&#039; as Inattentive ADHD. After struggling with the best way to help my son and meeting with his pediatrician, we decided to give Focalin XR a try. We have seen amazing, wonderful progress. My son feels/is successful at school, he&#039;s able to focus, gets his work done, etc, all with very minimal side effects. We couldn&#039;t be happier! I realize medicines are not for everyone and many, like me, are hesitant to even try them. But I am here to tell you that it has made a very big difference for my son."
"Lexapro literally saved my life.  I had such bad anxiety before taking this medicine."
"I like methadone. It works really well and seems to last a lot longer than other pain medicines. "
"Before i was on this injection i was taking up to 7 pills a day and lucky me i had a good social worker and nurse who talked to my doctor to find something better too for me to take i was having episode and tripping out like i was in the spirit world tvs were talking to me and people were turning in too demons but after takeing this medicine it clears my mind and keeps me sane i have quit my medication a couple of times but the episodes come back this medicine is really good i did gain weight but rideing my bike too school helps the longer you stay on this medicine the better it works i find but i was always getting head akes i thought it was the medication but really i just needed glasses the medicine works i get it in my arm"
"It is proved itself it is an excellent drug of choice MDR Gr -ve bacteria, including Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter."
"Great stuff.  Best way to beat restless sleep patterns.  Not up and down like a yoyo when I take. One. Use 1 25mg. Get  sick of the silly questions at the pharmacy.  Don&#039;t take it every night about 3 times a week."
"The 1st dose made me so nauseous and I fell asleep for 1.5 hours and awoke still nauseous and with a headache. I then took a second pill and then I was perfect within 30 minutes."
"Viberzi is working great for me.  All medications can have adverse side effects as well as the potential to lose some effectiveness over time if taken frequently.  For these reasons as well as taking care of my body in general, I try to stick to the low fodmap diet designed for IBS as those are the foods my body can pricess well.  I do not have to take a pill every day.  Only on days when I splurge on something I know has the potential to make me sick or if I find myself in a situation where I don&#039;t have any low fodmap food options.  I don&#039;t use the medication as a crutch to start eating anything and everything I want."
"I&#039;ve been using nasonex for a good 3 weeks. Now and it really doesn&#039;t seem to work at all. If anything it seems to make my nose even more runny and now I can even taste it... use with caution, it could make your problem worst."
"I have had the mirena for 18 months now. I am getting it removed on Friday. The 2 major reasons is weight gain (10 lbs) that is a lot for me as I am a personal trainer and it has killed my sex drive! I have always had a higher than average libido and for the past year it is gone. Not worth it to me. I would rather have my painful periods back!!!"
"I usually do the seven day dosage with no issues, so I figured why not try the three day sounds better. 

I don&#039;t think I have ever been so wrong. The box should have been labeled egg of doom, after putting this thing in nothing really happened then soon as I woke up it was there was fire coming from my vag. I was reconsidering whether this was even a yeast infection with how much pain I was in. Days later still regretting it with no change in itching or burning. Tried oatmeal bath, anti itch wipes and I think it&#039;s honestly just making it worse. Don&#039;t buy this go get diflucan instead of torturing your lady parts "
"Hi everyone. I am recently a new user of zoloft. I am in the process of weaning off the current antidepressant pristiq, which I feel has been not helping me...so my therapist recommended zoloft. She had me start by weaning off pristiq by taking my full dosage and half dosage of zoloft and by week 4 I&#039;ll be completely off pristiq and on zoloft. I&#039;m curious how everyone feels about zolof...their side affects, improvements etc. I suffer from anxiety attacks and slight depression."
"Had complications from rectal surgery resulting in 3 surgeries in as many weeks.  Very painful.  This med helped inflammation, which was good, but was light on the pain relief -- and kept me awake at night."
"I&#039;ve had auditory hallucinations all my life.  Was on Geodon previously and had to keep upping the dose to keep the hallucinations and voices at bay.  With Invega, I&#039;m on the lowest dose and have an auditory hallucination maybe once or twice a month. Despite the risk of side effects, this is a wonder drug for me. I&#039;ve had no side effects."
"After 25 years of suffering with migraines I&#039;ve finally found something that works, bearing in mind I&#039;m only 27. Although when my dose is increased I have really bad gastroenteritis and my taste has completely changed not to mention my weight loss, this is a really powerful drug. I believe it is working for me.
Ok, I am now updating my review...I am now 37 years old and I still take the Topamax daily, 25 mg in the morning and 50 mg at night. It works for me really well. Maybe 1 migraine a month and it is very manageable with Relpax. I still get a little bit of tingling in my hands and feet, and my weight has stabilized. I love Topamax. The only complaint I have is the price."
"My neurologist gave me a sample of this spray during my last office visit.  We&#039;re going the non-Triptan route trying to manage my migraines since I previously had a reaction to Triptans.  This spray did nothing for my latest migraine at all. In it&#039;s defense my migraines are pretty severe and even hard core narcotics aren&#039;t much of a match for them.  The search continues."
"Im 20 yr old and have been on birth control for 2 yr now ive tried every pill and even the implant each of them have cause horrid pains and bleeding, i havent got pregnant but experience  bad moods and weight gain, nodoctor can seem to help its very frustrating that each  doctors visit ive only been  prescribed  a higher dosage  of the pill (now yaz) i feel like the only person who is experiencing  this and if the doctors cant help what the heck am i supposed  to do"
"I was switched from Azurette to Viorele by my pharmacy. Took Viorele for almost 3 months because I got 3 packs at a time. It gave me frequent headaches that I didn&#039;t experience on the azurette even though they are supposed to be the same. The biggest issue is I thought I had a UTI because it made me have to pee ALL the time. I had no other changes in my life except the pill so after going to the doctor and getting checked for UTI and it being negative I have switched back. My boobs were always sore but it made them look bigger so I didn&#039;t mind too much. If you have already big boobs though this might be a problem. Skin looks great on both pills. Period is light but cramps can be horrible sometimes."
"While I&#039;m finding it to be quite effective, since I started taking the medication I&#039;ve had frequent bouts of severe stomach pain and cramping. The pain is so sharp at times that I begin to sweat and can feel my heart racing."
"I would NEVER use this! Going into my 4th year I started having pains in my pelvic area that lasted 30mins-6hrs. It would wake me up, at the time I had these intense pains I would bleed then it would just stop. Went to OB and got a pelvic ultrasounds, I had tremendous blood clots in my uterus that wouldn&#039;t pass. The shot stopped working and stored my monthly flow on my uterus the dr said seemed like it stopped working for at least a year. Had to get cervical dilation to see if it&#039;ll come out, it didn&#039;t so a couple days later I got a D&amp;C. It&#039;s been 3 weeks since and I&#039;m having heavy bleeding. Which I think is only because my hormones are off! Do NOT get on this shot!!! Hopefully I can get something to regulate this!"
"I got the nexplanon inserted march 1st 2016 and i have made an appointment for it to be removed....the only good thing from it is only spotting for a few days a month and it does its job to prevent pregnancy but i can pretty much cry on command now...i get mad over the tiniest things that wouldn&#039;t have mattered before i got this...and also ive gained atleast 20 pounds without a single change in my diet..definitely wouldn&#039;t recommend!"
"My wife had been on Clonazepam for five years or so for her anxiety. She is a very vital, thin 50, but her libido had disappeared and she had delayed orgasm. She also had recurring upper respiratory infections and a cough she couldn&#039;t get rid of. I researched and found that one was a common side effect (the sexual aspect) and one rare (the cough). I had her go to her doctor and ask to get on Viibryd. She has had only minor side effects, but none of the gastrointestinal issues. Within three weeks the cough has almost disappeared, and last night she had multiple orgasm for the first time in 22 years since I&#039;ve known her. Oh yeah, and the anxiety seems to be less. Needless to say, we&#039;re big Viibryd fans already."
"I was sober for three years and it was great.  During that time I got my bachelors degree, was promoted in the military, and lost 50 pounds.  Then out of nowhere I relapsed.  I kept drinking for about 11 months and realized I was spiralling out of control again.  Gaining weight, lost motivation, decreased work efficiency, staying in bed all day.  I went to my doctor and told him I wanted to quit and he prescribed me 25mg librium for four days.  First day 2 pills every six hours, second day 1 pill every six hours, third day 1 pill every 12 hours, last day 1 pill before bedtime.  I can&#039;t say these made me feel much better, maybe slightly, but what they did help me do was sleep AMEN...that is always the worst!  I&#039;ve been sober for a week again!"
"My doctor said I had the worst case of Rosacea he had ever seen. He prescribed a couple of topicals and this medicine. This pill really worked for me. If I have a flare up, I take a couple and it goes away."
"I have found that this helps not only control the epilepsy but also lowers the amount of depression I tend to feel from the other medications I am taking."
"I have been taking Nature-throid for more than a year now and find it simply outstanding.  I have had no allergic reaction, that I am aware of, as I had with Armour brand and synthetic thyroid (a rash).  My blood test results have been quite stable.  I have been able to stay on the same dose, 32.5MG, and now enjoy the peace of mind of simply taking the pill (which I crush with my teeth and allow to dissolve sublingually) and get on with my life.  I should note that over the past several years I have made significant changes such as eliminating dairy, egg, and gluten from my diet, which I feel has greatly complemented any pharmaceutical benefit.  An outstanding medication, Nature-throid has helped me restore vitality to my life."
"Severe runner&#039;s knee. Very effective drug, works well enough to take the edge off. Still can feel pain but very manageable"
"It&#039;s the only injection that truly helps my son be able to function  as a rambunctious teenager without pain in all his joints. He&#039;s had up to 17 injections done at one time for his Poly-particular Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis with a short recovery time and pain relief for 3-4 months. I highly recommend asking about getting this injection instead of a short lived Cortisone injection."
"My daughter was born with urinary reflux, the result of which is usually 1-2 urinary tract infections a year.  Suprax ALWAYS knocks it out right away. We have tried many of the others.  Some took longer and some didn&#039;t work at all.  Only con is it is hard to get and you may have to order it at the pharmacy."
"I just started using Drysol last night for the first time and I love it! It did sting and was a little itchy at first but its so worth it. I&#039;m always wearing black or white shirts and now I could wear all my colored ones without worrying."
"My GP prescribed this drug to me to help me sleep as I have Borderline personality disorder and OCD.
I was to take 1 tablet a couple hours before bedtime; I done just that.

Within an hour, I started to feel slightly paralyzed and severely slow like a sloth. By two hours I wasn&#039;t able to properly hold a sentence without slurring. I went to bed and felt like I fell asleep instantly.

The next morning on the School run I was completely unable to get up. My child stayed home and watched tv next to me whilst I slept until 12pm. I awoke feeling severely slow and like I had severe depression. The effects lasted until the next morning.

Anyhow I took half a tablet a week later and the same effects were there but not as severe.
PLEASE BE CAREFUL."
"I had a headache for 2 weeks straight and couldn&#039;t figure out why so I finally broke down and went to the doctors yesterday! She prescribed me Ceftin and said I had a sinus infection. I took both pills yesterday and woke up today with no headache at all and feeling amazing. This pill really works so far!"
"Been on this birth control since I was 17. I&#039;m 23 now. Never had any bad side effects. The reason I began taking it is I used to have unbearable cramps every month that would keep me in bed. If I started my period at school or work, I had to go home because it was so intense. I was recommended to try birth control pills because of it. I also have not gotten pregnant with my long term relationship boyfriend. Works great for me!"
"I&#039;ve been taking it for 4 months now. After 4 months I can say that my body has adjusted pretty well to these meds. The first 3 months I suffered with very tender breasts, headaches, breakthrough bleeding, bloating, and nausea, but month 4 has been a breeze. I&#039;m 28, had NEVER had a menstrual cycle, extra hair growth, abnormal hormone/thyroid levels. This has worked wonders for me. Just give your body 3 - 4 months to adjust to it! My cycles are regular and last 5 - 6 days now."
"I was extremely confused on this medication , it was awful, I am glad that my doctor diagnosed me properly, as I could easily have been mistaken for dementia"
"I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes in November of 2015. So my doctor did a glucose test which was fasting for me and my number was 279 on a empty stomach. My A1c a day or so later I was at 13.2 my doctor has put me on janumet 50/500. I was at 203lbs before the diagnosis and now April 2016 I&#039;m approximately 180 pounds. I was losing weight before the diagnosis due to diabetes but I guess now since I&#039;ve been working out over a month and a half and my eating habits have changed I guess and with the medicine I&#039;ve dropped more weight. I guess overall my blood sugars are a whole lot better than they were before. A few headaches here and there and nausea but not so much of that. The medicine is okay I just don&#039;t want to lose anymore weight."
"I have been taking this medication for 3 months now. After the first dose I felt like a million dollars, as my mood lifted I felt great, for the first time in 4 years since i started taking narcotics for chronic pain. I find this drug helps somewhat for pain, wish it would help a little more. Thats okay as I have my life back again and now I function a lot better, and have much clearer thinking then i did."
"I was prescribed dexilant for a possible ulcer which caused nausea. It may have helped the nausea a little but not much.  After taking it for a few months, I got severe diarrhea and cramping.  I was not able to leave my apartment or go to work - the diarrhea was uncontrollable.  I have never had diarrhea this bad before.  I realized it was probably dexilant causing the diarrhea and cramping today after searching on the Internet for side effects.  I doubt it is anything other than the dexilant.  Hopefully the diarrhea and cramping will subside fairly quickly."
"I had been treated in ER for migraine and received tordol and some other anti nausea meds and I did wonderfully, then 2 mo. Later I went to ER for migraine and they wanted to try something new, tordol and reglan....thought to myself the other treatment worked well, why change it, but ER doc insisted. Tordol in IV great, Reglan went in and I felt it burn up my arm, I became agitated and within 30 seconds said to my husband...I think I&#039;m having a panic attack and then did! I am a medical professional and here I was yelling for the nurses because I thought I was going to die.  My poor husband!  It was a wild experience of feeling like I was passing out but I was lying down.  Felt like I was losing blood flow to my brain. Horrible experience!"
"Best out of many I tried. Helped the best with least side effects. Added Wellbutrin and combination is awesome. I&#039;m a high functioning person. Abilify at night. All good. Been on over ten years, Abilify recently. "
"Did some, not enough, to relieve pain.  I have pain because I have a ureter stent and am receiving radiation treatments to the pelvis -- both irritate the bladder and urinary track.  I am searching for a similar drug to this.  There must be something similar to this drug that helps alleviate the pain."
"Update from 8/17 post. I have dropped a total of 27 pounds (started at 230). There is no doubt this medicine works well but keep in mind I am highly motivated and work out 4-5 times a week. Belviq works really well on sugar cravings. I think this product will be very good for alcoholics, although I am not a heavy drinker my craving and interest in alcohol have gone way down. So now it is maybe one glass of wine with dinner instead of two or three. I am paying $145 with discount but worth it."
"I have had no side effects since being on Apri, which I switched to from a similar kind that wasn&#039;t covered by insurance."
"DO NOT use differin. As a result of using this lotion I developed a horrible red rash on my neck and face. 2.5 months later I am still have to apply hydrocortisone cream twice a day to keep it at bay and can&#039;t use any nice foundation or makeup. I have read several other reviews where it has happened to people and spoken to other GP&#039;s who have said they wouldn&#039;t prescribe it. 

IT IS NOT WORTH IT! Try anything else, but don&#039;t use this product."
"Have used as needed for anxiety.  7.5 mg 2-4 times a day.  Not habit forming nor no withdrawal problems if I stop taking. Does not make me drowsy."
"Started taking 7/15, I had terrible side effects, racing heart, dizziness, insomnia, speech and memory. When I told my doctor I was coming off it she basically told me to suck it up and push through the side effects.  She also recommend that I take one pill everyother day.  I am glad I listened to her, I am down 53 pounds.  This was all done on the 7.5 dose."
"I would not choose this drug again. SEVERE abd pain, i was in clinical on the 3 day of it and i barely could walk, it gets worse when i sat down. The pain is so bad i almost passed out. Do NOT recommend this to any one!!"
"I have suffered migraines for since I was 30 and I am now 51.  I use to lay in bed for days, and would end up in the hospital. I finally had a nurse ask me why wasn&#039;t I on prescription medication.  I told her my doctor told me I would outgrow them. I took her advice and switched doctors.  He put me on maxalt 10 mg, and it changed my life!!!!! I take them now when I feel the onset of a headache and it never develops into a migraine.  It saddens me to think how long I suffered when this wonderful drug was out there available.  I almost lost my job because of the migraines.  I was missing a lot of work. There were times when we would be on vacation and all I could do was lay in the hotel sick as a dog because of the migraines.  thanks maxalt."
"I woke up on day 9 taking Chantix completely oblivious to the fact that was even a smoker. Forgot all about it. Dreams were pretty vivid but cool, not one scary dream. I&#039;ve been smoke free for a year and don&#039;t have any urges to go back. I love feeling clean and healthy ."
"I took this pill for three days after being on Loryna for 3 years. Needless to say I gained 5 pounds of water weight in those three days and threw up every single pill. I&#039;ve never felt so sick from medication. STAY AWAY."
"I&#039;ve had horrible acne, including a ton of cystic pimples all on my cheeks and a few on my forehead. I also have chest acne and back acne. I started taking doxycycline hyclate about 2 months ago and at first I felt like giving up and stop taking it. I didn&#039;t know the pill made you feel nauseous and I took it with a full glass of water and felt sick. A friend of mine told me she was taking the same pill and her doctor said if it makes you feel sick take food with it. So I did and I still take it today along with erythromycin and benzoyl peroxide. My skin has cleared up so much and I&#039;m not constantly breaking out anymore. My skin isn&#039;t perfect but it is much better and it is slowly getting better. I will continue to take this antibiotic, I love it."
"My husband has used this a few years ago and worked well for him. We now need it for our son."
"Cut long story short - 
I&#039;m 21 years old I&#039;ve had a lot of problems with my left ovary since I was 14yearsold. I tend to get a lot of cysts on it yet my right ovary is perfect. My gynaecologist suggested that after trying so many pills I was still getting cysts and my periods were horrendous, to try the Mirina coil WORST decision of my life. 
At first they tried for 45 minutes to get it in and it would not go so I was told to come back in 2weeks which I did and again it took a lot of trouble and took 1hr and 25 mins until it was in place. After it was in it was just like period cramping. A week after this my stomach bloated making me look 5/6 months pregnant and the pain was excruciating! 1week after having it put in I&#039;ve had it removed!"
"My trigs were through the roof!  345!  Now they are 102.  My doctor said getting triglycerides under control was more important than LDL for me, but now LDL is back in range.  Lipofen is very good!"
"Had the skyla IUD implanted in June after having continuous bleeding on multiple combo pills for about 9 mos. Insertion was not bad - just some bad cramps for a few days after. First 2 mos I experienced stabbing pain cramps and then it evened out. I&#039;m opting to have it taken out after 5 mos. After 2 months, my acne has gotten considerably worse; while on pills my skin was fairly clear/only broke out in a few pimples during my period. Now I have developed cystic like acne (NOT GOOD). Also, I have experienced a lot of hair loss and my hair has thinned a lot (I have fairly thick hair) and have been having nasty headaches on a regular basis for the past 3 weeks. Good method of bc - IF you don&#039;t end up with nasty side effects."
"Celexa worked great to curb my anxiety. No longer use Xanax at all. However, side effects are getting to me and I am thinking of switching. I am experiencing: extreme fatigue and yawning, weight gain, blurred vision. Doctor is talking about switching me to Effexor. I recommend Celexa highly to anyone."
"I&#039;ve used the Zithromax Z-Pack several times over the years and have found it to be the ONLY pharmaceutical that actual works QUICKLY and the problem doesn&#039;t return upon finishing up the prescription. I&#039;m prone to a once a year, or once every two year throat infection. Extremely sore, dry yet phlegmy throat without any other signs of a cold. No cough, runny nose, sneezing nor fever. By the second day of taking this pack, my symptoms have already begun to subside. A very effective drug, indeed."
"This is my third time just now putting it back in . I&rsquo;ve never gained weight and have never experienced any side affects listed . I have no periods for the first two years and then the last year I start to gradually get a cycle here and there . A few months before I get It out the cycles become more frequent in a month time
My menstruation can be heavy or light at times . No consistency near the end . It affects everyone different . This is my experience and I love It and it&rsquo;s overall a cheaper way to go"
"Did nothing for me. I have been applying vaniqua twice a.day to my chin for over 2 months and I haven&#039;t noticed any change whatsoever. I will continue.to try until tube.is empty but will NOT repurchase. 
I don&#039;t want people.out there falsely assume this is some.sort of miracles cream that works fort everyone.. I have sharp, dark hairs on my chin and a few.scattered ones on my face and chest and I&#039;ve had it since I was 20. I think electrolysis is the only way for me to better my &quot;condition&quot;. Good luck to all out there battling this."
"I&#039;ve tried most of the meds out there, so me and my doc decided to try this although he said it didn&#039;t do well with anxiety. I&#039;m happy I tried this cause it really helped get rid of my anxiety and stress from work and anxiety I have in the afternoon. Have been on this 6 months now on 10mg. Really happy with it"
"I have been on treatment with Azopt eye drops - once a day -  for over 25 years.

 About 17 months ago I have started getting breathless - especially when walking on hills - out of the blue!

Until that time I have never experienced such a feeling.

I&#039;m very upset about it. 

It&#039;s very upsetting that while treating one condition another organ eventually gets damaged."
"I am a register nurse working 12 hour shifts.  tugging pulling.  I fell back in 1998 and damaged both of my knee&#039;s severely.  I have taken many different medications to control my chronic pain.  I have been taking nucynta 75mg every 6 hours since summer 2015.  Not all of my pain is gone, but I can tolerate more activity.  My life has improved greatly.   It is great that I do not have to burn up my liver with Tylenol.  Like all medications; it is not for everybody.  It works with my body chemistry.   My pain levels are low enough where I can sleep."
"I had a UTI finished an entire prescription of macrobid. I noticed as soon as I finished the meds my UTI symptoms came back - so it didn&#039;t work for m.  I then tried bactrim. The pain went away after 1.5 days of being on bactrim which was a huge relief but it is now day 4 and I am suffering from nausea, cold sweats, chills, insomnia and anxiety. It works for your UTI but the side effects are unbearable after a few days."
"The fastest acting anti anxiety medication I&#039;ve ever been prescribed, and by far the most effective.  The anxiety I experienced prior to medication was crippling, I would stay in bed all day and not want to leave my house to go to school, or anything that involved other social interaction.  This medicine got me up, happy, and willing/wanting to do the things I could not do before.  However, through prolonged use of this medication I have as a result become addicted, as when I do not receive my scheduled dose I feel withdrawals.  Overall - this medication has done so many good things for me I would be content taking this until the end of time, for the pros outweigh the cons, tenfold."
"Sertraline my experience well...it is amazing! Not going to lie it is hard work to go onto sertraline as it comes with bad side effects e.g headaches, insomnia sleeping to much, dry mouth, mouth ache, having the urge to shake my legs etc. but when it is fully in your system they go so hang in there! But I&#039;d rather be happy and put up with it. I have tried a lot of other medicines for my anxiety depression/panic attacks, which all left me with suicidal thoughts and actually made me feel worse but sertraline gives you strength and confidence and for the first time my happiness feels natural. My friend is also on it for anxiety and it has worked wonders for her."
"So, I had unprotected sex about a week ago, and we used the &quot;pullout&quot; method. He didn&#039;t ejaculate in me, but I was still nervous, so I went and bought Plan B about 4 hours later and took it. The only side effect I had was being very tied for about the next two days. I was extremely stressed for this past weekend, waiting for my period to come. It finally came today! It is great! Just relax, and don&#039;t stress, the pill will work if you give it some time."
"Week three on Qsymia. Lost 2 lbs this week. Not feeling great on this level, bad headaches and insomnia. I am having trouble sleeping at night, so stopped now."
"I started trulicity 3 weeks ago and have had no side effects at all a little nausea the first week but that is it my sugars always been double figures now they stay between the 4-7 mark i&#039;ve lost 11lbs and feel best I have in a long time I was afraid reading these reviews and put off taking this  two weeks after I collected it at the chemist I was that afraid lol my daughter talked me into giving it a go and Im so glad I did I have energy again and Im sleeping much better give it a go might just be what you need and everyone is different good luck!!"
"Doctor gave me this shot to see if it would work for me. I suffer from chronic constipation, and painful bowel movements often causing rectal and anal tearing. It took over 24 hours for it to work for me but it was well worth the wait. I never had such a massive NORMAL bowel movement in my life and I went two times! It was wonderful. Sorry for details but I can&#039;t have bowel motion unless I overdose on a tonne of laxatives. I am now getting a prescription for it and I can&#039;t wait."
"I was on this for almost 2 months. It did its job of preventing pregnancy and it also cleared up my skin, but it wasn&#039;t worth the side effects. I started getting anxiety attacks and debilitating depression. It got so bad that there were days I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed. Also my sex drive was nonexistent. I didn&#039;t want to be touched at all sometimes. All of the emotional issues and the low libido really took a toll on my relationship. When I thought this could be related to the pill, I went off. It hasn&#039;t even been a week and I feel so much better."
"My boyfriend has been on Antabuse for a few months now, and for the most part just the thought of drinking scared him. He takes this pill daily at the same time and now after witnessing one of the sickest people I&#039;ve ever seen due to one drink while taking this medicine, I&#039;m scared for him. He literally was bright red, his body was on fire and the sickness he felt was something he had never felt before and never wishes that he had drank. He was in massive pain. This drug works wonders, but under no circumstances, no matter how much stress you have in your life, DON&#039;T DRINK while on this medicine. You have absolute helplessness over the situation. There isn&#039;t an antidote."
"I was put on Lyrica by my anesthetist for post operative pain control following a revision of a Dupuy metal on metal hip.  Has certainly helped the pain in this and the other hip and reduced the muscle spasms I was experiencing.  However side effects have increased with use and I have severe visual disturbance, foggy mind and forgetfulness.  I was on 150mg 3 times a day and tried to stop.  Big mistake severe cold turkey with shaking nausea and panic attacks.  Now trying to come off slowly but really struggling with the side effects."
"This drug isn&#039;t for everyone. The side effects are completely crazy. I have been on it for almost 12 months now. It has provided relief from migraines by almost 95% of the time.  This has been a big deal for me. Side effects I&#039;ve experienced: hands and feet tingle periodically (some days are worse than others), hair loss started 3 months after taking it but began to cease 6 months later, definite brain fog (some days I feel like I&#039;m losing my mind), grogginess (I can only take my dose at night otherwise I&#039;m a zombie during the day), changes in vision, loss of appetite, fatigue, irritability.  At first I convinced myself the side effects were worth tolerating compared to having a migraine. But as time goes on, I&#039;m beginning to think im wrong"
"I had blown up from taking Lyrica..600mg daily for well over 2 years.. Weight went from 260 to 327, I had spinal injury. I told doctor I am tired of this weight and mostly all around my mid section and upper chest. He put me on topamax 25mg at bedtime for one week then up to 50mg at bedtime. OMG I lost so far 30 pounds in less than 3 months I went from 52 waist to 44  and still dropping fat like crazy. I just don&#039;t have desire to eat. All that food I was pigging out on..I totally stop drink pop it taste like metal, I am going to start walking around the block soon and exercise to really get back to my ideal weight of 235.  Wish me luck. I see folks complain of tingling in fingers. I had that but I took a BC powder with Gatorade it worked"
"I came off the drug two weeks ago but still feel ill. I&#039;m dragging myself around and feel confused, tired and full of aches and pains. I am normally a very fit person who loves to swim and walk. This drug needs to be banned if others can be used without the dreadful and long lasting side effects. I read I could now have liver damage."
"I cannot even begin to explain how much this medicine has helped me with my depression/anxiety! The only thing I regret is being stubborn and not take it 3 years earlier! "
"I had a 23 week gestational premature baby. I was on severe bed rest with an existing compressed disk. My L5 ripped/ruptured and leaks fluid. The surgery to get my daughter out was very invasive and they gave me a spinal tap in my C7/8. They hit a nerve big time. So I am in constant pain. My daughter is fine now. However, I too take pain medicine, which I prefer not to. Vicodin, Norco, Percocet, tramadol and now Gabapentin. Which really works! Very well. Helps the anxiety pain puts you through. Helps withdrawal from pain meds. At first it gets you loopy but your body begins to adapt. But its worth not being on a narcotic for years.

"
"I&#039;m 36yr old doctor. I had been on Paroxetine for past 8 yrs.weaned just 6 months back.I developed post subcapsular cataract last year. Operated both eyes with IOL. the morbidity it has  produced reflects in my day to day activities. I never heard of cataracts as a side effect by paroxetine until I developed one. only when I searched on net I could see few studies suggesting cataract as a side effect of some  SSRIs and Paroxetine is one among those.I had to wean it as I was afraid I might end up in more rare and serious side effects in long term, say for eg renal failure in another few yrs.But its a wonderful drug in controlling OCD. Soon I&#039;m about  to restart it or a new SSRI due to relapse. OCD makes me feel living blind is more easier than with OCD"
"This med helped me to go back to a stressful job after burnout.I am so grateful to have had this to deal with stress++++.I was able to function well.but not get panicked or be exhausted by the stressful
Work in a hospital..5mg per day was so helpful."
"Been using for 8 months on right big toenail and left and right smallest toenail.  Applying everyday faithfully, no results.  Pay $40 a month copay.  What a rip off.  Do not buy and do not waste your money.  Why are doctors prescribing this medication when it is not working for so many people?  Of course, they get money off this also.  So many desperate fools out there being exploited once again by the medical profession.  One doctor told me point blank--&quot;you will never get rid of this problem.&quot;  He was right.  DO NOT BUY JUBLIA!!!!"
"I have been taking Pristiq for about three weeks now and it&#039;s been fantastic! I just feel normal again. I feel like I am back to my old happy, friendly self. I no longer feel panicked when I am in a very social situation and I&#039;m not scared to try new things anymore. Overall I just feel very balanced. I can deal with stressful situations and get over them a lot more quickly. I don&#039;t dwell on them all day. I&#039;m also a lot less cranky."
"Stomach pains and bad taste. Drink plenty of water it helps the taste and stomach. I&#039;ve had different reactions with Biaxin. Don&#039;t drink caffeine and take it. It will keep you awake and don&#039;t lay down in bed for 1 hour after taking. This all seems to help keep stimulation down so you can sleep."
"The medication was easy to use and helped improved my mood slightly.  Changing medications was not hard either."
"I smoked for over 43 years &amp; have quit numerous times it took a cancer scare to convince me to get serious about quitting I visited the doctor to get a prescription for chantix,the nicotine patch I used both products. The patch was used for 60 days,and the pill for an additional 90 days so far I have been smoke free for the past 2 years yes I experienced some of those side effects but I worked through them. I thank the makers of chantix for my successful 2 years."
"I am on my second Mirena IUD.  I placed one in after my second child.  I had migraine level headaches when I was on the pill for the duration of my period. No matter what I took for the headache. Went to sleep with headache and awoke with same headache for 5 of my six day period.  This didn&#039;t say I didn&#039;t have cramps too.  My ObGyn suggested Mirena.  When it was placed, It was painful.  The rest of that day I had awful cramping.. brutal.. By the next morning... Nothing.  I had no pain.  I had mild cramps for two days-  After that no cramps, no headache, no period, no weight gain, nothing. It has been AWESOME for me both times.  So what you see in reviews comes to this.  Everybody is different... I say its worth the try.  Great!"
"Day 3 of Monodox: my acne is starting to clear up. I&#039;m on 75mg 1x a day. Sinus stuffiness/drainage, diahrrhea, muscle weakness, and a headache when I run too hard. I&#039;ve read really good things about this medicine, that&#039;s why I opted to fill my prescription. SUPER EXPENSIVE without insurance and a discount card my Dr gave me. Hope the side effects subside."
"I don&#039;t think it&#039;s the worst but it&#039;s not the best. I&#039;ve been on it for about 8 months now, but I think it&#039;s time to try something new.  I have had crazy mood swings, very little energy, despite my best efforts, unable to loose weight (it just keeps packing on and I use to not be able to gain weight even if I tried).  The worst part is the severe lowering of sex drive.  I&#039;ve been on it since my husband and I were married and I didn&#039;t even fully understand what I was missing until I missed it for a few days and it was like a huge burden lifted. I felt so much better."
"I have had Tourette&#039;s since I was nine years old.  I remember blinking non stop and knowing that something was wrong.  I am now 30 and have been on Risperdal, Haldol, and Orap.  The Orap is the only thing that works without any harsh side effects.  Mostly I have facial and vocal tics that get fairly severe under stress.  The Orap eliminates all but the most severe tics.  I am extremely thankful for Orap and how it has helped make my life a little more normal.  I also suffer from anxiety and OCD."
"Excellent treatment for high blood pressure. Been taking for over 15 years with excellent results."
"I have taken Claritin for a number of years now.  I have year round allergies and severe in season.  I only take this when needed  - I am not the take it as a preventative type.  My experience is that Claritin is effective if taken on an empty stomach and when my allergies are on the mild to moderate side.  If they are severe, it does not help."
"This drug not only did not help reduce any symptoms of my Crohn&#039;s Disease, but it also caused severe issues. Though I maintained a healthy diet &amp; stayed moderately active, I gained 15 pounds in a short amount of time on this drug. I also experienced hair loss. The most serious issue, however, is that I contracted multiple infections while on this drug. The first was a sinus infection that lasted more than two weeks. After this was over my doctor advised me to resume the Humira, and shortly afterwards, I ended up with severe sepsis that, according to several of the doctors in the hospital, probably would not have happened had I not been on Humira. I would never recommend this drug to anyone. It&#039;s not worth risking your life."
"I have been taking Contrave for 3 months. As of yesterday, I have lost 1 pounds.

I have never had a weight problem, but had to take large amounts of steroids during my chemo for brain cancer. I have not been able to lose any of the weight I have gained until I tried Contrave.

I have not experienced any side effects."
"When I first used Topamax it was for seizures but I had not been diagnosed with bipolar then it was thought to be depression. I lost 83 pounds but I stopped taking it because of the tingling in my hands and face, but after trying other medications years later I gained 123 pounds which I was devastated and plunged in a deep depression that I am still in after reading about again I know, I can live with the other things it seems minor to the darkness I have been living in I can&#039;t what to try it again after realizing its better than 99% of things I tried when I go to my appointment in two weeks. I&#039;m excited for the first time in a long time to try it again."
"My Dr. told me that my BP and Cholesterol were high. He prescribed Amlodipine Besylate 5mg and Statin.  I did a research on the drugs and found some horrible reviews. I put the drugs somewhere and started a lifestyle change through dieting and going to the gym.  After a week I did a BP check at a Pharmacy and my BP was very high so I went home, started the Amlodipine. I started feeling dizzy, had headaches, back pain and weak.  I stopped using it when a friend mentioned Moringa Bitters. I tried it for three days and went for BP check, I found out that my BP was  very high.  However, I noticed that all the symptoms associated with the Amlodipine stopped when I was taking the Moringa. I am confused though."
"I loved it the first couple of nights. Then nothing. Then worse than nothing I wake up feeling very anxious. I need to get up and move even though I am still exhausted. Will try a few nights without it. Also, it doesn&#039;t help me fall asleep. I still need something else for that."
"July 2016 was when I was diagnosed by my psychiatrist with anxiety and depression. So my psychiatrist prescribed me first with sertraline and clonazepam. But after a few weeks I quit using clonazepam but continued taking sertraline. Since the start of the year I was different, I was always serious, I&#039;m always frowning, I rarely talk not like the previous years in which I was obnoxious and energetic. But after a month of taking sertraline, it seems like I came back to that obnoxious me although I still have recurring episodes of depression, apathy and suicidal attempts. The depression was partly gone, my behavior somehow changed but unfortunately anxiety was still there actually never got any better. But I must say sertraline is effective."
"My first glass was a shocker kind of salty but after that it was it was okay.It did the job if you know what I mean."
"I have been using Levemir for seven years now and find it to be a very user friendly, but as commented above I have found that a steady increase in dosage is needed to keep the effectiveness of the medicine."
"Had endometrial ablation under Propofol sedation.  I do not remember anything about the procedure from when the anesthesiologist injected the Propofol until they woke me up after the procedure.  However, my doctor did say there were one or two times where I joined the conversation that my doctor, the anesthesiologist, and two nurses were having during the Thermachoice treatment.  I do not remember talking at all, but my doctor said I might do that, especially since I have a history of talking in my sleep.  Overall, I was very pleased with the Propofol sedation, and I had no side effects afterwards."
"Percocet does the job well. It kills the pain.  "
"Love it, Love it, Love it. I was on it 5 years ago and could tell within 2 days such a major change in my mood and motivation. I went off it it when I became pregnant with baby #1 - 5 years later I felt I needed it again, I didn&#039;t feel &quot;depressed&quot; but I knew I could feel better. I went back on Wellbutrin 150mg once a day and again by day 2 I was feeling amazing - totally can focus better and just love life again."
"While it does take time, this works. I&#039;ve even worn through the Summer with toenail polish. I just kept applying it making sure to get the cuticle and the top of the nail/under the top part."
"I started Lutera about 2 weeks ago, and the only side effects I have noticed is slight tenderness and swelling of my breasts (not really a problem) and occasional mood swings, (which are easy to control if your aware you are having mood swings). At first it was difficult remembering to take the pill, but I set an alarm on my cell to remind me. I set it for a time when I&#039;m usually awake, and not busy. The pill however like any other birth control will cause slight weight gain, so it&#039;s wise to cut back on the amount of calories you consume while on this pill. It does not stop your period either, well at least not for me. My menstrual periods are much shorter, and somewhat lighter, but still there. Also, I&#039;ve noticed occasional, slight cramping."
"I switched from the brand name Cymbalta to the generic version.  After 4 weeks I felt like it wasnt working.  My old symptoms were returning with a vengeance.  I did some research about how generics become approved. Apparently, how fast a drug is absorbed, the extent to which it is absorbed and then leaves the body is calculated and compared to the brand name.  Using this calculation, when the Generic Version falls within 80% to 125% of its Brand Name counterpart then it is considered a bioequivalent (meaning the Generic Version can be officially made-available as a cheaper alternative to the Brand Name version).  So, they are not identical but rather fall within a range of bioequivalent acceptance.  For me, the generic was not effective."
"My doctor put me on this because I&#039;m on pain meds for chronic stomach pain and he didn&#039;t want to mix benzos into that. It worked ok for the first few months but as of this week, I have been having narcoleptic episodes and night terrors. I will NOT be taking this ever again."
"I would be much happier if nausea wasn&#039;t a part of this. That&#039;s the one side effect that makes it hard to deal with."
"Have been taking this wonderful medication for several years first through a sponsored program by the manufacturer. The low sexual side effects are a big reason I like it. Life isn&#039;t life with out a functioning libido. I am now finding the same as one other reviewer, I have some anxieties, money, bills, money, car repairs, money, you get the idea, and I am hoping for an anxiety medication to accompany this medication. Any suggestions would be helpful. God I hate not sleeping for three days at a time and sweating profusely in the grocery store because I&#039;m anxious even about the money I have to spend on food. Is buspar a possible match for viibryd?"
"I took Adipex 2 years ago. I lost 15 pounds then gained it back plus some over this time. Now I am trying the phentermine 30 mg. I&#039;m on my 4th day plus I am taking chromium too. I have lost 5 pounds. The doctor told me to take 2 a day. I was skeptical. Don&#039;t really like taking 2 so I&#039;m going to cut back to one a day. Have to make myself eat. I have cut out caffeine and sweets. I am not a healthy eater so my main goal is portion control and not eating late at night which is a habit. I don&#039;t really like the side effects but when I took Adipex I was fine after the first week so I hope this is the same."
"Both my son and I took this on a diving trip and it worked great.  No side effects.  I have high blood pressure and had no effects that I could tell.  We took 1 the night before and 1 an hour before the boat left the dock."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and neuropathy. I was in horrible pain all I did was lay in bed and the spasms through my whole body were just horrific. The neurologist put me on 10 mg of baclofen to start, finally moving up to 20 mg a day. It brought my quality of life completely back.it took the neuropathy completely away and quite a bit of the pain from the fibromyalgia. When I got the prescription filled the first 90 day prescription of baclofen was made by a company called IVAX And as I stated worked very well. When I went in for a refill the pharmacy gave me baclofen made by LANNETT and it had a horrible side effects, I brought it back and they exchanged it for the original baclofen made by IVAX Since then I&#039;ve had no problems."
"12 months on Trintellix, 20mg. No side effects. Still mildly depressed, but functioning ok. I&#039;m 44 years old and have tried all the other SSRIs and NSRis and this has been the best so far. The others caused me much unhappiness with side-effects and brain fog and depersonalisation."
"I have had problems with constant bleeding for years, I have tried every birth control option, including pills, the shot, the patch, you name it I tried it. Nothing stopped the bleeding. Went to 6 different doctors looking for answers, no one could tell me why this was happening. I decided to get the implant put in a week ago. 24 hours after it was put in, the bleeding stopped. No cramps, no bleeding, no worrying about it. BEST birth control option for me."
"Being depression one of the most  misunderstood and stigmatized diseases of the world there&#039;s no wonder why suicide is already one of the leading causes of death worldwide.
I&#039;ve been struggling with this silent killer associated with panic attacks for so long that I actually thought no medicine would ever help me.
I was so dissappointed about antidepressants that I was already planning a painless way to suicide by the time my doc prescribed me Venlafaxine. The first two weeks seemed like I was on any other antidepressants that I&#039;ve had tried before (zoloft, imipramine, Paxil). Then, as a miracle: there was this day when I woke up from a (finally) great night of sleep, feeling myself really better, free of those continuous headaches and anxiety"
"My Asthma and Allergist, prescribed this for me when continued use of Flonase was giving me nose bleeds. I took it the next day and never have again. I could not get the taste out of my mouth for half an hour no matter I ate or drank to get it to go away. I have a bad cold right now and the Flonase isn&#039;t doing very well, I&#039;m considering trying the Astelin again but I don&#039;t know if the taste is worth it."
"Horrible DO NOT TAKE THIS. Took it at 7 woke up with nausea, cramps, and kidney pain. Had a teenie tiny bowel movement and am now wide awake. 
"
"I am an older adult in good health.  I originally had dizziness (possibly from a virus or sinus bug)  which caused nausea.  This medication took away both symptoms within 1-2 hours and I was able to carry on with my normal activities."
"The drop works pretty fast, however it makes my eyes feel tingly. That&#039;s as scientific of an explanation as I can come up with."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about a little over a year and a half, I have had a very good experience so far, I never got headaches, pain or any of those things. It cleared my skin pretty well but after a while it stopped but I never broke out crazily my breasts grew a little and I still PMS and get minor cramps but my period is still heavy but shorter by 4 days so I&#039;m not going to complain! I hope this birth control will continue to work for me just as well as the months go on."
"Trouble sleeping my whole life. I tried taking other medications with mild results. Belsomra works great for me! Downfall is the price but it is absolutely worth it if you are one of the people it works for effectively. The trouble waking up is the only thing I would change about this medication."
"I was prescribed this medication yesterday after struggling to sleep when my Ambien became ineffective.  When I took it, I waited 1.5 hours to feel sleepy and I didn&#039;t.  I then took a 2nd pill (30mg total).  After 3 hours time it still hadn&#039;t worked for me.  I was in bed, ready to sleep, no real distractions.  I finally had to take Ambien on top of it and then I felt a bit tired and struggled all night.  Not sure if this is a medication that takes time to work, but it didn&#039;t touch me at all."
"Implant = never again!, I&#039;m 23 years old I&#039;ve had the implant for about 2 months. I&#039;ve had a period everyday since getting it. I&#039;ve gained over half a stone, plus I&#039;m an emotional wreck. I go through 4 emotions a day, I have sleepless nights, feel drained and dizzy everyday. Been to the doctors today to be told I need it removing as my body is clearly rejecting it and that they don&#039;t won&#039;t me to get depressed. I was on the pill before but had the same issues ( bleeding everyday) I get my implant taken out on Monday then will be getting the 11 weekly injection. Please please please if you feel how I&#039;m feeling please seek medical attention. The implant isn&#039;t for everyone, do your research then go ahead and choose."
"Over 20 year sufferer covering a huge percentage of my body. This was the first medication to EVER clear it completely. I know it doesn&#039;t work for everybody. Truly a miracle drug and so thankful to have found it."
"Has not worked one bit still have day and night sweats occurring every hour"
"Took lo loestrin fe for 2 weeks, and immediately had to discontinue. Started with spotting during the second week, developed anxiety attacks and unnecessary fears, back pain, lo libido. After I stopped, it took a week for me to return to being functional. It&#039;s been about 6 weeks since I have stopped the pill and haven&#039;t gotten a period, and every few weeks symptoms of anxiety and unnecessary fears come back."
"Was given this for headaches and spent first three days sitting in the back of my closest crying.  I couldn&#039;t stand noise, more than normal, couldn&#039;t stand, light, couldn&#039;t stand anything touching me. Felt like my fingers and toes were on fire.  Would&#039;ve rather had the headaches.  I drank so much water trying desperately to flush this from my system and refuse to take the fourth dose.  Not the medicine for me."
"Excedrin Migraine is a tiny little gift from God. I&#039;m 28 and have been dealing with migraines my whole life. I just had a killer migraine about 30 minutes ago...one of those so bad that you feel nauseous, disoriented, and like your brain is swollen. I am feeling SO much better now and can continue with the rest of my day like normal. I truly think Excedrin Migraine works as good if not better than several onset migraine medications I&#039;ve tried in the past. I keep a bottle in my car, my purse, and my office desk because I never know when a migraine will strike. Thank you Excedrin for making my migraines more manageable!"
"So I had it inserted on the 6th day of my period. I think that&#039;s why I had issues with it. You&#039;re supposed to get it inserted earlier. Anyway, insertion didn&#039;t hurt but my arm was pretty sore after. My first period came on time and was the normal 7 days. I was used to 5 days because I was on the pill prior but still 7 wasn&#039;t terrible. The next month I didn&#039;t have a period I was super excited. I thought that meant I wouldn&#039;t have it from then on out. I was wrong. I got it monthly until about 5 months ago. It went from 7 days to 9 days. It got super heavy and unpredictable. I&#039;d have it for 9 days then get it again a week later. Then it started lasting 10-15 days. I was moody and crying. I had it taken out."
"I took this for the side effects from seroquel  This drug made me disoriented, confused, and forgetful. It also didn&#039;t help with my side effects."
"I have been in terrible lower back pain for over 2 years. After numerous MRI&#039;s and other tests and alot of different doctors, nothing showed up that should be causing that much pain. They did find a problem in my L1 disc but nothing major. I have a very high tolerence for pain and could barely function. All the different doctors put me on Vicodin 10/325 but it only worked for an hour. The doctors treated me as if I was a drug addict even my pain management doctor. After I took a so called routine drug test, my very next visit after she saw I passed my drug test she put me on Opana ER 20mg. Instantly my back pain was 90% gone. I don&#039;t feel high, just pain free. I forgot what that felt like. My pain level went from a 10 to a 3 instantly."
"Tried this for CS outbreak.  I&#039;ll keep it simple and to the point

Pros:
-Works a lot better than any OTC (throw that junk out waste of $)
-Cheap...compared to other drugs
-Fast acting ...even if caught later will still work
-Can stop/reduce symptoms
-Convenient vs any cream
-Side affects nothing like Famvir

Cons:
-Not as good as Famvir(holy grail to knockout cold sores)
-It appears you need to double the dose to really get an affect
-Maybe slight headache
-You need to take a lot, its not just 3 pills and done...
-no advancement in this drug and its been around for how long??  
-Did get a second outbreak while taking...but cleared up quick."
"I had been on Prozac for three years and gone through a lot of hard times. It helped when I was splitting from my ex, Lost a job, got into some legal trouble, lost my license, and had to move back home.  After getting back on my feet again and getting my license and a job I decided to ween off of it...bad idea..I became more and more stressed out and had very bad stomach issues that I never had before.  After about three months off 40mg a day I had a huge panic attack and days of not eating or sleeping.  I have since gone back on 20 mg and hope it starts to work soon. I should have never gone off this medication it saved my life once and I hope to have the same results again.  I was happy, able to take things much better and be myself."
"I am a different person when I&#039;m on this, and in a good way. It helps me keep stable. The first time I was on it, I got really sick and felt terrible. I tried it again on a lower dose and built my way up and now I&#039;m doing well on it!"
"I have tried many spasm medications since 2002 for major muscle spasms. I was in a car accident and now I&#039;m left with very bad uncontrollable spasms. This is the only one that worked, but after 6 years of taking it, it doesn&#039;t work anymore but for short term usage of this medication it works very well."
"I am 21 and Since I first received the shot in January, I have been bleeding ever since. Sometimes light, sometimes like an actual period, with cramps and migraines.
Also, this medicine has completely jacked up my hormones. I am angry ALL the time, ALWAYS sad. I cry everyday, over the smallest issues, or for no reason. I am happy, and in a split second I will feel very low or even have suicidal thoughts. I experience extreme mood swings and flip out on my boyfriend- coupled with less sex from the bleeding. It&#039;s very frustrating. I am hoping that this is just my body still adjusting to the medicine. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain or acne though( knock on wood)."
"I am a paraplegic due to a gunshot to my spine incurred in VietNam. I had taken Macrodantin for over forty years and it helped to greatly curb my infections due to the need for intermittent catheritization three times daily. It caused side effects as I got older. I hadn&#039;t realized that this medicine was causing me to be continuously dizzy and generally unwell. I have since stopped taking it."
"Amazing! Perfect!"
"I have battled hyperhidrosis for 6 years, trying everything from loofas, SweatBlock, Certain Dri, even putting cinnamon on my underarms, all to an avail. Then, last week I was at the doctors and I decided to mention my sweating problem. She prescribed Hypercare and told me that it has worked for all of her patients. Yeah, I&#039;d heard that one before. Skeptically, I went home and followed the directions to the t. I did experience severe itching and burning (I&#039;m not going to lie, it was intense and kind of felt like someone was holding a blow torch to my pits,) but it was all worth it the next day when there wasn&#039;t a drop of sweat on my grey shirt! Please give Hypercare a try, it has truly changed my life!"
"They say in the packet that there may be some spotting but I&#039;ve had my period for over 6 months on Implanon."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 4 months. The first 2 weeks I got really sick, sweat a lot, could not eat, it was REALLY bad but I think it was just my body getting used to it. (This is my first birth control) But after the 2nd week it was great. Lighter/shorter periods and could possibly be the reason why my acne has cleared. Sex drive went down, weight didn&#039;t change, no breast enlargement, harder to get and stay wet.  I&#039;ve fought with my boyfriend a lot and he blames it on the pill, but my family and friends haven&#039;t noticed any moodiness so I think it&#039;s just him blaming it on the pill. Overall, it&#039;s a good BIRTH CONTROL pill. "
"It was amazing. I&#039;ve had a large, full body, break out of psoriasis for about month now. This was due to the fact that 4 previous physicians could not figure out what it was. I went to a dermatologist, he gave me triamcinolone and it made my skin look so much better in a matter of days."
"Horrible experince i was prescribed azithromycin for an &quot;ear infection&quot; when i took the first dose i was fine until 2hours later i started to experince fatigue headache rapid hear beat and by the second day im now experinceing ringing in both ears this is horrible does anybody experience that in ther ears? If so in how long did it go away? Im so scare to go deaf "
"Today was my first day on Viberzi. I was prescribed two 100mg pills a day. So far it has been okay. I decided to be risky and really test it and have an iced coffee and Taco Bell. Usually I would be headed straight to the bathroom before I even finished my meal. Instead, I had all of the feelings (rumbling, little gas, bloating, little tightness in my stomach area) but did not make a bowel movement. Props to that. I don&#039;t know if this means I&#039;ll be stopped up for a couple days like other users have said. I guess it&#039;s better than using the bathroom every 10 minutes. My only problem is I smoked some hookah and it really messed with me. I felt completely drunk/high, but that&#039;s my fault for doing that."
"Sometimes you feel extra weird and jittery and sometimes you feel super super comfident like me right now"
"I have taken this medicine for over a year it sure helps with the pain!"
"I was sick for a day before I went in and was prescribed zofran. It gave me instant relief to the nausea and vomiting. I was also lucky enough to not get any side effects."
"I have been on it for 7 months now. During my first pack I had a lot of breakthrough bleeding but it went away by my 2nd month. The main thing I like is my moods are more stable and overall better. And no PMS! However, I must say my sex drive has decreased a ton. It does have its pros and cons."
"Lyrica gave me back enough life to work part time again. Tried many other medicines to treat my Fibromyalgia symptoms and few had much positive effect. However, found that Tramadol works for the muscle pain, and Lyrica allows me the strength and energy to move once the pain is managed. Trazodone helps with the quality sleep issue."
"I&#039;ve been on Symbicort for 5 months - I was originally diagnosed with COPD, I was on Advair for 4 yrs and had bad side effects. I was angry and depressed. Advair made my chest feel heavy. I switched to Spiriva it did not help, took ventolin 6 x a day. I wen&#039;t on Foradil but would wake up wheezing every night and felt the worst I have ever felt. Finally had asthma testing and prescribed Symbicort 2 inhalations twice a day. I&#039;ve never felt better. It has literally changed my life! I am having ringing in the ears but I&#039;ll take that over not being able to breath any day!"
"This drug made me crazy. Horrible mood swings, leg aches, crying spells, insomnia. Yikes!"
"I&#039;m on week 3. I used to be on the xulane patch but at my 6 month pp appointment and after using the patch for a couple weeks I had a terrible skin reaction.. (which was weird cuz I used it for almost 9 yrs with no issue) switched to this pill, take it every night at 8:30 pm when kids are in bed. -im 25 btw. 
So far, BAD cystic acne on my chin, around mouth, forehead. It&#039;s so embarrassing I don&#039;t even want to check the mail. 
Headaches, bloated and huge. Reduced sex drive, 14 day period. Bad cramps with period and I&#039;m 5 days off it and still cramping bad with some back pain. :/ I am constantly hungry, and I always want to cry or get easily emotional. I hate it! I&#039;m considering getting off it. Idk what I&#039;m Ganna do but I&#039;ll figure it out."
"Hi guys so on September 18(last day of my period) I had sex with my boyfriend, the condom got stucked in me and he already ejaculated.He didn&#039;t know until he asked me where the condom was. I freaked out. I found it inside me, took it out and then decided to useplan b. Because from what I know, sperms can live up to 5 days and September 23rd was supposed to be my ovulation day. I took plan b 40mins later and after that I starting having headache,cramps but still I was stressed out. September 25th (my bday actually )before going to school I had cramps, I took Advil because it was too much. Next thing u know I got my period again (twice in a month). I feel relieved now and it actually worked for me .So girls just used it at the right time."
"I was prescribed this medication for ten days after two recent bouts with a sinus infection that never seemed to clear. This did the trick. I was thirsty and somewhat restless but had none of the major possible side effects that the doctor warned me about."
"I took Pepcid and Pepcid AC for years but like all Gas pills One pill could make me my stools solid &quot;constipation&quot; like for a couple of days."
"I have neurological Lyme Disease and I currently take 20 mg a night. I also take Panadeine forte for breakthrough pain,  Without the medication I wouldn&#039;t be able to work.  It helps me sleep also which is a huge bonus.  I was reluctant to take it at first because of my experience of being told the illness was in my head.  A good caring doctor convinced me of its efficacy.  I would recommend it as a first port of call. "
"In England my mother took me to the doctor and being a nurse herself knew I had ADHD.  The doctors wanted to put me on Ritalin but my mother said no, I would grow out of it eventually. In the US my attention from high school through college became worse, and I got into a lot of trouble. My grades were horrible in high school through college, even work. I had to take classes two to three times over again. The only way I would remember daily things was to write it down.  Now at 41, I got help, and I am able to focus, complete tasks, remember without asking ten times, and sit still.  It&#039;s never too late for help.  Just wish I would of done this 35 years ago. My anger has subsided also with no side effects."
"It&#039;s wonderful not to feel so much pain anymore (I have spine damaged nerves) "
"Since most of the reviews are from gals who have just recently gotten their paragard, I thought I&#039;d post about my experience since I&#039;ve had mine for 3 years. Everything has been relatively good with my paragard up until recently. I became a vegan last July, so I haven&#039;t been getting very much iron or zinc in my diet. Recently I&#039;ve experienced  some pretty dramatic hair loss. After I shower I have a palm sized ball of hair left in the shower. My hair is falling out in chunks! I am 31 years old with no health issues. I have never had any issues like this in my life nor is this hereditary. I started researching copper toxicity and anemia as two possible reasons and will start supplementing! I may no longer need bc if I end up bald! LOL"
"Had terrible ringing in the head 4 months. Worst everyday. Took meds first night couldn&#039;t sleep much.  Then I wake up and barely hear the Bell. Now after 2 days Nearly quiet.  thank God"
"So far, so good despite being sceptical.I have tried many things over years to loose weight. My Dr recommended this might help for ongoing chronic back pain and said loosing 10-15kgs might make the world of difference.I have a great fear of needles but they really don&#039;t hurt. Some stinging - rubbing injection site just with fingers afterward helps.  Gaviscon helped with the burping. Coloxal for constipation. I haven&#039;t changed my diet but can&#039;t eat as much, don&#039;t feel like alcohol and so far have lost 2kg in 2.5 weeks.  I&#039;ve never been able to get under 80kgs so the next few weeks will tell.  So far so good. I&#039;ll keep you updated. A bit tired but supplements help. I would recommend giving this a go. Sign up through the trial prog."
"It&#039;s very effective  and last longer then most benzo but alprazolam is stronger!"
"Most of the negative reviews on this pill didn&#039;t give it enough time to get used to. You have to remember that you&#039;re causing a disruption in your bodies hormonal cycle, and that&#039;s going to cause slight discomfort on any pill. ALSO birth control pills are different for everyone. Bad reviews doesn&#039;t mean that this pill won&#039;t be a perfect match for you. The first three months of this birth control were a little rough, mood swings and heavy periods. BUT by the fourth month I stopped having periods altogether. I now haven&#039;t had a period for almost a year and experience no complications. My sex drive is normal , and I have gained no weight."
"I&#039;ve been taking ondansetron ODT 8mg tabs for about 2 days due to nausea caused by a kidney infection. When I take the tablet it doesn&#039;t help and makes me more nauseous than I was before. I just took it a half hour ago to be sure, and I immediately became more nauseous. So I&#039;m pretty sure it just doesn&#039;t work for me, and I&#039;m wondering if anyone else has this problem?"
"Excellent product."
"I have been using Duloxetine for  couple months for Fibromyalgia.  I didn&#039;t have any initial side effects.  It has helped me enormously with the muscle pain and spasms. The downside is it has lowered my libido,  I&#039;m fatigued and have weight gain. As I am also menopausal it&#039;s a bit hard to tell what is causing some of the side effects.  The lowering of the libido is definitely a side effect of duloxetine. Not sure if I will continue on this medication."
"I told myself that if plan b worked for me id write a Re view so here i am. I took plan b on on Oct 13 after an incident and took one more pill the next day after that im not sure why i did that I just thought it would work better i guess... i had light bleeding a week after for like 3 days i got so happy thinking it was my period...But it wasnt it was just a breakthrough bleeding. I have been sick for 4 weeks after taking this pill and i was convinced i was pregnant i have had sore boobs for all those 4 weeks and have been feeling naseous every single day..and since its been 4 weeks i was sure i was pregnant..i also felt dizzy at times and very out of it..today 4 weeks after i started my period..so happy"
"One month after injection date I am experiencing the most painful period ever.  I can&#039;t leave the bathroom for fear I will bleed threw everything.  I am changing my tampon ever hour (or less).  I have been taking muscle relaxers to try and ease my pain,  but they don&#039;t do much.  
I have never had a menstrual cycle  like this. Usually the first day is heavy but then isn&#039;t so bad.  On the depo  shot I have been bleeding for several days.  I am making an appointment with another gynecologist on Monday to see if there is anything I can do.  
I am so upset that the doctor didn&#039;t warn me about the side effects before giving this to me.  
There is also acne, weight gain and sever cramps (with out my period)  that I had to deal with the first month"
"I had Mirena inserted two weeks ago as a treatment for endometrial hyperplasia.  I am 40 years old and never had a child.  After reading about the painful insertions online, I was nervous about insertion.  I took Tylenol an hour before my appointment and tried to relax during insertion.  I had only mild cramping during the insertion.  The nurse practitioner had me cough when she inserted the tube into my cervix, which I think helped lessen the pain.  In fact, when she told me she was done, I was surprised.  I was near the end of my period the day I had it inserted.  I bled for the next two days, and have been fine since except for some mild spotting today."
"To be fair to the Butrans patch, I didn&#039;t give it a long trial run.  I had to take it off in less than 24 hours because the side effects were so severe.  Previously I had taken Percocet as needed, but because of the good reviews, I decided to try the Butrans patch.  It was a really bad idea.  The patch put me into a terrible withdrawal from Percocet only hours after applying it.  I had severe akathisia (restless body), stomach pain, diarrhea, and I even started seeing things &amp; hearing conversations in my head.  It also made my pupils huge, so anyone who saw me must&#039;ve known that I was high.  It was so embarrassing!  I couldn&#039;t get that patch off fast enough.  I&#039;d rather live with the pain from my spinal fusions, than ever try Butrans again."
"*WARNING* I Decided to try this medication for treating pigmentation. Unfortunately I have haven&#039;t been on the course long enough to see the improvement.  But have experienced side effects, of extreme tiredness, foggy-ness, light headedness, depression along with a swollen lip and hyper sensitivity of my thyroid etc.... and its only been 10 days of use. I am putting this out there that people need to be extra cautious with this drug. For me personally I don&#039;t think its worth the effect it brings onto your body, Along with other horror stories I have read In the reviews, I won&#039;t be taking this drug lightly. 
"
"I have PCOS and hypothyroidism so losing weight is difficult for me. My Doctor prescribed Contrave 3 months ago. At first, the side effects were very difficult. I was nauseated and I felt really dizzy. At first, I didn&#039;t lose that much weight with it either; however, after about 2 weeks started losing weight and am currently down 25 pounds. I was very lucky as my prescription drug insurance changed at the beginning of this year and the new plan covers it with only a copay of $80 for a 3-months supply. I am thrilled with that. I have had constipation, but nothing that I cannot handle.  I would suggest this drug if you have metabolic diseases. For me, the cravings disappeared, but I feel my body is burning more calories in the process."
"I&#039;ve been on Levora for three years to help with my endometriosis. I&#039;ve gained weight but most women do while taking any type of birth control. I used to have really bad acne now I only really breakout during my period, also my period is lighter and shorter. Every woman is different and our bodies aren&#039;t going to be the same as another woman talking the same birth control."
"I loved this. I&#039;d didn&#039;t burn my skin or make it red and peel like some people said and it has really helped me a lot! I use it with another topical cream my doctor prescribe for me also its called Aczone and I use that in the morning and Epiduo at night. I first cleanse my skin with Cetaphil and it has really helped because it is a gentle cleanser! Anyway my acne is gone except for when I forget to use the creams for a couple days I tend to start to get acne, so do not forget to use the cream."
"Wellbutrin was prescribed to augment Zoloft.  It made an improvement for me."
"I had Mirena put in about 6 months ago. I am 20 and have never had kids. The reason why I chose Mirena was basically because I could never remember to take the pill. I have had no weight gain or mood changes. When it was inserted it was pretty painful but it only took a few seconds. I spotted slightly for the first few weeks and had some pretty intense lower abdominal cramping if I wore tight pants that would only last for a few seconds. But after about a month, everything was back to normal. The benefits of Mirena totally outweigh the discomfort in the beginning."
"Makes me nauseated"
"I was taking this pill for several years and had a good experience with it. My periods were only for 3 days, if that. Sometimes, I hardly bled. My Dr. prescribed this to me because I had irregular menstrual cycles. While I was on the medication, my acne improved, I hardly had any breakouts, I barely experienced cramps, and I had a shortened period. It worked very well for me but apparently, they&#039;ve discontinued this product. Minastrin 24 FE is apparently the bio-equivalent. I have yet to try that product or any new pills."
"I actually just started using this product and in using it right now and my armpits burn so bad I could cry. They&#039;re also itching like crazy! But, I really don&#039;t wanna be a sweat bucket at school ! So ?"
"I was taking 300mg of Clindamycin 4 times a day for 7 days for a gum infection, after a day started having extremely loud intestinal rumbling, passing loud, long gas and severe diarrhea.  I cannot even pass gas without having to go to the bathroom and wipe myself or even urinate without having some diarrhea. Rectal/anal area is raw and painful from the diarrhea, my skin is itchy and have this weird taste in my mouth.  I&#039;ve now finished the clindamycin and 4 days later, I still have the gas and loose stools. Can&#039;t wait until it&#039;s all over. It did work on my gum infection but the infection was nothing compared to the treatment."
"I am 25 years old 5ft 9in and weighed 262lbs when I started Tenuate. I have been on it for 2 weeks now. I have not weighed yet but I have to make myself eat at first I was counting calories but couldn&#039;t eat more than 900 calories a day and that was eating 5 times a day so I just eat a little here and there. I have only experienced dry mouth. I am very hopeful I need rid of this weight maybe Tenuate will do it."
"I&#039;ve been taking effexor XR for almost a year now! I suffered from post partum depression! I&#039;m about to be 28 and had only taken an anti depressant back when I was 16 for less than a year. Negatives when starting effexor for me were insomnia and loss of appetite ! My doc prescribed me a low dose sleep aid and after 4 months of taking effexor I no longer needed the sleep aide! I&#039;m currently on 75MGs and I&#039;m productive, happy most days, and no more panic attacks that are unmanageable. I even gained my weight back !! This medication isn&#039;t for everyone but it worked for me! Negatives I still experience every now and then are rapid heart beat, hard to concentrate on one thing, and sometimes too much energy but can be levelled out with exercise!"
"I am 63 and this was my first colonoscopy!  I followed all of the instructions and read a lot of the reviews on here so that I could be prepared.  The first dose went down pretty well and I didn&#039;t have any trouble drinking the water.  Everything kicked in by 30 minutes and within 2 hours I was pretty cleaned out. In the morning I prepared to take the 2nd dose and thought it was going to be a breeze.  I started drinking the mixture and immediately realized this was not going to be as easy.  I got about 1/2 down when it kicked in again. I struggled to finish the entire dose and was able to get most of the water down before I experienced projectile vomiting. Luckily I was cleaned out enough and the procedure went great."
"I am trying to get off benzoids after taking clonazepam for over 36 years. I am having extreme difficulties. (extreme to the point of life-threatening)
I am using a shorter (effective) half life than the 30 to 40 hours  for clonazepam. I&#039;m over the DTs but life is now truly hell.
.
Frankly, I&#039;m going through a quasi-living hell. My desire to stop clonazepam stems from a desire to cut down the &#039;zombie&#039; feeling all day,and sleeping the clock around.  It&#039;s been 20 days now and I&#039;m not really sure I&#039;m going to make it. I would advise any one thing if clonazepam (or any other benzoid) 
is considered: DON&#039;T EVEN START! You&#039;ll regret it. It has destroyed my life."
"I&#039;ve been on this drug 3 days, I see most say it makes you nauseated, well the first two days I took it after eating breakfast, I had no problems, just seemed hungrier than usual. Well on the third day I decided to take it before eating, and the nausea is overwhelming! So I think the drug should be taken with food. or minutes after eating. So far I&#039;m not eating on the 3rd day because I&#039;m too nauseated!"
"I finally agreed to a long acting medicine to supplement my oxycodone. To make a long story short, on the 3rd day of wearing the 25mcg patch, I woke up with the most debilitating migraine I&#039;ve ever experienced in my life. I called the doctor to notify him that I&#039;d be discontinuing the medication. I didn&#039;t notice any significant change in my pain over the 3 days, and I&#039;m too terrified of experiencing another migraine like that! (Jealous of all those that had great outcomes from using this medicine!)"
"I had my Mirena inserted one year ago. It was great at first because it really does make your period a lot lighter when you typically suffer from dysmenorrhea, which I do. However, in the last three months I have gained 15 pounds, but the weight is really just around my midsection. My breasts have swollen such that I have gone up two bra sizes (which, contrary to what one may think, is not a good thing). And worse still, morning sickness. I thought I might be pregnant, but the home tests say I am not. I have just made an appointment to have it removed because unfortunately the side effects are now affecting me on a daily basis."
"Bought this for my wife.  We read the reviews AFTER applying . . . Oh boy.  Her vag caught fire withing about 20 minutes.  I would like to shove this up the persons anus who approved this dosage and let them take it for a ride. We had to arrange the covers so it covered our whole body, but allowed her butt to hang out while cold air was being blown on it from the window.  Meanwhile, I am shuttling ice up and down the stairwell for her to apply trying to figure out just what the hell I have gotten myself into."
"I&#039;ve had it for almost 2 years and have not became pregnant...so yes, it is effective..at a cost. My sex drive is gone and it&#039;s making my life horrible! My moods are  ridiculous. I have depression, anxiety irrability. Patience...what patience?! My weight is up and down I feel bloated. I get pregnancy symptoms; cravings. Really bad headaches and abdominal pain. I thought it would eventually subside but NOPE! Less than a week until removal...so so happy!"
"I had PMDD extremely bad every month for at least 2- 3 weeks out of the month. Since I&#039;ve been taking Beyaz I have no more symptoms of PMDD. My periods were irregular now they are on time every month. I am so happy with this birth control. I would recommend it to anyone. Especially if you have PMDD."
"Jolessa is my favorite birth control so far.  I have tried many, including Yasmin, Depo-Provera, the patch, NuvaRing, and Beyaz.  None of these helped my acne and a few had horrible breakthrough bleeding. However, since I&#039;ve been on Jolessa, I haven&#039;t experienced any negative side effects, and surprisingly my breakouts are few and far between.  When I do breakout, it&#039;s usually one pimple at a time, and heals much faster than before.  No weight gain or increased appetite and my sex drive is thriving.  No breakthrough bleeding what-so-ever.  Love it."
"It works great for Restless Legs Syndrome. I can finally sleep at night. I&#039;m 41 and the first time I experienced RLS, I was 8. I could just do without the side effects. I&#039;m on 2mg and I think if it was upped, my side effects would worsen. I feel sick to my stomach. I vomit at times. I&#039;ve had hallucinations. It makes me feel like my blood sugar is dropping, but it&#039;s not. Just makes my body not feel right. Thinking about finding something else without these side effects."
"I want to qualify my comments by disclosing I have only been on Contrave for a week. My intention is to comment periodically as I am on the med longer.

I was very nervous about starting Contrave given what I had read about the side effects. I don%u2019t take meds very often, and I didn&#039;t like the idea of going on a recurring and long term pill. That being said, the first week on Contrave has been incredible. I will say I was food obsessed before. Thoughts of food ran through my head throughout the day, and the idea of eating was always there.

I had no idea how much mental energy I had been spending pushing those thoughts aside. Now, with Contrave, my head is clear. I no longer sit at my desk and watch the clock, waiting until it%u2019s a reasonable time to eat, or force myself to push on another hour before ultimately giving in and getting a snack.

When I do eat %u2013 and yes, I still very much enjoy the taste of food %u2013 I don%u2019t feel that same sense of urgency and elation I use to. Those feelings would often trigger binge eating.

I look forward to seeing what my future with Contrave holds, and more importantly, I am hopeful.

Again, for full disclosure%u2026 I did have mild nausea the first day I took the pill, but it was short lived, and has not recurred in subsequent days."
"I took two doses of Saxenda. The first day was great! By the 2nd day I was so sick I couldn&#039;t move. I threw up for 20 straight hours. I thought I was dying. I was really hoping this would work for me but after that experience I am very apprehensive to take it again. I did lose 5lbs vomiting. :("
"I been on sesonique for 3 month. I had been spotting every day since I started using it and I had a full blown period 2 weeks after starting using it. I love the fact I only get your period every 3 month but  the spotting is not much better.  I notice that I am get really angry sometimes for no reason and I feel sad and depressed. It also made me gain 15 lbs which its making me a bit stress out. I talk to my Dr. And she said since I&#039;m just started this med my body had to get use to it. I&#039;m think I&#039;m going to wait 3 more months to c how my body adjusts to it. Also I take my pill at the same time everyday on the dot. so my spotting it&#039;s not cause by missing doses or taking it at different times"
"Hi, everyone I got the nexplanon last September in 2014 and after 8/9 months of constant bleeding even after the doctor prescribed estradiol to stop the bleeding which on last 2 weeks if that. I just had it removed yesterday August 4, 2015 because of the constant period and 13 lbs I gained that no matter how hard I worked out, ate less calories, no bread whatever and the weight wasn&#039;t coming off. I&#039;m so happy it&#039;s out. Back to good old pills."
"I have a very high tolerance for a lot of pain medications due to pain issues. Your body always needs more and more to produce the same effect until almost nothing works. 

Fortunately, this type of medication doesn&#039;t affect me that way. Although I guess it is mainly used for depression. It has worked like a charm for me to get my body to sleep much longer. And I have never had to increase the dose. The only drawback for me with this medication is that when I do wake up I am pretty groggy for about 45 minutes."
"I got pregnant on the pill so I do not recommend unless you wanna get knocked up. Lol"
"I am a 29 year old female and I have never taken a drug in my life prior to being prescribed 25mg of Sertraline (Zoloft). I was diagnosed with anxiety and panic attack. One of my panic attacks happened while I was driving to work and I was just scared to death to drive ever since for almost 6 months. I did a lot of research prior to making this drug. I was horrified of side affects and getting addicted to the drug.  Long story short, I have been on this medicine for two months now and it has completely changed my life. I can drive now without fear and I feel great again :). This drug has completely changed my life. 
You do not have to be on it forever. Please, talk to your doctor and give this medicine a try.
Take care!"
"My worst nightmare started with uncontrollable sneezing in the evening which later developed into severe throat pain and musculoskeletal pain with temperatures shooting up to 103.  The physician (whom I consulted in the absence of my family physician) prescribed cefixime and Azithromycin (200 500) combination twice a day, but the progress was very slow with the temp remaining high at 103.  Fortunately, my physician returned and I consulted again and was prescribed Augmentin 625 twice a day for 3 days.  Within a day, I found excellent improvement and the second day the strep pharyngitis completely subsided."
"I started April 1st. Had my weigh in today and down 18 pounds.had nausea here and there but nothing bad.start weight 204 today 186"
"I&#039;ve been taking a HCTZ in combination with blood pressure medication. So far it has worked well for water and salt retention. My blood pressure has come down from its highest point of 220/120 which is insanely high, its now at 140/80. Only complaint like the other users is constant urination at night. During the day it&#039;s not noticeable but right before sleep I&#039;ll go about 2 to 3 times."
"I had unprotected sex on the last day of ovulation and my boyfriend told me the next morning that he didn&#039;t pull out so about approximately 12 to 14 hours later I went to CVS and got a Plan B  and took it, the first week I didn&#039;t have much side effects but the second week before my period I had really bad cramps  I finally got my period four days ago, a day earlier  and I honestly wouldn&#039;t ever do this again and I have definitely learned my lesson, condoms &amp; birth control ladies, be safe.."
"Hopefully I ve found Desoxyn and my Doctor started directly with high doses of 70 mg a day, my ADHD is totally gone, no more depression, I totally stopped smoking, I can have sex again, no more stress, no more turning around and around in a room, no more shaking my legs all day long, I can finally concentrate on  a task that I enjoy, I&#039;m able to finally organise my  life, I clean my flat and I can work, no more brain hyperactivity. I&#039;ve  also  tried before Ritalin, Dexedrine, Aderrall and Vyvanse, none helped me  my ADHD disorder.  Finally I know actually that I can live a happy Life, thats possible with DESOXYN70MG/DAY"
"I have frequent urinary tract infections and I&#039;ve taken this many times but hadn&#039;t in five or so years because my urinary tract infection became resistant to it. Now since I&#039;m taking it again its given me the jitters and acid reflux but those are still better that cystitis. "
"I had the Paragard inserted after my son was born in 2011. For 5 and a half years I loved it and recommended it to all my friends. I liked the reliability of the IUD as a non-hormonal birth control option.... until I got pregnant. Shock of my life! I had the IUD removed yesterday and am waiting to see what happens with the pregnancy."
"I have been on Ranbaxy generic Plaquenil for 11 months now. I don&#039;t think think it helps me very much, but I continue to take it because I am not experiencing any side effects. My condition is not well-controlled with this drug alone and I will soon start an additional DMARD after recently finding out I am intolerant of MTX. My battle with Sjogren&#039;s has been so much more than glandular issues. It has attacked my biliary system, causing me to lose my gall bladder and have complex issues with the pyloric valve, lower esophageal sphincter and sphincter of oddi. This causes a variety of symptoms such as bile and acid reflux, bile salt diarrhea,  nausea, vomiting up bile and right upper quadrant abdominal pain. I have signs of kidney disease too"
"I stated on Fluvoxamine 5 years ago. Then when fluvoxamine 100 mg extended release came out I switched to it.
I&#039;ve been experiencing sporadic low grade fevers, intestinal cramping, diarrhea and red eyes.
I&#039;ve been through years of testing and finally came up with an answer Fluvoxamine.  This medication interacts with many other medications and can cause serious and fatal side effects.  This medication is extremely hard to wean off of. 
It helped my depression initially but now has caused me more depression."
"I like the convenience of it being a pill.  The other medications I&#039;ve taken for ME have been injections.  Problems I&#039;m having are thinning hair &amp; hair loss."
"Finally some relief! I suffer from neck/shoulder pain due to a horrific auto accident years ago where my head hit the steering wheel so hard it bent it. I also suffer terribly from Fibromyalgia &amp; arthritis. I have tried Vicodin, Norco, Lortab, Tramadol, Oxycodone etc. as well as Lidoderm patch with absolutely no relief. Morphine worked well but I didn&#039;t like the side effects. My doctor suggested the Flector patch and altho I had little hope -- THEY WORKED!!  They don&#039;t take the pain away completely but do take it down to a manageable level (ie, from 8/9 to 4/5). My only complaint is that I can only wear 2 patches maximum and wish I could put a patch on every pain site. They are amazing!!"
"I started taking 10mg .. and have been on it for 3 months.. Other than the being sick to my stomach..was the only side effect I had. I then started taking it at night so that I could sleep through it and it worked.. The crying and no motivation, isolating myself.. and just letting the world go by, fits of anger and yelling stopped..( my son was happy with that),,, Sadly I lost my insurance and cannot afford to pay the 300 plus a month for this medicine. And have been off it for 2 weeks now.. I am right back at square one.. With crying, and all that goes along with it... Some days I feel like I just want to give up."
"This is my second time around on Mirena. First time, I loved it. Had it taken out after 5 years and only took me weeks to get pregnant. The second time around, I am about 7 weeks into it and I am still bleeding. Heavy and light bleeding. Other than that, so far so good."
"This medication is the worst thing that ever happened to me. My pharmacy switched me over from Sprintec because they said it&#039;s the generic version with the same formula, that might be true on the label but 
 it seems to react like it is completely different. I&#039;ve never felt so sick off from a medication before, I have nausea every single morning I wake up and every other morning I will vomit. Sex drive is non-existent, (because I never feel good) acne weirdly increased when I switched? But that may just be due to lifestyle choices, not sure. All in all, this is the worst rubbish I&#039;ve ever put into my body, if I could give it a zero I would."
"I&#039;ve tried everything. Lithium is only medicine that works."
"I was prescribed this med for mild UC. I discussed concerns with my doctor on starting a medication while nursing and without trying natural approach to curing the symptoms first. He share some patience had success using turmeric supplement to address inflammation of the sigmoid colon (lower intestine and bowel). After 2 weeks on the Turmeric  my symptoms of urgency, cramping and excessive frequency to &#039;go&#039; subsided. After 3 weeks, I&#039;ve been having normal bowel movements and no cramping. I am happy with the progress I&#039;ve made on this natural remedy."
"I&#039;ve been taking contrave for 2 weeks and 3 days. Every since I started I get bad stomach cramps after I eat. It doesn&#039;t matter if it&#039;s a well proportioned healthy nutritious meal or a unhealthy meal it happens after every meal. I feel nauseous a little still and in the beginning I felt nauseous more frequently! I feel energetic, sometimes tired but that depends on my amount of sleep. For the most part I feel energetic. Since I started taking this pill I don&#039;t ever feel hungry I have to remind myself to eat every 2-3 hours or I will only eat once a day which is terrible. So all in all the side effects are not worth it. This will be my last day because the stomach cramps have become a inconvenience and make me miserable after eating."
"I&#039;ve had neck pain, stiffness and tightness for over almost 3 years.  After visiting primary care physicians, orthopedics, orthopedic surgeons, pain clinics, neurologists and neuro-surgeons and have been on all kinds of medications and have had an MRI, Neck X-Rays, etc. and I finally decided to visit a Spine Specialist and WOW, I should have visited her first.  She put me on Meloxicam which I have been for two weeks and can feel a major difference.  I have not had to take pain pills, nsaids, heat/cold therapy, tens machine, etc. because this medication is working like a miracle, I am thrilled with the way I feel.  For the first time in almost 3 years I can move my neck around without cringing with pain, tightness and stiffness.  KUDOS!"
"Was using HumiraPen for a few years. At first I was thrilled because it cleared up the psoriasis almost overnight.  Made everything else more bearable within reason except for Lupus and Fibromyalgia. But ... in 12/08 I had a small boil that was handled as needed.  One week later I was found unconscious and in septic shock. That boil blew a 4 inch hole in my side. Hospital records talked of Necrotizing Faciitis/MRSA !  My rheumatologist told me that the Humira suppressed my system so much that I had no warning of such a severe infection.  I had no inflammation, fever or symptoms of any kind. BE CAREFUL...watch for the smallest skin lesion."
"I had cystic acne after I got off of depo birth control and I hadn&#039;t realized it was due to the extreme drop of estrogen in my body. So I figured I&#039;d try to get back on birth control but try a different one. So I am now on loestrin! My acne cleared up within a month and I only get a couple pimples here and there but my skin is finally smooth! I would advise also to get a good face wash with exfoliate in it! I swear I thought it wasn&#039;t going to work but it did! Feeling much more confident."
"Tried other medicines for my GERD. Aciphex has been my salvation for 12 years and is worshiped by me. "
"I am a 39 yo woman, diagnosed with ADHD, inattentive type, this past summer, about three days after my son was diagnosed ADHD.  After a consultation with a psychopharmacologist, I started taking Vyvanse about three months ago.  I also take 100 mg of Neurontin 3x daily, which keeps any anxiety issues I may have (an issue that can be magnified by the Vyvanse) at bay.  I couldn&#039;t be happier with the Vyvanse--started at 30 mg and am now at 50.   Realizing that I had ADD changed my life--suddenly, my difficulties all made sense!  The pill isn&#039;t magic--but taking it daily has given me the ability to use the tools I knew I should use and couldn&#039;t before (things like a calendar, or my checkbook register, or a budget, or a watch...)."
"A tried and true fever reducer, why waste your money on anything shiny"
"Very helpful for performance anxiety when taken together with 0.5mg Xanax, no more racing heart, palpitation, sweating hands, running out of the room feeling when doing presentation in front group of people, better than propanolol since this does not cause wheezing on me."
"I have been taking low dose mirtazapine (3.75 mgs) for about 10 wks now for anxiety, insomnia and mild depression. I was prescribed this after being unable to tolerate SSRI anti depressants and having a very bad reaction to Lexapro. Mirtazapine has worked well for insomnia and I started noticing improvements in anxiety levels and mood within 3-4 wks of starting.  I initially had a mild increase in appetite but no weight gain, and my appetite is now normal. The drawback to this med is daytime fatigue/groggy sensation that does not lift until late afternoon. I was told this would improve with time, but it has not. For this reason I will likely taper off the med soon - not something I can put up with long term despite being effective for insomnia/anxiety."
"I am on 600 mg morning, 600 mg mid day and 1200 mg at bedtime for nerve pain (complex regional pain syndrome), I notice little relief. A lot of side effects, sleepy, foggy minded just to name a few. I have been on it for almost 6 months, started at 300mg 3 times a day. Hoping for relief."
"Very effective antibiotic--cleared symptoms within 24 hours. Side effects are terrible. You will feel like you have the stomach flu or food poisoning--fever, chills, and extreme nausea. I would recommend taking it with a big meal. I feel marginal (not wonderful) eating a big lunch and taking it, but eating a relatively small dinner and taking the pill 3 hours later, I spent the night thinking I had another illness besides the infection. Probably will ask for a different antibiotic if this happens again. Aside from slight nausea, I never react to medications, and this is all new to me."
"Had rapid wt. gain. Headache &amp; fatigue. I was able to get it free."
"I have been using Duac gel for 9 days now and my advice to anyone would be to persevere. I have very sensitive skin so was expecting some sort of reaction to the gel. After day 3 my skin was so red and sore. I moisturised throughout the day and this has really helped the patches of dry skin. On day 4 I only applied the gel for an hour and the next night didn&#039;t apply it to the worst area. Now on day 9 the redness has completely gone and my skin looks better than it has in years, I am so happy that I didn&#039;t give up on day 3 and that is mainly because of the reviews below. There is a chance that it will be painful that first week but don&#039;t give up! Will provide another review once I have used it for 2 months - can&#039;t wait to see the changes!"
"I have used Flexeril for about 9 years now. It works great to ease my muscle pain and spasms. A lot of people have trouble with it making them sleepy but I have never had that trouble. I can take during the day with no drowsiness at all which is really nice. However it would be nice if it made me a little sleepy on the nights I am having trouble. It is a great medication and I am very grateful for it."
"I wouldn&#039;t normally give feedback but I think it&#039;s really important for women to know the possible side effects. I was on Yaz for 6 months and I started to get chest (heart) pain. The chest pain became more frequent and severe, so I went to my Doctor to get their opinion. My Doctor said there is a chance that the Pill (especially Yaz, because of the hormones it uses) can cause clotting of the blood, which can then lodge in various places in the body. I was told to go to Emergency if my leg started to swell, which it did. The pain went away gradually after I stopped Yaz, but I really believe it would&#039;ve been a serious problem if I kept taking it. Please be careful when taking it, you&#039;re better not to take it if you have these symptoms."
"Started taking after spinal fusion constant muscle spasms with any activity. Can bite off a piece when needed never increased dosage in 10 years. People with addictive personality can get hooked on anything its just in there DNA. This drug helped me work much longer than I could have without it."
"I had high cholesterol for 2 plus years. After less than 2 months on Atorvastatin, my cholesterol is normal. I have had side effects, headaches and muscles aching,  but the Atorvastatin works, and worked very quickly for me. Great medication!"
"Had my derma check up for my moderate acne on cheek and chin and she prescribed me this (Adapalene) Differin Gel 0.3. For the first week I saw a little improvement on my cheek as the tiny pimples somehow disappear. By the way I have some cystic acne on cheek and chin. For the following weeks   as I saw the improvement, suddenly came the breakouts on my 4th month. Hoping this is the breakout I&#039;ve read before the clearing process of the medication. Is anybody here that had the same situation before?"
"Highly negative experience. Was treated for migraines with this medication, however I ended up with severe depression and suicidal behaviours. It became so bad I could not be left in our house alone. I had muscle atrophy and injured myself just from trying to walk. One broken foot and 3 back injuries. Worst medication I have ever taken; it almost killed me."
"Cymbalta seems to me like a &quot;miracle&quot; in ridding me of fibromyalgia pain. I have had fibro symptoms of varying severity for over 30 years (I am 58), and I have never found lasting relief, except for one year when I did not work, studied massage therapy, and got massages several times a week. Recently, severe pain returned in my hips which prevented me from sleeping. My doctor subscribed the generic version of Cymbalta (duloxetine), and within a few days the pain was greatly reduced. When increased to 60mg a week later, the pain went completely away."
"My dermatologist gave me Acanya to use in the mornings. My acned improved a little in the beginning but then returned/got worse. It works differently for different people."
"I love this medicine. When I was first given it I read a bunch of feedback online and was super nervous about taking it. This is the only medicine that has worked for me in the last ten years. I feel better, I sleep better, my body doesn&#039;t hurt so much, I love to actually live life now."
"I&#039;m simply amazed at how well this med has worked at controlling my glucose levels.

It has gotten my daily glucose readings, as well as my A1c, down to the point where my doc is concerned about hypoglycemia, and may start to reduce, or possible eliminate, one of my other diabetes meds.

Couldn&#039;t be happier."
"I was given this pill because I was having my period for a full month and breaking out badly. I&#039;ve always had these problems and other brands of birth control wouldn&#039;t work for me. I took this and my period went back to normal right away. My skin has gotten absolutely amazing. I used to try every single thing I could to cure my acne. When I got on this pill my skin completely cleared. When I do get a pimple, it&#039;ll only be one and it&#039;ll very small. I couldn&#039;t be happier with this birth control. Me and my partner have had slipups and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant."
"The acidophilus with pectin radiace and digestive ......I read reviews on other sites and decided to try this product it great with digestion and yeast I give it a 100% rating
NO MORE YEAST WITH THIS .a,hundred capsule u take it weeks before to help fight off yeast inflection.and week after.Im glad of the reviews that are true so I give a raring thats a sure go .ive used this product and still is a good one.."
"I was utterly shattered and didn&#039;t know what to do before I started this drug. I had bone crushing chronic fatigue and felt I had tried everything. I was so tired for so long I was planning on ending my life. I am on 50mg and it has made a huge difference. I have very little fatigue now, I still have some problems with anxiety an depression but I always had those. Overall I am much better on the drug. I had tried other stimulants like Concerta, Ritalin and Provigil before with little effect. If you are suffering from chronic fatigue please give lisdexamphetamine a try as it can make a big difference."
"I first started this birth control two years ago when I became sexually active. Children are not in my near future. Trinessa has been nothing but good for me! No bad side effects at all. I am a healthy 19 year old female and would recommend this drug to any woman who is looking to protect themselves."
"My main complaint is that the inhaler seems to be empty before the 200 puffs are used. It seems to help well for the first 150 to 175 puffs, then stops feeling effective. I carefully following how to use it &amp; don&#039;t know why I am not getting the right dosage throughout."
"I&#039;ve just switched to Klonopin from being on Xanax for almost 11 years. It worked WONDERS for me. I never abused it and take it responsibly, but I did develop a tolerance to it after so long on it. One of the best things about Xanax is that it kicks in pretty quickly, which is a must for panic attacks. It&#039;s very hard for me to let Xanax go because it&#039;s the only thing that really worked for my anxiety and panic attacks."
"Iam in remission from Stage Four Esophegial Cancer and was given every pain pill under the sun. They said there would be no problem coming off of them so long as I didn&#039;t abuse them. Well I can say this I took the least amount of pain medicines to function and my body still was physically addicted to them even though mentally I didn&#039;t crave them. It has been two days now since I started taking Suboxone and I just dumped the liquid oxycodone down the sink. No withdrawals at all, no sweating, no vomiting. Nothing but blue skies. I was skeptical of this for three months what a waist of time. I wish all doctors could prescribe this then it wouldn&#039;t have taken me three months to work through a resentment at the only doctor in the area that could prescribe it."
"VERY MIXED RESULTS. Had a severe attack of shingles on the face and scalp (3 weeks in most of the hair on one side of my head was literally gone). I refused morphine (in hindsight, I should have taken it) but I did take Percocet which helped the internal pain but not the nerve pain in the skin. For that they gave me Neurontin, but I could not tolerate it due to extreme drowsiness, loss of appetite, loss of concentration and dry mouth (before I could chew food it was too dry to swallow it). Tried Lyrica 75mg 3 times daily. First dose seemed to really work but effect declined significantly so that the fifth dose had no effect.  During the fourth week he increased to 100mg 3 times daily. Second dose helped then effects declined."
"I have been on (2mg) Alprazolam for about 6 months now and I cannot say how much better my quality of life is. No more anxiety and no more sleepless nights. Thank you!"
"Holy mother. Dying right now. I had moderate swelling and itching from the YI, placed this in at night time. The next time I had a bowel movement the evil egg started to ooze out. My vagina has swollen AT LEAST twice it&#039;s size. I feel like I&#039;m being chemically burned. Goopy, which is fine - who cares...but the BURN AND THE SWELLING. I feel like this is worse than my YI. I just finished rocking back and forth naked, on all fours, on my bathroom floor. Prepare yourselves ladies."
"I like the weekly.  The only thing I would say I don&#039;t like is every now and then I notice I smell like bad chemicals.  But when I would start a new pack the smell would go away.  I think it maybe due to the freshness of the pills.  It may happen 2 times a year or so."
"So I will say that Beyaz has served its course. I&#039;ve been on it for a little over a year and can only offer 2 pros. Pros: it stopped my period, it prevented pregnancy. Cons: the mood swings are terrible, I am always irritated, every little thing bothers me, I am so rude to my husband. Not to mention, I cry at the drop of a dime. Before Beyaz, I could count on one hand the number of times I had cried in the last 5 years. Also, the weight gain. My doctor put me on Beyaz because it was supposed to help me lose weight. Instead, I have gained everywhere &amp; although I constantly work out, I can&#039;t lose the weight. I have never had acne, so I can&#039;t really speak on that, but I will say that I have had quite a few breakouts while being on Beyaz."
"I&#039;ve had this medication for almost 5 months now. I switched from the mirena IUD. The doctor told me it would be perfect so I wouldn&#039;t have to worry about getting pregnant and taking it. I liked it the first month. After the bruising went down I never thought of it, till the second month came. When I was on the IUD, I never had a period besides the first month. Now, my periods are a dark brown (sorry still grosses me out) and really heavy. They last 3-4 days and come back in two weeks or so. I&#039;ve experience terrible mood swings to the point where my fianc&eacute; and I fight alot. I&#039;ve also experienced anxiety and through myself into panic attacks. My cramping has worsened to a point where I can&#039;t move. But hey, I&#039;m not pregnant right?"
"I was on Adderall and that worked amazingly!! But I was paranoid and depressed which effected me so much I had to switch. I switched to strattera and it helped! Then it started to not make a difference so I got upped to 100mgs. I have to eat right after or else I become very ill(nauseous)."
"Zomig has been a miracle for me.  I had debilitating migraines for twenty years and had given up on finding anything that would help me. In 1998 a new doctor prescribed Zomig and I have never had another debilitating migraine.  When I have health insurance it&#039;s great.  Without insurance, outrageously expensive, $240 per month. But I am scared to try a different medicine even though my insurance pushes for the change."
"I came down with a fever and severe sore throat over the weekend.  Felt like I was swallowing glass.  Finally went to the doctor on Sunday and was diagnosed with strep throat.  They gave me antibiotics and prednisone.  Took my first dose at 7pm Sunday and woke up Monday feeling about 80% better.  By Monday evening throat has almost zero pain.  Amazing.  However it is midnight and I can&#039;t fall asleep and just want to get up and clean out a closet so that might be a negative.  I will take it over the glass throat though.  :)"
"After a 3-month heavy regimen of surgeon-prescribed oxycodone due to a head-on collision, the oxy was replaced with generic tramadol 50 mg, 1-2 tablets every 4-6 hours. At first I hated it, the numerous side effects caused more suffering than my injuries. I later saw a pain-management specialist who lowered the dosage considerably for my 90-lb frame to 25 mg every 8 hrs and I&#039;ve had much improvement. My pain is more tolerable, I have no more side effects, nor do I need to sign a waiver to obtain it. Most importantly, I can now  function more normally and even drive short distances again. In my case, the correct dosage is the key to success."
"OxyContin controls the pain I have from various disorders. I still have pain (I&#039;m on 80 mg twice a day), but it&#039;s so much less and I can do so much more. "
"I was prescribed drysol because I found a lump in my armpit and my doctor thought it could be a clogged pore. The lump was gone within a week and so was any sweat! It wasn&#039;t painful for me, sometimes a little bit of itchiness but that&#039;s it. I just want to say to anyone who is experiencing pain, make sure you do not apply to freshly shaved armpits! The pharmisist told me this, one time I had shaved but forgot to put the drysol on before so I had to put it on after. I was in a lot of pain and it was very itchy. Otherwise this is a great product! I do sweat a lot on my hands and feet but when I use drysol it will stop for weeks!"
"This medicine is great. I have no side effects and the hand eczema clears up within a week. I have to get a shot about every 10-12 months."
"I&#039;ve has the implant since mid December last year. The first few weeks after getting it were horrible. My boobs swelled up and were so painful that I cried whenever taking of my bra and I had terrible mood swings that almost made my boyfriend break up with me. I haven&#039;t had a period until last week. It was really light and only lasted about 5 days, but the first few days I had really bad cramps. 
I&#039;ve gotten more spots on my face, back and chest. Other than that it is great, I love not having to remember to take a pill everyday."
"It does the job of pacifying my gout and arthritis pain well. It does however come with the traditional side effects; you build up a tolerance, it can make it hard to focus, it will make you sleepy, and once you come off it you will likely have withdrawal for 3-5 days and it will cost you sleep."
"This has helped me a lot, but I have a couple tips. There are different brands that people will react differently to (I thought they would all act the same but no). I had a bad reaction with the first generic brand I tried, tried a different generic brand, and had a better experience. So look into that because not everyone believes that there&#039;s such a difference between different brands but to me there was. Second, I&#039;m overweight and thought &quot;decreased appetite? good!&quot; but I would advise to still make sure you&#039;re eating frequently enough. Food has such an impact on brain functioning so not eating for 6 hours because you didn&#039;t feel like it is a bad habit to start! Once I got those slight issues settled, this drug really helped.Just be smart"
"Severe motion sickness....nothing seemed to help. Meclizine and Zofran did OK but still nausea on a plane.
Brought Lorazepam  into the mix with the other two and WOW just like sitting in my living room no symptoms at all."
"The 2nd / 3rd week was hell, I felt nausea, aches, cramps, and going to classes was a chore. For the next 2 1/2 months I didn&#039;t have a menstrual cycle which was worrisome because I didn&#039;t know if I had gotten pregnant of not. But then it started for three days so my fears lessened, another month without a cycle and it came around the same time as it had before. No real change in my period besides it lasts a week to a week and a half now, and then stops, It&#039;s much more irregular than when I was on the pill but I don&#039;t have it as frequently so I don&#039;t worry so much about pads or tampons every month. I&#039;m reaching the 9 month mark and now I have an itchy bump form in the area where the implant is for two mornings but they go away after 30m-1hr."
"Really has done wonders for me.  Have nothing bad to say."
"I have had Kyleena for 3 months now and it&rsquo;s been a rough 3 months. I have had spotting every month. The first month I only had spotting for 5 days and then the 2nd month I spotted for 17 days and now I&rsquo;m on my 3rd month and have been spotting for 12 days. I also have had the worst acne I&rsquo;ve ever had. All over my chest back and face. The only good thing I could say about this IUD is I don&rsquo;t have to take a pill everyday so that&rsquo;s nice. Would not recommend to someone with bad hormonal acne."
"the active ingredients probably work, but applying the patch is a nightmare! I have tried calling the company and the &quot;customer service&quot; person read me the insert. I can read, I can follow instructions, but I can&#039;t get the backing off without a great deal of struggle. I sometimes end up with half a patch. I am switching to anything else."
"I am on my second try with Chantix. The first time I was doing great, although I had some nausea but when I switched to the 1mg I felt like I was taking a placebo and I started smoking more than I had before. This time my doctor is only giving me the 0.5mg. The nausea seems worse this time and I can&#039;t sleep. My eye starts to twitch out of no where. I am clenching my jaw all day and I feel &quot;fuzzy&quot;. This has got to get better."
"I had constipation for a few years , My bowel movements was so bad, I use to cry because was in so much pain. I couldn&#039;t eat because I was so scared to have a bowel movement, I was always bloated. I finally made a appointment to see a GI specialist, Linzess 290 mcg was prescribe, This capsule change my life on the toilet, I take it every morning on a empty stomach before breakfast with a glass of water. Before I was introduce to Linzess , I use laxative teas , stool softners, otc laxative nothing, changed diet ate fiber, fruits, had glasses of water nothing. This medication work for me."
"I was having seizures off and on for almost 4 yrs. Diagnosing this was difficult because I could never had a witness or could describe the symptoms. I was averaging 1 per month then I got worse. I had 4 in two weeks but all of them had witnesses. I called my doctor and he ran heart tests and an MRI on my head. That&#039;s when he said I had Partial Epilepsy and gave me the Trileptal. I&#039;ve been taking it for 6 weeks and haven&#039;t had any problems since then. I like this pill very much and the best part is its only $4 a month."
"I am a 67 year old male who has suffered from low testosterone for many years. I have been using Fortesta for 2 months, and have seen a remarkable increase in my sex drive, and sense of well being. My penis has increased in size when soft to double it&#039;s previous size. Fortesta is great."
"Side effects far worse than  Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension (IIH) it&#039;s self. Constantly nauseous, made no difference to headaches/pressure, suffered with slight breathing difficulties &amp; palpitations, the tingling in hands and feet were more like cramp than tingling in the end... the list goes on.."
"I&#039;ve been using this cream for 5 days now for anal hpv. Last night was the first night I skipped a treatment and I&#039;ll reapply it again tonight. I&#039;m using it 5 x&#039;s a week. I have yet to experience the horrible reaction a lot of people complain about. And I&#039;ve been using an entire packet of the cream.  It seems to be working different on everyone because everyone&#039;s immune system is different but I&#039;m HAPPY to say that aldara appears to be working. In just 5 days I can already see the warts getting smaller. They are kinda red but they aren&#039;t painful just a little tender. No bleeding and no horrible side effects. Don&#039;t be afraid to use it. If u start getting bad side effects use less cream and space the days out more."
"I am 54 years old and was put on Levaquin in August. I had side effect from the medication that caused joint and tendon pain and damage. I used to take it when I was younger with a good outcome. It is now January and I still have very bad knee and tendon pain. Beware of the medication."
"Allergic  reaction , May 6, 2016. Itching, redness, 45 minutes into shot. Went back to Dr office, they gave me 2 shots an a pill. Sent me to ER for observation."
"Took this for 5 days for inflammation following knee surgery. Did nothing for pain and I had some stomach issues. The morning after my 5th dose, I woke up and the room was spinning. Vertigo was so bad I could barely walk. Going back to ibuprofen. I&#039;ll never take this again."
"I have been on Loestrin 24 for 2 years now and it has been great for me. It has cleared up my acne and I have had no weight gain or other side effects while on this pill. However just recently I have been having breakthrough bleeding so I am switching to Tri Sprintec. Also I could not afford 50 dollars a month. Overall though I would say it&#039;s a great pill and I highly recommend it."
"Some poorer Dr.s argue that &quot;Z&quot; packs should NOT be used to treat Bronchitis.  This is a dangerous view due to the fact that without such treatment Bronchitis can lead to Acute Bronchitis or even Pneumonia.  Don&#039;t let the Bad Doctor play with your health.  If you have bronchial infection, demand a &quot;Z&quot; pack or replace the doctor!"
"I&#039;m an all or nothing kind of girl so when I decided to quit smoking I wasn&#039;t going to cut down, I wanted to quit cold turkey so I went to my doctor for some advice. She prescribed me 300mg of bupropion and advised me to use nicotine replacement. I have used nicotine replacement in the past which made me very ill and vomit so I did not follow her advise on that part. So I started with 150mg like she said to and worked my way up to 300mg but it felt like too much for me. I am a very petite woman so I decided to stay at 150mg. While I was taking the 300mg I was very warm, sweaty and I felt anxious. At 150mg I no longer had the sweating and anxiety but I did feel warmer than normal. It was worth it though because I am now an ex-smoker!"
"I was drug free for the first 26 years of my life, but after my divorce I began a whole new life on my own, found new friends and started to have fun that included drugs. I felt they were harmless, and that turned in to 20 750 mg vicodins everyday. Some days it was hard to get them and then I would go in to a desperate panic terrified by the thought of withdrawl. I began Suboxone 2 years ago and never had one withdrawl symptom. It is shocking how effective it is."
"I am 50 years old and have had severe rheumatoid arthritis for more than 6 years. I was taking Advil like candy for years until I was diagnosed with Arthritis. My 1st Rheumatologist put me on 7.5/750&#039;s 3 times daily and it worked well. After changing doctors after major Lung Surgery they sent me to a Pain Management doctor who put me on Duragesics then MS Contin. That sure got rid of the pain, but the depressant effects of Morphine based medications made me miserable. Hydrocodone or even Oxycodone work very well as long as you don&#039;t abuse them. I&#039;d wish more Pain Management people would get off the Morphine dependency. This kind of treatment makes it hard to treat pain after major surgeries."
"A side effect of this medication for me was tardive dyskinesia."
"This was my first experience with birth control but I have to say I absolutely love it. I used to get horrible heavy periods in which I would go through at least seven super tampons a day with extreme cramping. Now my periods are light and unnoticeable. For the first couple of months I had bleeding in the middle of my cycle (very light, not even worth a pantyliner) but this went away as my body adjusted. I honestly feel like Lo has helped my mood swings (probably because I&#039;m not in horrible pain for a week of every month) and I&#039;m much happier with it. My sex drive was unaffected as well. Overall I absolutely love this birth control!!!"
"This is the only medicine that I&#039;ve tried that controls my endometriosis symptoms. It has been a MIRACLE. The first shot caused intense hunger that lasted about a month. But I have not experienced any weight gain and have in fact lost 10 pounds with diet and exercise while on depo. The first month also caused some bad adult acne but I got that under control with acne washes. I&#039;ve had some occasional light spotting that requires an ultra thin pad for a day or two. There was 1 bad period when I was due for the second shot, but since then, I haven&#039;t had any periods at all. It&#039;s been 6 months and this shot allows me to live a normal life, make plans, and work a normal job without having to miss numerous days."
"I&#039;m 22 and I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was 15. Trisprintec. (5 yrs) Nexplanon. (6 mos.) Microgestin 1.5 (11 months.)  I was over the side effects from hormones and I have been researching on my own to figure out the best type of birth control for me. Eager but nervous, I requested the Paragard IUD to by OBGYN. I got medication to soften my cervix the night before, went in Tuesday and it was uncomfortable but way less painful than I thought (she said I have a high pain tolerance) it is Sunday and the cramping is bad, my lower back &amp; abdomen are bothering me but the bleeding has stopped (I even started my period the day of insertion) I will review again in a month or so"
"When I first started this medication it was OK ,I was never told this medicine cause memory loss. It&#039;s really bad, I can&#039;t remember at times if I took my medicine and places I have been going all my life I can&#039;t remember how to get there. Please be aware!!!"
"I&#039;ve been using Differin for 2 years now, and it has worked well for me. I still get small bumps though and am going to ask my dermatologist for the 0.3% Differin because I am currently on the 0.1%. I think using the stronger cream will clear it all up. "
"I&#039;m giving this a 5 because I have no idea if it works or not... Yet ;). I took 1 pill after not having a BM for 3 days. Never having had constipation like this before I&#039;ve never taken any laxitive type medication before. I really wish I had read these reviews prior to picking this up at the market. I guess time will tell. My sister had taken a similar product a few years back, took 3 and was in  excruciating pain the entire night and well into the next morning.So, to be on the safe side I only took the 1 pill. At least I&#039;ll know I&#039;m not actually dying if I go through the hell all the other reviewers describe. Hoping it&#039;ll all work out smoothly. ( pun intended "
"I don&#039;t have anything to complain about besides a big decrease in appetite, which is good and bad. It helps me eat healthier and eat the right portions but I almost feel like I have to force myself to eat now and I Love food. So I&#039;ve ended up shedding a few pounds which I&#039;m already tiny enough. But besides only a little spotting and my first period was shortened and minor cramping, its working out fine for me! I was on Lo estrin  prior and that made me feel a little moody and emotional and  brought down my sex drive as well."
"I was given 34 treatments of radiation to  my breast for cancer.  My Dr told me to use Sarna 3-4 times daily.  As treatment progressed I had dry, burned, itching skin, and this product was the only relief I could get.  It was so cool and soothing and kept my skin moist.  I love it and think the company should add this on many cancer center sites, as we need all the comfort we can get,  Thank you Sarna"
"I bought the OTC patch. I have problems with urge incontinence and thought this might help. Wore the patch for 24 hours, after a couple of hours of having it on I started noticing I was having cramps and pain, the urge got worse and I felt like I had to urinate constantly. I took the patch off and a few hours later the cramps and feeling of having to urinate constantly went away."
"I had a huge problem with underarm sweating.  I would sweat and have visible wetness under my shirt 5 minutes after putting it on. This product has changed my life. I feel completely dry now. I can wear different colors and not have to worry about wetness. I used to actually switch out napkins under my arms to stop the sweating. Once your body gets used to this product, you only have to apply it once a month or so (sometimes even less, like every 2 months in my experience) this product is like a wonder product."
"My son who is nine was just started on Vyvanse for ADD. He was not hyperactive just couldn&#039;t focus.  We struggled with from preschool to third grade. Held him back in first that helped a little. Then third grade about killed him. Medications were my last resort. Scared me to death to put him on medicines, 100% difference. Teacher said it was like a fog lifted. I&#039;m like wow. Decreased appetite only side affect. But not bad."
"I&#039;ve had acne since I was 12 and I&#039;m 15 now. my acne is EVERYWHERE and its red, huge and very painful. When I decided to see a dermatologist she prescribed Aczone to apply morning an night after washing my face with CeraVe facewash. I saw amazing results! After my second visit, my dermatologists prescribed Acanya to apply in the morning and and continue applying Aczone at night. ... My face immediately got  even worse than it was before. Right now I feel so depressed. Every time anyone talks to me all they see are the huge zits on my face. Everyone just keeps telling me home remedies to use and NOTHING works."
"I started taking antidepressants in January. I started with lexapro and was on it for 5 months. It worked for a while then it just stopped. My doctor raised the mg for it and it still didn&#039;t work. Then I switched to Effexor. Had terrible side effects. I have been on brintellix for a little over a month. Due to issues at my doctors office, I had no medication to take for several days. I didn&#039;t notice much of a difference while taking the medication. But once I stopped, I noticed that I was more depressed than before. I was irritated easily and upset. I have noticed I&#039;ve been eating a lot more while on the medication. Not okay. And I take it at night because it makes me tired. It has helped my depression some. I&#039;ve felt more like myself"
"I&#039;ve had the Paragard for a year. Right after I got it, I had my period for two weeks. It was terrible. But I don&#039;t regret getting this birth control. I can&#039;t do extra hormones. They mess with my blood pressure and make me crazy so this seemed like the best option since I didn&#039;t want to get my tubes tied because I want more children. The bad reviews scare me, but so far for me after having it a year, I don&#039;t really have any complaints at all. And I don&#039;t have to worry about any &quot;oops&#039;s&quot; or anything like that. And my husband and I certainly don&#039;t need another child right now. We have six already."
"I&#039;d been on long acting morphine and MSIR but the pain was like a roller coaster. After sustaining a serious fracture, the orthopedic surgeon had me evaluated by a pain clinic. The doctor there did a thorough assessment and gave me my life back when she prescribed Fentanyl. Since the Fentanyl I&#039;ve had not one trip to the ER for a flare... in 8 years! I&#039;ve never needed an increase, either."
"No anti-psychotic medicine is perfect. But Seroquel is quite okay. Gives you a good night of sleep. You can feel dizzy. But the best is no extra pyramidal symptoms.  I tried 4 or 5 other antipsychotics but this as good as it gets considering side effects."
"I have been taking this for a little over a month now. Not satisfied yet. I have had ALOT of spotting happening, I get cramps (of which was something I was trying to NOT get) which still causes me to take my pain medication, I also have had the worst acne I have ever had in my whole life. I have never had it this badly. If after 3 months nothing has changed. I will be done with this product and onto another. I have a wedding in a week and am sad to say this pill caused my skin to look like this. So much for flawless skin on my day and honeymoon."
"My doctor prescribed Lyrica for fibromyalgia, this was the worst medication I have ever taken! Within a few days, my anxiety levels were through the roof . I had other side effects too but I can&#039;t recall what they were now - it&#039;s been a horrendous year."
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin for a year and a half now. I had been reluctant to admit I was depressed even though I was miserable. I was rude and snappish with everyone, unhappy with myself and just wanted to die. Then I started Wellbutrin.  Immediately, those thoughts in my head about what an awful person I was stopped.  When I consciously tried to think about them again, I couldn&#039;t do it without my brain also coming up with all the reasons those negative thoughts were ridiculous and untrue. The only side effect I noticed was lack of appetite but that went away after about three weeks.  This medicine works really well for me.  I feel so much more like myself."
"I&#039;ve used gabapentin for 6 years supplemented with propoxyphene (now off the market) and it has stopped the numbness and tingling I feel. It does not however deal with the spiked and the dull pain associated with neuropathy. I wish they would bring back Darvon. That medicine did wonders for me without any side effects."
"I have been on this medication for 5 years.  I have had my dosage lowered twice from weight loss.  It works great but the dosage is always changing and I have the side effect of anger.  I used to be so easy tempered."
"My nexplanon was inserted on January 20th, the last day of my period. I&#039;m afraid of needles but it didn&#039;t hurt as bad/just a slight tug and pressure when inserting! This is my 1st BC ever. 

Now it&#039;s 02/09/2017 and I noticed some spotting last night (originally it&#039;s 3 days left until I would normally have my period) I never spotted before throughout any of my periods. I thought I had started last night when it &quot;felt&quot; like my normal period symptoms, except this morning, I only had brown discharge but No. blood  

My arm was aching for about 1-2 weeks after it was inserted and I have two toddlers (1 &amp; 2 year olds) so I try to avoid them laying on my arm or touching it. 

So far, I like nexplanon. Hopefully my overall, future, reviews are great!"
"Concerta has saved my life and I am doing great in school. I just got my progress report and I got a 3.8"
"Chemo not exciting but awesome web site."
"I&#039;ve been taking Macrobid for urinary tract infections for years with no problem, it always worked really fast. This time I got a severe headache within an hour of taking the first pill, I didn&#039;t connect it to the Macrobid and took the second dose which was a big mistake.  The headache was like a migraine and took two days to go away. "
"8 week regime, not detectable @ 4 and 8 weeks. Full blown viral load detected at 6 mos. Expensive failure."
"I had the Nexplanon implant inserted in November of 2012, and had it recently taken out and a new one put back in. I have nothing but great things to say about it! I haven&#039;t gained weight, lost sex drive, or had a drastic change in moods/emotions. I can certainly say it effects everyone differently, just like every other birth control, but it&#039;s definitely worth a shot!!"
"Urgent care Doc gave me Colcrys and Voltaren for a flare up in my kneee.  First flare ever in knee, wow, I thought it was bad in the foot, but it&#039;s nothing compared to the knee!  The doctor gave me a 3 day supply, buy the end of day 1 I was at least 75% better, by the end of day two no pain.  This worked wonders for me, good luck to you."
"Rating of 5 for now, should be getting my first period tomorrow if this works like my Microgestin fe 1/20 did. Body is still adjusting to this pill. Pros: Sex drive has increased. Every other BCP killed my sex drive. Breasts seem bigger, but maybe that&#039;s just me being hopeful. Con: Acne has gotten a bit worse, especially on my arms. I am getting more tiny pustule pimples than I was, but I have also been eating a lot more junk lately. Weight has gone up a couple pounds which is okay since I was having trouble gaining weight anyway, but like I said, I haven&#039;t been eating too well. No increase in headaches from my normal amount, and no weird mood swings. I take my pill before bed so I don&#039;t notice any nausea. So far, I feel great."
"I was very apprehensive to take this medication because of all the negative reviews on this site and others, but I&#039;m telling you, TRY THIS PILL.
I&#039;ve literally tried every product, been to multiple doctors and dermatologist, have had facials, treatments, etc., etc... NOTHING has worked. Except this.
PROS: Started to control my acne(less &quot;patchiness&quot;, less breakouts), made my breasts grow almost a whole cup size bigger in the first 2 packs, made me more relaxed and chill then I already was, 4 DAY PERIODS.
CONS: the first pack I experienced constant spotting and really bad mood swings (only the first month, after the first pack I am more in control than ever)
I can now go to the dermatologist to fix my scaring and my skin will be perfect! good luck!"
"Was put on pregabalin for severe anxiety and panic attacks. Slowly got the dose up to 300mg per day, spaced out into three 100mg doses. 
I felt better for about a week - then back to an anxious wreck. 
Pregabalin makes me seriously tired I can sleep throughout the whole day. 
I feel a little detatched from others and spaced out often. 
Really don&#039;t like the effects it has on me but scared to stop taking it now! 
Also have suffered severe oral thrush and acid reflux since starting the meds. 

I know it works well for others so maybe its just not the right med for me! 

Just to add I also take 40mg citalopram along side pregabalin."
"Works excellent if you haven&#039;t built a tolerance to it. After a few days of use you may find the medicine is less effective than it was when you first used it. 

Benadryl knocks me out quite quick when I use it, the only problem I have with it is that I tend to oversleep or wake up groggy the morning after, which is generally relieved with some sort of caffeinated beverage."
"Weight gain &amp; bloating like never before
cramping pains
migranes
dizziness 
massive hair loss
....no period or pregnancy is the only good things"
"Had been on Effexor XR for 5 years, and noticed as I progressed toward menopause, my depression was worsening.  I was just a shell of the person I was previously.  I went to my dr and was prescribed  Viibryd.  Within a week I noted some gradual changes.  It has been just short of a month, and I notice less sleepiness and concentration concerns.  I also have less anxiety, and my irritable bowel syndrome symptoms are lessening too.  So far I am very pleased with it."
"This medication has made me unemotional and boring and like many others I&#039;m forever hungry. I have put on an insane amount of weight, admittedly needed, due to suffering anorexia, but when I started on this medication I weighed 37kg and 6 months later nearly doubled to 65 kg. This I feel is an unnatural weight gain in such a short time, and now I don&#039;t go out due to feeling bad about how I look."
"After no sleeping for several days, in my mayor maniac crisis ever, I started in Geodon. It&#039;s been magical. No side effects at all.  Couldn&#039;t recommend it better. Of course, is my experience."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for two months. I&#039;ve lost a much needed 25 pounds and my face is always clear. I have noticed a slight depression though but I feel its tolerable and worth it."
"I experienced some side effects in the beginning of taking this medication. I tried two others prior to this and they failed so when I got onto this it helped me so much. I feel so much better and more energized then I have had in the past."
"I have never had perfect skin, always had 1 or 2 pimples at a time, and usually a cystic one too. But 5 months ago I started breaking out BAD, mostly on my lower cheeks and chin. I tried so many Orc face washes and scrubs but nothing worked. I finally went to the dermatologist and I have been taking doryx 200mg a day for about a week now, as well as using epiduo at night before bed. My skin is already clearing up! I mostly have hyper pigmentation and some scarring now, which I will have to deal with, but hardly any pimples!! I&#039;m hoping it will keep getting better as the goes on but for now, I am loving doryx."
"This medicine really helped me with both depression and sleeplessness, the only negative side effects were that I tended to need at least 9-10 hours of sleep a night rather than my usual 7-8. Also I had some weight gain due to significantly increased appetite after each dosage."
"I get severe hiccups. This works!"
"I&#039;m a 24 year old female who was prescribed strattera and Ciprolex combined. I have been diagnosed as ADHD and mild depression. I was on Ciprolex for a number of years before strattera and had no side effects but when I started taking Strattera within 2 days I had heart palpitations, dizziness, sleepiness and nausea. I stayed on the medication because I could not focus on even the most basic of tasks so I dealt with these side effects. After a year I started to feel great!! So I weaned myself off and within 2 months I became such an angry, depressed and filled with anxiety over nothing. Anxiety to the point where I thought I was going to be sick. So now I&#039;m stuck dealing with these pills or be worse than before."
"Third day on it and I feel like I have the flu but without respiratory symptoms. Tired, muscle aches, headache, dizziness, nauseated. Still better than having to pee, painfully, every ten minutes."
"This drug medicine works well for me. I am 57 and have used it for about two years. The worst symptom is as listed in the Professional Section on this website:
 Abnormal ejaculation includes ejaculation failure, ejaculation disorder, retrograde ejaculation and ejaculation decrease. In controlled studies, abnormal ejaculation was associated with the use of tamsulosin and was dose-related. 

Though there is no change in the pleasure, this side-effect is annoying. "
"I have tried every AD(H)D pill known so far. I started in grade 4 and went off them in grade 7. I am weird as far as medicine goes and it never worked as intended, side effects for other pills were things such as no free will, not remembering anything that I did for 3 years, no control of self awareness or recollection of my actions, fainting or passing out without warning. I went off the pills in grade 7 due to mental and physical health issues and concerns. Decided to take the pills again because I need them to graduate, started on Vyvasne. It is 1000X times better than any other pill that I have tried over the years. Biggest problems is lack of appetite (went 26 hours without eating without realizing it) started on 80MG by mistake."
"I have had GERD since I was 19 years. For some reason I eat Ketchup with everything. I am 31 now. I&#039;ve use Nexium in the past and my acid reflux always went away. Recently I&#039;ve had upper back pains, cold chills, stomach and heart burns and the worse belly pain ever after I ate. The doctor sent me for a blood test which came back negative for any infections. I was placed on Nexium. Within 2 days I felt much better. I would recommend this for anyone. Wish I tried it before I did the ultrasound of my kidney, liver and gallbladder together with a chest x ray. I guess you got to pay a high price for a good product like Nexium. But I don&#039;t mind. I feel much better now."
"I&#039;m 45 and started noticing general loss of libido around age 40, and severe ED around age 43.  Led a very wild drinking lifestyle since my 20&#039;s, but don&#039;t smoke, and my doctor felt that I did some major damage to my testicles and penis nerve endings from all the drinking.  Just an FYI - I didn&#039;t know drinking could do that to you ...  Anyhow, he gave me a sample pack of 20mg tabs and I tried half of one the first time.  Wow.  All of a sudden everything worked great again - it was like a miracle and I&#039;d be good to go until mid-Sunday.  "
"Used to get lots of stomach upset taking Aleve for extended periods.  No more with Vimovo."
"Good medicine"
"I have been on Bydureon since November 2012 and 2000 mg metformin a day. I am pre diabetic, have hypothyroidism and polycystic ovarian syndrome variance. After much difficulty, this medicine has been a lifesaver! I have lost 51 lbs to date (235 to 184) and am feeling great! My a1c went from 6.5 to 5.7 in three months. I get new lab results next week. I did have side effects in the beginning but I stuck with it and it is fine now. No more nausea. Some diarrhea but I also have Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Good luck to anyone out there dealing with this."
"I got my paragard Monday March 20, 2017. Insertion hurt but it wasn&#039;t life alteringly horrible. Mild cramping that day, but I went home and could still live life just fine (I did laundry and made dinner). The next day I went to work and just took one ibuprofen to alleviate my super mild cramps. By Wednesday I was sprinting on the treadmill, spotting completely gone. Had intercourse Thursday, no string felt by husband, no cramps nothing.  I will review again after my cycle, but I have never been one to have an awful period. I&#039;m a 29 year old 5 foot 105 lb female, I had previously been on the pill for 12 years."
"As a general rule I don&#039;t like liquid medicines, however I did find a few tricks I have read on the internet worked quite well for me and maybe for some other people with issues.  I found that putting the prep bottles in the fridge for about 12-24 hours before use so as to make the solution as cold as possible makes it taste less like medicine.  I also found that reconstituting the Suprep with ginger ale instead of tap water helps to get the prep down much easier.  Also use a straw so that you can shoot the medicine as far back in your throat as possible to avoid as much as possible certainly helps."
"I was taking metformin for 7 years. Doc added januvia as a1c was climbing.  It did not work at all. Moved  to invokana and had immediate results.   Blood levels now normal and lowest in 7 years. Losing weight too.  Some thirst issues but not serious.   Fast level 110  after meal 140.  Only problem:  IT IS EXPENSIVE."
"It&#039;s my 5th week using this medication. You do get breakouts but that&#039;s part of the treatment. I have noticed a difference on my right side. I have hope that by the 12th week my skin will be clear. It just takes patience!"
"I just want to see if anyone has had this experience. My husband started axiron 4 weeks ago and the day he started it, miraculously his personality changed. He has got an extremely  low 
sex drive, with a T level on the lowest side of normal levels but the main reason 
he started axiron woz due to his irritable, moody, crabby personality. Thing is , he bought a new car around the same time so it is possibly a combination of things as to why his mood is not so crappy. I actually like spending time with him now and I guess I shouldn&#039;t worry as to why his persona has improved greatly but I&#039;m just curious. He is 46."
"OK here goes. Never written a review about this stuff. I have been on Zyprexa for 20 years and still taking it. I&#039;m 65 years old, and have had Tourette&#039;s my whole life (as you all have). Zyprexa has given me more relief than any drug I have ever tried, and I&#039;ve tried them all to include the Horrible Haldol.
I have 2 sons in their 40&#039;s and never any sign of Tourette&#039;s. I&#039;ve just had my first grandchild, so I willl pay close attention to him. There has been a price to pay. In the 20 years I&#039;ve taken Zyprexa I&#039;ve gained 45 pounds. I don&#039;t like it much either, but never seriously tried to lose the weight if it is even possible. In the past couple of years, I&#039;ve developed Type II diabetes or I should say &quot;pre-diabetic&quot;."
"I had a bad experience with this. I was pretty healthy prior to using this birth control. I even stopped smoking cigarettes because I knew it would make everything worse.
I started taking Microgestin two weeks ago and have become very ill. My side effects were high blood pressure, chest pain, shortness of breath, blurred vision, water retention, swelling fingers, dizziness, racing heart, feeling very tired and depressed. It had a few benefits: clearing up my face and regulating my period but the side effects were too many to handle. I know it works different for everyone but i wanted you guys to know that these risks are possible especially if you smoke or used to smoke. I am going to get switched to a different birth control. Best of Luck!"
"I was awake with a rampant earache and crying with the pain. Went to my emergency doctor who gave me amoxicillin 500mg. I was told I had an infection in both ears. Amoxicillin cleared it up and I felt so much better and got a good nights sleep."
"I suddenly keep getn these horrible cold sores like I was slit with a razor outside in like half inch splits that sting so bad n a couple times I&#039;ve gotten a single sore down unda that hurts n is red. I go as long as I can bare it n sometimes it goes away on its own quickly but wen It doesn&#039;t I take one of my sisters acyclovir&#039;s a day n 9times outa 10 it goes away within a few days. I now take lysine with my daily vitamins. U cant just take vitamins wen u need em u gota take em daily so wen u get sick or watever they&#039;ve already built up in ur system. I skipped a few days last week n i already got 2cold sores. Abreva only works if u use it at the 1st sign of a cold sore, once the sores there it will not work n that&#039;s a big waist of money"
"I&#039;ve had this for about 6 months and I haven&#039;t got my period since I got put on this most people would think this is great but I have sex all the time and every month I worry am I pregnant and with the implant it&#039;s possible to have a ectopic which would mean outside the womb which could kill you so I&#039;m really considering getting it taken out. Other then that if you don&#039;t worry like me then its great."
"After having Skylar inserted 24 hrs ago, I&#039;m still experiencing cramping like I would on the first day of my period, but its not going away with the heating pad. I had mine inserted on the 5th day of my period, but overall I don&#039;t know if I&#039;d do this again. I was able to get off the table and drive home, however the pain made me seriously consider popping a kid out of my cervix. Of my other options, I was done with the pill and looking at the arm implant when I was pushed towards the more regional discharge of hormones that Skyla has. Overall just frustrated with the explanation of what to expect as there isn&#039;t a week after section on the website."
"I have buzzing in ears, very annoying also find it hard to sleep. Yet when I do sleep I can sleep for 10 or 11 hour"
"I have been on Doxycycline for at least 10 years straight for acne. I saw a big improvement in my skin when I first started taking the drug in my thirties. Now that I&#039;m 48 and entering menopause, it seems to be a little less effective because of my hormonal changes probably. But I have never had any side effects with this drug, which is great considering the amount of time I have been using it."
"At age 59 I had my first panic attack along with anxiety that would last all day and into the evening. I was given Prozac which I believe caused the symptoms to occur. After just one week on Lexapro 20 mg my anxiety completely disappeared and I haven&#039;t had a panic attack since. I would highly recommend Lexapro for anyone suffering from depression and anxiety couples together. I don&#039;t walk in fear now I&#039;m completely relaxed and confident! Thank God for this medication!"
"I was given Compazine during in-patient chemo treatment in 1999 (as a cheaper anti-nausea med., as I was on Medicaid).  The Drs. said it &#039;may&#039; cause agitation/work poorly for younger people (I was 25 at the time).  The agitation &amp; horrible feelings were immediate.  It got so bad I ended up just twitching, crying &amp; moaning into my pillow.   My skin was crawling, I was flooded with anxiety/panic.  I COULD NOT lay/sit still.   Next chemo treatment  was the same, so I never asked for/took it again.  I&#039;d rather have gone without anti-nausea meds than go thru that again.  I later found one of the night Drs. who was sympathetic &amp; I got samples of the good (modern) anti-nausea meds.  No akathisia at all."
"The first pill very strong so waited till in bed and when the severe pain from shingles hit I took 2nd pill..instant relief. I was so glad I had the medicine and still have the bottle of pills as I never needed another. One pill got me
through the worst pain I had with shingles. I would not have a need for any now but saved in case shingles returned. I think it a tad bit too strong for most
pain that could be treated with a lessor degree of strength. 2 pills used out of whole bottle.  It was expensive but actually just one pill did the job."
"My problem was falling asleep while driving and falling asleep in class at nursing school. My doctor prescribed Provigil at 200mg in the morning. The first day was
simply incredible.  After that it didn&#039;t seem to work anymore. So the dosage was raised to 300mg.  Same affect. So now I take 400mg only on the days when I have class.  That seems to be enough to keep me going on the other days too.  Provigil is a very good medicine, and I am blessed enough to have insurance that pays every penny so I am not aware of the price. (And I still have to make sure I get at least six hours of sleep at night.)"
"You think that getting a shot is going to make your life easy? yea right! I am 29 years old and had been on the pill for 10 years due to my high blood pressure they put me on the shot go figure. I got a shot on May 20 2015 I weighed 180lb mind you I am tall 5&quot;8 .  I had no real side effects come for the next shot I was 190 a ten pound increase I don&#039;t eat junk food. I got horrible headaches stomach cramps and horrible mood swings mostly anger. Now here into Nov. 2015 and I am 196 and have pregant belly and no period since the May 2015. Do not do it"
"Gives me some energy, but causes unwanted anxiety at uncomfortable times. I&#039;ve been on it since the 2/7/17 and haven&#039;t lost any weight. Although I do eat less. I wake up several times during the night now as well. If I take it first thing in the morning it gives me horrible stomach issues, if I wait til lunch I&#039;m up all night. I take it with a snack around 10:00am. It&#039;s been almost a month and a half, we&#039;ll see."
"I tried various other anti-depressants. I have severe depression, which runs in my family. Wellbutrin works well for me.  The only noticeable side effects have been twitching, and some sleeplessness. It is expensive though. The generic was just terrible. Gave aching, even more twitching, tiredness, lack of concentration, etc. I would not recommend the generic as many other people had similar complaints. I do recommend Wellbutrin SR NON-GENERIC, especially if you have insurance."
"Prescribed for me in ER when I was there for nausea and vertigo from Irritable Bowel Syndrome...probably the ONLY medicine I ever took that worked immediately and did just what it advertised...truly effective medicine!"
"I have been taking Trulicity for 12 weeks and lost 8lbs and my sugars are the lowest they have ever been. I have not had an A1C done since I started this medication but I am sure it has dropped. I do experience some of the side effects such as nausea and tiredness and I have no appetite at all and when I do eat I am full very quickly. I am on the higher dose and I have reduced the amount of Lantus I take by 20units daily. I do experience morning lows a lot more but a glass of OJ helps. I am anxious to see my doctor and get an A1C done."
"Works well to reduce symptoms of ADHD."
"I just started on this diet with phentermine and I&#039;m 5&#039;2 weighing 174. I have been on it for 3 days and already lost 3 pounds! I&#039;m excited about the future outcome."
"Symptoms started clearing 12 hours after first dose.  Doctor prescribed 10 days at 400 mg/day.  All of my bacterial symptoms (sore throat, headache, drainage, cough, upset stomach, fever) were gone by dose 4.  No serious side effects."
"I&#039;ve been taking lisinopril 20mg for about a week and I feel lethargic. I can&#039;t focus and I&#039;m tired all the time. It&#039;s affecting my job performance.  Hopefully this is just an adjustment period."
"I feel as if half the time the medicine works really well and then other times that I need a stronger dose to mellow me out. I am currently on 10 mg of escitalopram. I am experiencing bleeding and it is not time for my period so this concerns me. I have been taking this medication for around 4 months now and this side effect just started last week and has continued for close to a week now.its just really strange. Has anyone else experienced bleeding?"
"This medicine saved my life."
"I&#039;ve been on this for a week, on 100mg dose, but this stuff is tearing me up. I am urinating frequently and every time it&#039;s an emergency run to the bathroom. I have to walk out of meetings at work. I used to have a bladder of steel. I wake up 3 times per night to pee.  My thirst is almost unbearable. After 1 week, both my wife and I have yeast infections. My penis is burning. Now, I also have diarrhea. I am a mess."
"So far this medicine is working a little, but I&#039;ve only been on it for 1 day, I need to get it more time so really can&#039;t comment on it. My bronchitis is making me cough a lot, so I hope this stuff works."
"First day, my skin feels fine and normal. Second, day minor scaling of skin. Third day, my skin gets itchy, reddness, and scaling of skin becomes more noticeable. Fourth day, burns like crazy, my skin looks worse than it was before. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, it is hell. I am currently sensitive to sun and touch, and now I have more acne. Heres some advice if you have the side affects, use petroleum jelly, and wash your face every now and then. Right now I&#039;m raging in pain, therefore I am not willing to continue using this product."
"My pharmacy switched me from Tri-lo sprintec to this because it was free on my insurance. I am on month 3. For me, the positives are that I&#039;ve lost the weight I gained on tri-lo sprintec and I am no longer bloated all the time. However my mood, which was even and calm before, changed immediately on this pill. My mood changes in an instant and I&#039;ve had several breakdowns and severe anxiety which almost never happens to me. I am also starting to experience hair thinning and inflamed pimples all over my chin and cheek area which was never an issue before, not since I took accutane. I am switching after this pack to brand name ortho tri cyclen lo with the hopes that my skin clears back up and my mood stabilizes."
"I first took Adipex in July of 2010 for 30 days. I cut out everything white out of my diet. Drank plenty water and lost approximately 13lbs without exercise. I chose not to continue taking the medication and started an exercise regimen where I lost an additional 7lbs. Found myself at a plateau and felt like I wasn&#039;t losing anymore. December 13, 2010 started taking the medication again while continuing exercise regimen and now have lost a total of 28lbs. Made a lifestyle change with proper eating, no fried foods, grilled chicken, fish, beef, lots of veggies, yogurt, fruit and plenty of water. I feel wonderful. Started out in a size 22w and as of Jan. 10, 2011 was able to get into a size 16. WHOHOOOOOO! Macy&#039;s size 12-14 here I come!"
"I have had restless legs syndrome for 20 years or so now. I have been taking Requip for almost the entire time it was diagnosed and I have a severe case. In the past few months, I have experienced some nausea, dizziness, pain and tiredness after my first dose in the morning. I did not realize this could be a side-effect of the medication. I take 4mg. 3Xday, if I did not, I would never sleep, sit through a movie or be able to focus on work. I will put up with the side-effects."
"I wanted to do an updated review on this medication. I am in my 9th month of taking it, and, before Obama Care I ran out a few times, and the effects were very noticeable. Even though it is not supposed to have classic SSRI withdrawal symptoms, I still had severe brain zaps. I have my script filled and I am back on it. I am such a better worker, listener and planner on this medication. I am a better version of myself. Love it! I take 40mg a day, 60mg was too much.  I am 160lbs tall female 34 yo."
"I was prescribed with Cefuroxime ( 2x500mg/day for 16 days) and prednisolone (60mg x 4 days, then 40mg x 4 days then 20mg x 4 days then 10mg x 4 days) 

The combination works very well with in the second day of the usage. I can breath well and yellow mucus came out well, hopefully in a week I will be fine.

I am using netipot couple of times a day to cleanse the sinus and having single dosage of claritin and flunase as a prevention dosage.

Not sure how much does side effect does prednisolone  will cause, since this is first time I am using and hopefully doesn&#039;t hurt me.

I read prednisolone  is a steroid and I feel we have to avoid it."
"My eyes stayed dry,  red and irritated. After only 5 days, my eyes begin to clear up. Used it twice daily 2 drops each time. The only downside, was the stinging burning for the first 5-10 seconds, after putting drops in."
"Latuda {120mg.} made me VERY RESTLESS couldn&#039;t sit still for more than 5 seconds, didn&#039;t interact good with my other medications."
"If I had known it was possible to feel this way I would have started taking Prozac a long time ago. I fought myself on trying another anti depressant after being off lexapro for about a year. I guess lexapro did not work for me as well as Prozac has because I want to hit myself for starting this earlier.  I feel normal, I have energy to get through the day and I can focus. I have lost some weight though as I do not eat constantly like I used too (because that&#039;s all I felt like doing)"
"I would recommend this to everyone,
My experience on the shot has been great. This is about my 9th month now and I never had to deal with any crazy side effects like weight gain, acne, etc. 
However, In the first 3 months I did have mood swings but they were never worse than any normal mood swings (for example period mood swings.) and I never got my period, bleeding, or any sporting till 6 months after I started the shot! And even then.. My period was very light and quick. Be sure to drink a lot of milk or eat dairy to replace the calcium that gets stripped from your body by taking the shot. If you don&#039;t replace your calcium, your bones can become weak or you can experience more side effects. Just take care of yourself :)"
"I am 20 and on 750 mg of Depakote a day. Gained 10-15 pounds within the first month of taking this medication, but now my weight is remaining stable. I am eating healthier and running each day though. When I first started taking it, I was so restless/anxious, I had to pace around like mad. It took about 3 weeks to really end my mania in combination with 2 mg risperidone. I am experiencing easy bruising now. Sleeping 10 hours a night. Have an irregular period. In general I move more slowly. I am cloudy in the morning. I don&#039;t get upset with my family anymore."
"My doctor prescribed me this medication to treat my BV. I was experiencing some odor and very little discharge. He prescribed me the 3 days dose and was surprised that it only came with one syringe. Day one of insertion was horrible, the syringe is not quite handy as the pill would get stuck in the syringe. After finally inserting the dose I had felt as if burning acid had been inserted into my vagina. It was horrible, the burning did not stop until 10 min later which felt like an eternity. Second night of insertion there was still burning sensation but somewhat bearable compared to the first night. Third night was back to the burning acid feeling but so bad that I almost wanted to head in to the hospital. I do not recommend this med!"
"I am a heart patient and been taking Pradaxa for about a month now, I take 150mg twice a day. Every time I take this pill I have a severe case of acid reflux and heart burn. Nothing seems to help relieve the burning. I also have ulcers in my stomach and it always makes me feel nauseated. I had been using Coumadin since 2001 and had a lot of bruising and bleeding problems. I believe Pradaxa would be good if it wouldn&#039;t be so harsh on the stomach and esophagus."
"I&#039;ve been using it less than a week and ( fingers crossed) it seems to be working well. Noticeable difference in my eczema areas. I will continue to use this as it seems to work better than anything else non steroid that I&#039;ve tried. Hoping this will be a game changer for my skin and hope to get my son started on this too. Seems to be a great product so far."
"Hello everyone, I am going to review this medication from 6 years ago because it was the first &amp; only time I had taken it &amp; just got prescribed again today. I had blown out my right knee in 2010 bad enough to be out of work for 7 months working as a corrections officer. I weighed in pre op at 363. I am 6&#039;4&quot; tall &amp; in 4 months I lost 70+ lbs. went from 363 to 286lbs from Nov. 2010 to March 2010. In that time I injured my back had to dart pain meds &amp; the pain was so bad that I could no longer exercise. All I did was go to work &amp; come home &amp; lay In bed. From 2010 to today I now weigh 449. After a long battle of immobility &amp; depression along with pain meds, I have now made my mind up to grit my teeth and make another change. This med works."
"I had a horrible experience after being prescribed Tegretol while in the hospital to treat my bipolar disorder. Within a few days of starting it, I began experiencing the shaking, nausea, etc. but the worst was the extreme anger/irritability I started experiencing. It got to the point that I would have horrible rages and felt like I was completely losing control. I kept asking my doctor to take me off the Tegretol, but he wouldn&#039;t. During one of these rages, I ended up fracturing my wrist because I hit a door so hard. After that, he agreed to take me off of it. After talking to other patients, I found out that a lot of them had similar experiences with this uncontrollable anger. "
"I&#039;m a 47 year old who started out with 4 pumps of 1% Androgel after a few weeks my levels went from 250 to 450.  General health I felt a lot better. Noticed improvement in my energy level. I was having a very difficult time motivating and always feeling weak. My energy level has come back. After about 2-3 weeks my doctor switched me to 2 pumps of the 1.62% Androgel.  I still have my energy, but now having some of the side-effects listed.  My urination is not so good.  Short streams and much more often.  Another side-effect is my breathing.  Seem to have a heavy chest and some difficulty breathing.  I&#039;m going to see if I can go back down to the 1% gel to see if that helps."
"I have tried all the fad diets to no avail.  I&#039;ve tried over the counter weight loss pills and nothing has worked since stacker 3 original formula was banned.  I was told I would only get Adipex for 3 months.  My third check up is tomorrow and I&#039;ve lost 50lbs so far.  The pill is starting to feel like it&#039;s losing it&#039;s effectiveness.  Tomorrow I am going to start a 10 day break in hopes that when I start back up it will be as effective as the first month.  I&#039;ve got another 40 to go, so hopefully it works.  It&#039;s been great, though.  50 lbs in 2 months when nothing else helped before is very impressive.  It&#039;s nice hearing all the compliments on the weight loss too."
"Started on Pristiq one year ago. I had a slight positive change in my depression. I was able to get out of bed, shower, do some work. However, I developed OCD where I HAD to continually rub my nose or pick my scalp. After 6-7 months, I became anti-social, completely lethargic, did not dress or shower for days but sat in a chair rubbing my nose! I had no range of emotion - no anger, no joy - no feelings. The death of a good friend did not affect me. I decided to stop Pristiq - slowly - and I have had HELLISH withdrawals reducing by 25% every 2 weeks. Withdrawals included depersonalization, confusion, inability to think clearly, panic attacks, tremors, nightmares, tremors, and out of body sensations. I would NEVER recommend this drug."
"I took one pill at night.  I slept all night and all the next day.   Do not recommend.  I slept all day so don&#039;t even know if it worked for allergies.  Nowhere on the package did I see warning about sleep problem and no additional instructions in the box.  Stuck with expensive product  that I cannot use.  In my mind drowsiness is not the same as being sound asleep for over 24 hours."
"The medicine seemed to work okay.  However after two weeks of 25 mg I increased to 50 mg and after 6 days of 50mg I was admitted in the hospital with aseptic meningitis.  I didn&#039;t know at time it was from medication.  I came home restarted medication and then started with rash so stopped medication.  When I called my psych to tell him about rash and about recent hospital stay he told me Lamcital causes meningitis.  I was told to stop medication immediately."
"I use silver nitrate on all my cuts. I add it to an herbal salve that holds the silver nitrate longer on my skin. Only good side effects. No negative side effects!"
"So I developed psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis with my first pregnancy. Had patches on elbows ears face scalp and back they were small patches. But covering my whole entire elbows it was definatly painful and uncomfortable not to mention embarrassing. So after the birth of my son my rhumy put me on humira pen (eventually switched to the syringe) in 2013 it did not take full effect til almost a year later. I got off humira because I moved to a new state and had to go through insurance again. I took about 6 months to get approved now I have just started again. Hoping it will kick in faster this time. I would have rated a 10 if it didn&#039;t take so long but I will say this medicine DOES WORK give it time. "
"I took this with Paxil. The combination made me feel normal and I was able to control my anger and it helped tremendously with severe night time anxiety."
"I had an upper endoscopy and colonoscopy on May 18 and Propofol was used. Like many other comments on here, you are out in seconds. No pain or discomfort. You wake up feeling s little groggy, but that&#039;s all. No need to be frightened of any procedure if you are being put under with this drug."
"This medicine changed my life.. It made me feel well and travel freely without any anxiety stmptoms or panic attacks.. It was amazing for me.. Until suddenly i started to notice that am gaining weight. I was 53 kilograms.. And after taking remeron for three months am 78 kilograms. It made me feel hungry.. Cravings sweets, pastas, pizzaz... What ever i eat and how much will still keep me hungry.. Now it is depressing me because i gained weight and this changed how i use to look And sizes Am now on my fourth month of this medicine.. 30 mg.. And my anxiety and panic attacks are 30% back. My dr. Recomended to increase the dose to 45mg.. But i refused. Cbt is doing well.. But am depressed about this medicine.. Tried many others but got allergy"
"This medication has helped me tremendously with any public speaking/presentation I had to give in the past two-three years (and I&#039;ve had to do quite a few!). It&#039;s been the only thing that works and I take 20mg one hour before I have to present. I don&#039;t feel that overwhelming wave of anxiety and don&#039;t start getting the usual heart palpitations and physically noticeable symptoms that I normally do when I&#039;m in those sort of situations. I don&#039;t feel that it interferes with my mental state or mood (it doesn&#039;t have a mellowing effect like other things I&#039;ve tried). It&#039;s the only thing that seems to work for me at the moment. Good luck to anyone that&#039;s struggling with social anxiety!"
"I buy this insulin at for $28.88 ..the lowest price in the USA but u can only buy max 4 bottles at a time"
"Helps control allergy related inflammation of my throat and related airway. Ventolin pump seems to work better than others in delivering medication deep into throat area."
"I am a 51 yr old female 6&#039;0 tall and my weight has really ballooned in the last five years.  I started on the trial, I wanted to make sure it would work for me before I spent alot of money.  I had the headache and body aches the first two days, and I am sticking to a high protein diet as well.  I have lost 13 lbs the first two weeks!  I am pretty good at dieting but have not been able to stick to anything for a long time.  My food cravings are totally gone!  I still have an occasional headache, but that is ok I can&#039;t wait for a year to go by I really feel like this is going to work!"
"Lupron Depot 11.25mg 3 month suspension has given me my life back. I have been on this for a month and saw my doctor today. His first words were wow! It is shrinking my huge fibroids. I had constant bleeding with flooding every month. Finally Sept 8th, 2010 I hemorrhaged. I was admitted into the hospital unconscious. Thank God my husband had the presence of mind not to sign a consent form for an emergency hysterectomy. I spot rarely now and have lost 4 pant sizes because the fibroids have shrunk so much. I will take my second shot on Jan 4th, 2011 and hope it will put me in permanent menopause. I am 49 and will avoid surgery at all costs. My side effects have been mild at best. My experience has been fantastic so far."
"I have OSAH and for the couple of years before this medicine- I couldn&#039;t drive more than 1 hour, or focus at work - I would fall asleep - regardless of the amount of sleep I got at night.  My CPAP helped, but still dozed off during the day. Since Nuvigal things are better, but still have some sleepiness if I have a rough week of less than 8 hours of sleep at night. Insurance pays most, but THANK YOU to the manufacturer who helps cover a portion, or else it would be costly."
"Was prescribed Provigil in 2005 for MS fatigue,  and Fibromyalgia fatigue and brain fog. Have always used the brand name.  I take 200mg two times a day.  This gives me 8 good hours of function.  Recently switched to Generic.  Cannot even compare to the brand name. Too bad the price is out of this world for such a wonder drug.  It truly is a blessing! But who on earth can afford it!??"
"Having read the reviews, I was apprehensive about taking pill however I was so bunged up, I felt I had little choice. I spoke to my partner and he agreed to take 2 pills with me. ( so we could go through it together. We took the pills around 10pm and went to bed. I drank plenty of water as suggested. I woke up around 7am to mild cramping and I went to relieve myself. My partner then awoke after me with severe cramping. He was banging to get in the bathroom to use the toilet but I was finishing my business. The pains made him drop to the floor and he pooped his pants and on the floor. When I finally finished I came out to see him curled up on the floor in agony with poo everywhere. He was really embarrassed and will never use again"
"I had the Nexplanon for 1.5 years. For the first six months I bled almost every day. After that I would have a period every month, but that also involved a lot of spotting. Sometimes I had my period for a couple of weeks. I never knew when I was going to have mine- it was never around the same time. I noticed a change in my mood (always up and down), weight (gained), and an HUGE increase of acne. The only positive thing about having the Nexplanon was not worrying about taking a pill every single day."
"This medicine does not work for me, each time I take, it make me drowsy, but I could not sleep."
"I&#039;ve been using Cialis for about 5 years now after having problems staying hard during sex. This usually happened a few minutes before I was about to cum, so it was disappointing all round. My wife would then have to give me a flaccid hand job to make me cum. The doc prescribed cialis 10mg and the difference was immediate. I try to take the 10mg pill at least 1 hour before sex, but really the medicine works 36 to 48 hours later, so you can quite easily take one in the morning if your not too sure when you will require an erection that day. I noticed someone said here that they got hard just looking at a hot woman, well that does not happen with me, my penis needs direct stimulation, but the reaction is strong and immediate."
"I had tried a number of different prescription meds before Effexor, none of which seemed to help.  I can honestly say this worked the best, and with it I was able to get out of bed and begin to function again.  It really was one of those medications that did exactly what it was supposed to. I continued to take Effexor for three years, after which time I wanted to stop taking it and begin to manage my life without medicines.  This is when the problems began.  I can honestly say that it took me almost nine months to wean myself off Effexor.  I no longer have to take medication but would warn anyone being prescribed this that it is not an easy medicine to stop taking."
"I was originally put on Cymbalta for depression,  I was told to take it during the day which I did.  When I took the Cymbalta during the day it made me incredibly sleepy  to the point I could NOT stay awake so I discontinued it&#039;s use. Fast forward a few years and I started experiencing HORRIBLE Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy. Doctor put me on Cymbalta to try and treat the pain.  This time I took it before bed.  I didn&#039;t notice any sleepiness during the day,  and my nerve pain got better, and eventually was completely gone.  After a year of use and almost no pain at all,  I started having some &quot;break through pain&quot;.   Even though I am having &quot;break through pain&quot; after a year, the Cymbalta still makes life 100x better and I and grateful to have it!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for over 3 months now and it has been a lifesaver for me, I take three 5mg diazepam a day about every 6 hours and I no longer have the panic attacks, depression has decreased 90%, I sleep at night since my brain can finally shut down, I have hardly any horrible thoughts anymore which plagued me before always worrying that something bad would happen to my kids or family members, I also don&#039;t have to get up to go to the bathroom 4-5 times a night anymore. My Dr also started me on Lexapro 3 months ago but I haven&#039;t noticed any effects from taking it since the diazepam is so helpful."
"I have severe back pain due to an injury and the hundreds of bone marrow aspirates because of my leukemia. After many drugs (more than a dozen combinations). I find Soma to be excellent at relieving the muscle spasms, pain, and it also releaves anxiety similar to benzos and helps me sleep like no other medicine. I also take OxyContin with it and that is what keeps me stable and going throughout the day."
"After being diagnosed with PMS my doctor prescribed Sertraline on a cyclical basis. I take the tablets two weeks before my period and I can honestly say they have saved my life. I remember being so shocked when my period started for the first time on them because I hadn&#039;t had any of that awful build up of anger, depression and frustration. It was like a lead weight had lifted off my shoulders. I felt normal again."
"I have been on this medication for 11 years. It regulates the PVC%u2019s and PAC&#039;s, and slows the PSVT episodes that I get 1-2 times per year. Before this medication I always had irregular heart beats due to PAC&#039;s and PVC&#039;s and I was always tired and weak. As soon as I started using this medication I had a lot more energy. The only down fall, is that I always feel hot/humid even when its not hot/humid."
"I started taking Celexa about five months ago and let me tell you, my life is finally normal. I had been suffering from depression and anxiety since I was 13 and it got significantly worse over the course of five years until I was crying and enraged over anything and everything. I could not think straight. Even when I knew I was getting mad over something small, I could not control my anger. I am currently taking 20 mg of Celexa and experiencing no side effects. I am completely back to normal on this medicine. I can think straight and I am happy!"
"I was 61 before experiencing anxiety.  It happened when I quit smoking (2 packs a day).  If I smoked, the anxiety stopped.  I wanted to quit smoking very badly.  I quit 5 months ago. I take 1/2 dose of Alprazolam as needed, usually twice a day.  No side effects.  I could not have quit smoking without it.  Hopefully, I can wean off the alprazolam gradually over time."
"I am a 46-year-old woman that suffers from severe allergies and severe asthma since I was 12. I have been take the generic singular forever. It does nothing for me. I only take because both my pcp and pulmonologist insist I take it.  
            I am miserable everyday. I still have to take a generic form on actives to get any relief. None of the others help either . Zyrtec, Allegera, and Claritan are worthless for me too.
I am happy for anyone this drug helps. It is worthless to me.:-("
"Please just get the diflu one time pill. This egg made me cry for hours, I cussed my girlfriend out while itching and burning. I felt like life would be better if I just died. It started to ease up after a few hours but the itch never went away. Oh and the cream that comes with it.. don&#039;t even try to use that!!! It makes EVERYTHING worse. It only sucks because some ppl either don&#039;t have insurance, or this life ruining infection creeps up on the weekend when u can&#039;t go to your obgyn. Females should be able to get the pill from the pharmacy just as well as they can get a plan b because these creams and eggs are a set up."
"The reason I gave it an eight is not that it does a thing for my anxiety due too an MVA. I gave it an eight because I take two 25mg at night which helps me sleep."
"Hydrocodone (either in the form of Lortab or Tussionex) is the ONLY thIng that works for my cough. I was diagnosed with asthma as a child and I ALWAYS have problems with a chronic cough when I get sick. I&#039;ve been taking everything imaginable for the past 3 days to try and calm the cough so I can sleep- Robitussin, Delsym, Cheratussin AC (yes! even codeine didn&#039;t work!), Asmanex and Albuterol. I had to go to the ER tonight and BEG the doctor for it since I&#039;m not in any pain. He didn&#039;t believe me when I told him hydrocodone is the only thing that works for my cough. He said its just a myth... but here I am, 45 minutes later without the coughing!"
"My doctor prescribed me 50 mg of this medication.  It worked for the first 3 days, now it doesn&#039;t work at all. I contacted my doctor and she said my body has to get use to it. What does that suppose to mean. Do any one have any suggestions on what I should do?"
"Been taking this for a year and my body never regulated to it. I spotted through almost the whole pack, every single time. Sexual intercourse became painful for me. This has personally been the worst experience with birthcontrol for me. I thought it would have been nice having a 91 day cycle, but given that I have bled through over 65 days of it, it is just absolutley not worth it."
"I used opiates for 3  years after my son was born. I struggled with everyday life, even making food or changing diapers if I didn&#039;t have some sort of opiate first thing in the morning. I was spending most of our money on drugs, and my baby was seeing me sick day after day... (He was ALWAYS taken care of, that was never an issue)... I finally had enough of trying to scheme doctors into giving me painkillers... I was sick of hard earned money going up my nose... I was an addict and I needed to just admit it already!! I found a methadone clinic very close to my home and made the appointment January 2015. I am almost a yr clean and happier than ever! I work everyday and take care of my family with no problem! Methadone saved my life, no doubt!!"
"I was on Klonopin for 12 years and prior to that Xanax for 13. For a total of 25 years on Benzodiazapines. I was forced to stop taking Klonopin abruptly after 25 years. I had to change from an excellent health plan to MediCal. Gov. funded healthcare. The county in which I live in California does not believe in the use of Benzodiazapines for ANYTHING!! Although It was not my choice to come off, this did not matter to the Drs that were &quot;taking care&quot; of me. There was tapering of cutting down. I went from 3 mg a day to 0. I started having derealization and depresonalization from the onset at 22 hours without the medication. This was terrifying!! I have no idea what this felt like. I check myself into a county Psych ER which was the worst thing d"
"I&#039;m 26 and have suffered from severe spots since my early teens.
I&#039;ve been using this cream for around 3 weeks now. 
I had quite severe spots on my chin that would become really sore. My Dr gave me duac along with tablets to take for 6 weeks. I&#039;ve noticed such a massive improvement already and I&#039;ve got so much more confidence. 
It does dry your skin but I&#039;ve started using cleanser and a cleansing oil after washing my face and I&#039;ve got no dry skin.
Only apply to areas that need it because it can make your face really red and itchy. 
Overall I think it&#039;s brilliant I&#039;m so glad I finally went to my Dr "
"I&#039;ve had scalp psoriasis for 20 years and this is the only thing that works for me. Tar shampoo can be effective but not if it takes me an hour to comb out my hair after....(I have long think hair). Elocon lotion works instantly! I will say that it stings if you have an open sore from scratching but if you use it regularly it makes an amazing difference. I would suggest the lotion over the cream for scalp psoriasis. I&#039;m sure the cream would work better for your body."
"I am bone on bone in my knee and was in a lot of pain. Had not been able to walk easily for several months. I felt so much better after taking 2  doses I was shocked. After three days I feel better than I have before I had the surgery that ended up making my knee worse than before. My only complaint is having to take three doses a day and it makes me very sleepy. I&#039;ve tried prescription aleve and meloxicam and had stomach issues from both and I&#039;m allergic to something in Celebrex. I feel like this medicine is a godsend."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for about three months and I&#039;ve had worse periods than usual, I&#039;ve gained 30 pounds and have broken out very bad! My experience with this birth control has been horrible!"
"I was weary about taking Saphris, but it immediately helped with feelings of anxiety and depression.  I feel more confident now and my thinking is less muddled."
"I am very satisfied taking Lamictal 100mg daily. For the last two years from my most recent manic attack, I have not experienced any bad side effects about the pill.

Unlike Depakote and Seroquel, it gave me a massive weight gain. 
Lamictal is good for people if you are not getting any rashes. 

I give this drug a rating of 9 for its efficacy."
"I received the depo shot right after I had essure surgery to block my tubes, in 2006. I got my period about two weeks later and I never stopped bleeding for 3 months. I saw my doctor and she put me on hormone therapy, did a D&amp;C and I still continued to bleed. By this time I was going through pads every hour. I had to get up at night and change the bed sheets. I was sent to the lab to have my blood drawn. My red blood cell count was at 18%. Normal count for an adult woman is 31-34%. I was sent immediately to the hospital where I had two blood transfusions and a hysterectomy. To this day my doctor doesn&#039;t know why I bled so much. I keep telling her it was the depo shot and she continues to say I don&#039;t think that was it. Don&#039;t Get the shot."
"I just started on this medication today I&#039;m 29 5&#039;6&quot; 205 lbs I recently had a beautiful baby girl in August. More than any other reason I want to lose some weight to be healthy for my daughter. I took the pill at 9 am and incorporating a strict diet. I am feeling some nausea, dizziness and a slight headache so I&#039;m hoping that with some otc meds to counteract the side effects this will work. I will update."
"I started taking this med when I gained 20 lbs in 3 months. It has been amazing. I feel great and in two weeks I have lost 16 lbs. I can not wait to see what the coming weeks/months bring. I will update monthly. 

Starting weight: 6/20/17: 324
1 Week: 6/27/17: 317
2 weeks: 7/5/17: 308"
"I&#039;ve tried Effexor, buspirone, and lexapro with no change in how I felt. I started taking Prozac last night and can already feel an amazing difference. I&#039;m happy. I have energy... I actually WANT to participate in things. I&#039;ll update more once I&#039;m on the medication longer, but so far I feel great."
"I&#039;m 52, in good shape, no health problems, and just noticed a little lower performance in the sack, and thought I&#039;d try something to get my mojo back (LOL). My doctor recommended Cialis. I was shocked to pay $230 for 6 pills! Wheew!. My doctor recommended to cut them in half, and try half dosage. Well, I&#039;m a cheapo, so, cut them into thirds. 1/3 actually did quite well, no side effects, brought my mojo back and worked fine on day two as well."
"Was prescribed this at around 16-17 yrs old, for social and generalized anxiety. It did work well, but the excessive sweating and my father&#039;s anti-med nagging made me try and quit. I had only been taking it for like 5 months and I felt like I&#039;d been addicted for years. Brain zaps, constant lethargy, extreme and unwarranted moods; these symptoms lasted an entire month, despite my short usage time. 

I&#039;m upset that this was the first thing they tried, on a 17 yr old complaining about social anxiety and the occasional panic attack... That month was the worst I&#039;ve ever felt, if I wasn&#039;t a teen without responsibilities or took it for longer, I don&#039;t think I could&#039;ve ever gotten off of it. Read withdrawal stories before starting Paxil."
"I&#039;ve been taking desoxyn for 6 yrs now for ADHD and TRD (treatment resistant depression). Before this I had been mostly bed bound for nearly twenty years due to severe depression until I switched pdocs.  I am SO glad I did! Now when I wake up in the morning I have hope, and now I am actually happy to be alive.  Long ago I tried ritalin, but had only bad effects.  I&#039;m no longer a burden to my family! The day I started it was like a switch turned on and life turned around. I graduate from college soon and even have a fiance and friends. Unbelievable! I tried so many things (inc ECT) before this drug and can&#039;t understand why this wasn&#039;t tried FIRST? If you have been suffering like me beg your doctor for this.  I hope this helps someone."
"Done deal. Works great if you are committed."
"I take 15mg phent. daily after breakfast, plus 25mg tenuate (3x day).  Started 6 wks ago, lost 12 lbs in first 2 wks, my diet mostly veggies /chicken, some berries or watermelon for snacking.  I walked for 15-20 min/ day.  It diminished my appetite, easy to avoid sweets.  Lost only 2lbs following 2 wks, and remained the same the following 2 wks.  It affected my already poor sleep, &amp; having more severe headaches, dry mouth &amp; light sensitivity. I&#039;m more tired, constant ringing in ears now; should I stop Tenuate &amp; double dose of Fentermine only? Where&#039;s energy I should have? My Fibro knots in back/shoulders came back; discouraged.   Need to get back with Doc for advice to continue weight loss."
"I just finished a package of Safyral yesterday, and so far I&#039;ve had no weight gain, my acne has cleared up some, and my period came when it was supposed to. However, I have had spotting all through the first month, which the doctor said was normal so I have no complaints other than one really big one. While being on this pill I have had serious depression. I&#039;m always moody, crying and sad. I am so sad that I have no appetite, no desire to go out, I&#039;m never happy. In fact, I get raging angry sometimes and I can not control any of this. I am hoping that this side effect goes away soon."
"I&#039;ve been taking Geodon for a few years now. I&#039;m supposed to take 180 mg At night. But instead of knocking me out I&#039;m restless and feel like I&#039;m going to crawl out of my skin. So I take 80mg. in the morning and evening along with Zoloft, Vistril, and Klonopin a cocktail that makes me slumber for over twelve hours a day. My mood all the time unless triggered is &quot;numb&quot;."
"Have been taking this for about 2 months now. The first few weeks I was tired and kept getting back and leg cramps at night. My feet are cold a lot now, but my blood pressure is great, I&#039;m no longer tired and I haven&#039;t had any cramps. It definitely took a few weeks to get used to, but it&#039;s worth it now."
"I take ONLY 10mg a day and It works for my nausea also. My biggest fear was/is the Tardive Dyskinesia. After my Esophagectomy I was prescribed it three times a day, and I didn&#039;t take it. I suffered a while longer and then just took one every other day or so and now even a few days in a row taking it and I&#039;ve been fine."
"Was using Butrans 20 dose.  Chronic joint pain since childhood.  Was using  Hyrdocodone and Gabapentin.  Patch was amazing at controlling pain from day 1.  Lost 5 lbs due to stomach uneasiness, loss of appetite.  I had no marks at patch sites.  At 7 weeks every spot where a patch had been used erupted in blisters.  It was very odd and now 2 weeks later the red spots are finally receding.  Pain control 100%, stomach and bowel issues manageable.  "
"In 7 yrs of going through every painkiller known to man my pain management doc finally found a combination that works very well for me and gave back some of my life. My combination is Fentanyl 25 and Norco 10/325 for breakthrough pain. I have practically no side effects and does very well at managing my pain 24/7. I can function up to 4 hrs before the pain levels start to rise and have to stop. My issues are severe lower back pain from degenerative and bulging disks L 3-6. Both hips broken and severe osteoarthritis, same for right knee. My right Achilles tendon was torn up by a dog resulting in every infection including MRSA and Cellulitis. Multiple surgery&#039;s and 18 months to close. Now very painful and always a burning pain. This combination knocks out 90%."
"I posted on 05/22/2017. This is an update. 
It&#039;s been almost 3 months since I had Skyla inserted. I stopped spotting after about 5-6 weeks. PMS symptoms are still more intense than before the IUD. My periods on Skyla are lighter than my &quot;usual&quot; ones, but they have become longer and last 8-10 days now. Cramps are sharper and less predictable. I never had to diet, remained in the same weight/size for the past 10+ years and returned to my pre-pregnancy shape within weeks. However, on Skyla I&#039;m constantly hungry (as if I&#039;m pregnant, but I&#039;m not) and have gained 4 pounds already.
Skyla is a keeper for me unless I cannot control my appetite or other symptoms become untolerable."
"I use to get bladder infections all the time but this time was BY FAR the worst I&#039;ve ever experienced. I managed to get myself into a walk-in and they prescribed me macrobid. The first pill I took -- along with cranberry juice, made me feel 80% better. By the third day taking macrobid, I felt 100% better. Definitely take it with a meal though, I took it with something small because I was in a rush and I felt very weak and nauseous."
"Started taking 5mg for one week, "
". Tried compounded synthethetic T4 and T3.(the synthetic drug minus all additives, dyes etc.-prepared by a compounding pharmacy and  the pure drug is put into a clear capsule)

Then tried Armour--much better

Lastly tried WP Thyroid. This is a fantastic thing.."
"Had atrial fibrillation since 1995. Ocurred once or twicw e a month severe enough to cause me to rest with my body at 45 deg for a couple of hours till it passed. Was on amiodarone and metaprolol. Stopped the beta blockers 2 years ago in favour of flecainide acetate. Have not had a single episode of unusual rythms."
"I had been taking YAZ for the past two years and my doctor decided to put me on Gianvi. I have been taking it for the past two months and so far everything is fine except the fact that I now have horrible acne. I never really had acne problems before taking Gianvi. I decided to wait out this next month to see if there will be any change, if not then I will stop using it and try something else. I will write back at the end of the month for an update."
"After first use I see improvement I&#039;ll update later"
"Viagra doesn&#039;t work its rubbish and gimmicks....."
"I have had Implanon since March of 2010. I experienced a lot of pain in the first few weeks, as well as constant bleeding. I get my period for 3 weeks straight it seems, and I have a week to a week and a half break. I kept telling myself that I would give it time; however with all of this &quot;time&quot;, as it is now October, I am ready to relieve myself of Implanon. Yes, it is convenient that I do not have to take a pill or receive a shot; however it is not worth the constant bleeding, and pains, and headaches. Everyone is different, but I have decided Implanon is not for me."
"So this is my 90 day review I  had my Liletta  inserted 4/28/17. It took me a week to start bleeding after I got it installed since then I have yet to stop bleeding. It was heavy spotting for the first 2 months, and the past month its been flowing like a river. I&#039;ve  been going through a pack of pads per day. I gained 13 lbs... after just 3 weeks. I&#039;ve since lost the weight with diet and exercise. My biggest concern is the bleeding, I just want it to stop. I&#039;ve also developed a cyst on my right ovary since taking this. I&#039;m going to talk to my doctor about other birth control options. I will give it another  month but thats it. "
"I wouldn&#039;t even give this medication a 1 if I had a choice. I had my first DVT at 16 yrs old and just suffered another one at 21 years old a few months ago. I was prescribed the Xarelto pill and, 3 weeks later, suffered such severe internal bleeding as well as hemorrhaging externally that I almost bled to death. Luckily, the doctors performed 3 emergency surgeries that saved my life. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this medication to any females since I have yet to hear a bad case happening with males (but I could be wrong)."
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil for about 8 years now. I take 10 mg a day. Paxil gave me my life back. I was incapacitated by fear before I started taking it. My panic disorder had progressed over 14 years to the point that I was afraid to go in other people&#039;s cars, to drive on the expressway, to fly in planes, of meetings at work, and the list goes on. Now after 8 years, I am capable of doing all those things. I&#039;m still not crazy about flying but I do it. I don&#039;t think about what I&#039;m afraid of all the time. It doesn&#039;t cross my mind anymore to be afraid. Only rarely. The only downside it the weight gain and memory issues."
"I used neupro in the past for my restless legs and it went badly and I had to get off of it. But years later I&#039;m on the 2mg. Now that I understand my condition better and know that some triggers like my blood sugar will make my legs act up regardless of the medicine make it a lot easier. This medicine is god sent you literally feel all the muscles relax and the bad sensations leave all at once I&#039;m so grateful for the sleep I&#039;m getting. Only thing is the patch burns when hot water touches it I usually take it off before a shower and only wear it at night. Best medicine out for RLS right now! Also make sure you get the coupon from neupro.com because it is pricey."
"Works great, don&#039;t miss a dose! Helps a lot with pain."
"Had symptoms such as swollen gland on my neck, sore throat. Doctor prescribed amoxicillin 500mg (to be taken every 8 hrs) Got so much better after three days, after taking amoxicillin! 
But do keep in mind, if you have any symptoms such as rashes, stomach upset or nausea, stop taking amoxicillin because you might be allergic to this antibiotic."
"I had protected sex but we thought the condom may have broken so we went to the pharmacy and took the pill within 2 hours of having sex. Even though the condom may have not broken the wait was too long. I got my period 3 days late and it is more painful than usual but definitely worth taking the precaution just in case."
"I have the implant and we&#039;ll I hate it , I have periods that are all over the place I will be on for a month , I also feel like a baby  is moving in my stomach,  breast tenderness badly to the point I can&#039;t take my bra off without being in tears,  I also have bad headaches and have gained weight I get spots on a regular basis now and have period pain that&#039;s so bad it feels like I&#039;m in labour I don&#039;t know what to do someone help."
"I was prescribed Pregablin for GAD. Initial dose of 300mg per day which was increased to 600mg per day after 8 weeks. No effect/changes in anxiety. The phyciatrist I was under left the hospital I was therefore allocated a new phyciatrist who told me medication was not the answer it was all about CBT. I started to focus my attention on how I could help myself and not rely on medication, taking therapy serious and not relying on medication has turned my life around. 3 months on I no longer take Pregablin (no withdrawal symptoms) I have finished my course of CBT and feel better than I have done for a long time. I live in the U.K."
"I&#039;m 38 and I&#039;ve been on Pristiq for about 3 weeks now. The depression has lifted, but I still have anxiety. I take Norvasc for high blood pressure (my blood pressure has been controlled for years).  My blood pressure feels like it is getting higher as I am on this drug. I was having wine at night on this drug, but I am going to stop doing that and maybe it will lower my blood pressure. I really don&#039;t want to stop taking Pristiq. I&#039;ve lost 5 pounds. I&#039;m starting to worry about going to the Doctor all the time to &quot;change my medicines&quot;.  I feel like I&#039;ve tried so many.  I just want to feel NORMAL for a change.  "
"MY DEAR GOD!!!  This is the worst experience my vagina&#039;s had since 2011, when it pushed out an 8lb kid!!  I&#039;m currently spending the week at a beach resort with my family, and on day 3, realized I was getting a yeast infection from all the time spent in the water.  Since I&#039;m 10 states away from my Dr, I popped into the local pharmacy here to grab Monistat 1.  As soon as I inserted this monstrosity of a cream, the burning/itching/pain intensified to unholy levels.  It&#039;s been four hours of hell!!  I&#039;m now sitting here in the living room of my hotel, straddling an ice pack, hoping that this stops.  My poor poor vagina!!!"
"I have been on different types of birth control for the past 10 years and I&#039;ve never had so many problems as I&#039;ve had with Tri Sprintec. I had my first anxiety attack after day 2 of taking Tri Sprintec and now I&#039;m 5 days in and have such bad abdominal pain and bloating that I can barely walk. I&#039;ve also experienced fatigue and definitely a difference in my overall mood. I know birth control affects each woman differently but I would definitely."
"I was prescribed tamiflu Tuesday evening, took my first dose shortly after getting home from doc. I ate a small meal as it said to but nonetheless an hour or two later I was throwing up, felt horrible. I stopped taking this medication after the one dose and the next day I felt better. I hate this medication and will not take again."
"Took Flagyl and Cipro together - felt worse than I did before - all the side effects everyone is mentioning.  However, the alternative - raging infection - not really an option.   

Taking my diet seriously moving forward."
"I had antibiotics before this but had infection so doc gave me this after speaking to the hospital  please Stay away from this !!! I had worse experience ever , I was taking 2 a day on my 4th day it was hell I took one in the morning about 1pm ish I had this bad pain above my belly button like camps . Kept running to the loo on the second run I broke up in sweat , light headed , sickly feeling I felt like it was over for me . My mother had wet some cold towels and wrap me up to cool me down,  I had pins and needles in my arms legs .I started cooling down And then the chills came On still  running to loo and got to the point that I had take Imodium tablets to stop this which worked . Im still feeling cold and light headed ."
"I love this medication, I have been so ashamed to go out and be around any one scared that someone would notice the stains on my shirt from the sweat. I have been using Drysol for about 2 months now and I can&#039;t explain how happy I am to be in my own skin, just being around people made me feel like an outsider. Not only did my armpit stop sweating the medication has made my body stop sweating as well. Good by night sweats. I am ready and able to be using this for the rest of my life. Thank you so much Drysol.  Life saver."
"Hello ladies! As like everyone else I&#039;m here to share my story to help ease some minds. I had unprotected sex on June 11 at about 4 or 5 in the morning. I took the pill on June 12 at approximately 11:30am, so a little over 24 hours but under 48. I had no symptoms at all, absolutely nothing. No bloating, spotting or stomach cramps. I was supposed to start my period on June 19. (Keep in mind I track my period so I wasn&#039;t ovulating or supposedly fertile at the time we had sex). Here I am on June 20th writing this review because I just Started my period earlier in the day, my period was only a day late. Plan B does it&#039;s job. Try not to stress because stressing does no good. Good luck everyone "
"I  have no more nightmares or side effects it as if i am normal again. i take 2 10mg a day and thank god it does not make me high"
"I started taking Accutane about 1 month ago and my big stick out zits have gone flat. Although I still have a lot of red spots my face it is for the most part completely smooth. I would recommend this product to anyone who&#039;s tried everything and hasn&#039;t gotten an effective treatment. I&#039;m a 14 year old boy and I&#039;ve been dealing with acne for 5 years. Nothing helped. I tried so many different topical, oral and store bought products its crazy! I know how depressing it is to have acne in middle school and I&#039;m so thankful I found this before high school. But even with a great product comes a down side, such as chapped lips, dry eyes, dry skin, irritability, and depression. Other than that I&#039;m in love with Accutane!"
"This medication is the best for taking the severe pain out of my head. I was told I get cluster headaches and I&#039;m glad to get this medication to help with the intense pain. My Insurance Co. will NOT help cover this so I have to pay all out of pocket. My last employers Insurance company paid most of it with me paying $40.00 out of pocket. "
"I am a 23 year old female. My entire life I have tested highly, been in advanced classes, had a full scholarship through college, but my grades were always a struggle. I felt like I had to work so much harder than everyone else just to keep my B grades. I was disorganized, forgetful, irritable, and pretty desolate. I felt like I was drowning.
I have taken medication for depression and anxiety since I was in high school - everything from Wellbutrin, to Xanax, to Prozac. I graduated from college in four years with a mediocre GPA, but with many awards. Finally my new doctor actually listened when I spoke, and she agreed that we try a course of medication for ADHD. I am on my second week of Vyvanse and am a new, happy, functioning person."
"After taking Savella I was basically in bed for 3 weeks feeling so cold I had to stay under 3 blankets.  My hands and feet were like ice.  I would get a tingling sensation through the inside of my body and felt so cold I would shiver. When I did get out of bed and, for example, go to the store, I would break out in sweats that made my hair look like I just got out of the shower and all my makeup came off.  I had at least one night a week of insomnia where I couldn&#039;t get to sleep until dawn. I had very disturbing, vivid nightmares.  I had no positive effects from this medicine.  I&#039;ve had fibromyalgia for 16 years and decided to go back on Lyrica as I had no side effects from it. "
"I had the Mirena put in March of 2008 after I had my daughter. I was 32 years old. No complaints other than in the beginning I swear I could feel it inside me. That went away. I did gain some weight. Occasional very light spotting. I never had a period until the past few months.  The Doctor said that&#039;s because the Mirena is running out of the hormones. My period lasts 2 weeks (just a pantyliner), and a week off. Getting my new Mirena next week. I would highly recommend this birth control."
"So I haven&#039;t really been on this brand of the pill for long however it has been a horrible experience. A little background I have been on another brand of birth control before but went off of it and instead was put on this one. After a week I started experiencing so many horrible things. First was acne, my skin is usually clear but this made me breakout a lot. However the worst part of it all is the mood swings and emotions. I cry for absolutely no reason and just feel sad. I&#039;m usually not like this but now even talking to someone will make me burst out in tears and based on other reviews I see I&#039;m not alone. In terms of not getting pregnant if used correctly it does the job but to me it&#039;s just not worth it."
"I just started Nucynta ER I took the first dose at bedtime could not sleep the entire night, had some upset stomach, that&#039;s the bad side, I have 3 damaged disc in my neck and 3 damaged disc in my lower back, so I have a great amount of pain but from the first dose pain didn&#039;t stop completely but was greatly improved I don&#039;t know if this medication helps with anxiety but it gave me a sense of calm, didn&#039;t sleep but felt very relaxed, my cost after insurance and a coupon was only 25.00."
"I&#039;ve been on the necon 1/35 for almost 2 months now. I am definitely experiencing the breast tenderness &amp; enlargement. The tenderness is so bad right now I feel squeezed while wearing a bra so I don&#039;t wear one while I&#039;m at home. I have also been experiencing mood swings and crying spells. Dizziness occasionally too. I&#039;m calling my doctor&#039;s office tomorrow because bigger breasts isn&#039;t worth all this!"
"I am 26 years old and very sexually active with my partner. My doctor started my on this pill because of breakthrough bleeding I was having in between periods. I only tried this pill for 2.5 months and did not like it. I had breakthrough bleeding more often than before, extreme fatigue at the start of the 3rd month. I experienced extreme fatigue/dizziness and normal period like symptoms; heavy bleeding, painful cramping and bloating when I wasn&#039;t supposed to be having a period. Also, sometime during the 2nd pack of pills I had a horrible acne outbreak that I couldn&#039;t figure out. It was very frustrating that I was having so many in-between periods when that was the reason I started taking the pill."
"Started farxiga was already on metformin XR. At first I lost weight, blood sugars stayed the same, now increasing. Sugar levels stay high for some time. I have an increased thirst and frequent urination. Been on it for about a year. Now I have gained weight, suffered dehydration a couple times had to have an IV of fluids. A1c is climbing started out at 8.1 now 8.9. I woke up this morning with upper left quadrant pain. For the past two weeks have had smelly urine, almost acidic. Swelling of eyes and crusty eyelids. Hives on neck. Got tested for lupus was negative. Going to see the doctor as soon as I can get an appointment. Going to stop taking this med, now! I stopped and all side effects stopped. Thought I would give it a try one more time."
"After trying about 10 different medicines this one has been the best."
"I have had psoriasis for 20 years,  on my scalp and body.  I have tried every cream,  ointment,  pill and quite a few shots. So when my doctor suggested trying Cosentyx,  I wasn&#039;t exactly thrilled to have to give myself shots again. But I tried it and after just the first month I could finally see my knees, I didn&#039;t have to apply and creams, ointments or scalp oils. Every last bit of my psoriasis was cleared, 100%, I couldn&#039;t believe my eyes , I  was amazed!!!! 20 years of putting on scalp oil, with a shower cap on and going to bed embarrassed next to my husband, and now I can get out of the shower, style my hair and go,  NO MORE SHOWER CAPS!!  I know every medicine works differently for every person,  but you have to give it a try!"
"Works great!"
"My dermatologist gave me a sample to try on my arms for keratosis pilaris rubra (I also have mild rocasea on my face). I was amazed at how quickly the redness on my arms disappeared. Usually I do a lot of research before trying new products, especially those that are prescription and not life saving. Unfortunately this time I was in a rush to leave home and didn&#039;t. Approximately 24 hours later both arms went beet red. They burned for hours. Finally the redness subsided but it happened again about 24 hours after that (only one arm this time). I was not in contact with any normal triggers i.e. sun, alcohol, etc. After one application the rebound occurred. How long before it goes back to normal?"
"I have been taking Lortabs for 2 1/2 years and it works for my headaches."
"I am on my second week of Sprintec. I started taking these because I already have the Paragard IUD and it was giving me heavy periods, cramping before, during, and after periods, and I also had very thick stringy discharge. My doctor put me on Sprintec temporarily because the extra boost of hormones should help my condition. So far, the side effects have been minor. I noticed it is starting to help with my acne, and my discharge has thinned but it also has an odor. Almost immediately after taking a pill, I get dry mouth and start to get hungry. Eating small meals or skipping meals is not an option after taking it. If I don&#039;t eat a decent sized meal to calm my hunger, I get weak with nausea. I also get somewhat jittery."
"I have been on Tegretol XR for about 3 weeks now for Trigeminal Neuralgia. I take 100 mg 2x a day. It took like two days for it to work. I only start to have pain from the attacks when I&#039;m due for my next dose. And it&#039;s not nearly as bad. The only problem is that I&#039;m already on pregabalin for fibromyalgia, so the Tegretol added makes me totally out of it. I can&#039;t remember things, I&#039;m double drowsy all day, I zone out, and I don&#039;t like that it has negative interactions with about 500 medications including Tylenol, which I usually take for breakthrough pain because ibuprofen doesn&#039;t work on me. So overall, it helps but I really hope I don&#039;t have to take this for a long period of time."
"I just picked up Belviq over the weekend and I can say that I noticed a big change in my appetite. It&#039;s as if I have no energy to eat more than I have to and my stomach feels more full sooner into the meal so I eat less. Now I have tried many diets, many weight loss supplements without success so I was skeptical. Belviq is different. Instead of messing with your metabolism, it focuses on the appetite center and nothing more. I have had no side effects! Unlike the others I have tried in the past such as anxiety, nervousness, headaches, palpitations. I&#039;m motivated to finally lose that 30 lbs my doctor keeps yelling at me about!"
"I started Buspar because I was having anxiety with the horrendous pain from gallbladder attacks. I started out at 7.5 for three days and then was supposed to advance to 15 mg.  During the week of starting this, I had to have an emergency surgery for my gallbladder.  When I was finally able to take this consistently, I found that I suffered from insomnia, felt restless and nervous, dizzy, and down right horrible. I have taken it less than a week and I have an appointment to see the doctor tomorrow.  If I stop taking this, will I have withdrawal symptoms?  Or should I do this gradually?  My gallbladder symptoms are gone and my body feels great after the surgery.  Any suggestions?"
"My 19 year old son has been on Accutane for 4 months now. His face is much clearer but his 2nd month blood test showed his blood triglyceride levels had jumped from 120 to 730 (that&#039;s really high and bad). It&#039;s a rare side effect that tends to happen to people who may be genetically predisposed to diabetes and high cholesterol. He changed his diet from mostly junk food to a low fat, low sugar one so he could continue on Accutane, and his doctor put him on medication. Two weeks later and 10 pounds lighter his blood triglycerides were down to 65. His face continues to improve, he feels great, and has learned to really enjoy healthy eating. Moral: get those blood tests. The life you save may be your own."
"I have been on this BC for over a year and I have no complaints. No acne, weight gain, or pregnancies.  My breasts grew a cup. Periods are lighter. I cramp worse but it&#039;s nothing I can&#039;t handle. I love it."
"I was put on amoxicillin for abscessed tooth and it helped but did not completely clear the infection.  Am on Flagyl now and I feel better than I have in years. Instead of sleeping ten hours a night I am sleeping about six and yet I have more energy than I have ever had.  I feel so good right now that I would like to take this forever.  My fibromyalgia is in remission and the chronic fatigue is gone.  This is an awesome. I wonder if the really bad side effects for other patients is because they are allergic to it, or this antibiotic is just not the right one for the infection that they have (and are they staying away from fermented sugars/alcohol?)."
"I have been on Losartan 50mg once daily for a week now.  The only side effects I am experiencing is facial flushing.  My cheeks feel like they are on fire and are really red.  I have also notice a slight mood change and I am itchy on my arms.....  I am going to consult my doctor and see if I should be concerned."
"I was given choromycetin when I was 15 years old. 
It was considered an experimental drug at the time. 
I ended up with red petechiae (distinctive red rash) all over. 
Saw a hemotologist when I was 18. 
Had a bone marrow test done. 
Declared thrombocytopenia and idiopathic thrombocytopenia drug induced. 
It has been devastating for me. 
Many healing drugs given to me has had large consequences on my life. 
It has been a life -long process of convincing untrained doctors of my condition. 
Most doctors weren&#039;t born when this drug came on the market. 
Therefore they are ignorant of any complications!!!!!!!!!
I am 66 years old. 
I now have been declared with a new title. Life-threatening Autoimmune hemolytic anemia. 
They have given me prednisone and Ritoxan. 
Not helping much."
"I&#039;ve got strep throat probably about 4 times in the last 12 months, I&#039;ve usually got Amoxicillin for strep (what my dr always prescribes) a couple months ago when I got strep throat, I went to my dr and it was after hours so I seen someone I never seen before. She gave me a steroid shot for swelling and also a antibiotic shot, prescribed cefdinir two times daily for ten days. It worked great! I felt better after two pills the first night. Well I got it again a few days ago and was prescribed cefdinir again and I&#039;m so glad because it works super fast! Better than amoxicillin in my opinion. The only side affect is diarrhea. I haven&#039;t really had it this time but I did the first time I took it. LOVE this medicine. I recommend it."
"Unreal difference.  My side effects are minimum and I&#039;m on 60 mg a day.  This is one stop shopping.  I had terrible acne--cysts everywhere.  I&#039;m 3 months in and it&#039;s almost completely gone."
"Tri-Luma is miracle in a tube I&#039;ve been struggling with dark spots for about 4 years and scars from severe acne tried every skin lighting cream you can think of and nothing works  went to a dermatologist and he prescribed tri-Luma an I saw results in less than a week. Being using it now for about  weeks an my spots completely gone.  Great product I would recommend it to everyone who struggling with dark spots. insurance doesn&#039;t cover it but can get it at Walmart for $118.00 with the result it worth every penny."
"My husband was hospitalized for 10 weeks before passing away. I could not sleep - my thoughts were spiraling and racing. I had an anxiety attack in the intensive care unit and thought I was having a heart attack. I hadn&#039;t slept in 5 days. My doctor prescribed 1 mg Ativan taken 30 mins before bedtime. What a godsend. I sleep straight for 6 hours every night. I&#039;ve tried sleeping without it and I&#039;m awake all night. I worry about tolerance. So I go without it on weekends and lay awake for two nights.  I can&#039;t wait til Sunday night so I can take the Ativan and get some sleep.   I&#039;ve been on it for 6 months now."
"I&#039;m 56. I&#039;ve been on Prozac for about 20 years. I would rather not take any medication but the reality is that, for me, there seems to be no choice. Like many who have seen their share of shrinks, I tried everything - and then everything in every combination. Prozac is the only drug that helps me.
I have been off of Prozac now for about 3 months. I tapered off very slowly. Thought I made it! But I have gone back to my old miserable self. I hit myself, hard. I want to break everything that doesn&#039;t &quot;cooperate&quot; immediately - a button, a hard-to-open package, or a pen for example. I never feel like hitting another person - just myself. I&#039;m going downstairs to begin my Prozac regimen again."
"I have suffered for 8 years been hospitalized and tried many different  meds with side effects varying and different levels of therapeutic results for my schizophrenia/bipolar disorders.  A few months ago I had a severe schizophrenic episode was hospitalized and went from a high dose of Seroquel to a high dose of Abilify.  Once home, I experienced severe muscle spasms, insane restlessness, and weight gain. I knew I could not tolerate the medication but I wasn&#039;t stable enough or even completely to a good baseline despite the high dose.  My doc introduced me to Latuda and it was a miracle pill almost immediately.  My weight continued to creep up on it but that is my only complaint. I take 20 mg with no nausea or side effects."
"I had high hopes for Belsomra. My neuro mentioned it to me last Fall and I was first in line for a prescription when it became available in ~January. Ambien CR has proven effective over the years. Clonazepam is a great occasional substitute. But Belsomra? Nothing. No impact whatsoever. 20 mg, nothing. 40 mg, nothing. I&#039;d happily pay the $100 per mon if it worked."
"My son has been on Concerta for about 4 years now. He started when he was 6 yrs and will be 11yrs in 2 weeks. He was put on this medicine starting with 18mg. Over time he was gradually put on higher dose as his age and weight increased. He is now on 54mg. Since my son has been on this medicine he has developed seizures because Concerta lowers the seizure threshold. He was diagnosed last year 2010. He has paranoia, fearfulness, psychosis, headaches, nervousness, aggression, mood swings, trouble going to sleep, and doesn&#039;t want to eat a lot. He has had suicidal thoughts and depression."
"20 pound weight gain in 3 months"
"Singulair causes symptoms in children that look like ADHD or ADD. It causes irritability, aggression, impulsivity, and hyperactivity in children. Before you treat your child for ADHD, try switching to an allergy or asthma medicine that isn&#039;t this or a corticosteriod"
"I&#039;ve had severe symptoms of PTSD for years. My mind/body disconnect, along with feeling very unsafe most of the time was a huge problem in my life. I became afraid to go out. I was afraid of people. 

I was placed on lamotrigine and was tritiated slowly to avoid the rash. I got to the 100mg mark and I feel like a new person. My fear had dimmed significantly and my mind actually listens when I go through the CBT steps to reduce anxiety. 

I could not be more grateful. It makes life less about suffering and more about living."
"I&#039;ve been on carvedilol for 6 months, in conjunction with lisinopril, and it has worked well on lowering my blood pressure, where the lisinopril alone was barely fazing it. With no medicines my pressure was running around 200s/120s, on lisinopril alone it was only coming down to 180s/100s. Since being on carvedilol, it runs (in my opinion) a almost too low, around 90s to low 100s over 50s. This doesn&#039;t bother me so much, but occasionally, and for no reason I determine, it will either spike or plummet. It has been as high as 180/98 and as low as 86/38. THAT was scary. I also have nausea, dizziness upon standing or moving very suddenly, and nearly disabling headaches. I like what it does for my blood pressure, but not how it makes me feel."
"It took a few months for it to start to settle in, I think, but  total game changer. 6 months ago I was in an awful state due to undiagnosed OCD &amp; depression. Started going to therapy and taking prozac and now it feels like I&#039;m standing on more solid ground. I haven&#039;t felt this good in years and feel silly for my past apprehension at trying SSRIs.

Only side effects I&#039;ve noticed are I&#039;m a bit sleepy throughout the day and I&#039;m having vivid dreams most nights (never remembered my dreams before taking prozac) but no complaints about the latter. Recently bumped up to 30 mg after being on 20 for a few months to try and kick the last of the obsessive thoughts. Really couldn&#039;t recommend enough. I can only hope this keeps working."
"So, i got all 4 of my wisdom teeth out on Wednesday, July 12th, and I was completely under anestesia in a surgical center. I was not able to move my bowels after wards because of the anestesia and medicine. It&#039;s 4:00 on Friday, the 14th. I took Milk of magnesia at 3:30 and I am finally using the bathroom !! Highly recommend"
"My experience with Nexplanon was horrible and would like to share my experience, although everyone is different and what doesn&#039;t work for me might work for you or vice versa. I had the Nexplanon placed 3 months after giving birth. Before that I was happy, high sex drive (always have had high sex drive), regular periods, and overall very long life. After Nexplanon I had non stop bleeding, severe headaches, severe dizziness, severe lightheadedness, extreme fatigue and severe mood swings. I felt like I was going downhill because I felt sick all the time and extreme sadness and depression. I had it removed because I no longer felt like myself and felt like I was making bad memories on what should be my most precious moments with my family."
"Received bad second degree burns on both forearms from an accident working near a pizza oven.  Was prescribed this miracle cream and my burns healed without a trace of any lasting scars.    It&#039;s been about fifteen years, and I still can&#039;t tell exactly where I was burned!"
"I&#039;ve been taking various doses of Xanax for about 24 years, more &quot;on&quot; than &quot;off&quot; but it has been a God send. I developed severe PTSD during military service which was exacerbated by multiple sexual assaults in civilian life, and later military duty. Without this medication I don&#039;t know how I would have been able to function all these years. If you take Xanax, DO NOT attempt to combine it with Prozac. I took it and ended up in ER having a status panic episode (&quot;adrenaline storm&quot;) which I wouldn&#039;t wish on anybody. The Prozac was decreased and the Xanax increased. I haven&#039;t been able to successfully go back down to the previous low level dosage yet but we&#039;re hopeful. I got my life back the first day I took Xanax and have been doing well with it since."
"I&#039;m an adult who has taken this off and on for 4 years.  I&#039;ve always had trouble concentrating and Focalin is an effective fix.  

I do think there are minor side-effects though.  It makes me feel much more focused and less worried/panicked about what I need to do.  Unlike other though I would not say it calms me down I feel like it actually stresses me out more.  When I take this I&#039;m more serious and easily annoyed and I can&#039;t relax.  I have also found that my appetite drops off and that I don&#039;t sleep very deeply.

Overall a great medicine but for me and many ADHD people our symptoms are brought out due to simply a lack of strenuous physical exercise (1hr) every day.  When on a regular exercise and sleep schedule I do not need it."
"My cycle have been on for over 3 months so I went to the doctor. She prescribed provera. The first day after starting the medication I cramped (I&#039;m not a cramper). The cramps stopped but the bleeding never did.   About two weeks on the pill, I started bleeding really heavy and passing too many clots then I came research. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this drug to anyone."
"I an 18 this is my 3rd birth control I tried in a year, Did the job but I definitely noticed a lower sex drive and feeling super emotional. Crying at the thought of things and became super sensitive. I&#039;m hoping to switch to one that suits me better as it emotionally draining being so emotional and sensitive, which has effected my relationship time to time because everything bothers me. I can become very irritable as well. Overall not great not horrible.."
"The first few times 5, I used the patch I thought it was a godsend.however,this last time I used it on a 6 hour flight I began to have blurred vision.extreme dry mouth the scariest side effect was hallucinations. I did not know who I was or where I was thank goodness II was not traveling alone.DANGEROUS. WILL NEVER USE AGAIN!!!"
"I have been on this for 4 months initially for weight loss to reduce blood sugar. I have lost 40 pounds and 4 inches of waist.  The scale down program is amazing and frankly I would make any co pay to get this result rather than take diabetes meds. I am wearing clothing I haven&#039;t worn in over 10 years. My only side affect is constipation which is slowly subsiding and hot flashes/sweating so I walk around with hankies.  On the whole this drug is amazing. I am more active and focused and less moody too."
"Caused severe insomnia for the first two weeks, which went away. No other side effects. Does require blood tests. Now 8 weeks seizure free, down from 20-25 month of complex partials and grand mals. A miracle, as long as you understand and accept the potential serious side effects."
"Started praz last December for PTSD &amp; nightmares/night terrors. Tried doses 1-6mg (as high as the psych would go). My nightmares started to slowly increase, and now, I suffer from chronic nightmares. Also started an increase in PTSD-related flashbacks &amp; hallucinations (auditory &amp; visual) Told the psych, and she had me stop it entirely, and I cannot shake the nightmares. I feel like I wasted so much money on a POS med that dumped all the adverse effects on my system. 0/10, would NOT recommend!"
"Started taking Votrient 800 mg last year after 23 days had to stop due to high blood pressure and got a fistula. 3 months later started back on at 400 mg. Seems to be doing better and taking 2 blood pressure medications to control it. Normal side effects like the ones I read about in this site. Last CT no major growths of my Sarcomas."
"I always knew I was different from everyone else. I was very quiet and shy. But in my mind I couldn&#039;t shut up. My mind was loud. In class I could never stop fidgeting, playing with my hair, scratching an itch, doodling on notebooks. I wondered why nobody else squirmed around like me. At 24 I was diagnosed with ADD. Adderall is life changing. I&#039;m finally normal. I feel like everyone else. My mind is at ease. I am in charge of my thoughts. I can have genuine conversations with people without my mind wondering. I am finally happy after years of struggles. I am organized and more peaceful. "
"I started this pill 4 months ago, and my hair is breaking badly. I have mood swings very very badly.  Also I&#039;m totally emotional all the time.  You would think I was pregnant, no sex drive and my husband is fed up with it! "
"I have chronic pain that can be so severe it makes me nauseated. Most days 50mg. every 4 hrs helps. But there are  days when nothing can touch my pain."
"The first week I started trulicity I was very nauseous! I take xigduo and truly city. I really didn&#039;t want to eat, it made me thirsty, I was drinking plenty of water. The only side effect I had was the nausea, it felt like when was pregnant but after the first week it stopped. I&#039;ve lost 15 healthy pounds in 3 weeks with dieting and exercise. I recently became sick (unrelated to the medications) and had to stop taking my xigduo due IV contrast for the next two days, well my blood sugar numbers are still below 120 with trulicity alone. It&#039;s been working good for me."
"49 years old. Have had high blood pressure for a while now with readings like 175/102-170/100-160-/98 and when I would get stressed even higher than that. At night and at rest sitting in a chair it would come down to almost normal 145/85-150/88 but soon as I was active again it would go high .  Never could get it to straighten out.  Been taking Azor for a week now and out of 15 readings I have done my average is this 129/75. A lot of times sitting watching T.V it will be like 119/66-121/70 really great readings then when I get active I would check it and it would be like this 132/75-134/77 have had hardly any readings over 80 at all and the top number has not been over 140 since I  have been taking Azor. All in all no side effects. Great stuff."
"I took two Dulcolax around 5pm with some yogurt &amp; a lot of water. Never having used laxatives or stool softeners before, I decided to read a few online reviews...bad idea. People&#039;s reviews had me thinking I was going to end up in the ER! And, apparently taking Dulcolax with antacids or yogurt is a big &quot;no-no&quot;. I waited. About 4 hours later I had some mild cramping (not even close to as painful as I find my period cramps to be) which lasted about 30 minutes. Shortly after I went to sleep. I awoke 4 in the morning needing to GO. Such a huge relief! My tummy feels much better. In hindsight, I&#039;d only take one, avoid the dairy, &amp; take it right before bed. Overall the product did what it&#039;s intended to do with mild side effects."
"I do great when on this medicine but if I run out.. I feel nauseated, my head feels like it&#039;s swimming, I feel mad and snap easily. So don&#039;t run or stop without your Doctor&#039;s help. I see my Doctor today, I can&#039;t wait."
"Started with 30 mg. First day taking it was ok but from day two until now I have had crippling diarrhea, wicked headaches and nausea. Stopping this nasty medicine today. 
Unbelievable that I had to change doctors and I told the what had worked for me. Lexapro and Alprazolam. But these doctors think they know best."
"I have been on Depakote for about 11 years now. It works pretty well for the most part, but every once in a while my body gets out of whack and I have seizures anyhow. My doctors have tried other medicines as well but Depakote seems to be what works best."
"I used to take Advil for headaches years ago. I must have taken a lot of it, because I had many headaches.  It worked great at the time. Now I have micro colitis which can be caused from taking to much of this NSAIDS. I really wish Google was around back in the day when I was popping all those Advil! I wouldn&#039;t be in the situation I&#039;m in now with my stomach problems!"
"I have been taking Loestrin for about 11 months now and I haven&#039;t had any side effects except that I never get my period at all, and I  would like to have it for at least a day so I could know for sure that I&#039;m not pregnant. Otherwise I have lost weight and my acne is way better. I don&#039;t plan on switching anytime soon!"
"Effective but bitter taste.why not create some fruit flavor coating"
"This medicine is like no other! Am telling you for the first time, there is clarity of thought on my patient, she is actually working, cleaning, grooming and socializing,
80% recovery is seen! I can live with that. "
"i Is help to out me from muscle pain.  I am happy"
"I began this medicine in October 2016 (age 62) and saw immediate results.  Having lost a sister to  Leukemia just 9 months prior to my own treatment I decided to begin with this fairly new FDA approved regimen for  line treatment.  The results were amazing, lymph nodes began shrinking immediately and with 6 weeks none were palpable!  Due to onset a-fib, my oncologist would like me to switch to a clinical trial that is using the next generation of the ibrutinib medication which is showing less side affects, particularly with a-fib.  The next generation of this drug is showing less side affects, particularly with a-fib so I am considering."
"Geodon at 80mg makes me dazed, confused and dumb as a rock.  I lost my job due to it (forgetfulness, can&#039;t concentrate).  For Bipolar II and me, it&#039;s not a drug for me, but when I complain to the doctor that I want to come off Geodon, he increases it!  I am in the process of changing doctors, but in the meantime, I am hostile and negative to the world, especially my partner.... not good! "
"Very expensive though."
"After having such severe anxiety to the point of being suicidal, I have with the help of Valium been able to function again. Valium has saved my life."
"I think this is a decent muscle relaxer that works well to calm one&#039;s nervous system down when in high stress. Also works good to help slow pain and aches."
"I have been using this medication for 2 years now and it has worked great. I had used it in the past when I was younger but it was not effective as I was not using it correctly. I then saw another dermatologist who gave me some tips to using it correctly and ever since then it has worked great. I do get the occasional itching and burning feeling but I too think the benefit of using it out weighs the itching."
"Starting on .25 dosage and has helped my anxiety enormously. Have to say that has also helped my depression as well. I got my 1st good noghts sleep in months. Helps with panic attacks as well. I think sleep depravation plays a major role in scattered thoughts and feeling of hopelessness. Once we start getting back to regular sleep patterns, we can all feel sane and less overwhelmed in our everyday lives! Good luck to all!"
"My pain specialist recommended this and after reading reviews I was so reluctant to take it, however I tried it and yes it did work 20mins later. I found myself relaxed, it was like I took a valium but when I woke up my heart rate was so low which wasn&#039;t normal for me. My HR is usually 65-80 but when I woke up I had a irregular heart beat of 43bpm. I thought I was going to have a panic attack cos of a sunken feeling in my chest. 
I suffer with PTSD, depression, anxiety and have CRPS so I do take 8 meds when necessary. Will I continue taking 2mg melatonin? No, unless the blood test shows ur &quot;lacking melatonin&quot; I wouldn&#039;t recommend this. The number of complaints is quite alarming to me."
"I was 214 lbs with high blood pressure and a BMI of 28.  Qsymia took away my appetite and allowed me to easily drop my daily calorie intake to about 1000 to 1200 per day.  Qsymia made food neutral.  I could smell it, see it as always but I had conscious choice over what and how much to eat.  I had occasional dry mouth and constipation but I believe most of that was caused by my significant drop in food intake.  I also got cold easily in the third month as my body slowed down my metabolism.  Those were the only side effects.  No exercise.  I lost 29 lbs in 3 months.  It&#039;s been almost 4 months and I&#039;ve kept the weight off without Qsymia with a focus on eating smaller portions and making healthy food choices.  I highly recommend Qsymia."
"I suffered for 5 years with Anxiety and Depression.  I tried many, many antidepressants.  Nothing worked.  My T3 levels were very low but my TSH was only slightly high.  One doctor treated me with Synthroid but I had no changes.  I saw many doctors including an endocrinologist that told me that nothing was wrong with my thyroid.  After spending many hours online looking for answers, I found an endocrinologist that said he would try treating me with Cytomel.  Within a day I felt AMAZING!  It was like someone put new batteries in my body!  I am finally able to be happy and live life again!  Truly a Miracle!"
"I take the extended release once a day. I recently got a dose increase for my extreme fatigue. It has been about 3 weeks and I do not like the symptoms that occur with it. I feel like a zombie, I don&#039;t enjoy talking when I am on my medicine, I get extremely bad frequent headaches, I am even more tired when it wears off but I am unable to sleep, I get really irritable and moody. With the lower dose the main problematic symptom I would have was the dry mouth, but that was manageable."
"I have been using Generic Viagra for more than 2 years,  Viagra is the only medicine I have taken long time. it has really been a help for me.

"
"Worst pill ever. I have never experienced such awful acne as when I was on this pill. I had cysts everywhere and wanted to just cry. I do not ever recommend this to even my worst enemy."
"I have been using this medicine for three years now. It has been amazing. Before it used to completely clear my skin but lately I have some small breakouts randomly. I guess my body has got used to doxycycline but I won&#039;t stop taking it. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects during these three years. Remember to take it after food with a full glass of water."
"I was perscribed Bactrim for a UTI. Day one I thought I had the Flu. Day 2 I could barely walk. Joints hurt very bad ankles, knees, wrists and shoulders.I stopped taking this medication. Called the doctor to prescribe something else."
"This medicine brought almost instant relief for a very painful neurological condition caused by a root canal procedure that went bad.  I suffered for two years before someone suggested this medicine.  After 4 doses I was free of pain and continue to be.  I understand I will be on this medicine for life."
"I&#039;ve been on Spiriva for about 15 years or so. At first it helped my breathing a lot. Now, not so much. I&#039;ve constantly battled the capsule not working. After contacting the mfg years ago, they eventually they reimbursed me for a box of the medication. They told me the amount of medication in the capsule would fit on a pin head. One day this week it took 3 capsules before finding one that worked. The plastic capsule sometimes seems to explode when you squeeze the lever to poke the hole in it. When it makes &quot;that sound&quot; of loud popping, after I try to use it and it doesn&#039;t work - I can open the handihaler holding the capsule, take the capsule out and hit it on my palm and tiny pieces of plastic fall out in my hand!"
"Geodon made me a zombie. I cried a lot more, I could barely drive. My eyes were half shut. I took it with lots of fatty foods as ordered. I couldn&#039;t speak coherently. Seroquel caused blackouts and rage, Zyprexa made me gain 45lb and caused akasthesia. "
"I got Implanon put in Feb 2013, while I was on my cycle. My cycle stopped when it was supposed to. About two weeks later I bled constant. The Implanon caused me
to have many side effects. I got depressed, anxiety, sad  and hormonal. And I bled constantly until May. Everyone is different and everyone&#039;s body responds in a good or bad way. After having it removed I&#039;d say I&#039;m 99 percent better."
"I&#039;ve been on nexplanon for 3 months now. 2 weeks after the insertion instead of a period I spotted for 2 weeks and had mild cramps but nothing too bad, after the spotting was over it has been a bless, I worry less about pregnancy and so far no period, no weight gain ,no acne. Don&#039;t knock it till you try it"
"I have had a terrible experience with Gianvi. I have never had problems or side effects with any other birth control before. Gianvi gave me severe migraines. The migraines would be so bad I would stay in bed for days. Gianvi also messed with my vision. After taking it I started having blurry vision. It also caused me to have mood swings. I cried over anything, including commercials on T.V. After finally realizing it was Gianvi causing all of my problems my husband and I decided it was best for me to stop taking it. Best luck to any one who takes this."
"I woke up a week or more ago and found myself having to pee frequently. I thought &quot;Oh that&#039;s weird.&quot; Then it began to smell funky and I decided to go get a urinalysis done. It came back negative, but the doctor gave me some Bactrim anyway. Halfway through my treatment with Bactrim, I had an allergic reaction and called it in. They gave me Macrobid instead, and gosh is it expensive. I took it for a few days for a total of 5 days on antibiotics and my symptoms were gone, but something new was happening. I always felt fatigued and nauseated, especially when I woke up, and when I tried to eat, I felt like my appetite had left me completely. My stools had turned to diarrhea and my stomach always felt uneasy. The doc took me off them."
"I am on day 3 of 15mg of enablex and my symptoms have gotten worse. due to the dry mouth I am drinking more which is making me go to.the bathroom more than I already was. Did anyone else have this problem??"
"I was in the ER w a migraine and dehydration due to vomiting. Instead of the regular phenagren I receive, I was administered Reglan.  I became very irritated, jittery, and irrational. I tried to get out of the hospital bed and pull out my IV. It took four soldiers (we are military) to hold me down to give me a shot to counteract the Reglan. Needless to say I have Reglan allergy in my medical records now."
"Vyvanse has changed my life, for the better. It gives me the motivation and confidence I need to complete tasks that otherwise would be daunting and unappealing. Talk to your doctor first to make sure you actually would benefit from it. The only down side is how expensive it can get if you&#039;re not covered."
"Okay y&#039;all .. I was not prepared . I&#039;m 23 years old &amp; 24 weeks pregnant &amp; this is my first YI so I call my OB and she says to use Monistat (either the 3 day or 7 , my choice) so I&#039;m like let&#039;s get this show on the road . When I say I was not prepared , I mean I have NEVER experienced something like this in my life . The insert was fine , it&#039;s like a tampon . Inject the cream , take out the inserter and then  literally as I am standing up and pulling on my undies , all of a sudden my vagina turns into a raging ball of fire . I took a shower at midnight &amp; sat there for 20 minutes trying to  rinse it . It just didn&#039;t seem to get any better now I&#039;m laying down . Needless to say I&#039;ll be calling my OB in the morning ."
"I tried this after experimenting off and on with pills, Depo-Provera, and barriers over the past 5 years.

Pros: Transitioning immediately from Depo-Provera to Nexplanon, I have had 0 bleeding. Convenient. Insertion was quick, easy, and I experience little pain. No need to revisit the clinic every month or three months.

Con: I have noticed some weight gain. After receiving the implant on Dec 6, it is now Jan 7 and I have gained about 3-4 lbs. This makes me a little nervous, as I feel this could easily spiral out of control quickly. I&#039;m afraid to think of what the scale will say in another month."
"My Tryglicerides and LDL Cholesterol have improved significantly.  My dry eyes have also improved significantly while on Vascepa.  I highly recommend Vascepa. I feel happy and healthy knowing Vascepa is helping me with my cardiovascular health.  I feel like it is money well spent to improve my health."
"September 2016 I tried the higher dose but could not tolerate it. Recently my doctor had me try the lower dose. I was able to tolerate it and then titrate to the higher dose. 
Initially the nausea and indigestion were significant but I waited it out and it got better. I lost 8 pounds the first month. Had I not started on the lower dose there is no possible way I could have used the medication. My sugars average 112 over the past month and those are not even fasting. I really like the medication. It&#039;s a matter of just toughing it out."
"I just finished my first pack and haven&#039;t had many side effects. I was very worried about nausea but if you take it with food you won&#039;t have any problems. I have experienced breast tenderness, bloating, water retention (this is where the weight gain comes from), and a little bit of lack of sex drive. I do like it because it has cleared up some of my acne and I believe that I just got my &quot;period&quot; this week which was very light spotting. My insurance covers it also so it&#039;s free for me. I&#039;m pretty happy with it so far and I&#039;m glad its reacting fairly well with my body. Good luck!"
"I&#039;ve been on this med for 2 months, and I&#039;ve lost 22 pounds. Once you get over the hurdles like the jitters, headaches, and upset stomach..the med really is a dream. I have a binge eating disorder, and OCD. This has curbed that need to keep eating, and a lot of other problems related to the OCD. I&#039;m less obsessive which leads to less compulsions, and not spending all my hard earned money on take out, online shopping, and other forms of useles spending. 

I started out rather heavy, 353, and I honestly can say it&#039;s really amazing to not have that urge to eat all the time. It&#039;s amazing what you can focus on when food is not on your mind 24/7. It&#039;s nice being focused, and I can&#039;t wait to see where I&#039;m at in a year! 

It&#039;s a 9 because it&#039;s $$$"
"No periods. No cramps. Clear face. Limited mood swings, No loss of sexual desire."
"We had sex with a condom while possibly ovulating and the condom broke and neither of us noticed. I pulled out right before cumming but we were afraid some got in and immediately went to get Plan B. She took the pill about a half hour after sex. Cramps about a week before her period was due and she got her period a couple days early. We were afraid it was implantation cramps and bleeding because of when the cramps started and the color and how light her period was when it started. The next day she woke up with a lot more blood and continued to bleed throughout the day."
"I was badly constipated for 4 or 5 days. My stomach and my back were aching. No matter how much water and fibrous foods I ate, I wasn&#039;t able to go. At my wit&#039;s end, I bought Senokot S and took one pill at 9 pm and another at 1 am. While I could feel it working (I had some strange feelings in my stomach), I didn&#039;t get bad cramps or pain. At 9:30 am I was finally able to &#039;go&#039; with no straining or pain."
"I&#039;ve had roughly 8 sinus infections over the past 20 years and this is the first time I&#039;ve been prescribed Cefdinir. I&#039;ve taken it as prescribed, one pill every 12 hours, for the past 24 hours.  Unknown if this is working on my sinusitis, as my attention is now 110% focused on the most horrific and violent case of perpetual diarrhea I&#039;ve ever experienced. Colonoscopy prep doesn&#039;t compare to this. The prescribing doctor and I will be having a conversation when the clinic opens later today."
"Took my first dose of the salty cherry flavored liquid. Cool water, thick smoothie straw, less than 2minutes! Did a 20oz of water each half hour after for an hour and a half.....it hit me 10 minutes in, no cramps or rush to the potty. Just needed to go like normal, first ten minutes and fluid was coming out more clear. The key to the taste, get it down quick and don&#039;t think about it (lemon wedges are a saving grace). Trick to easing potty pain, eat light three days before, liquids ONLY the day before and easy as 1,2 and done!"
"Made my RLS more tolerable for about a year then gradually made it worse. I saw some studies that called this augmentation. I was on a very low dose so I just quit taking it. Its only been a couple weeks but I&#039;m doing better off the drug than on it."
"Restoril helps me get to sleep and helps prevent me from waking up constantly during the night. I have had no side-effects from Restoril."
"I&#039;m currently on my first pack of this new BC (took the last light blue pill and gonna start the dark blue ones tomorrow.) As of now my face is exploding with painful acne all over. I almost want to stop treatment right now. I know some ratings say to wait until month 3-6 to actually see any results. I haven&#039;t really noticed any major issues expect nausea in the beginning with TriNessa. ~sigh~ I&#039;ll continue treatment. Has to get worse before it can get better right? Does anyone have any suggestions for an acne routine to help with this painful explosion?"
"Restless legs syndrome is a hard problem to deal with. Mirapex seems like a God send. But like most things it comes with a cost.  First was the dollar cost which over the last 6 years has gone up considerably.  The next price you pay is from side effects.  Falling asleep while talking to someone is embarrassing and dangerous. But I&#039;ve found a wonderful fix.  While at the doctors I had to use a Doctor&#039;s Assistant (who was playing on her cell phone while talking to me). She gave me a prescription for Mirapex that is time released and you only take it at night just before bed time. My energy level has increased 10x and I don&#039;t fall asleep while dinning out with my wife. Blessed by Doctor%u2019s Assistant and her playing on the cell phone actually was searching on the intranet for something to help with the problem."
"I have been using Guaifenesen for 10 years now. Like my  Doctor said, I had initial relief, then cycled between feeling worse and better, and now my CFS / Fibro is much milder than it was.  I avoid Salicylates, but accidental exposure  isn&#039;t a disaster, since I am not a strong blocker.  For me, it works best just before or just after mild exercise, like a 1 mile walk to work, or mowing the lawn. I take 1/4 of a COSTCO 400 mg. Tablet whenever I feel Fibro pain, or before anticipated exercise, or after unexpected exercise."
"I was recently prescribed to this birth control in order to monitor my reactions, for possible diagnosis of endometriosis. This is about my 3rd week, and I have noticed a drastic change in my mood. I feel constantly irritated or easily frustrated whenever I take it, and I have noticed that I have painful cramps more frequently than I used to."
"This medication is a miracle. Hot flashes and sweats go away, sleep has returned, and I have more energy and clearer thinking. It helps with libido as well. I did notice some hair loss, which surprised me, but overall no other side effects. The major problem with estratest hs is the requirement for a one month prescription, you can no longer get a 3 month supply which would save money, and you have to call the doctor every month to get a new prescription. For women who are menopausal, I find this to be ridiculously inconvenient and costly. Regulations need to be adjusted to accommodate us ladies who need this medication to function. Medicare doesn&#039;t cover this med, apparently."
"It&#039;s great grades came up from straight F&#039;s to B &amp; C&#039;s."
"Got prescribed clarithromycin for bronchitis, I have never felt side effects taking other prescriptions  like I feel taking this. I have the horrible metallic taste in my mouth, gassy, diarrhea, upset stomach, and now on day 5 and having nightmares. It has helped the bronchitis but I don&#039;t think I can handle the side effects anymore."
"Augmentin: The first time I took it was about 8 yrs ago. It did the job quick but I had diarrhea for about a year. {not kidding! also developed plantar fasciitis for a brief period possibly due to a lack of certain nutrients, caused by the extended bout of diarrhea} I did not know what probiotics are at the time!?:( 
I blamed myself and that other guy, My doctor for not mentioning the benefits of probiotics. Probiotics maintain a healthy level of good bacteria that most antibiotics will destroy, This prevents or minimizes greatly any diarrhea.
Augmentin also contains clavulanic acid which causes the upset stomach. Ranitidine, which is an acid reducer can help soften the sour stomach often associated with augmentin. Augmentin does work!!!"
"This product is a lifesaver! I use Duac at night in combination with Differin in the morning and Sumadan wash before I apply both, and it has done wonders for my skin. I broke out terribly last year (I was 15 then) with huge white heads and bumps all across my forehead and T-zone, and the occasional chin zit. I began using this in June and by the end of the summer my acne was COMPLETELY gone. Aside from being slightly drying (which is totally fine so long as you use a moisturizer 30 minutes after applying)  this medicine is wonderful. I&#039;d definitely recommend this to anyone struggling with moderate to severe acne, but don&#039;t be disappointed if it doesn&#039;t work right away like it did for me. Also, the tube lasted me forever! Almost 9 months."
"Within 24hrs pain and swelling decreased significantly from 10 to 3 on pain scale. My only side effect was diarrhea."
"For over a year I had dark marks on my face from the sun.  I used several of spots remover cream and nothing worked.  I went to the Dermatologist and he prescribed Tri Luma.  I used for 2 weeks and my spots were getting cleared.  I have use it for 3 weeks and I love this cream.  My cheeks are red most of the time but it really works.  It doesn&#039;t dry my skin, it just appears as if I wear blush.  I use sunscreen when I am out of the house."
"I&#039;ve had to drink suprep bowel prep kit 5 times . 3 of them because I&#039;m have bowel problems and they are using it to help me go. The other 2 kits are for a colonoscopy and an endoscopy. 2 days before the test I started a bland diet. No meat nothing grease, no bread.etc. 1st prep after a breakfast lunch and dinner of clear liquid I drink it. I took big drinks of the prep followed by some apple juice. I drink 16 oz of prep 16oz of apple juice . Asap I started running to the bathroom,.At 1:30am. Prep 2 same 16 oz prep 16 oz or apple juice plus forgot to mention 2 more 16oz of water with each prep and a cup of hot tea. Day 2 prep kit 2 . Same thing it is now 1:30 am am writing this while doing the deed. I truly hope this work procedure is at 6."
"I&#039;ve been on Previfem for 3 months and I am still experiencing breakthrough bleeding that lasts until my withdrawal bleed. I take the pill at 6:15 every morning, and have never been off by more than 15 min. The only positives are that my breakthrough bleeding occurs like clockwork (after 12 active pills) and it made my skin better. But the bleeding itself drains the life out of me and makes me really depressed. 

I gained 7 pounds on the pill, but I think I had a hormone imbalance that made me lose weight before that. I had lost 10 pounds while eating everything in sight before that, and I had a period that faded into light spotting but would not stop for almost 2 months (only stopped because of the pill). 

I am switching pills next month."
"I was given Cymbalta for psoriatic arthritis and depression. It has been good for both but I developed a side effect. I asked my doctor and he said men can experience this. Urinary incontinence. With Cymbalta I noticed I went less often and also went less while going. But after going for some reason I kept going little bits over an over for almost 10 min. So Cymbalta to treat incontinence. No, But it can cause it in men."
"I am 52 years old, 5&#039;5 and weighed 183 pounds.  Keeping my old eating habits and staying sedentary expecting this med to work netted a 5 lb loss over 3 months.  So I quit.  I restarted after a 6 month break with a new food &amp; exercise plan.  My weight is falling off this time!  My learning is that this med is exponentially more effective if I take responsibility for getting off the sofa and spending more time &amp; money in the produce dept.   I&#039;m down 10 lbs in the first 2 weeks back on it. I&#039;ve found some great recipes for vegetables I never thought I&#039;d eat.  My appetite us suppressed enough that I&#039;m perfectly satisfied with a 5 oz steak instead of my normal 16 oz.  I recommend Belviq but only as a supplement to healthier eating and exercise."
"I used implanon for 6 years and won the lottery in side effects- no periods and the first 6 weeks I actually felt euphoric! Has anyone else had that?  My mood went down after that but I felt like it stayed slightly above average for me the whole time on it. So for me it wasn&#039;t just birth control but an anti depressant. I went off it 2 years ago as we would be OK falling pregnant now and have been really struggling with mood swings during my periods. I hate it. My friend who had major depression in her trends found the same side effects as I did- more even moods and more productive."
"I have been on 3 OCP&#039;S: Apri, Aviane and Lo Loestrin Fe.I was not able to tolerate Apri and Aviane. My side effects included depression and general feeling of sickness: headache and extreme nausea.  Change in mood: hypersensitivity. Increase in breast size,but  no breast sensitivity . No skin breakout or acne.The women in my family suffer from depression, anxiety and are not able to tolerate OCP&#039;s very well. After consulting with my Gyne she recommended Lo Loestrin Fe. I&#039;ve only been on Lo Loestrin Fe for 3 days. So far, I&#039;ve had a great experience . The only minor effect, but tolerable, are: night sweats, I take the pill @9 pm, slight increase in anxiety +slight stomach upset . Gyne gave me a sample,  so I&#039;m unsure of price w/ insurance"
"My husband (75) non-smoker was diagnosed with Stage IV NSLC in December, 2014 with Mets to the bones.  Fluid around the lungs had to be drained every 3 days.  Chemotherapy did not help as the cancer continued to spread rapidly.  Radiation done on his spine in early May, 2015 to help wth the pain from the cancer in his spine.  This was a disaster due to burns on his esophagus.  New mutation testing in May showed that Tarceva may help.  June 5th my husband began Tarceva.  It has been such a gift.  We asked for time for him finish his life well.  (He had not retired from banking yet.)  His last scan (September, 2015) showed that the cancer in the lungs had slowed with no new lesions.  Bone lesions increasing at a slow rate."
"Blood pressure dropped sharply and nicely.  Able to halve the dose after a week.  Very noticeable pedal edema during medication and after stopping the medication due to excellent response and the disfiguring foot and lower leg swelling.."
"I have been on Arimidex for almost a year now; as far as side effects, most problematic for me seems to be weight gain.  Sure hope and pray I have no more serious side effects than this.  Take my Arimidex every morning with breakfast."
"Started at 10mg quickly moved to 40mg paroxetine erased my anxiety and elevated mood as well increased my energy levels"
"I&#039;m a 19 year old girl and I&#039;ve been suffering from major depression and social anxiety for the past 5 years. I finally went to the doctors and was prescribed Lexapro 10mg. I&#039;ve been on it for 4 days now. I had side effects the first day I took it - nausea, slight headache, slight dizziness, sleepy and yawning a lot and most annoyingly INSOMNIA! I even felt a little confused at bedtime while trying to sleep. The side effects lasted for the first 3 days, now they&#039;re slowly going away. The first day I was really hyper and the next I was so tired but now it&#039;s starting to balance out and I can sleep better. I haven&#039;t had a depressing day since I&#039;ve been taking Lexapro so lets hope it stays that way."
"Have taken this med for 28+ years with no seizures during this time.  I have experienced no side effects except that my hair has become very curly.  Lots of compliments!  No down side.  I am seizure free.  No other med has worked for me."
"I woke up at 2:30 am with an awful , radiating tooth ache . The kind I have to stand in a warm shower as any medicine kicks in .  I took aleeve PM this time and the pain subsided way faster than with Advil or Tylenol - I didn&#039;t even double dose . (Bottle says not to )

I did get to sleep , it was a bit better than usual . We have 3 young children who wake up early and I didn&#039;t notice them as much this time ."
"Very calming to my anxiety"
"I just started taking this after being almost debilitated by mirtazapine. I don&#039;t know if for sure I have energy increase because of the Wellbutrin or because I quit taking mirtazapine. At any rate, I do feel better overall."
"I have such severe constipation that I end up in the emergency room for it because I&#039;m so full I can&#039;t eat or drink for days. My stomach will not growl for days because there is no room. I will go weeks and no bowel movement. I tried everything even prescription medications as far as them giving me the stuff you drink when you get a colonoscopy. My doctor finally gave me linzess. I take 145 in the am. First two days I did have watery stools pretty quick after taking. Next few days it was hours and I only had regular bowel movements. Every few days I do have watery stools. I am still new to the meds. So far though this is a miracle!!! Before I couldn&#039;t eat, drink, leave the house, sleep for days because of the pain."
"I started Metformin 500 mg. 2 weeks ago and started .6 of Victoza 9 days later. My doctor gave me enough meds (Victoza) for 4 months! I&#039;ve dropped 12lbs but I feel horrible.  Fatigue,  nauseated and can&#039;t even stand the smell of food.  My fasting numbers were 270&#039;s and now they&#039;re low 140&#039;s and 130&#039;s.  I hope the horrible side effects resolve so these numbers will stabilize and I can drop at least  30 more pounds!"
"Great medicine, but if I missed a dose I would feel nauseaous.  Once I ran out of it and missed 2 doses and got really sick with sweats, nausea, chills, and faintness.
Don&#039;t ignore a rash.  There is more than one type of rash.  One type is extremely dangerous.  Call MD or if you can&#039;t, go to ER.  I did not get a rash, but would have done something about it immediatley..."
"I was prescribed metro after noticing a pungent smell coming from my lady area which was a symptom of bv. I was instructed 2 times a day morning and night for 7 days, on day 3 the smell was completely gone but I&#039;m still doing the full 7 so I don&#039;t risk the symptoms returning. I eat a meal before each pill and wait 10 minutes for the food to settle before taking the pill and I haven&#039;t had any headaches, nausea or blurry visions some people have experienced. The downside is that the drug kills bad as well as the good bacteria so there&#039;s risk of a yeast infection so I&#039;ve been eating yogurt daily to try and prevent that, so far I am happy with the results and on day 5. The downside of the pill is the metallic aftertaste which is really strong a"
"I was off of work for two weeks. I figured I would quit smoking as I have a high stress job and quitting while working would be a nightmare. I tried quitting at the beginning of the vacation, but as happened with most previous quitting attempts, I failed after day 3 (My hardest). I started taking Chantix two days later and after 3 days on Chantix I just stopped smoking. It was not easy. It still takes some will power but it only took a fraction of the will power it took the past few times I tried to quit. I have been smoke free for 14 days now. The cravings still come from time to time, but after the 3rd or 4th day they have not been nearly as bad. Just get through the first few days. I smoked a pack a day for 18 years."
"I have taken this for Diverticulitis and BV. It works. Had bleeding and severe almost septic Diverticulitis, was in hospital for 5 days and this cured it. Gets rid of BV too, just make sure to take Rephresh Pro-B pill immediately after finishing course of flagl and continue for a few months if you want to keep vagina healthy. Side affects of flagyl are diarrhea and slight nausea but bearable, just take it in the middle of meal. If you have horrible affects from it you are having allergic reaction, not side affects. I know bc my mom is allergic to flagyl. If taking for diverticulitus, take high grade probiotic for 2 months after finishing course of antibiotics to replenish good bacteria in gut."
"I have been using Aviane for months. This is my first birth control and it has put my hormones back on track. Before using Aviane I cramped up to a week before starting and 7-10 day long periods. I was also extremely moody before on the pill. Now my periods are 3-4 days long, my cramping no longer requires pain meds, and I&#039;m no longer moody. The only side effect I have is a low sex drive."
"I was on 10 mg for seasonal affectional disorder. The medicine did a good job. I found that I could not have any caffeine while on this medicine. In March I was able to reduce to 5 mg in preparation of going off when the time changes (days are longer). I noticed I was having side effects just cutting down.  I was achy all over. After about 4 days I happen to have a green tea with ginseng. Within a half hour of drinking it, the achiness was gone. I tried reg coffee the next day. No achiness but had to watch jitters.  I don&#039;t know if this will help anyone else but it did me"
"Great medication to relieve anxiety. Sex drive went down first two weeks. Go a bit worried, but body adjusted. Occasional dream of gruesome things. Usually what I see on the news or discuss with family. Can&#039;t tell whether or not it&#039;s due to Lexapro."
"I have used the mirena as it seems to be the most consistent release of hormones, therefor helping mood swings, acne, weight gain etc. I just had 1 removed and another placed. Never had children, and my cervix &quot;falls to the floor&quot; and to a side, so it&#039;s a bit more uncomfortable than some women. But, nothing that extra water and advil cant soothe. It is def worth 1 day of uncomfortable for 5 years of relief lol. My periods mostly stopped basically was spotting for a day or two after year 1. Prior to year 1, still light but lasted a day or so longer. My strings to the first got &quot;lost&quot; so dr. (Highly recommend an ob/gyn)  used ultrasound to locate and and get it before replacing it. So, a few negatives but well worth it!"
"Fantastic."
"As a rescue inhaler - this one is the best!  It does not cause you to feel jittery like the others do.  It sometimes costs more than the other brands, but it is well worth it.  My son has moderate asthma that is under excellent control, until the dreaded fall allergy season.  He is very active and plays football and being exposed to his outdoor allergies in combination with the physical exercise, causes him to occasionally need the inhaler.  He used to delay using his rescue inhaler because he did not want to feel jittery and he could not stand the taste the others put in the mouth.  This brand gives him that immediate relief, but has exhibited no side effects in him.  I can also testify first-hand as I used it when I had bronchitis."
"This is the worst! I had my baby girl in March 2016, I decided I dont want to get pregnant soon, having 2 kids now, for now my baby days are over.my age of 23 I can&#039;t get &quot;fixed&quot;, so since I got pregnant with #2 from the pill I decided to go for it and give the depo shot a chance, well, it was the WORST decision I could have ever made, hell I&#039;d rather become pregnant again then keep going with these side effects of being constantly mad and angry, always yelling at my 3 year old and my other half, (my baby girl is always smiles so I never get frustrated over crying or fussy ness, she doesn&#039;t cry lol).
Keep in mind, I had my LO in march 2016, it&#039;s all most Oct 2016 and I&#039;m STILL on my period, EVERYDAY! 
Will not be going back for my next shot"
"Not much relief with lots of side effects."
"I have used this medication for about a year now. I have had migraines, but I have them in my genetics so I am not blaming the pill! As far as I know, it has been 100% effective in preventing pregnancy. I have not had a baby grow inside of me lol. My periods have gotten lighter and the start on about the Wednesday of the placebo pill week. I just chalk this up to when I used to be on Minastrin and that&#039;s when my period used to start on that pill. So all in all, I love it. Safe, free with my insurance, great option."
"HERE IS THE TRICKS; it tastes so bad,
1) add large ice cubes
make it very cold and you won&#039;t taste as much
2) my second dose I took straight up pretty much with just a touch of white grape juice and chased it with green tea, or let the green teas just swish in my mouth to get rid of taste
those tips will help; 
other than that it works and you can! you can! get through 2nd dose with these tips."
"I&#039;ve been in lamictal and Wellbutrin for over 2 years without a lift on severe bipolar depression. It felt like they kept me just from the edge of suicide but in dark misery. 

We started trying atypical antipsychotics...abilify helped a bit with 8 lbs weight gain, saphris lowered anxiety and weight but left depression untouched then came latuda and life changed at 40 mg. The dark cloud lifted in three weeks and I saw and thought and felt clearly. I&#039;m envious that people feel this way all the time and don&#039;t appreciate it all. I&#039;m finally living and not just surviving. 

Small prices to pay are sleepiness and having to eat so much to take the pills, because it knocks me out I eat later than I&#039;d like and have noticed weight gain."
"I started Nora Be in April of 2016 because of severe cramping, vomiting, cysts that came especially burdensome with each menstrual cycle. It is now December of 2016 and I can say my pain and cramping has decreased to a much more livable situation. However, weight gain, laziness, anxiety and depression have all increased so much. I definitely do not want to go back to the pain but am thinking of trying to go without for a bit to see what happens."
"Omg..what a terrible drug! 
I just recently asked to be changed back to Advair. My regular Dr wouldn&#039;t so I saw a colleague of his and she asked why I was put on it in the first place. 
I told her that I did not know why he changed me from Advair to Symbicort when I wasn&#039;t having any problems with it. She changed me to Advair.
It is Monday  and I just changed on Thursday  and already I feel better.
Asthma is still bothering me and I&#039;m on prednisone but my mental outlook has drastically changed for the better. I felt like I was in a depressing fog that i couldn&#039;t get out of. Cant believe I was on this garbage drug for a year and a half. 
Coughing all the time.nothing much coming out.just constant coughing.
Thank God im off this terrible drug"
"I took januvia for about 1 year then one day my stomach started to swell up drastically  and my wife took me to the hospital when I arrived I could no longer walk and was put in a wheelchair. I was admitted but passed out, when I came to I had 4 I-V&#039;s in me and was totally soaked like I had just jumped in a pool. My white blood cell count was over 3,000, off the chart. One nurse accused me of overdosing on street drugs.. I was in the hospital for 3-1/2 days and spent 2 weeks on the couch and 2-3 months having people tell me I looked like I was dying and asked what was wrong. Januvia snuck up on me like a  poison snake. It overtook my system in 45 minutes from being with an irritable stomach to knowing I was dying and there was nothing I could do"
"This medication has worked for me for over five years. I started taking it for anxiety but it has also helped me with my extreme shyness. It throws a wet blanket over your emotions. It does reduce both the highs and lows and evens out your emotions."
"I got prescribed this medication because previously I was on trinessa which was giving me week long periods. The plus side of this medication is that I have 2 day periods, none at all, or just some spotting. So thank goodness for that. However, I have only been on it for a few months. The negative side is that it has caused so much acne. I never have had issues with acne, maybe a pimple here and there. I use epiduo every night which I have been prescribed for 7 years, but that doesn&#039;t even help. I have acne on my cheeks, big red pimples on my forehead, some of my chin... it&#039;s ridiculous. Decided to call my GYN and am getting switched to mononessa. Hopefully I still have very short/no periods but my acne will also clear up!!"
"Brintelix made me feel angry and created very bad muscle tension my shoulders and arms. I&#039;ve only been on it for two months. Went to an accupuncurist who immediately told me that it is one of the side effects of Brintelix. Trying to get off it as soon as possible."
"First had the extreme chest pain (like I imagine a heart attack would be) 10 years ago.  Tried many different products with my gastroenterologist&#039;s help.  Ended up with Aciphex.  Of course, the insurance company tried to get me to use other stuff.  "
"I am a 68 year old Vietnam veteran that has been exposed to Agent Orange and I have been plagued with atopic dermatitis for many, many years and the itching has gotten progressively worse. I was tested recently at NY CPH and found to also have a severe allergy to Ultraviolet B sunlight. 
I have been on dupixent for one month and the results are amazing. I wish that this medication was available 40 years ago so that I did not suffer as I have. Arms, legs, back and face are all clear and thankfully the itching is all but gone. Have experienced minor eye irritation at outset but that too has cleared up. Hope is eternal and wish that there are no long term affects from the medication. I too hope that I will not be on long term maintenance."
"This is my first time ever in my life being on birth control pills. My 1st week on these things my flow was heavier than I have ever seen it in years.  I have always had my period regularly, but it would switch up once in a blue. My Gyno insisted that I get on them due to my PCOS. I am also unable to get pregnant and was also told it might help. So whenever I am ready to have children to get off the BC. I&#039;m still not sure of how this works to get pregnant. I&#039;ve just always been afraid to take BCPs only because I&#039;ve seen and heard of the damages that have done to some women. Well I hope this plays out well. Will keep you all posted"
"Hands down the best birth control I&#039;ve ever tried. I&#039;ve been on it all this year and I have had zero side effects. No bloating, moodiness, break through bleeding etc. I take it at the same time everyday as it&#039;s recommended to do so. I just spot 2-3 days at the end of my cycle. Best part is that it&#039;s PANTYLINER light! Extremely happy that my gyno prescribed me this pill. I&#039;ve been on the pill since I was 17, I&#039;m 23 now, and have tried more than I care to remember. I intend on using Loestrin42Fe for years to come!"
"I was diagnosed with bipolar depression about a year ago. I have been on topamax for that as well as migraine headaches for 8 to 9ish months now.  The migraines went away, and I have lost about 40 pounds since taking Topamax! The only downfall is hair loss. I highly warn anybody taking this drug not to miss a dose or try weaning yourself off, because I have done both and ended up with very bad mood swings and will be crying on the floor one minute, then raging and angry, then it will be as if nothing happened."
"I&#039;ve been on clozapine for four and a half year for schizoaffective disorder. I was on 350mg but took a seizure and the dose was lowered to 150mg. I feel well mentally but the clozapine has made me very unfit. Also the constipation I suffer has affected my quality of life.  I don&#039;t feel like socialising any more and have gained 3 stone.  Looking into changing to the drug Latuda that is new in the U.K."
"I&#039;ve only been on the patch for a few months, and I think it&#039;s much better than a daily pill.  Two things are getting to me though--nausea and a little acne.  I&#039;ve never had any problems with acne before, and I&#039;m noticing some (not a ridiculous amount, but still more than I&#039;m used to) since I started the patch.  Also, it seems like on my change day, I get extremely nauseous.  I work in a kitchen, so that makes it tricky.  I&#039;m going to try something else for a while, but I may be back on the patch afterward."
"I give this a two due to the simplicity of it. However, I am a completely different person. I have mood swings; I have daily or weekly mood swings, I&#039;ll be ticked off for a whole day, then crying about nothing. I have had mood swings before and get over them. I don&#039;t get over these ones. My boyfriend has told me I am not the same person. As everybody&#039;s doctor has told them that everyone is different. I don&#039;t have my period, which is okay but can&#039;t handle the mood swings, I notice it during everyday life. I am actually getting it taken out."
"This worked really well for me. I didn&#039;t have any of the side effects, except some extremely mild cramping for a minute or two before it was time to &quot;go&quot;. The only negative for me was that it took over 24 hours to work."
"I was on lamictal for about 5 months. Knocked out the hypomania but did nothing for my depression; it made me feel completely numb which was worse than being depressed/in pain. Also made me horribly nauseous for the entire time I was on it."
"I have been using this cream for almost a year and it&#039;s completely changed my life.  Prior to vaniqa I was shaving every day which was very upsetting I felt very embarrassed every thing in my life from where I was going or doing I had to consider my embarrassing problem would I be able to shave.  It was the last thing I thought about at night and the first thing I thought about in the morning.  Not anymore now I shave maybe once a week the growth has reduced by about 80% so it&#039;s a very light shave my self esteem is fantastic.  I don&#039;t have pcos my dr said it was ATypical (means no reason I think)   I&#039;m in the UK so get this on script"
"I&#039;ve had 3 or 4 yeast infections in my life. Twice I took an off brand suppository, once a three day oral prescription, and once a one pill one day prescription. Today I realized that my vag wasn&#039;t just mildly itchy; I had a repulsive yeast infection yet again. The closest store next to my place of work was a Market Of Choice (basically a huge mostly natural grocer) and all they had to offer was one box of Monistat 3! I wish someone would have slapped it out of my hand. I got home, took a Epsom salt bath, shoved the thing up and went to bed. Maybe 2 hours later I woke up, urinated, returned to bed and that&#039;s when it hit me. A burning so badly that I immediately sat up and started scream crying. had to rush to the ER it was so horrific."
"I work as ER case manager, there was many cases of influenza. Some how I became exposed without even doing any patient care. Wednesday chills started, Thursday at work had itchy throat and thought it was allergies. Friday had increased congestion, cold like symptoms, malaise, and body  aches; I sent myself home early. Went to urgent care, felt sick as a dog, knew fever was coming, waited 1 and a 1/2 hours with a mask on and snotty nose. Test positive for influenza A, filled my expensive Tamiflu prescription; next day, fever gone but very tired with upper respiratory issues. Come Monday feeling better, stronger but still taking breathing treatments. Med works but has difficulty with those who have asthma or other respiratory diagnosis."
"After I got home and had taken about 4 of these I had loss of appetite, and had a headache. I looked at the papers from the pharmacy and I seen it said sulphamethazole! I called my doctor in a panic since it is listed in my allergies. I haven&#039;t had an allergic reaction, but my dad and moms side have. I finished out the antibiotic and have been fine. I did notice on Monday, which was my last dose, that I was feeling really queezy and had a headache. But no hives. Also This did some weird things while on it. I felt sick, and wasn&#039;t hungry, plus gave me a little anxiety. I will go back in a few days to make sure it is all cleared up. I took it for five days twice a day. I do however feel tons better."
"I have been using Aviane for almost 4 years. It works well for me! No mood swings, short periods, no acne. And most of all I&#039;m not pregnant. My breasts never grew though."
"So I&#039;ve only been on the pill for a month and a week and its been good in comparison so the estrogen based birth control I was on previously because I have a sex drive and I&#039;m not flipping out and acting crazy at all - but I keep getting what seems to be my period. I got my period two weeks into the pill and then I got my period again a week later then had a blood free week at the end of the pill pack but I&#039;m coming close to the end of this next week and I&#039;m bleeding again. Is this normal or should I see a doctor? Its really nerve wracking."
"The amount of characters I can type is limited but my story is long, so I&#039;ll shorten it for you. I&#039;ve almost had the injection for a full year. I have also almost had my period for a full year, August will be the anniversary, and also when I give up on this birth control. Not spotting, a full on period. Upon receiving my last shot, the technician severed a nerve, I&#039;ve never had a good experience with the administration of this injection. If I do not strictly work out based on how much I eat every single day, I begin to gain immediately. I also have extreme, very extreme body odor, vaginal, oral, the worst is under my arms. It also completely ruined my libido. From start to finish, the experience has been nothing but awful."
"My doctor replaced Prozac with Pristiq in hopes it would be more effective in fighting my depression.  At first I thought I was in heaven.  I&#039;m in my late 50&#039;s and never felt this good ever.  I also lost 30 lbs!  As time passed, I became more and more manic. (not a feel good manic either).  Had to get off of it.  Shame.  When it was working for me it was better than anything I&#039;ve ever tried."
"It really works effectively taken twice daily. I have tried everything that&#039;s available in market so far the best. With insurance and discount card I pay only $14.00 so its cheap."
"Pill was nasty. I finally dipped it in olive oil and was able to take it without tasting it. Took about 5 days for symptoms to resolve. Nasty medicine but will take again if I get bv again. No other side effects"
"I have cysteine stones...huge &amp; chronic &amp; constant! Passed 9 small stones within 30 mins after taking. And with very little pain in the uretha but doesn&#039;t help much with the ureter pain. I will use this again but not on a daily routine. Only when needed. Worry about side effects about a medicine meant for men."
"Worst birth control I have been on. I got it  1 and 1/2 yrs ago. First 7 months was fine, then I started bleeding randomly. I bleed on average 25 days out of a month (most days straight was 22) Those 6 days I don&#039;t are mixed in the middle mostly two days at a time,  some even include spotting which I don&#039;t refer to as bleeding anymore. I live with a tampon in! Had my hormones and thyroid checked for to see if that was the culprit and had a transvaginal ultrasound which showed I had a cyst on my left ovary. It definitely will keep you from getting pregnant due to the constant bleeding. I&#039;m getting mine out at 10:20 tomorrow and I can&#039;t wait ( have thought about cutting it out myself ) I don&#039;t want to wait 12 hours!"
"Zanaflex works when I use it for my tight shoulders leading to my back; however I seem to be have some side effects that most people are just laughing off. I think my husband things I&#039;m a little off. I have hallucination - yes, I realize they  are real. The other is when I start to move around all of the joint seem to be tight and the muscles spasmings around them. It is about 5-10 mins long. I lose my balance and one more thing, I have acute hearing loss, at times too. That could be unrelated."
"I get aura&#039;s without the headache (as well as the headache separately) which consisted of loss of speech, loss of power in my limbs etc and found that Flexeril often helps to prevent the aura&#039;s. Not sure why, and it isn&#039;t as effective any more, but to begin with as soon as I stopped taking it the symptoms would come back. After a year, I was able to stop taking it and the auras stayed away. Unfortunately, after 10 years they have come back and Flexeril doesnt seem as effective against them."
"Absolutely better than the narcotic pain relievers at relieving the &#039;acute&#039; blinding pain of a toothache. Within 30 minutes the pain is gone, for 12 hours. Awesome."
"I&#039;m sticking it out with Lyza though most times I don&#039;t know why. Everyone is different. So don&#039;t go crazy reading all these reviews. Try it and figure out for yourself if it is good for you or not. Unfortunately besides an IUD or a baby this is my only option for birthcontrol. 
I have had very irregular bleeding. The spotting is enough to drive anyone crazy. My boobs hurt like crazy sometimes. I feel pregnant but I am not. Maybe that&#039;s how this pill works I don&#039;t know. Also I scoured the reviews so don&#039;t know if any one has had this experience but I have had lite bleeding during/after sex. 
Figure out what&#039;s good for you. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this pill if you have other options."
"I go to a treatment center and get methadone as a tool to help me with my addiction. It keeps me from withdrawing and helps a lot with cravings and urges.  I strongly recommend this drug to anyone with an opioid addiction."
"This drug made my executive functioning a lot better, but it also almost immediately made me super down and caused partial seizures (I have no history of epilepsy). It may have triggered an episode of psychosis as well but I am still uncertain whether it was a psychotic episode or a seizure as I also lost control and sensation in my limbs while hallucinating before losing consciousness completely. I would not recommend this drug."
"The first night I was nauseated, but thought it was just from the sinus infection. Two nights later I started to itch all over, thought maybe it was something else and have been itching ever since (2 days ago). Also have thrush. I have been eating yogurt and it&#039;s not doing anything for it. I suppose the itching isn&#039;t as bad as the pain, but it&#039;s equally as annoying."
"Love it. Had it put in 10 days ago and wasn&#039;t as painful as I thought it would be.  I had spotting the first 8 days but nothing a liner could not handle.  The strings seem a little long to me and called the doctor. He said they can be trimmed at anytime.  I would recommend this to everyone I know."
"Tried this medication and it did not work. Side effects were bad. Headache, upset stomach, could not sleep. This medication for 1 month cost over $300.00 and there is no generic. "
"Great for anxiety. However, only recommend using short term. I&#039;ve gone through opiate withdrawing as well as benzo withdraws, and benzo withdraws are far worse. Never felt more suicidal...use with caution..."
"I&#039;ve tried a few different medications for oab......nothing really helped until I tried vesicare.....it&#039;s been a godsend for me what a difference to my everday life my life doesn&#039;t evolve around the loo anymore have switched to decaffeinated coffee also which doctor advised me"
"Been on Humira for 6 months, had 14 injections. It hasn&#039;t helped my UC symptoms at all. The injections burned really bad for several hours. Then the skin around the injection site  become red, raised, and very warm to the touch. The patch became bigger and bigger after each injection.   I have been more tired than I&#039;ve ever been before, and barely have any energy to do anything but go to work.  Over the few months, I&#039;ve had a few incidents of cold-like symptoms; fever, sweating, chills, that lasted sometimes more than two days.

As for my UC symptoms, there&#039;s been no change, and they possibly even got worse. On a typical day, I have 10-15 bathroom trips. On a bad day, 20 ."
"I take  10mg ambien, 3mg klonipin and 100mg of Seroquel.  Sleep pretty good most of the time.  A bit groggy in the morning but nothing a shot of coffee won&#039;t fix"
"I had been taking Requip 2 mg. ER for about 3 years. The effects were inconsistent and I was forced to supplement with 1 mg tablet before bed and when I flew or traveled by car.  I consulted with the sleep clinic which is certified for restless leg treatment. I was prescribed Horizant 600 mg 1/day and instructed to wean myself from the Requip, .5 mg 3x/day for three days, then two a day for three days then one a day for three days. The first night of Horizant and the reduced Requip was a nightmare of involuntary leg and arm movement, my entire body twisting and turning. However, remainder of my Requip withdrawal and taking the Horizant was a beautiful experience.  I slept better than I have in years. My sciatica pain also went away!"
"In the 6th grade I missed two consecutive days, then took my pill as I would any other day. Throughout the day I felt terrible and eventually I went to the nurse. She took my heart rate and said it would&#039;ve been okay if I had just sprinted a mile, but I had been sitting in class. She checked again 10 minutes later and my heart rate was slower than it should have been at a resting state. She called my parents and I went to the doctor immediately. I had to be hooked up to machines and monitored. The nurse said I was lucky not to have a heart attack that day. I&#039;ve been scared of Stratera/Adderall/Ritalin ever since."
"well, I personally do not recommend this pill. I have been SO sick since I began taking it about a month &amp; a half ago. I was doing some research today &amp; think I might be having a bad reaction to it. Not only have I developed acne, I&#039;ve been having palpitations, racing hart beat, depression, severe anxiety, chest pain &amp; heaviness and to top it off UNBEARABLE migraines every.single.day!
I feel like rubbish every single day and I do believe this medicine is the reason. Bummer."
"Smells bad but works well. I had a skin infection, which cleared up within a week."
"This medicine caused serious problems with my heart."
"Really happy with this pill.

I had been on cerazette which caused 3 months of continual spotting.

As soon as I switched to micronor it stopped and now I only get 2 days of light bleeding a month, with no adverse side-effects. :)"
"Ridiculous price. Makes using it prohibitive. Salix should be ashamed of themselves. 
Lactulose worked very well and totally affordable."
"I have been taking Belviq for close to a month with zero results.  My Doctor says it could take 6 weeks for it to kick-in.  Has anyone else experienced a positive effect after 6 weeks or more? I had my side effects the first week, but then they went away.  This medicine is too expensive to get refilled if it&#039;s not going to work."
"I have been on Nuvaring for 8  months now and overall I&#039;ve had a good experience. I used to be on the pill and would always have a period every 2 weeks instead of 3, since I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring I&#039;m right on schedule. If the ring &quot;slips&quot; it&#039;s an easy fix, and it&#039;s nice to not have to worry about taking a pill every day. It has only come out twice during sex, but again, easy fix. You can take if out before sex if you want if it makes you uncomfortable thinking your partner can feel it. My only complaint with the Nuva ring is that it has lowered my lubrication during sex."
"I find amatriptilene 50mg is helping me get a more refreshed sleep for my fibromyalgia and thus helping with pain issues....had fibro 30 plus years so its the best one I&#039;ve had"
"My husband has borderline rheumatoid arthritis, is diabetic, has bouts of atrial fib, and is overweight. He is working on losing weight, so he can have surgical oblation on his heart, to minimize the afib. He kept having extreme muscle/tendon pain. Rheumatologist dx: fibromyalgia. put on Cymbalta, 30 mg x 1wk, then 60mg. been on 60 mg x 5 days, MAJOR difference in the pain. Hasn&#039;t complained at all. Whole new world. Has even helped his depression and anxiety attacks. (not clinically diagnosed, but still there). Unfortunately, it has made him severely tired, and his libido is not what it used to be. Beginning to be on the verge of erectile disfunction. Great drug, but at what cost? Something to think about"
"I started this drug about 4 weeks ago. Since I started it I have been vomiting and having diarrhea constantly. I am also more agitated and annoyed than usual, and I have been manic several times (I&#039;m actually taking it for bipolar II, not MDD). It doesn&#039;t work as well as risperdal for controlling my mood and I can&#039;t keep anything down, but my psychiatrist thinks that&#039;s my birth control so I don&#039;t know that he&#039;ll be willing to switch me to another med. my mood swings have been a lot worse on this than on the risperdal which I wish I could have stayed on but it was messing with my prolactin levels. I almost killed myself 2 days ago and about 6 days ago I was extremely manic and spent $400 within a couple days. do not recommend for bp II."
"I had the Liletta inserted on the 7th of July (exactly a month ago) - The insertion was fantastic, I literally felt nothing (I previously had SKYLA- that was agony when inserted) Since the insertion I have had a fairly heavy period and have had non stop bright red, clotted spotting. I have also develop moderate to severe cystic acne (i had clear skin before) the acne is all down my chest, chack, forehead and dotted across my face. The dermatologist prescribed an antibiotic, I have been on it a week and the acne has gotten worse. Feeling like the Liletta may have been a mistake? The contraception benefit doesn&#039;t seem worth the acne and associated self esteem issues.Considering having it removed... Anyone else had severe acne side effects?"
"Took Zoloft for depression and anxiety and was on it for about six months. It absolutely helped and I felt less anxious almost immediately. But I stopped taking it due to increasing negative side effects. I have learned through my journey that other people&#039;s experiences of these kinds of meds are no real indication of how it will be for you personally. But sometimes it helps to share. Just take everything with a grain of salt. 
Zoloft negatives: constant yawning, first three days you feel so unwell you think you&#039;ll never be ok again.  Also, inability to have an orgasm, which lasted about three months and then I was fine. Serious vertigo that got so bad I had to stop taking it. 
Tried venlafaxine and Prozac with better results."
"My first child was conceived naturally. The second time around wasnt so easy. My doctor pescribed Clomid 50mg and I got pregnant the first month. She is now 11. My third was on clonid as well, she is 7 now. Trying for my final baby in on the first month waiting pwriod to find out if I have a bfp. The opk showed positive so my fingers are crossed. Clomid is a miracle drug for sure"
"The whole month I took this pill I was a completely different person. Moody, angry everything just bugged me. I was on Generess before but my insurance didn&#039;t cover it anymore. I&#039;m going back to Generess even if I have to pay full price."
"I started taking Vascepa at 2g to ease the muscle aches from statin use. Within 3 weeks I was pain free and in the gym. It has helped lower my trig profile by 9% and my next visit the cardiologist will set my statin dose to the lowest level. They have a prescription card on their website that will reduce your out of pocket to $25.00 copay per month."
"Effective for post op back spasms, especially at night.  Minor GI side effects without food.  No hangover."
"One of the worst experiences I&#039;ve ever had. I&#039;m 38 and have never had skin issues. Well, now my skin is worse than my 14 year old daughters skin. Within a week of going on this pill, the left side of my face developed cystic acne. A full month in and it was all over my face. I attempted to stick with it to see if I would adjust, but it has gotten worse. Today is Wednesday and I quit taking the pill on Saturday; I&#039;m hoping to see an improvement soon. I&#039;m not sure if it was the pill or my skin, but I&#039;m also pretty depressed and have lots of anxiety. I&#039;d really rather have another baby than deal with the results of this pill."
"I actually loved the Nuvaring! I did have some side effects such as cramping and breakthrough bleeding, as well as the ring actually sliding out. I know it is unheard of, but I did gain weight on the Nuvaring, nothing major but a good 5 pounds! I used the ring for about three months.  I recently switched to Lutera to see if I like that better. I will post a review on Lutera when I use it longer."
"Prior to Vytorin, I was running 40 miles a week, ate about 2 eggs per year, almost no red meat and very careful about my diet.  My cholesterol was 460 to 480 and that was with 80mg of Zocor.  After Vytorin, my cholesterol went down to the 170 range, my Good / bad cholesterol ratio went from about 4 or 5 to 1 (really) to the 1 to 1 range.  I have actually had testes where my good was matched with my bad.

Yea!  Good stuff"
"I tried Victoza 0.6 a few months ago, had severe dizziness 24/7; stopped. Wanted to try it again, as I have to lose weight and am insulin resistant. This time started at 0.3 (5 clicks). Had the headaches (head, neck), burping + some nausea, but stuck w it for 3+ weeks before moving up to 0.6. After 2+ wks of 0.6, I&#039;m now at 0.9, largely w/o side effects except constipation. My endocrinologist says the best weight loss is at 3.0, but at 0.9, I&#039;m absolutely seeing wt loss (6 lbs in a month) and noticing distinct lack of hunger. I&#039;m cautiously giving it a rating of 8, because it still beats amphetamine-like appetite suppressants. If you have trouble, start very low and take your time moving up; so far, I believe it&#039;s worth it."
"I am 65 with RA and have been on 8 different biologics.  Now on simphone doing well.  Methotrexate gave me interstitial fibrosis, another drug a dvt.  They all come with a price physically and financially but quality of life verses quantity....I choose quality. It&#039;s good to read others experiences it helps ..."
"I received Mirena at 8 weeks post, October 2011.  I just had it removed a week ago. I was not bleeding when I had it in because I was nursing, I knew that I WOULD have some spotting with the Mirena for a few weeks, not a big deal.  Well, I went to the doctor 6 months post insertion, my doctor had quit the practice so I had to see a different one, expressed my concerns about still spotting, I was spotting about 25 days a month, and she wouldn&#039;t take it out, said it should stop.  IT WAS HORRIBLE! I spotted the entire time, I had absolutely NO libido, my poor husband.  I went back to my regular doctor and he removed it last week, and I FEEL GREAT! And my sex drive is back fast and furious!!"
"I was allergic to this. Just as bad as I was when 
I used Neosporin."
"Diovan HCT induced disturbing psychedelic dreams and headache.  There is an unpublished academic article on the web about how once daily dosing of Diovan may induce psychedelic dreams and that twice daily dosing may relieve the problem. Novartis, the manufacturer, doesn&#039;t list this troubling side-effect!"
"I was taking contrave for 4 weeks. The nausea NEVER stopped. It made me feel weak and i was getting hot flashes.
On top of that? Didn&#039;t even lose one pound. Worst medication ever."
"First drug I started taking for ADD a month ago. Took the 20 mg and it felt too intense and had a ton of side effects, but after 3-5 days, was tolerable but still suffered from really bad headaches and dry mouth all day. 2 weeks later, headaches finally stopped, but dry mouth was horrible, must have drank a gallon of water or more a day and had to have candy or gum all the time. But, I could tell I was a little more productive at work. At night, I would catch myself daydreaming worse than before and wondered if I was worse without it. I felt it basically replaced my coffee and then some, but the dry mouth wasn&#039;t worth it. I am now going to start taking Wellbutrin since I am a little depressed too and that drug is supposed to help with both."
"I started using Belviq this May and have seen some nice gradual weight loss. The total weight loss is 27.35 pounds and I am pretty happy with that overall. Starting weight was 203 pounds 5&quot;6 and now I can start to exercise a little bit. My side effects were very minor just dry mouth and I was a little tired early on. This medicine has helped all my statistics for the better and that is more important to me and my doctor. Good luck as I will lose the the other 30 pond over the next eight months."
"Paragard was totally the right decision of IUD for me! I did not want to deal with the side effects of the hormones in the Mirena (or the other brands). I had a lot of friends get those removed because the hormones messed with them. Insertion was not nearly as bad as I anticipated. Definitely uncomfortable and worse than a pap smear, but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. I took plenty of ibuprofen that day and watched a season of Game of Thrones. Not a bad day. My first two periods afterward were heavier, crampy, and less predictable, but after that they got back on schedule, and the cramps are no worse now than before the IUD. In fact, they may be more mild for me now. My boyfriend can sometimes feel the string, but who cares, he can deal!"
"After trying a few other blood pressure drugs my doctor put me on Tekturna HCT and my blood pressure has averaged 130/62 for the past 9 years. The cost is high but I feel well, no side effects.  I am 86 years old."
"This was my second Colonoscopy in 5 weeks, as the Doctor was unable to access my cecum. So I had my second one September 5, 14. I was given Propofol again, only this time I was also given Lidocaine with it. The Dr. started with propofol then added the lidocaine in my iv. Was out shortly after.
I woke up feeling okay but my insides hurt and had extensive bruising on my left side, it looked like I had a bad reaction to lidocaine. It turns out it was 
really bad bruising from all the pushing down they did to complete the procedure...all benign polyps. Next test is in 3 years."
"Just finished the first pack.  I have constant mild stomach upset so that I can&#039;t eat much and have loose stools. Despite this, I&#039;ve lost only a little weight - tummy still seems bloated.  I expect this will clear up in a couple of months.

Bonus - cleared up my skin. ? - no period the first month.  

Caution:  What worries me is that it seems to have caused pretty serious depression for me.  I tend to be a bit on the sad side if I don&#039;t watch it, but this was bad.  I want to try to stick with it, but the depression feels horrible, so if next month is this bad, I don&#039;t know if I can continue."
"I am an 18 year old, sexually active female. I just wanted to start off saying that birth control will act differently to each body. After reading these reviews, I became afraid to get it since weight gain, acne, mood swings, etc. took over for many people. My experience, I got the nexplanon two days before I was supposed to get my period (04/21/15). The procedure didn&#039;t hurt, only a bit of pressure and discomfort. I did not get my period till 8 days later after getting it inserted (normal as the nexplanon does make bleeding irregular), but I had my period only for 4 days like I usually do. So far, I have had no side effects which I&#039;m grateful for. I really do like this as I do not have to worry about anything. :)"
"I&#039;ve been taking Celexa for about a month now. It helped me a little at first, now I&#039;m having crying spells and feeling hopeless again.  The glass is always half empty. I&#039;m taking 20 mg.  I was hoping Celexa would work.  I had been taking Paxil 20mg for about three years and I was so happy on it! It didn&#039;t matter what was going on in my life. I felt great.  I stopped taking Paxil because it made me sleepy all the time.  I guess I&#039;ll continue for a few more weeks with Celexa.  If things don&#039;t get better I&#039;m going back to Paxil."
"I took this as prescribed (3 hours after eating, already in bed). It took me 90 minutes to go to sleep. I woke up 2 hours later and stayed up until 7 am in the morning (5 hours). I&#039;ve got to have some strange biochemistry going on - Ambien gave me an anxiety attack and kept me up too. Both medicines seemed to depress my breathing rhythm. "
"It works well in clearing up my congestion. Felt dizzy and mouth was dry, also made me gassy."
"I&#039;m 20. After reading such terrible reviews, I was nervous about taking this pill. Quite honestly, it&#039;s a good brand. I&#039;m just about to start the 3rd pack. I&#039;ve encountered no &quot;horrible&quot; side effects! No mood swings, no headaches, etc. Pill actually helped clear my skin. (I&#039;ve had adult acne) Only effect I felt was very mild nausea. (Sea Bands helped suppress it) Also, light &quot;period&quot;. Cramps were little to none. Lasted exactly 7 days, arrived just on time. Helped prevent pregnancy despite the fact I take it over 7 hours late almost every day. Some days I&#039;m on time, other days I&#039;m early then totally late. This is my first time on BC. To say the least, nothing scary about Aviane. It&#039;s a chill pill.."
"I turned into a total zombie on this.  Literally could not get out of bed!  Doctors throw this at you when you first get diagnosed with Fibromyalgia. "
"Love this! I was a little discouraged at first because the magic number of 3 months didn&#039;t work for me. However when I hit 4 months all of my back acne was gone and my face had totally cleared up. I&#039;ve never seen anything like it. I still get the odd zit and for individuals who react well with Yaz I find that acne can be caused by eating dairy products. I don&#039;t doubt if I cut milk and cheese out of my diet, as well as continued on the pill I would have 0 acne at all."
"This drug does help me calm down and focus (it also really helped me with my anxiety) but the side effects of vomiting, feeling like I don&#039;t care about the world and my head is squished in, and ultimately my inability to stay awake throughout the day left me asking my doctor for a change of medication. For reference, this was my first medication used to manage my adult ADHD and I started on one pill for three days and was moved up to two and these side effects worsened with two pills."
"I am only 26 and was going to the bathroom every hour, and sometimes every half an hour during the day. I took Vesicare for 7 months and saw a decent decrease in the amount of trips to the bathroom. However, I was often constipated, bloated, had a headache, and experienced a change in eye prescription. I stopped taking the medication and switched to another. It took 6 months before my eye prescription stabilized to where it had originally been before Vesicare."
"I have been on this pill for 4 months now. I am fine until about an hour to 2 after I take it then I become very irritable and paranoid for some reason. I lash out on anyone in site. I have taken other birth control pills and not had these side effects."
"I&#039;ve been using Aviane for about 3.5 years now. I did notice some major mood swings getting on or off the pill, but after about a month I think my hormones regulated back to normal. Other than that I haven&#039;t had any other side effects unless you consider an almost non-existent period a side effect. I still get paranoid when I miss a period but so far so good. This has worked for me."
"I have been taking Vyvanse on and off for a little over 2 years. I am currently taking 70mg. It really helps me focus and multi-task at work. It also has helped with my anxiety and I am able to tackle things that normally I would try to stay away from doing because of my anxiety. I usually take it during the weekdays and not take it on the weekends because I can go 10 to 12 hours without eating and barely having anything to drink because my appetite is not there. I&#039;ve lost 95 pounds since taking Vyvanse. It also has made my libido go through the roof. There&#039;s an upside and downside to the medication. Overall, it has helped more than it has hurt but there are negatives and positives."
"I&#039;m a 39 y.o. male who had a job for 8 years that had it&#039;s ups and downs but pretty low with stress levels. I quit and got a new job for the new challenges and higher pay. With that, came more stress than I bargained for along with the stress of the rather long commute in horrible traffic. Long story short, I&#039;m on Zoloft now for a week and most of the symptoms have gone. I&#039;m feeling far more emotionally leveled and my thoughts are far more clear. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie either. I&#039;m feeling less affected by life or issues. It will be interesting to see how I feel in about a month when it&#039;s fully working. So far, so good."
"Started 20mg of paxil 3 weeks ago after coming of effexor. At the moment I get a lot of anxiety throughout the day &amp; sweating. Hope this starts to go soon as its still very early days."
"Lost what I typed 3 times in a row!. Xanax is awful.  Completely blacked out, wasted all my fire wood cooking a terrible meal, ended up with food everywhere and half of it missing, and came to several hours later. The rest of these pills are in the bin. Worst drug experience of my life"
"After being diagnosed with iriitable bowel syndrome with constipation, I was started on Bentyl 20mg up to 4 times a day. At first I was not happy with the tiredness so I only took twice daily, but now I take it 3-4 times a day as needed. Although it doesn&#039;t eliminate all of the cramping and gas pains, it does make a huge difference."
"I&#039;ve been on Escitalopram for 4 weeks. I must say the first week I yawned all the time and had increased anxiety. But I kept taking the 10 mg that was prescribed to me and I feel wonderful. I have zero anxiety and it makes me feel so good. I am able to enjoy life the way I should. Stick it out for the first few weeks even if you feel worse because it does get better. I am so glad I found something that makes me feel real again!"
"Not only does the medicine not work, I&#039;ve had diarrhea for two weeks and it only sticks to my teeth. The &quot;yellow&quot; side to my cheek sticks to nothing! I would not recommend this medicine to anyone. And like someone said, the package is impossible to open! I just keep cutting until I darn near cut into the medicine square. Nothing good about this medicine!"
"These reviews are highly accurate. I have suffered public speaking anxiety my whole life but I&#039;m in a position now in my job where I have no choice but to speak. Used this for the first time yesterday. Took 20 mg about 1.5 hours before my speech and was totally clam the whole time I was up there. No shaking, no racing heart and no quivering voice. Awesome! Highly recommend."
"I&#039;m in my early 30&#039;s and I have been suffering from hemorrhoids for 3 years now.  I have had multiple flares with a few visits to the ER. I have used few hemorrhoid medications and nothing has helped as much as Proctofoam. I feel the pressure go down, itchiness and size of the veins shrink within minutes. I highly recommend it. Thumbs up."
"I&#039;ve been using Epiduo (as prescribed by my dermatologist) for couple of months and it&#039;s the only product I&#039;ve tried that really cleared my acne. Be careful on applying thick layer because it might cause redness and skin will also peel. Just keep using it and you&#039;ll see the great effect for couple of weeks."
"I have mixed feelings on Ritalin I am 16 years old Diagnosed with Aspergers syndrome and ADD. I started taking 20mg in the morning, After about 10 minutes I would start feeling it, i felt full of energy and moderately euphoric. I don&#039;t know if this is a &quot;Normal&quot; reaction but it would make me feel almost manic like. But all in all the effects were  helpful! When I would usually just sit on my computer the Ritalin somehow made work enjoyable. I hated math but when on Ritalin and in school it was interesting even fun! it made everything feel positive and perfect. The reason I don&#039;t give it a 10 is because it only lasts for 3-4 hours. The comedown from this drug is quite terrible. And it gave me some annoying tics."
"My story is a positive one and meant to give others hope that they can reclaim their lives and live a normal, happy, healthy one!
Dec,2016 I became sick, overloaded, crying constantly &amp; fearful. Dr. gave me Zoloft &amp; Xanax, was terrified to take either, but started xanax once a day at .12mg and it eased anxiety soon went to .25 2x a day. Finally took Zoloft 25mg. Side effects were horrible! Upped to 37.5 after 2 months,2 months later 50.Wish I had listened and taken 50 mg First. My family forced me to stick with it, tho side effects were unbearable.Then One day ,4 weeks into the 50mg dose I felt like my old self. I was excited about life! Happy again. After a week I quit Xanax. I&#039;m Working again &amp;l oving life! Seek therapy! You can do it!"
"I&#039;ve been experiencing migraines for about 3 years now. The pain is always on one side of my head and is completely debilitating. I used to have to take a bunch of Ibuprofen and sleep in a cool dark room until it went away which took forever. Finally, I was introduced to this medicine. I took it a few hours into my migraine and the pain was gone within 15 minutes. The medicine made me feel a little weird, like my senses were overly receptive and my skin was a bit tingly. These temporary symptoms are NOTHING compared to the migraine, I&#039;ve learned to like these odd side effects because that&#039;s how I know my migraine is leaving. This is a miracle drug and over the past year I&#039;ve been taking it, it&#039;s never failed to relieve the pain."
"I have not seen Tresiba do much of anything. I was on Lantus @ 60 units 2 sX daily, along with Metformin 1000mg 2 X daily and Victoza 1.8 mg 1 X.
I switched from Lantus to Tresiba @ 70 units daily, maintaining my other meds. My morning readings sky rocketed from 85-140 to 275- 340. My diet stayed basically the same. Over a period of 4 to 6 wks, I increased the Tresiba slowly and am now up to 110 units daily. NO CHANGE !!! THIS IS CRAZY. I&#039;m going to try one more increase to 120 units. 
I had to stop Lantus b/c my ins comp (PPG / CVS- Caremark) decided not to cover Lantus."
"Myrbetriq 50mg has been great...I suffered for years with urgency, frequency and incontinence.  Within 2 weeks the medication was allowing me more time between episodes and without the side effects I was having with Toviaz and Enablex.  From the research I did prior to taking this medication, many other Pharma companies are currently studying their version of a Beta 3 agonist to treat OAB...This must be the future of treating this condition?  Thank you Astellas for being the first."
"It was awful. First dose made me itchy, second dose made my face feel swollen then I broke out in sores on my mouth. They had to put me on steroids and someone had to monitor my breathing overnight."
"I have been on this BC for 6 months, following severe scarring from cervical cancer treatment. Due to the scarring my period could not expel naturally so my fertility specialist suppressed my period completely by placing me on this 28 day cycle. I don&#039;t bleed at all, however I missed one night and by morning I had severe cramping, which also comes w/my treatment so it may not have only been caused by the BC. My mood swings suck. At first I felt tired all the time and constantly felt down, so I try and work out every morning, which helps. But I definitely still have mood swings pretty regularly. Also, my boobs have been seriously sore the entire time I&#039;ve been on it."
"Tamil the first day seemed to just make me nauseated and headache. Second day even with food I was vomiting had a severe headache. Decide for yourself I think this medication is not worth the side effects."
"I was desperate for something that would get me out of the dark abyss that is anxiety and depression, and get rid of the constant thoughts of suicide. I turned to Pristiq - it was new, and made out to be a miracle. And it was. I had no side effects when I started taking it. I was able to get back to work and perform better in school. Everything seemed great. I had my life back. Until, months later, I went my first day without it. The withdrawal symptoms were crippling. Paranoia, a pounding headache, vertigo, and sweating are just a few of the symptoms I experienced in my withdrawal.  The headache was so severe I could do nothing but lie down. I still take. Too difficult to quit. "
"I started taking this medication 9 months ago for depression and anxiety.  Before this I would cry for hours a day, couldn&#039;t focus to study or write papers (I am a senior nursing student), and was becoming suicidal.  
The first few weeks of the medication was terrible, because I was waiting for it to kick in and I had some side effects.  I felt nauseous and I couldn&#039;t stop moving.  I&#039;d shake my leg if I was sitting down and pace the hall for hours at night.  However, once I got past the first few weeks, things got much better.  I started noticing a change in my mood in about 6 weeks, which is a long time to wait, but it was worth it. I feel like myself again."
"I have been on Aviane for about 4 years now. I was fist put on it to regulate my period because I would go without having a period for as long as 3-5 months. I went to my doctor and was told it sounded like I had polycystic ovarian syndrome. Aviane made my periods regular but very light. They are only three days long. I don&#039;t know if that would be considered a side effect but it is what I&#039;m used to. I gained a little bit of weight after starting Aviane, but not very much. I get emotional the week of my period but nothing too extreme. Overall, I am happy with it, and don&#039;t see a reason to change brands."
"Sooo I was completely turned away from this prescription for about the first 4-5 weeks. I am 30 years old and I broke out like BAD and was completely miserable! Then between weeks 5-7 my face started clearing up and now I only have a couple pimples.  So my advice is give it at least 8 weeks before you give up on this medication!"
"Stopped my migraines. Hard to get over the side effects. Hard to get out of bed in the morning but well worth it. Side effects go away after a month or so."
"I&#039;ve been on 75mg of venlafaxine for 6 or 7 years. It is good for me. Before Effexor, my emotions felt like being hit by a truck. After Effexor, it gives me a moment to THINK about things, rather than just disintegrating into a puddle on the floor. I still have feelings, but they&#039;re not as overwhelming and I don&#039;t feel like I HAVE to react to them. 
Side effects: sweating and tiredness. I take a lot of naps!
Missing a dose: About an hour or two after my time to take my pill, if I forget to, I&#039;d get tingly and dizzy.
Withdrawal: I recently tried to stop taking Effexor cold turkey. I lasted 6 days. Intense anger, bursting into tears, a static feeling in my head, like a TV set on no channel, and a tingly feeling in my lips."
"I have terrible anxiety and was very afraid to take biaxin because I&#039;d never taken it before. I worry about crazy things like having an anaphylactic reaction to medications, throat swelling shut, not being able to breathe, hives ect. I was on a triple antibiotic treatment of Biaxin, Flagyl, and Prilosec  twice a day with Protonix taken alone every morning.  I always ate yogurt twice a day with the medication as well as a meal so I my stomach wouldn&#039;t hurt or be upset. I never took the medication without food as  instructed so I never had any stomach problems at all. The only side effect I had was an odd taste in my mouth but it wasn&#039;t overwhelming or bothersome."
"I had several side effects from Synthroid that I thought I just had to try and live with in order to treat my hypothyroidism.  After starting Nature-Throid, the side effects were gone and I noticed an improvement with all of my symptoms.  Today, I feel the best I have felt in 20 years.  The difference is truly amazing to me.  I didn&#039;t think I had any other options until Nature-Throid was suggested, I am so thankful for this medicine."
"A Type 2 Diabetic on Belviq (twice a day) for the last 10 weeks.
I used to Live to Eat and now I Eat to Live. Belviq has given me the full control of what to eat, when to eat and how much to eat at every meal.
Fasting Weight this morning was 224.4 Lbs down from 250.8 Lbs on 06/13/13 a 26.4 Lbs Weight Loss = 10.5%. Was able to reduce my Humalog 75/25 Insulin intake from 100 to 20 Units a day, an 80% reduction in insulin use. My Blood Glucose was also reduced from 164 to about 114 mg/dL.
Simply put, my experience on Belviq the last 10 weeks has been nothing short of AMAZING. I feel blessed that finally there is something that works incredibly well for me where I can manage my type 2 diabetes to a point where no longer need to take any more Daily Insulin Shots."
"I had Skyla put in two days ago, and honestly it wasn&#039;t bad at all. Going in it just felt like a weird cramp and it was pretty uncomfortable but considering the facts that it was over in a few minutes, I&#039;m used to terrible cramps, and I&#039;m now completely protected from pregnancy and more painful periods for three whole years, I found it to be completely worth it. Just keep taking deep breaths, take ibuprofen an hour before and after, and do your best to relax and you&#039;ll be absolutely fine."
"I have been on Yaz for a year and it has been a good pill for me. I originally started taking it becuase of acne, I really used to think that my skin was a hopeless case and I never even wanted to leave the house. It took about 2 months to see any real improvements in my skin but after the third month I completely stopped breaking out, and now I can&#039;t even remember the last time I had a pimple or a breakout when I used to break out every single day and I&#039;m talking bad acne all over my face. This pill has been wonderful in curing my acne, but the only complaint I have is that it caused me to gain weight quickly 130 to 145 (in 4 months) and now my thighs and hips are covered in stretch marks. My advice is to workout regularly and eat right."
"My Dr. prescribed Adipex  Oct 5th 2012. I was at 287lb 5%u20198%u201D and 57 years old, struggling to lose any weight but nothing, together with the Adipex my Dr. gave me other instructions, like what to eat and also to exercise. I have had no kind of side effect unless you call no appetite a side effect. I make sure that I eat at least 1200 calories daily I also exercise for 1 hour and 10 minutes every day, 7 days per week, no excuses, no nonsense. I find that when you make up your mind and heart everything was good. I%u2019m at 236lb I have the energy of a 25 year old, I%u2019m looking better and feeling better.  Soon I%u2019ll reach my goal of 180lb. Feb 23, 2012."
"I an 27 years old and I started taking tegretol 6 years ago.  I have 2 healthy kids and I have no more seizures. I used to have light ones but I didn&#039;t know what is happening for 2 or 3 seconds!! Since I started using this medicine I&#039;m feeling better. 
Half a pill in the morning and a full pill at night and it&#039;s extremely a perfect choice by the neurologist!"
"I have suffered from panic attacks since the age of 13. My doctor prescribed propranolol on an as needed basis for this and it helped tremendously. I usually have severe periods of Irritable Bowel Syndrome during my panic attacks, which can lead to having to use the restroom over 10 times a day. It&#039;s painful, makes eating impossible, is embarrassing, and is huge nuisance to deal with in public. Propranolol completely eradicates the physical manifestations of my panic attacks. The IBS is eliminated, I don&#039;t cry excessively, I don&#039;t get extremely hot or cold, I can breathe normally, and I am able to rationally address the problem at hand."
"I have been taking seroquel for a little over a year and a half now and it has been the best thing for me. I started off at 350mg when my mania was insanely uncontrollable. But after 2 months I was able to go down to 250 and ever since its been perfect because I don&#039;t fight the drowsiness in the mornings and get a great nights rest. I did gain weight, only 20 pounds, but I have always been extremely athletic (2 sport collegiate athlete) and it didn&#039;t really affect me at all.  Just as long as it keeps the manic/depressive episodes on lock down I think I can handle a curvier body.

I seriously reccommend this if you can handle a little weight gain!"
"I started Celexa in college after suffering for more than a year of horrible anxiety. I couldn&#039;t sleep, was skipping classes, and totally on edge all of the time. I finally broke down and took the first appointment I could at the clinic on campus. I filled out a bunch of forms and they came back telling me they were putting me on an antidepressant, which I hated the idea of, but hated the idea of feeling like that any longer. The first 2 weeks were horrible. Terrible migraines and increased anxiety, which they gave me xanax for. I stayed on the medication for 3 years with no bad side effects and only a couple dosage raises. I quit because I felt better and honestly wanted to drop the weight again. It really gave me my life back."
"I have suffered from prolonged migraines for over 20 years.  This is the first medicine I have used that relieved my pain.  My recent migraine was going on twelve hours when it was suggested that I try this medication.  Within 1 1/2 hours it was gone.  I am hoping not to use it again for a while, however the next time I need Cambia and it works, I will have found my miracle."
"At the age of 59 and after 2 bladder surgeries, I was beside myself with my leakage problems. I have been taking Vesicare for 5 weeks now and am a totally new person.  I no longer run into the house making a beeline to the bathroom.  I can control my urge until I get the the bathroom.  No massive leaks or unable to stop.  Vesicare started working after 2 days.  As far as I can tell, I have no noticeable side effects."
"Only been taking for 3 days. I have heart burn, stomach cramps, upset stomach, but I hope after a week all these will stop. So I&#039;m going to stick with Cymbalta."
"So I&#039;ve been on Tri-Nessa for almost 2 months,and each time i start a new pack i get bad stomach pains and then on week 2 everything is back to normal. Since I&#039;ve been on it i vomited twice and anytime i eat something my stomach feels empty, even though i ate a lot. My periods have been coming on time and my face is clearing. My only problem is the bad stomach pains."
"I recently experienced a week of panic attacks. The first 3 times I took a pill...they were .5, it worked and I could calm down. After that the small dose did not work and I landed in the ER. I take nothing else and haven&#039;t taken any other benzo in years. I&#039;d like to give it a lower rating due to the fact that dependency happens so fast if you aren&#039;t careful and can&#039;t cope other ways. They are definitely a bandaid. They do work though to stop panic . Just be careful and only take as necessary. Side effect..calm and sleepy..in a daze. Took an hour for them to kick in also."
"Half the reviews on here are a load of garbage. They range from &quot;the side effects are too awful&quot; to &quot;It gives me more anxiety&quot;. Do yourself a favor and do not read to any review from anyone who has taken this drug for less than 8 weeks. If you are serious about reducing your anxiety, then grow some balls and give zoloft time to work. 

Yes, you&#039;re going to have a number of side effects in the beginning, ranging from drowsiness, nausea, sexual disfunction, loss of appetite, and even increased anxiety. Guess what, nearly all of these are going to disappear after the first two weeks. In fact, all of the side effects disappeared for me, and it wasn&#039;t until around week 8 that I felt the glorious power of this drug. 

GIVE IT TIME"
"Been on the tablets for a week and only went one time and it was difficult to pass. Not happy"
"This is the BEST and only medicine that works for me for GERD and ulcers. I&#039;ve tried others at my insurance company request but this is the only one that really works."
"I am currently on day 2 of this medication and I&#039;ve had some troubling side effects. Very tired, nasty taste in my mouth and bouts of dizziness along with slight tummy upset and feeling foggy at times. I wish I would have been warned before taking it that it&#039;s best to take with probiotics, I have been eating yogurt, but from what I&#039;ve read about this medication, it takes a lot more than yogurt to keep things normal. Thankfully I only have to take it for 4 days, 2 tabs every 6 hours, for a tooth infection. I am hoping I don&#039;t develop any of the really awful side effects.  The only reason I was prescribed was because I had am allergic reaction to Augmentin. Given the severity of the side effects you&#039;d think they would warn patients."
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil for  approximately 15 years now, and I absolutely believe it has saved my life.  After only about 2 weeks, I had the first &quot;good day&quot; I could ever remember having.  Until taking Paxil, I never realized that people could actually be genuinely happy.  There have been a few times during the first 5 years or so when I tried to stop cold turkey.  The side effects were really awful and I almost immediately went back into severe depression.  I&#039;ve since just accepted that I&#039;ll be on medicines the rest of my life. Small price to pay for the benefits.  However, I think I am in the minority in that I didn&#039;t experience any particular side effects while on Paxil; only when trying to stop."
"I was perfectly controlled on Seratide but my medical practitioner advised me to change. As far as I can tell, Symbicort has no effect at all. I don&#039;t get relief from the reliever part and I wake up coughing and spluttering. I still need to use ventolin. If I didn&#039;t know better, I would say it was a placebo."
"I&#039;ve been taking Paxil since I was 9 years old. I&#039;m now 19. Paxil has changed for the best. As a child I missed 4 months of school because I was so scared and nervous, I would puke until my parents told me I didn&#039;t have to go then I would instantly feel better. I tried in middle school to stop taking Paxil but I became scared, nervous, and edgy. It has just given me a little balance and control over myself, I&#039;m very thankful for Paxil and that medication has come so far and has offered neurological help and relief to those who need it"
"I know it protects me from having babies but the first month I was spotting every day. Now in my fourth month its the same, spotting every single day. No change in my libido nor my hair is falling, nor have acne. I just hate that I&#039;m bleeding even though my doctor said there might be none. I was expecting more out of this."
"I had my skyla inserted three days ago (February 15th, a lovely late Valentine&#039;s Day present) I knew the inserting and measuring weren&#039;t going to feel good and I was right but the pain was like a bad period cramp that lasts for maybe 30ish seconds. I&#039;ve been on the pill for 6 years prior to my getting the skyla (I&#039;m 20 w/ no kids) and found myself forgetting to take my pill on time or at all! Which is not good as I am in no way, shape, or form ready for a mini me. My doc had me come in while I was on my period as the cervix is looser when your menstruating. I had it put in on the second day of my period and by the next day I had stopped bleeding!! I hope this continues as that was the major appeal for me of this BC."
"I have emphysema related anxiety and Xanax is the only thing that helps me. It does not get rid of the anxiety attacks but is strong enough to manage getting my anxiety attack under control. The quality of my life is unbearable without this medication."
"Suffered from migraines for 14 years trying dozens of over the counter and scripts. I ended up in the er because I had a migraine for a month straight day and night. I was told that day I have a tumor in my brain. I had to see a neurologist for my tumor and he prescribed them to me. It is a wonder pill for me. It has been 4 years now I only get a migraine once in a while. I gave me my life back. I am a mother of 3 and recommend it to every single person I meet that suffers from migraines. So that they can have their lives back as well."
"I went into preterm labor with my second at 34 weeks had him at 35. For unknown reason. My obgyn offered the mekena injection. Boy it hurt my nurses found out the higher the shot in the hip toward the spin the better. I wouldn&#039;t feel a thing. It did make me feel sick. I am more happier. I am now at 36 weeks and getting my last injection. We shall see. But it&#039;s expensive if insurance doesn&#039;t cover. Thank goodness mine did. Also trips once a week since 16 weeks pregnant , that&#039;s a huge down. But she is healthy and I soon will hold her in my arms."
"Have been on Votrient for almost 12 months. The first 6 months on 400mg a day, sometimes not taking it at all because the side effects were so horrendous. Then it was upped to 800mg a day "
"Nucynta ER has worked wonderful for pain relief for me. It does keep me up if taken at bedtime though. You can find a coupon on line to keep your monthly costs down."
"My husband was diagnosed with right renal cell cancer May 2014. A brain tumor was found on an MRI that same month, along with small spots on lungs. Gamma Knife procedure done May 2014. Right Nephrectomy June 2014. Brain tumor removed September 2014.  He didn&#039;t start Votrient 800 mg until December 2015 due to a small spot they found on the left kidney during a routine CT scan.  Since taking the medication, his hair has turned from red to white.  Other side effects include high blood pressure, nausea, diarrhea and being tired.  He was on blood pressure medication prior to taking Votrient. Now he is on three blood pressure meds and now the blood pressures are within a normal range.  Spots may or may not be cancer. So far, tolerating med well."
"This is a miracle drug! For the first time in 20 years, have not wanted to smoke."
"I took 1 tablet of Dulcolax late at night before bedtime (11:00pm) because I hadn&#039;t passed a bowel motion in 4 days. Everything was fine until about 5:00am. I woke up with nauseating cramps and felt like I had food poisoning. I have lived with irritable bowel syndrome for years, so for me to say that...the pain has to be pretty bad. Within an hour I pretty much emptied my entire colon, and it was not a pleasant experience. I would &quot;go&quot; multiple times with in-between periods of intense cramping where I&#039;d have to lay down on the floor.

However, I&#039;ve read other reviews and found that while some people had a similar experience to mine, others didn&#039;t at all. I did feel fine afterwards. Next time I&#039;ll definitely be taking half a pill instead of a whole!"
"I&#039;ve been on Junel for 2 months now. And I haven&#039;t got my period. I also been extremely tired all the time and moody. My boobs always hurt. Going to talk to my doctor to see if they can change my birth control..."
"It has been very helpful in controlling my UC.  I have been taking it since my last episode along with prednisone and it has been a life saver.  I have had no really side effects except extra secretion of saliva, but I am starting to feel much better since starting these medicines."
"I was on Topiramate 50mg for 9 weeks. This helped a lot with my headaches, however I had some pretty bad side effects ranging from anxiety, anger, moody swings, pins and needles, feet numbness, loss of taste after the first pill, sleepless nights and just constant state of feeling out of it like a junkie. It certainly lived up to its nickname dopeamax. I went back to the DR and got off these pills straight away."
"These are terrible, will not stick at all.  Tried 3 out of 5.  Will return to WalMart."
"Bad drug I wonder If all the good reviews  on the internet was written by the Company behind it ...first i took 5mg X2  The morning dose made me sleepy at the point that I can&#039;t stay awake for 5 minutes...Now I take 10mg at night It makes me sleep for 12 hours (Can&#039;t wake up) &amp; gave me Flat affect- totally impaired Thinking- Loss Of hope in life - Suicidal thoughts -Problems in tongue &amp; Talking ( bec. Its sublingual) ...Horrible Drug &amp; Don&#039;t Believe All the good reviews you read !"
"Darvon was only one of two medicines, which didn&#039;t really help. Sedating but no real pain relief, sort of a distraction from pain. I was being treated for prophylaxis of tuberculosis with Isoniazid (INH), so my options on pain medicines were a bit limited to &quot;nothing with acetaminophen&quot; -which mostly left the strong painkillers - finally MD found some Vicoprofen, which worked well but not &quot;too well&quot;."
"Oh my!!. I have the 7 day treatment. On Day 1. Will not be continued. I inserted the cream &amp; thought okay...not bad.. a little uncomfortable but okay. Went to sit on couch. Holy Moly. When I say on fire, I&#039;m talking a lighter straight up the hoo-ha!!! I jumped up and ran to attempt to get it out!!!! Now I&#039;m soaking in hot water. Never, I repeat, never use this stuff!! Felt bad before?? Nah, you&#039;ll wish you felt like before you did this to yourself!!! Don&#039;t worry,  you&#039;re not dying,  it just feels like it!!"
"I started Implanon about a year ago. Over all i am really pleased with its affects. Some things that i dont really like is i spot here and there ( not to often though ) and the first few months i had it in my arm irritated me really badly. Other then that I have not gained any weight, have had no major mood swings, it almost completelly eliminated my cramps and back pain ( which was very severe before ) and my boyfreind and I are able to have a very good sex life. Its given both of us alot of peace of mind. I excersize and eat healthy on a daily basis, which i believe is one of the reasons why this has worked so well for me. All around i would recommend this birthcontrol, while maintaining a healthy diet and excersize."
"I am a 29 year old male. I have been overweight pretty much all my life. I started the trial does of Qsymia on 1/16/13 weighing 315lbs.  I did not notice any changes at all in my eating or any side effect after the first few days, so I started to take the regular dose.  Since that time I have lost about 0.5 to 1 pound a day. Today (2/24/13) I weighed in at 286.2lbs.  So almost 30 pounds. I do the elliptical for about 30-35 min a day and I eat about 1500-1800 calories a day.  I know I should eat more, but I am just not that hungry.  No side effects. Hope I am not losing the weight too fast..."
"I was pretty much forced into trying this injection because I have history of premature labor. I did it every week same day of the week for 6 months and I still went into labor at 36weeks same as my son without the injection. It made my bones hurt like I had arthritis and I felt weak. I wouldn&#039;t suggest this for anyone. It did nothing for me. And I was worried what it did do to my baby if it didn&#039;t help at all."
"I have been taking Lotronex for nearly 10 years (before and after it was pulled from the market). I&#039;m male in my early 50s and have had irritable bowel syndrome since early childhood. Lotronex has been remarkably effective at controlling diarrhea and reasonably effective at moderating pain and intestinal cramps (though I still take dicyclomine) to help with that.  I was taking 2mg Lotronex a day with virtually no side effects. Occasional constipation but stopping the medicines for a day would fix that problem.  I recently cut back to 1/2 mg a day because my new insurance will not pay for it because I&#039;m not female (maybe I should have a sex change operation).  If you suffer from IBS-D and have not considered Lotronex you should definitely talk to your doctor about it."
"I was on Remicade for several years. I recently switched over to Entyvio. It seemed to be helping, but the benefits only lasted about 6 weeks. My Dr just added Methotrexate to help boost the effectiveness. So far seems to be working better than Remicade.

That said, everyone and every case is different. It comes down to you working with your doctor(s) to find the best plan for you. Don&#039;t give up, keep trying."
"I had a horrible infection affecting my whole left side gum line. The pain was terrible. My Dentist prescribed Amoxicillin and it didn&#039;t touch the infection. He then prescribed Clindamycin 300mg every 6 hours. Within a couple of days the pain was so much better but the side effects are a nightmare. I have diarrhea, stomach cramps, bloating &amp; dizziness. I&#039;ve been watching for C. Diff but I think I just have diarrhea. This medicine is taking care of my infection but I can&#039;t wait until it&#039;s done so I will feel better. I recommend it."
"I recently had back surgery for spinal stenosis.  I was having leg pain and the pain in my leg was worse than before surgery.  After surgery I was also experiencing new pain of stabbing, electrical sensations in addition to the pain I previously had.  I was prescribed Neurontin and the doctor kept raising the dose with no difference in my pain.  I heard of similar experiences and being switched to Lyrica and it made a huge difference.  I was in so much pain day after day.  I switched to Lyrica and I have had nearly full relief of the pain I was having.  I can&#039;t even describe how much this medication has helped me.  If you find yourself in the same experience there is hope.  Keep communicating with your surgeon and try Lyrica."
"I just wanted to say that for the past 7 years I have been addicted to oxy&#039;s and morphine and a lot of it. I started taking Suboxone 4 months ago after long deliberation. I also didn&#039;t believe that I could come off the drugs and not experience the withdrawal we all have come to know and hate so much but I did give it a chance and it has been the  best decision that I&#039;ve made for myself in a very long time. I would recommend this medicine to anyone and everyone who suffers from opiate addiction but wishes to have their life back."
"I have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis, so am in fairly constant pain.  Ultram has really been a lifesaver, allowing me to work and play.  Headache is sometimes a problem, but I think almost always in combination with caffiene."
"I have had RSD for 10 years and during my second year I used Neurontin and it took care of 95% of my pain for about 10 months and then one day it just quit working for me. Most other RSD patients that I talk to have the same result as I did. Every now and then I will hear that it works for someone that has been taking it for several years."
"It&#039;s good pain killer but do not use to much. Always talk to your doctor if you start talking to much."
"Have had two yeast infections in the last two months, most likely brought on by stress, HORRIBLE diet and lack of sleep. Both time I took a series of three Diflucan three days in a row. It helped, but took about 5 days to see any real results. My biggest issue is the rash I get &quot;down there&quot; on a yeast infection. Sadly, Diflucan doesn&#039;t help that. It&#039;s day 7 and the infection is mostly cleared. Just waiting on the rash to clear up."
"Yaz was the worst thing to ever happen to me. I switched from Minastrin FE to Yaz because my doctor said it would be more effective for my skin... WRONG. I had moderate - mild hormonal acne before Yaz but after taking Yaz for just 1 month my skin broke out like crazy. It was so painful and horrible I wouldn&rsquo;t leave my house. My doctor told me not to panic and give it the full 3 months... I took it for 4 excruciating months and my face got progressively worse the entire time I was on it. I stopped taking it and my dermatologist put me on antibiotics which finally cleared my skin. But the whole experience was so bad I will never take this pill again. HORRIBLE."
"When they tell you Mirena can cause irregular periods, they&#039;re not joking. I had read a review that someone wrote saying they ruined every pair of underwear that wasn&#039;t black, &amp; they definitely were not joking either! Before Mirena I had very heavy periods, I mean super plus in 3 hours on day 1. Mirena has lightened that tremendously! Although in the past 2 months, something has gone haywire! Last month, I had a 3 WEEK LONG PERIOD. It would stop for one day, then kick start as if it&#039;s day 1 and on all over again. I am currently on my second week this month, so I called &amp; asked what I can do. They said there&#039;s nothing! It is a hormone, so it effects everyone differently. Otherwise, I&#039;m not pregnant, &amp; my 3 wk periods are lighter!"
"I have had Nexplanon since May of 2013, it is now September of 2014 and I am pleased to say it has been a good experience. I haven&#039;t gained any weight on Nexplanon. I actually feel like my sex drive has increased. I haven&#039;t had issues with acne. I&#039;ve had a period that hasn&#039;t lasted longer than a week and a half and have only one every few months. After reading other reviews I feel extremely lucky. The only thing I have to complain about would be that every now and then if I lay on my arm with the injection site I sometimes experience discomfort but that seems like a small issue and after my third year I plan on getting Nexplanon again. Hope this helps!"
"Long story short: It was my first time, the condom broke, and I was terrified.

The next day (6 days ago), I bought the pill ($50.00) and took it as soon as I got home (approx. 26 hours after the incident).

I had no side effects, which kinda freaked me out more because I thought it wasn&#039;t working, but I started bleeding last night, (my period ended 8 days ago) so I&#039;m guessing it worked. I will take a test later to make sure."
"I have had a yeast infection only once before , the first time went to a doctor right away. Now that I recognize the symptoms I am trying to treat on my own. But I am also on my period while using this product (yes , it&#039;s getting pretty messy) and now the most annoying deep intense itch that I can&#039;t seem to relieve , I keep squeezing my muscles to relieve but nothing . Oh yes and the burning ... Although I honestly would take the burning no problem if I could just get rid of this itching sensation. Worse than the actual infection :( considering scooping this stuff out in the tub."
"I had high hopes for Belsomra. My neuro mentioned it to me last Fall and I was first in line for a prescription when it became available in ~January. Ambien CR has proven effective over the years. Clonazepam is a great occasional substitute. But Belsomra? Nothing. No impact whatsoever. 20 mg, nothing. 40 mg, nothing. I&#039;d happily pay the $100 per mon if it worked."
"I just started this medicine 3 days ago and I cannot express how much of an effect it has had on me already. I just graduated high school and became depressed soon after, severe anxiety where I couldn&#039;t go out to eat without having to vomit. I also couldn&#039;t keep focus on anything, especially when trying to talk to people, and overall was in the worst state of my life. Thought I was hopefully, constantly having break downs etc. the doctor prescribed this medicine to me a few months before graduation due to anxiety and overall not feeling myself, I was definitely skeptical and taking medicine in my eyes was a sign of weakness so, I put off the treatment hoping I could cure myself out of this funk. I went to ctb and it helped but it was mainly focused on anxiety. I stopped going because it seemed a waste of my time. Graduation rolls around, my best friends leaves for college really early and my life falls apart. A week was about all I could take of the constant emptiness, headaches and nauseous I got from being so depressed so I decided to start lexapro. The doctor prescribed me 10 mg and the first day I took it (in the morning) I was in a state of euphoria. Just a little background on myself, I was never that outgoing but constantly happy. Never the one to be outgoing in front of strangers and was very conscious of people around me. Not on this pill. I was loopy, could not stop laughing and would not shut up. Although this was great, it did not feel normal and I had very bad dizziness and insomnia that night as the drug began to wear off.. But I wasn&#039;t laying in bed miserably like I did countless nights before, I kind of sat there with a smile so it was actually kind of creepy. That morning I called my physician and asked if this was a normal or okay reaction considering I&#039;ve been told you shouldn&#039;t feel anything for 4-6 weeks. He mentioned that it was &quot;weird&quot; that I had this response but it was a negative one. He recommended I cut my dosage in half and stick with taking 5 kg a day since the 10 obviously overtook my body. Within hours of hanging up I popped half a tablet and can honestly say I felt happy without many side effects. I continued this the following day and my relationship with my boyfriend, family, and friends has greatly improved, I sleep better, I can laugh and actually mean it and I can go in public places without constantly being self conscious. I&#039;ve heard it can have bad results in week 1 and 2 but after taking this medicine for only 3 days, whether it&#039;s the placebo effect or not, has saved me and helped me to return to my normal self."
"I went to my doctor because I was 128.6 kgs. My knees were starting to give out, I had terrible insomnia, sore spine, I was constantly sick all the time due to a low immune system so because I never exercised, I always developed a swollen throat and developed constant fevers. 

My doctor prescribed me duromine (which is the equivalent of phentermine) and saw the results pretty much immediately. It took me 6 months but I managed to lose 30 kgs just like that. And it keeps falling off. I exercise everyday now, I eat 1400 calories. I&#039;m happier, healthier, I never get sick. People talk to me since I give off a different vibe. I recommend Phentermine to those who are having trouble losing weight."
"I&#039;ve been on this for about 6 months now. I usually get really tense being in stores or in public for that matter. Now I can go out and play ball with my son at the park, go into any store and be relaxed and so far there&#039;s been not one side effect. I would definitely recommend this to anyone."
"I take mucinex D 600/60mg every morning for chronic sinus issues. It has helped considerably with sinus headaches. I would not recommend taking the 1200 mg strength, nor should you take 2 of the 600 unless it is EARLY in the morning... and only for a couple of days.  The 1200mg strength has 120mg of long acting sudafed... that is too much from my experience. DO NOT take this med after say 12 noon.  It will keep you awake for at least 8 hrs!  ALSO if you take this long term... it is not something you want to quit suddenly... wean yourself off to prevent irritability, etc."
"This is the  same  ingredient as  of mirvaso  all they want  is  the  peoples  money they  don&#039;t  care  for  anybody.  You  don&#039;t  want to  see my  face  after  this.  Two  creams  thanks  gardema  you have destroy my live."
"I refused ADD/ADHD medications my entire life until I was 21 years old and doctor finally convinced me to try it. After struggling academically for years and years, now as a college student I am receiving near perfect grades in every course. Before Vyvanse, I thought these medications were a joke, but I now admit that I was wrong."
"Dear God thank you!!!!! PTSD causing insomnia and crippling panic attacks!! Have been on every SSRI made the panic worse! Basically I just can&#039;t take SSRI and SSNRI.  They led me to panic disorder as if anxiety and insomnia weren&#039;t bad enough. I suffered for ten years until I crashed  Then I started 0.25 immediate relief! By 8 weeks no panic and by 9 weeks I am sleeping. I have no side effects for me other then next day brain fog.  Just kind of like duhhhhhh lol it went away. I should&#039;ve, could&#039;ve and wish I  would&#039;ve a done this sooner!!! Very cheap older med of the tryclic antidepressants. I also tolerate trazodone hence my PCP going for this ! Never give up peeps!!"
"This medicine is great. It is the only medicine that will stop my headaches. Just one pill worked within 30 minutes. The only side effect was super sensitive salivary glands. Worth the money."
"I have been on Cialis 5mg daily for two years. Urologist appointments every six months. I saw him today and PSA test down to 1.88 from 2.0 in past year.
Got new 90 day prescription for Cialis 5mg. Night time bathroom trips average once. Improved energy levels and constant state of semi-arousal. 
I&#039;ve had no side effects from the 5mg regimen.  I will be 90 years old in 3 months!"
"Had low testosterone. I was in a car accident and had a head injury. This caused my pituitary gland to stop working and shrank from the pressure in my brain. I didn&#039;t want a patch. I inject every 2 weeks and it works great. It&#039;s much cheaper, nobody has to know unless you tell them and it takes 5 minutes every 2 weeks. What could be easier."
"I am 24 and the mother of a 3 yr old. I have had Mirena for about 3 months now. Insertion was uncomfortable and I had cramping that could compare to mild contractions for the whole afternoon/night after. Since then I haven&#039;t really had any issues other than bleeding lightly off and on for the past 2 months but I haven&#039;t had to wear anything more than a panty liner. I have checked my Iron levels to make sure it wasn&#039;t effecting me and I was above average. I did notice mild mood swings in the beginning but they went away and I have also lost weight. I would recommend Mirena to others, I researched before I had the procedure done and I asked my doctor a lot of questions to make sure it was the right choice for me."
"I was one if the unlucky ones, and experienced a ton of negative side effects from Viibriyd: sleep paralysis, falls, insomnia, increased anxiety/panic, loss of concentration, a carnival of digestive effects, dizziness, loss of appetite, forgetfulness, etc. Each increase in dosage made the side effects worse.

If I&#039;d had a fraction of my usual judgment I would have asked to be taken off of it after the first week.

I&#039;m currently tapering off, and for me, the withdrawal symptoms are totally preferable to the side effects.

Viibryd is great for a lot of people, and that&#039;s awesome. If it is making you feel worse than when you started, stay in close contact with your doctor and do not hesitate to question whether you should stay on it."
"I was on Provigil for about 2 yrs, but when my doctor switched me to Nuvigil, it was so much better. I felt as if I had my life back and for months it worked. With both Provigil and Nuvigil, they work great for a while, then they seem to loose their power. I still have chronic fatigue, plus muscle weakness. I am hoping that my doctor will try me on something else."
"For the first few weeks, I felt amazing. So much better, I couldn&#039;t believe it. I hadn&#039;t been that totally free from visions with any other medication. I didn&#039;t much enjoy randomly falling asleep when I took my afternoon dose, but at the time it seemed worth it. However, after about a month, I started feeling like the best thing for me to do would be to kill myself. I didn&#039;t get depressed, none of my old symptoms returned, I just felt like it was the logical thing to do. It felt so normal that I didn&#039;t report it to my doctor for a month. He told me to stop taking Saphris and within 2 weeks all of my suicidal thoughts stopped. My symptoms returned, but it was a fair trade. I just want people to know and to be careful."
"I started Contrave on September 17 and as of this morning, I&#039;m down 15 lbs. I also joined Weight Watchers on line to keep track of my calories and exercise. The only side effects I have is dry mouth, which just requires me to drink more water which is a good thing, and some constipation, but I just increased my fiber, water intake and used a stool softener and was back to normal within 4 days. My doctor wanted to put me on Lipitor because of my high cholesterol. I asked her to let me try to lose weight first. So, to me the $90 is worth it so that I can avoid any type of prescriptions."
"Product works good however I am getting cramps in the back of my neck. May not be worth having problems urinating if the neck cramps prevent me from doing normal work."
"I was on Celexa which helped a lot for the first few months, then I started getting moody again. After about 2 years I went cold turkey. I was so depressed, it took a lot to just get out of my bed. I then tried Wellbtutrin, I liked it but I had a bad headache. I thought I could be okay off an antidepressant because I forgot what it was like not to be on one. So I dropped the Wellbutrin. I had nervous stomachs, crying, everything. My doctor gave me Pristiq and I have never felt so good in my life. I rate this a ten. It&#039;s the best."
"I have had skyla for about 5 months and it&#039;s been GREAT! I had some cramping after insertion but wasn&#039;t anything to bad have had very light periods and I&#039;m starting to lose weight! I love my skyla IUD"
"Depression ever since I can remember.  Had 15 good years on Prozac, but it stopped working.  Have been trying all kinds of antidepressants &amp; in December I was put on Lamictal.  Worked up to 100 mg, stayed on for awhile, not much happening - thought it was just another med that wasn&#039;t going to work.  My doc said the &quot;therapeutic&quot; dose so am slowly titrating up to 200 mg - currently at 175/day.  Just yesterday I think I started feeling the miracle of Lamictal kicking in!  Yesterday and today I have felt better than I have felt in soooooo long - don&#039;t stop before the miracle happens (unless you have bad side effects, like the rash, which thankfully I do not have).  I want to shout my gratefulness from the rooftops!!"
"This medicine made me emotionless. For the first couple of months I was fine and now I can&#039;t be happy when I want to or sad when I want to. I also have no sex drive. I&#039;m on Paxil for anxiety, but because it works as a mood stabilizer as well it took away my personality."
"I first got on methadone maintenance (MMT) in 1995 for an addiction to opioid pain meds. Once on, I never touched any other drug. I got my life back. I took 100mg daily thru my clinic. After 9 yrs I caved to pressure from my family and 12 step group who felt that I was &quot;still using&quot;.  I weaned myself from MMT in two yrs. Within a year, I started using methamphetamine, IV Heroin was next. I got back on MMT after 3 years. Been on it 8 years again. I can&#039;t stress enough how well I do on MMT. Same job, home, and freedom from the highs and lows of addiction. Only go to clinic monthly and I never have withdrawal. This should be the LAST RESORT opioid treatment, however."
"It&#039;s extremely effective as far as not getting pregnant, but those side effects are something else. At first when I first got it it was right after having my son so probably like 2 weeks after my 6 week check up. I bled for at least 2-3 months it was absolutely horrible. Not a light flow either. I&#039;m gaining literally a lot of weight, at first the weight gain isn&#039;t noticeable, but then it just hits you. I haven&#039;t changed my eating habits or anything. Even joined a gym, but that doesn&#039;t seem to help. My depression is at an all time high. Really Moody. And sometimes after I have sex I bleed for literally a week or two. I really don&#039;t recommend it, because of the side effects."
"When I started taking Lyrica for my migraines, my &quot;episodes&quot; were less severe and lasted a shorter amount of time. I have not experienced any of the side effects. So, for me Lyrica has been a big help."
"I take allergy shots for air and mould.  The shots are marvellous, but occasionally when air and mould allergens are high I get a reaction.  That&#039;s when I take Zyrtec.  In couple of days my symptoms lessen, and by the third day they are gone.  Excellent product.  BTW, I have never experienced any negative side effects from Zyrtec."
"Not only does the medicine not work, I&#039;ve had diarrhea for two weeks and it only sticks to my teeth. The &quot;yellow&quot; side to my cheek sticks to nothing! I would not recommend this medicine to anyone. And like someone said, the package is impossible to open! I just keep cutting until I darn near cut into the medicine square. Nothing good about this medicine!"
"This is my first time taking birth control pills and I have only been on this pill for almost a week but I already feel like I am going to love it. My mood has improved and my appetite is also suppressed. I have already lost a few pounds. One negative side effect is that I have been spotting since day 1 but its manageable and they say this goes away after your body adjusts to the hormones."
"Hydroxyzine and Benadryl saved my life!!!
I took a trip for 4 months to Wisconsin. In the last month I was full blown with panic, sense of fear, insomnia, fear of being alone! I thought it must be from stress, but I was wrong! I left that state and returned to Florida, my home land, and again the insane anxiety, and after 2 trips to ER I was prescribed hydroxyzine. Walla my suicidal thoughts were gone! And now I can sense the symptoms coming and I pop a pill of either and I&#039;m good. "
"Love it! The first two weeks were horrible and it felt like I had the flu without the cold symptoms. I am now into my 3rd week on this medicine and I feel great. If you can get past the first 2-3 weeks of side effects it is well worth your while. I love it. I feel so great. I&#039;m yet to feel the full on effects of this medicine and I can&#039;t wait for it."
"I was taken off tysabri when my original consultant left the hospital. After 5 years of better quality of life I now experience some nasty side effects after coming off the drug. Terrible rashes m.s symptoms returning ie dizziness, fatigue, coordination problems to name a few. Feel pretty rubbish to be honest. Consultant said couldnt justify script as scans had no changes. And was concerned about PML risk. I accept the risk, always have. Surely scans indicate drug doing what is expected? Am stuck now, what is available for me to try? Cost a big deciding factor!"
"I was started at 40mg and got mild nausea but doing good mood wise.  Increased to 80mgs and starting getting physically sick within 20 minutes of taking it.  It would have made a good diet medicine for me, but that is not why I was on it."
"After several stressful life events I developed an anxiety disorder which quickly evolved into depression. Originally I started on Citalopram which wasn&#039;t great, only reduced anxiety by 10% at most, pumped Citalopram up to 30mg/ day, no great improvement. Saw a psychiatrist (who worked with me to start the medication merry-go-round) and started Escitalopram (Lexapro). Lexapro had much the same effect as the Celexa but the mood improved a little. 
We raised Lexapro from 20-30mg/ day and the anxiety MELTED away, the effect was very pronounced, not totally stress free but no panic attacks and no ever constant anxiety. Tiredness was an issue so we&#039;ve added 5mg/day Edronax (NRI) which has been excellent. Find what works for you - be strong."
"I had mild acne for almost 2 years and kept it at bay using over the counter treatments such as face washes and proactive (which didn&#039;t work at all). As I approached the 9th grade my doctor put me on doxycycline to prevent scarring. Even after the first week I saw immediate results! It was truly amazing after 6 weeks. I sometimes have bad stomach pain and peeling skin but it&#039;s really a small price to pay for good skin. Even though I still have mild breakouts and small larger pimples I have another month to go on my prescription. HIGHLY RECOMMEND, IT KEPT ME OFF ACCUTANE."
"I&#039;ve been on 600 mg in the morning (an hour or more before I get out of bed) and 1200 mg. at 6:30 p.m. for a bedtime of 10:00 p.m. In almost a month I&#039;ve had a return of my &quot;can do&quot; attitude, a reduction in pain, a seeming improvement in memory and the greatest sleep in years. Unfortunately I&#039;ve also had a 16 pound weight gain. I am already obese, so this is a huge problem. It breaks my heart because for the first time in 27 years I&#039;ve been excited to have a flower garden again. Before that I had no interest because even the thought of it was too overwhelming due to pain. Dizziness was a very bad problem at first but I was down in bed anyway for other problems so it didn&#039;t matter to me. That wore off (mostly) in three weeks."
"I was diagnosed with GAD (general anxiety disorder) I was previously on cipralex and felt like a zombie taking it. I didn&#039;t want to take it anymore so my doctor prescribed me celexa about a month ago.

I have a bit of a hard time sleeping, tossing and turning but overall I do get my rest. 
I feel drowsy after the first few hours of taking it. Little bit irritable sometimes, short of patience. Over all I&#039;m not overthinking at night anymore, not stressing nearly as much and actually have motivation to do the things I want to."
"Been on it long term, coming of it slowly but seem to be having some side effects. Then again doing better then I thought."
"I&#039;ve been using Ortho Novum 777 for about 6 months now, I switched from the Xulane patch that I had been using for 6 years. I thought the side effects from the Xulane were just me until I switched. On Xulane, I was experiencing heavy flow, migraines, mood swings, and a crazy sex drive, and was really hard for me to lose weight. Now I no longer experience ANY migraines, mood swings and my sex drive seems a lot more normal. I also have only a 2-3 day light period. The first couple of days taking Ortho Novum 777, I experienced light nausea but after that no more. I am not sure if this pill had any effect on me losing weight since I started exercising and eating healthier at the same time but I&#039;ve lost 27 lbs."
"Been in WeightWatchers for a year and struggled a bit now I am losing steadily for the 2 months thanks to Belviq my starting weight was 309 and now 269"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for several weeks now (Effexor XR 37.5mg daily) and it has helped me a lot more than the Celexa I was on. 

Although recently (within the last 10 or so days) I have experienced very mild headaches that last a long time and feeling fatigued all day. Caffeine doesn&#039;t help and extra sleep doesn&#039;t help. 

I&#039;ve had problems with fatigue all my life but this feels different. I am not sure if this is related to the medication because I have not had any side effects and I&#039;ve been on this medication for almost a month now."
"I  saw a difference in about 2 days I tried everything under the sun this drug is awesome so far"
"I&#039;m sure you have read plenty of reviews about this product by now and hopefully your not like me and decide to try it anyway. Please don&#039;t. Spare you and your vagina the agony and the excruciating pain. This is the worst sensation I&#039;ve ever felt! It feels like my insides were scraped with a fine cheese grater then acid was poured in there and fire ants are biting me! I am shaking and have goosebumps from the pain. To all the other women who have taken this or will take it, you are a strong vagina warrior. It burns, it itches and I hope I survive the other doses."
"From my experience abreva is expensive and does not work. It has caused me to have additional out breaks which I have never experienced before. However campho phenique is cost effective and does work. When I have run out of campho  phenique I have used calamine lotion because it contains zinc along with a multi vitamin, vitamin C, and i have incorporated eating avacado and yogurt.  By the 2nd day no more pain,my swelling has gone down and im on my way to feeling confident."
"18, from the UK so get this lovely stuff for free. First smelt it and I was pleasantly surprised at the fragrance. I thought this won&#039;t be so bad! Made up my first litre of Moviprep in good spirit, and took the first sip; it was absolutely awful. The best way to describe it I think is if you fully dissolved salt into water and then tried to put as much sweetener in it as possible as if the salt would be masked! Along with that artificial lemon taste you get from things like Soothers for sore throats I was gagging every mouthful or sip. The only reason I gave this 3/10 is because after about 2 hours of starting the first litre I was able to flush my intestines out with a powerful gush."
"Switched onto Cymbalta after many years on Lexapro (which became ineffective). Gradually increased to 60mg/ day, taken in the morning. Initial side effects were tolerable, (sleepy, spaced-out) but as a student I need to be awake and focused. My MD suggested taking the medicine prior to bedtime- it definitely helped! Now I am able to wake up and function properly everyday without the frustrating aspects of depression!"
"It gave me my life back. I would have panic attacks that lasted for hours, always anxious, work was crippling. After one year no side effects. Now I feel normal, confident - it&#039;s something I&#039;ve waited on for 26 years!"
"I switched to Levlen after being on Brenda for 3 years, Levlen was such a terrible choice! I got horrible skin and had dryness issues often. my period cramps were unbearable to the point of not being able to walk and my mood swings became uncontrollable. I&#039;ve just moved back on to Brenda recently and these problems are already starting to go away!"
"I had a tooth crown that became infected and was causing me tremendous pain.  Vicoden and other opiates were of little help.  25mg of Zipsor every 4 hours was my saving grace until I could get the tooth fixed."
"I do not recommend this pill. After being off birth control for 7 years i wanted to go back on. My DR prescribed it to me saying &quot;most&quot; people don&#039;t get their periods or many side effects at all. After one week of taking the first blue pills the bleeding started. Not to mention the unbearable cramps and back pain. The mood swings, crying for no reason. Day 4 of bleeding today and not only is it still there but it has gotten even worse. I gave it a few days but after this morning I am NOT taking this pill anymore and I don&#039;t even know if I&#039;ll go on back on another after this horrible experience. Luckily my insurance covered most of this but STILL. Stopping halfway through pack. DO NOT GO ON THIS PILL!"
"Worked great. After several years I am having sound sleep. Thanks for those who developed it."
"The only side effect I have dealt with is an achy jaw the day after the shot. My levels were very low and Neulasta did its job and brought my levels back to normal."
"Very good in milder cases."
"I had a liver transplant in 2001 and was put on both CellCept and Prograf.  When my creatine reached 2.1 I was taken off Prograf and put on 2000 mg a day of CellCept.  I have had no side effects.  I only problem is the cost, I am now on Medicare and will be in the donut hole after 4 months."
"Just finished my first pack after never taking birth control in the past. Very slight improvement in my acne, made my breasts a little bigger, and helped increase my sex drive. However, it did make me gain weight and get some pretty bad mood swings. I will continue to take this pill to see if these side effects wear off."
"I was really nervous about trying Implanon because of all the reviews I read.  I was especially nervous about weight gain since I JUST lost all of my baby weight.  After sharing my concerns with my doctor, she said that &quot;just putting hormones in someone&#039;s arm is not going to make them gain weight.  There has to be other factors involved, like not watching what you&#039;re eating, emotional eating, etc.&quot;  She told me that since I have been pretty aware of my weight and never had many issues with excessive eating, she didn&#039;t think I needed to worry. I decided to go ahead and give it a try.  I am so happy that I did.  So far, no mood swings, no abnormal bleeding, and I especially love that I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill everyday!"
"This medication actually made my psoriasis worse. It made my skin itch and I recommend that you talk to your doctor and see if this medication is truly right for you. I have heard that it worked wonders for a lot of people. It just didn&#039;t work for me."
"During the early weeks, insomnia was a problem and Dr was okay with me splitting the 30mg into 15mg morning and 15mg in the evening. Weight gain is my big problem (up 2 sizes). This worried me, so even though this medicine made me feel so much better, I tried to switch to Pristiq-BAD move, anxiety went through the roof. Back onto Mirtazapine and after 6 months dropped to 15mg daily. I felt heaps better and after 6 more months quit again in order to get rid of the weight. Another BAD move. Sure, I lost a few kilos and felt okay for 3 months until the original old stressor loomed and now here I am starting up again. 2wks at 15mg daily, then 2wks at 30mg, I&#039;m not feeling any benefit yet, very depressed and anxious, though getting more sleep."
"So I&#039;ve had the iud inserted sometime in November a little before thanksgiving and I&#039;ve had serious serious bleeding and lots of bad cramping, days where I&#039;m not even able to get out of bed! can&#039;t remember when was the last time I didn&#039;t run to the store for woman necessities (pads, tampons) .. debating whether to make an appointment with my obg to get it removed! And I can&#039;t forget to mention the nausea bad temper mood swings and tears. I hope this bc works for some of you girls! Good luck "
"My 11 y/o son requested me to stop smoking.  Cold turkey and other alternatives is so hard to do it until I asked my PCP for some help.  She prescribed me Chantix since my husband&#039;s insurance covers is 100%.  Took it for a month and finally was able to stop coz cravings/urge are gone.  Only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is severe headache so my PCP advised me to talk 1/2 dosage since I am small and petite and it works.  Smoke free for 10 mos already.  Thanks Chantix!"
"This is the best cough medicine out there.  Whenever I get chest colds that keep me up at night coughing, I request this. I have been doing this for 10 yrs.  Seriously if you want to stop your cough - request this one. nothing works like this one.  The side effects do not out weigh the results!"
"I had no problems the first 3 months I was on this pill. Now the last 5 months I have been eating like crazy more than ever, losing eyesight after getting a brand new prescription from my eye dr. Migraines like crazy. Loss of interest in sex, vaginal irritation, swelling, and bleeding from it being so dried out. I cannot pee without crying anymore it is so painful. Today I started bleeding brown blood after taking myself off the pill a week ago. Would NOT recommend to anyone."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months and so has my sister. My sister loves it and has no problems with it. However for me, I have symptoms of PCOS so I don&#039;t get my period every month so I started taking this pill. I didn&#039;t get a single period while on this pill, just brown discharge for 2 weeks straight every month. It was annoying and my periods were more normal and better before I started taking this so that was pretty weird. Requested a new birth control and hopefully it works !"
"I have been on this medication about 8 months and it has had a profound positive effect on my life. It lifted my mood and provided me the stabilization to start making positive adjustments to my thought process and handling of stress.  At first I would get head rushes not totally unlike those from Adderall or other stimulants, but now that type of side effect is rare (maybe once a month and it only lasts a few minutes).  I have always been on the thinner side, but I have noticed it has also helped with controlling appetite and has almost entirely killed my desire to smoke cigarettes even when drinking or other social circumstances.

Simply put, this medicine may have saved my life and I feel like myself again."
"I can always count on getting a deep sleep using 4.5g 2x night.  Sometimes I&#039;ll use it 3x in a night.  I have used it for almost 3 years.  Just to see if I was addicted I stopped cold turkey and had absolutely no adverse symptoms.  Just to be really sure I have stopped suddenly for a week or so about 3 times in as many years and never a bad reaction.  This is absolutely the best medicine that I have tried for Fibromyalgia, and I have tried so very many, almost all of which had terrible withdrawal symptoms when I went off of them."
"I have been on this pill for over 2 years now and I love it. My breasts have grown, and the only downside is that I get a little acne when I am on my period."
"This stuff works for me. It worked fast too-- 7 weeks. I was concerned it wouldn&#039;t work based on negative reviews all over the Internet. I feel fortunate it works for me. No side effects."
"Best results I&#039;ve experienced in a long time!!!!"
"Good not many side effects apart from anxiety and mild to moderate depression.
Deals good with the pain."
"I have suffered from Chronic Lyme Disease and Fibromyalgia for twenty years and have been on high-dose morphine, Neurontin, Lyrica, Cymbalta and others, all of which had very bad side-effects and awful withdrawal syndromes. Three weeks ago I started Savella, but titrated very slowly 12.5mg/day for two weeks and now 25 mg per day. There were some pretty bad days of side-effects in the first week and still some nausea and difficulty sleeping, but the benefits are much better than any other drug I&#039;ve used for pain and fatigue. My pain was always at 9.5, and is now mostly around 4-6 (a vast improvement). Unlike all the other SSRIs I&#039;ve tried, Savella gives me energy and new optimism!"
"I put my 6 yr old on this, 5mgs about 2 weeks ago. He is at school the whole time he is on it. He takes it at 7 am and by 4 when he gets home he is back to his hyper self. I can tell a little bit of difference though. Hhe has no reactions that I can tell."
"Fantastic product. Prefer the squeezy bottle as you use how much you need. Great for colds &amp; hayfever. The measured dose spray however I don&#039;t like as it&#039;s too big for me. Gives me nervousness/ heart beats fast."
"I&#039;m 17 years old and I&#039;ve been using Loestrin 24 Fe for almost a month now and I couldn&#039;t be happier! I have suffered with acne and insecure body image my whole pre-teen/teenage life and searched consistently for a solution. That&#039;s when I came across birth control. After only 2 weeks of starting the pill, I&#039;ve seen an increased size in my breast! Nothing else, just my breast which I&#039;m extremely pleased with. Also, my skin is getting a bit better, but I&#039;ve heard it doesn&#039;t work instantly. I have to wait about 3 months to see my acne disappear like everyone says but it does adjust my mood to make me feel confident about my skin and body. I can finally go to school without makeup and feel super great about myself."
"I am a mother of 5 and this is the second time round using the Implanon. The first time was much like this time round no period, weight gain from 75kg to 120 kg, mood swings, migraines. I&#039;m sure I had the whole package but in saying that, ladies...you should always read the information &quot;inside the pack&quot;. It tells you what you might experience and its pretty much what everyone is stating. You may or might not get it. You won&#039;t truly know until you try it for yourself."
"Love this. Cleared my skin up, made my period so light and my cramps disappear. I was a bit moody for the first month, but that went away."
"Not as good as Flexeril or Baclofen, but it&#039;s better than nothing."
"Worked very well for me and also removed agitation. I have to believe this drug is very addictive.

Had two doses at the hospital."
"I&#039;ve been using Truvada for about three months with no noted side effects. Once daily dosing of one pill is great and it can be taken with or without food."
"I have had migraines for 35 years. I&#039;ve tried them all. Imitrex shots were the only other thing that worked but they hurt and gave a weird rush. Mine are wicked. Frova with 800mg of prescription Motrin takes it away within 2 hours if it is one I woke up with that was severe and keeps it away. It also is great for preventing menstrual migraines when you know they are coming on and if you are one that gets a migraine with weather change. If you need more than what the insurance company allows get your doctor to call they will up it. I get 13 a month and make sure I refill it every month. I got rebound headaches before using Frova, when this happens the doctor gives me a shot and ends the cycle."
"Took a 160 mg tablet 2 nights in a row. After the 1st dose, within minutes I had pain down my spine. Thought maybe I&#039;d pulled some muscles. The pain stayed around 20 hrs. Took my 2nd dose, and pain started again, only worse, up &amp; down spine and radiated around. Felt like I&#039;d been in a car accident. If I hadn&#039;t looked up the drug&#039;s side effects, I would have gone to the ER thinking I&#039;d had a heart attack. It&#039;s 18 hours later, and I still hurt. (Clearly not helping my blood pressure.)  My doc says he&#039;s never heard of anyone having this reaction, although a friend of mine, who is Ashkenazi Jewish female as I am, said it&#039;s common. Genetics maybe? B.P. not greatly lowered. Beta blocker works better but has side effects also."
"It works pretty good. My only two negatives are that the nasal decongestant in this doesn&#039;t work as well. I have to supplement occasionally with Afrin nose spray. I would be incredibly miserable without Allegra."
"Iam in remission from Stage Four Esophegial Cancer and was given every pain pill under the sun. They said there would be no problem coming off of them so long as I didn&#039;t abuse them. Well I can say this I took the least amount of pain medicines to function and my body still was physically addicted to them even though mentally I didn&#039;t crave them. It has been two days now since I started taking Suboxone and I just dumped the liquid oxycodone down the sink. No withdrawals at all, no sweating, no vomiting. Nothing but blue skies. I was skeptical of this for three months what a waist of time. I wish all doctors could prescribe this then it wouldn&#039;t have taken me three months to work through a resentment at the only doctor in the area that could prescribe it."
"I started taking Lexapro after years of anxiety and constant feelings of doom and gloom, it came to a head about 4 years ago and I was seriously considering suicide, anyway I started going to counseling and taking 20 gms of Lexapro, I worked my way through it and about 2 months ago went cold turkey after cutting down to 10 mg for about 6 months. I got bad head spins and felt really tired but I&#039;m coming good now, the interesting thing is that while I was on Lexapro my craving for beer went through the roof and I went from two stubbies a day to sometimes 20 and couldn&#039;t get enough. I lived for beer, now I&#039;m off 
Lexapro I have lost that craving and the beer actually tastes bad so all good. I wonder now whether Lexapro was really doing anything"
"I have been on Otezla for 2 months now and have experienced a remarkable clearing of my lesions. Both knees, which were 90% affected have almost entirely cleared up. The face lesions have dried up and are almost unnoticeable now. The scalp, which was almost completely affected, has cleared up to the point that I&#039;ll soon be getting rid of the ever-present ball cap! (YES!!!) I feel that in one month, at my follow up appointment with my dermatologist, I am going to kiss her smack dab on the lips! My Wife has given me permission. 
Still haven&#039;t noticed a pronounced difference in my two thumbs, which have swollen at the joint over the last year or so. Hopefully, they will get better as well so I can get back to playing the guitar."
"If I could give this pill 0, I WOULD. IT IS H O R R I B L E. I started my second pack on Sunday, but I stop yesterday, I do not care that that probably is not the way to stop BC but I couldn&#039;t take it anymore, I&#039;ve gain around 15lbs (I was on Junel before, which made me a little bloated) but this, THIS STUPID PILL is making me so so so bloated it&#039;s not even worth it. Same symptoms as everyone in this reviews I was reading. It&#039;s crazy but I had all of the things you are all describing and never thought it could be the pill. I work out 5 x to 6 x a week religiously, I eat super healthy and I&#039;m still gaining weight. Not to mention I was tired ALL the time, and I&#039;m normally very active and awake. Also, no period. AT ALL. NOT GOOD."
"Day 1 there was stinging and burning so I basically just laid down with my legs open but the next morning I felt great so I decided to do day 2 very minimal stinging. I think the medicine on day 1 hurt so much because I was swollen from itching all day. As I didn&#039;t itch on day 2 the medicine didn&#039;t affect me. Day 3 got rid of infection. I would recommend this medicine"
"When I had  my implanon inserted I weigh 150 and a year later I weigh 165 and this year I weigh 174. I have been trying my best eating healthy and exercising  3 times a week and yet I am still gaining. I am going to take out my implanon at little over the two year mark because all of the sudden I feel depressed and aniexty which I never endured before . Nothing has changed in my life style that will bring those emotions either. At first it was a great bc but now I just want it out .. On the plus side since the day I inserted it I never experienced  a period which was the only reason I kept it on this long"
"This medicine keeps me as if I didn&#039;t have Crohn&#039;s at all, it has been a life changer. I am just a little concerned about the birth issues. (I&#039;m a male) I think I might get off the medicine temporarily if there&#039;s a chance to prevent any problems with my partners pregnancy."
