"Works pretty well"
"I just had the second worst experience with cold sores. I have had them my entire life. Once I had two of them on my bottom lip in the sixth grade, horrible experience. Anyways. I just had one on my upper lip 2 weeks ago, Then got a cold. (Don&#039;t wipe your nose too hard!!) - caused me a minor cold sore, that was gone within a day with Abreva because I caught it soon. And if things couldn&#039;t get any better. The next morning I woke up with a fat lip and a nasty cold sore. I suspect it was due to my dry lips. Keep your lips moisturized! Abreva works guys. Trust me. My suggestion?? Pop those blisters and quickly dry them up with a tissue. and put Abreva over the blister for faster results. Think about it-- you&#039;re essentially speeding up the work."
"I have taken Nexium for over 12 years. I have had a low Magnesium problem for 10 years and severe dry mouth for 3 years. My Doctor wants me to continue with Nexium but I cannot continue. The Mag problem is very serious and I have had emergency doses of Mag to get my levels back up. The dry mouth is causing me to have numerous Dental problems. I really have to quit Nexium."
"I&#039;m 17 and this is my second yeast infection. The first time I used monistat 3 and I didn&#039;t have any itching or burning that I do now while using Monistat 1 . This pain is excruciating . I took it around 7pm I didn&#039;t feel anything until 8:30pm . I new I had the infection only a day ago so I bought this one for a faster relief not knowing it was going to cause more itching and burning than the actual infection. I could not stop complaining to my mom so I sat with my legs wide open in front of the fan to cool it down. I hope this is just the medicine working ."
"I started taking Valtrex 2 days after the rash appeared, it slowed down the spread of the rash and reduced the pain. 3 days later I was feeling better but the rash took about 10 days to disappear andIi continued feeling mild pain for another week or so."
"Taking this 4x a day for my second bout with Cellulitis. Also taking Ultram for pain."
"Doctor says he found some THC in my system. He took me off MsContin 60mg 3 x daily and put me on Ultram 50mg 2 x daily. I am so much in pain right now. This medicine does not help with my pain at all."
"Complera has no side effects and I don&#039;t feel anything during my 3 months taking it. The only serious problem with Complera is - it has very serious effect on my stomach (my whole digestion system). I have to eat real meal no less than 400 calories and then take a pill of Complera. I want eat, or I don&#039;t want &ndash; doesn&rsquo;t matter, it&rsquo;s mandatory - I have to eat a lot in order to keep this med in my system for 24 hours, or if I eat less Complera will not stay in my body for next 24 hours and HIV virus will soon will develop resistance to Complera, which is very, very, very serious problem! 
So I eat, I take one daily pill of Complera and then&hellip; My stomach starts growling, rumbling, I feel like a gas balloon, which  has a leak."
"I have been epileptic since I was 5 years old. Now I am 24 years old. I started taking Keppra 2 years ago. In the beginning I was so tired and sleepy- nearly lethargic. That wore off after the first 3 months of being on Keppra. Since I have been on Keppra for over two years I only have had 1 seizure and it was because I missed a dose. But sometimes I think there are other side effects due to Keppra such as lack of concentration, frustruation, irritable and anger."
"I&#039;ve been losing my hair like crazy, I got implant in June 2016, so very dissatisfied with this. Very moody, excessive sweating. No acne or weight gain."
"This product did not work for me I received a serious allergic reaction to the medication and it is not the exact same as monistat as nothing happens to me when I use this ...I had swelling and bad pain with the reviewer product"
"I am very sensitive to antibiotics. Bactrim makes me nauseous, gives me a rapid heart beat, and makes me feel like I have a fever. Cephalexin on the other hand, doesn&#039;t make me feel sick at all. The only thing it really does it make me EXHAUSTED for the first 1-3 hours after taking the dose, and makes me feel high during that time. Not sure if that is a good or bad thing. However, if I stand up during this 1-3  hour time frame, I do get a little dizzy and slightly nauseous, but it&#039;s nothing. Overall, good medicine."
"I have been on the Patch for almost 2 months and I&#039;m loving it! First of all no baby which is great! The first month was horrible I had the worst mood swings and I cried so much. I was so mean and kept on snapping on everyone. However I got over it. I prefer to place the patch on either cheeks of my buttocks, because it hides it and also doesn&#039;t wrinkle and peel. However, it does itch at the site and when I remove it. My breasts have grown an entire cup size which is not so great because I was a 36DD before the patch. I have noticed a slight weight gain, but I think that is from me consuming too much food when I have cravings. The patch works wonders. And my sex drive is great! Always in the mood."
"I have struggled with acne since I was about 10 years old (currently 21 years old) I have seen my dermatologist for several years and have been on every medication you could think of before being prescribed isotretinoin. The major side effects worried me before taking it, but I figured I&#039;d give it a shot. I was on the medication for about 5 months. It worked wonders and the only side effect I experienced was extreme dry skin and eyes. My face remained clear for only about 3 months after I was off the medicine. I knew it was too good to be true. I currently have been battling some acne that I had before isotretinoin. I visited my doctor this past week and he put me on an antibiotic. If this doesn&#039;t improve he will be putting me back on."
"I had started this pill back in April after having my second endometriosis attack that landed me in the hospital. I had tried other birth control pills prior to this one and they did not work either when it came to my endometriosis. I stopped taking this pill one month ago because it began to make me feel nausea throughout the day and I began to feel emotional from it as well. I have to say that it did shorten and lightened my periods though. I am very depressed that it did not work for me. I have been battling these issues for many years and nothing has 100% effective yet. If you have bad endometriosis, don&#039;t use this pill! I hope to find a birth control the stops my periods and treats my endometriosis soon."
"I started Qsymia on the 24th of February 2015, I&#039;m 5&quot;2 and was weighing 192. I weighed myself Thursday March 5th and lost 10lbs. The only side effect I get is dry mouth so I drink lots of water. I totally cut carbs, sugars, and soda. I&#039;m excited to start the 7.5 mg tomorrow I will keep you posted. I was at borderline for diabetes and sure don&#039;t want to be diabetic. I&#039;m total loving this medication."
"About two weeks into having it in my arm, it started to hurt. Then I found I couldn&#039;t even find it in my arm! I went to my obgyn and she felt around and found it. So about the third week, I got my period. And here I was, in July, still on my period. I gained about 10 pounds in those months, low sex drive, awful mood swings, and major depression. Not to mention the dang thing hurt so bad in my arm I could hardly stand it! I finally told my obgyn I wanted it out and after about 30 minutes, she couldn&#039;t get it out. I had to get general surgery to have it removed! That took about 30 minutes, and a lot of pain, to get out. The implanon had ATTACHED itself to the scar tissue that surrounded the muscle in my arm. Would not recommend!"
"It will probably stop working at some point to help you fall asleep. It did for me."
"I started looking into Implanon several years ago and was very nervous about all the negative reviews I found. However, I kept up with the reviews and had a long discussion with a doctor about it and finally decided to get it. I have had Implanon not for 6 months and I have never loved a birth control so much! 

I used to be very worried about forgetting to take my birth control pill, and every time my boyfriend and I had sex it would be on my mind. Now, I don&#039;t even have to think about it and it is a weight off my mind. The only side effect I have experienced is a slight decrease in my sex drive and slight decrease in lubrication when we do have sex. But overall, it has been completely worth it."
"Quit on the 8th day of taking Chantix. 14 days since my last cigarette."
"I had no noticeable negative side effects, and was able to function in a normal way without feeling like it was forced."
"I started Lexapro 10 mg while my mother was terminally ill - very high stress period. It was like a miracle. Totally relaxed me and got me through a rough period. I only experienced two side effects - weight gain (10 lbs) and zero sex drive. Because of the weight gain, I decided to wean myself off a few months after my mother passed away with no problems at all. Then, six months later began suffering the worst anxiety with severe panic attacks. I immediately got back on Lexapro and will try to combat the weight gain with diet and exercise. It was a good drug for me."
"Side effects I&#039;ve had in exact order:
-Dairy allergy (not sure if it&#039;s from the pill, occured a few months after taking.) 
-Constant right lower abdominal pain, with  trapped gas pains, &amp; bubbling after eating anything. 
-Extreme bloating after meals.
Random changes:
-Period was normal up until the past few months of being on it. (Been on it for over 3 years.) Super light &amp; barely get a period. Also made me skip a month.
-Cramps became more excruciating. (A week before &amp; then during my period.) (Wasn&#039;t always like this.)
After almost 4 years I dealt with all of the other side effects until I had
-CHEST TIGHTNESS &amp; HEART PALPITATIONS. Beware of your body and your symptoms. Always go with your gut. Every birth control has symptoms.."
"I started taking Chantix in March of 2009 and took it for 4 months. I didn&#039;t want to stop taking it because it worked for me on so many different levels. While on Chantix, I lost 15 lbs, quit smoking, started excesrising, quit drinking wine and had awesome dreams! I am happy to report I am still smoke free after 10 months. However, after stopping the medication I gained weight again and my dreams weren&#039;t as cool. Watch out for the first six months of hell! After that though I became normal. I have to say, Chantix is the best thing that ever happened to me."
"I Judy had a shot of Toradolcin my right button. I don&#039;t feel the severe pain in my shoulder &amp; back. The pain is still there, But not a severe. I have not had any adverse reaction."
"I started Yaz and immediately noticed my anxiety levels go through the roof, particularly within the first two hours of taking it. I was jittery, had mild heart palpitations, fogginess, indecisiveness, restless sleep and was extremely depressive and teary. My skin also erupted with acne.

Upside: I lost a ton of water weight and grew breasts!

I gave up after 10 days, too many contraindications in too short amount of time.


"
"I tried the Naxplonon out for a year, mostly to see if things would eventually even out. At first I was getting a period every other month. The flow was heavy, the cramps were harsher then normal, and would last an entire week. During my time on it I didn&#039;t experience any unusual weight gain or loss, my acne remained the same, I wasn&#039;t emotionally crazy. I began to spot between cycles and the longer I stayed on it, the more the spotting progressed until I was getting a period about every other week. Intense PMS symptoms like I never experienced before, cramps that would render me useless, and just general fatigue and moodiness for an entire week, every other week. If heavy hormonal regimens effect you terribly, this may not be your method"
"Wasn&#039;t effective"
"I was(was feels so good) suffering havoc of acne from my 8th grade. Continued till my 12th grade, successfully destroyed my whole teen life. I took hundreds of antibiotic, Proactive, facial packs. All failed completely. Acne actually changed my personality, my image and whole life. After visiting many dermatologist, last(yes last) of them prescribed me Accutane. At first I didn&#039;t take it very seriously but after 1 month my persistent acne started disappearing. All thanks to acne, it puts a full stop to acne problem. I&#039;m still recovering from all psychological disaster played by acne in my life.. But today I m completely acne free and confident that it will never come back. ONE Last advice, don&#039;t think and just go for it!"
"I had been coughing for several nights in a row, waking up about 3 times a night and, of course, having trouble going back to sleep because of the cough.  I also had the nasal congestion game going on (i.e., sleep on your left side and the left side of your nose plugs up, roll over, and the right side plugs up).  I hate that game.  I had some Cheratussin AC from last year and I read the bottle.  It hadn&#039;t expired yet, one month left.  I took the higher recommended dose (it had two dosages on it, a low and a high).  I went back to bed and slept the entire night through.  This stuff worked great for me and I would recommend it.  I did wake up with a little bit of a headache, but it wore off after coffee and 15 minutes."
"So first of all don&#039;t freak out!! I was so scared &amp; reading &quot;don&#039;t freak out&quot; just made me freak out still. everything will be okay!! I took the pill 45 minutes after having unprotected sex &amp; my period wasn&#039;t supposed to happen for 11 more days so I was freaking out all 11 days. &amp; then my period didn&#039;t come for 3 more days after those 11. But it came!!! don&#039;t freak out!!"
"The sun came out when I started taking this medicine. I started singing in my car, striking up conversations with strangers and being a better mom. It changed my life!"
"Thank GOD for this drug.  Busted my leg and ankle, diagnosed PAGETS, tried myacalcin and FOSAMAX.  Leg pain minimal now.  I do take 30mg daily!  It has been over 12 months of treatment now.  I ran out once for 5 days and pain was intolerable...resumed ACTONEL and pain gone in 2 days."
"The only side effect that might be causing a problem for me is that I cannot keep my potassium in proper range while on this medication.  It is wonderful for my blood pressure, but I do need to drink lots of water with this medicine to stay hydrated."
"At first, I was on Tri-Lo-Sprintec. I took those pills for a month but was advised by my gyn to switch bc because I started to get blurred vision and migraine headaches. I switched to the nuvaring and have been using it for a week and I am already noticing side effects. First, while I am not feeling depressed or anxious, I have noticed that I am a little more easily angered. The smallest things have been getting under my skin. The side effect I notice is lack of appetite. I have always LOVED food and this week even the thought of food is blah. I&#039;ll get hungry but after a few spoonfuls, I am unable to eat anymore. Its early to really know how I feel about the nuvaring but I will definitely give updates!"
"I started back on Depakote 2 weeks ago. My headaches are better but my hands are shaky and my stomach aches.  Better than a migraine so I will continue."
"I&#039;ve been on Belviq for months. I&#039;ve had no side effects. I started at 250 and am currently about 218. I didn&#039;t want much in terms of food in the beginning but I find myself eating more now. Maybe it&#039;s because I&#039;ve added a daily 3 mile walk. Maybe I&#039;m just hitting a plateau. But I&#039;m not gaining. Happy to be down 30 but would like another 50. Slow and steady! But feel much better!"
"I started taking phentermine March 26(Monday), 2012. My first weigh in was 227lbs. I get up at 6:30 am every morning and take it first thing along with chromium picolinate. I do 30mins of body weight training and cardio 4x a week. I only eat 2x a day, usually post workout and grilled chicken, rice and veggies for dinner. I have ice water all the time. I also try to stay moving even after I work out. I did get the dry mouth, but I keep water in hand. I don&#039;t have trouble going to sleep, but have woken up several times a night. Today is Sunday April 1, 2012 and I&#039;m at 217lbs now. That&#039;s 10lbs in 6 days! The pill does work, but not by itself. If you want fast results, you have to work for it. "
"Blood pressure was 158/105 average, now 135/80, feel great, no negative side effects. One thing, it takes longer on the treadmill to get my heart rate up. Once I get to about five minutes at 5.2 mph I&#039;m good to go! 5 mg dose."
"I used this for three weeks....my eyes were blurry, and swollen eyelids, eyes more sensitive to light, matted eyelashes and crusting of lids. Stopped using the drops and now back to normal."
"Started to Tivicay and Epzicom on May 6th. Viral load was 200,000 and CD4 was 208. After 6 weeks my viral load was 367 and CD4 was 337. Doctor said it was working very well and I don&#039;t have to go back for Labs until September.  The first 2-3 weeks were pretty rough with diarrhea, headaches and very low energy, but I&#039;m feeling a bit better now. I was freaked out that the test did not come back as undetectable, but I asked my expert doctors and they said my results have been superb so far. I think people get hung up on being undetectable very quickly. If you start with a high viral load above say 100,000 it can take a few months to reach undetectable."
"I was on this med in 2010 for a year. The dose went from 25mg up to 400mg. The first few weeks were very difficult. It knocked me out cold and I had such a blocked nose I could hardly breathe. I toughed it out and my depression lifted. I stopped taking it because of really bad blocked nose. I have just had a major depressive episode (2015) with insomnia. I was prescribed 100mg. It worked within 24 hours. I was able to sleep for 9 hours and feel refreshed and energized. The depression and anxiety have improved dramatically. This time I&#039;ll stay on Seroquel."
"Been dealing with Essential Tremor for several years, and finally talked to my doctor about it.  Started propranolol a week ago and within a day or so the tremors were all but gone, and I&#039;ve noticed no side effects at all. I could barely write my name before, now I&#039;m rock steady.  No more embarrassing tremors!"
"I just got my Kyleena placed on the 16th of November, I am still cramping but that&rsquo;s to be expected anyways, each day gets better and better for the cramps though, so far I really like it, I can&rsquo;t feel the IUD I just have the cramping from my uterus returning to it&rsquo;s normal place, it&rsquo;s great. I love it so far"
"This is a good antipsychotic and does well for bipolar disorder. I was on 20mg per day when I suffered a severe manic episode, so it is possible to have episodes while on the medication, but I should point out that I was not taking it every day as I was supposed to. 

The only side effects I get from this are restlessness, anxiety and slight tremors."
"It&#039;s been 3 months and it&#039;s already solving the problem I had for years. Nothing worked for my acne and extremely oily (combination) skin but this. "
"I have had issues with underarm perspiration since I was 8 years old. I am a very clean person, and I couldn&#039;t figure out what was wrong with me. It took me YEARS to even talk to my doctor about it because I was THAT embarrassed. Having this issue has really impacted my life and left me feeling gross, dirty, humiliated and afraid to part-take in normal daily activities. I have actually put paper towels under my arms and have also taken panty liners and folded them over the underarms of my shirt to minimize the appearance of sweat. Still, nothing was enough. Finally, I got the courage to talk to my doctor, and she prescribed me this. It is my third day, and I am wearing a tee shirt and I am 100% dry."
"I find it only works really well the day after you apply it. After that, you go back to sweating as normal. It cuts down the sweat a little but not completely. I&#039;ve been using it for about a year and keep continuing to use it because it&#039;s the only product out there that works even a little bit. It&#039;s not great but it&#039;s decent."
"Im 28 years old.. always been anxious, depressed and I have ADHD.  I tried medication for my deficit disorder before ( concerta, vyvanse, ritalin ) I always had major heart palpitation on them and always had to stop. ( took it max for 2 weeks ) 
About 1 month ago I lived a shitty separation and I was very depressed,  the worst breakup I experienced in my life.. i was constantly anxious, no appetite, concerned, couldnt work couldnt sleep, constantly sad and miserable... I went to see my doctor and asked for help... for something to boost my mood, control my anxiety and the most important..no weight gain. Im on it since a month and honestly I lost 10 pounds. I have no side effects and I feel better than ever. Im happy and smiling all the time"
"I took this pill today at 2 pm. It is now 11:57 pm. I am in agony. The itching is torture. I read some posts that say it takes 2 days to start taking effect. Well forget that. The cream may be nasty and drips all day onto a pad, but at least it is relief from the itching. I can&#039;t  stand it. I feel lick clawing my vag off. Off to the 24 hr pharmacy I go. Next time I will tell my doc to give me the cream."
"I had no effects, I actually had more pain and no effects on the swelling"
"While the bone test indicated a slight improvement, I don&#039;t feel it is worth it.  The first time I had the Prolia shot, I had no reaction.  After the second shot, my hair began to fall out in bunches.  It has continued to fall out and it looks as though I will have to wear a wig.  

Has anyone else had this problem and does it go away after the drug wears off?  I will never take another dose of Prolia and would not recommend it after reading all the negative posts on this site.  It would seem that my problem is small compared to others."
"Was offered one of three?  But so glad I decided on three.  My knees have never felt the same.  Great product!"
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for 2 months now, and was well aware of all of the adverse side effects, but like others, felt as though I was not going to be the victim of these terrible reactions. I was right for the most part. I haven&#039;t had any problem with acne, weight gain (I&#039;ve lost weight, actually) or hair loss, but the bleeding, oh dear God, the bleeding... I had mine implanted during my cycle and pretty much stopped that day. I had a week menstruation-free, and have had heavy spotting to moderate bleeding everyday since. My gyno put me on Norethindrone 5 MG tablets once daily to stop the bleeding a week ago. After taking them for 5 days, the spotting stopped. I was overjoyed- until I started bleeding after sex last night! "
"My husband and I suffered the loss of our baby (7/2/14) and I needed a D&amp;C the following day due to severe blood loss and I was on Percocet 5/325&#039;s for 1 week and then lowered to Vicodin 5/325&#039;s and I went to my FP and he prescribed Tylenol 3&#039;s for my menstrual cramps. He said to take it with 3-4 ibuprofen. Tylenol 3&#039;s hardly ever work for me. When taken in combination together, they work great."
"My boyfriend and I have grown fond of having unprotected sex. He always pulled out but for this particular day he decided to ejaculate inside me because I had a plan b pill that I could use. Also, I was curious myself to see if it worked. So, not five minutes after the incident happened I took the pill and felt abdominal pain when I got home. I later became nauseous and was highly stressed cause I didn&#039;t know if the pill would work. Six days later (today) I received my period and I&#039;ve never been more happy to see it though I am cramping. I&#039;ve never used this pill before until this incident so ladies I&#039;m telling you the pill works just give it time and don&#039;t stress."
"I&#039;ve only had 2 infusions of Tysabri so far.  My Dr. is planning on keeping me on the drug for 12 months.  So far, the side effects are min.  a migraine headache and extremly tired.  BUT those I can certainely live with.  Within 1 day after infusion they are gone.  This drug so far is much better.  I seem to be feeling better both mentally and physically.  I wish this drug was the first drug that I would have been given 13 yrs ago -- maybe then I would not have been classified disabled and still be able to work."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft for 3 months now. I started out with 50mg and raised the dosage gradually until I got to 150 mg now. My whole life I had this constant feeling of sadness, I was always a basket case of flooding emotions but I guess what made it all worse was when I found out my boyfriend was constantly cheating. Zoloft has improved my life tremendously. I now feel more emotionally stable than ever."
"After three treatments of OTC failures I used Sklice. I got a special brush from beauty supply store used for coloring hair, $1.29 and separated hair like a beautician does to apply product to small areas from scalp to ends.  Started at the base of neck and moved upwards to top and front of head. Took me over 2 hours to apply. Then put a shower cap on for 45 minutes. Used nit comb to comb out the same way I applied. I found adults &amp; tons of nits. Kept cleaning nit comb with baby wipes in ziplock bag for safe disposal. 
Total success. After days I keep searching her hair and finding nothing. 
My cost was initially $351.52 minus online coupon and my insurance resulted in a final out of pocket expense of $10.00. 

Great product."
"I really like this pill.  I have been on several types of birth control and this is the only one that has helped clear up my skin.  I did have some spotting during the first pack of pills, but that has always been pretty typical with me.  Other than that I have done well.  My moods are good, body feels good, very short period, and now great skin.  This is the best birth control pill I have taken and I can definitely tell it has helped with the PCOS and side effects.  Also, my sex drive may have even increased which is a plus with the fiance."
"This was the first birth control I ever took. At first it caused   some spotting before I got my period, lots of random cramps, and I got my period around 3 days late and usually I&#039;d get my period for 5 days, now I was getting it for 7-8 days. I spotted the next two months as well, and my period stayed at the 7-8 day length.  
After 3 months, my periods went back to  normal. 
My boobs grew a whole cup size. I went from a 36 c to a 38 D. I went from weighing 158 pounds to 182 pounds in the span of 7 months. My pant size went from a size 4-5 to  10. I got tired of being overweight, and I left these pills. It just wasn&#039;t cutting it for me. 
I am 5&#039;5 and 20 years old
THEY WORK, BUT NOT WORTH THE SIDE EFFECTS, (at least for me..)"
"I&#039;ve been taking this stuff for two hours and NOTHING.  I can&#039;t drink this much liquid in a 2 to 4 hour period.  It takes me hours to drink a 16 oz bottle of water.  At least right now, it isn&#039;t making me sick.  That remains to be seen.  And I&#039;ve only taken half of what I&#039;m supposed to.  The flavor is disgusting.  If you must use this, I suggest keeping a bottle of water near.  As soon as you finish a glass, rinse your mouth out immediately, so the taste doesn&#039;t linger.  If this doesn&#039;t work, then I don&#039;t know what the gastroenterologist will do tomorrow.  Probably send me home, telling me I didn&#039;t follow their instructions."
"I have been on lexipro going on my third week and have noticed a huge difference. I&#039;m not anxious at all and a lot more e laid back. It has certainly helped to to calm down. Only draw back for me is makes me tired sometimes. I can d al with that ....awesome drug so far"
"Pain problems started around 2005. Waking up one night with excruciating pain, crawling on the floor to get around in morning. It got better through out the day, but it reset over night. I dealt with this my last year in high school and a few years through college till I could finally afford some insurance and see a doctor. Turns out I had a really huge herniated disc in my L-6/L-7. Scared to get a surgery, since so &quot;young&quot; they&#039;d only prescribed low dose pain killers. Desperate I got surgery. Life was great since, however, I&#039;d suffered some nerve damage. Now take the 7,5 Vicoprofen for chronic headaches due to nerve damage, and it&#039;s amazingly quick to work and slow for tolerance, though it&#039;s inevitable. I now take 2 every 4-6 hour."
"I have been on Zoloft for 14 years now. It changed my life. It has stopped my panic attacks. "
"I have been on this medication for 3 years now - I think I need to up the dose because it is not working that well however it saved my butt a few years ago when something traumatic happened. My dr told me take it and give it 6 weeks and then all the panic and anxiety stopped- it&#039;s everything from hypochondriac to 24 hour a day worry about job, health, kids and everything else- I do think it is a lifesaver - I went from 5mg 3x a day to 2 5mg 2x a day - maybe I should go back."
"I have used a lot of different allergy medicines (for dust/mold/pollen) and I have never gotten a side-effect as bad I got from this. I switched from Zyrtec to this because of a discount that was given; I have been on it for close to 10 months and then I started losing my short-term memory, lose creativity, and it even started to make me slur words. I don&#039;t blame it entirely on this medicine, it MAY have been the combination of this and Astepro; but in my experience this definitely causes drowsiness. I can&#039;t completely say to stay away from it just be sure to monitor it right away and after about 5 months. I switched to Allegra 180mg. Hope this helps."
"I had never had anxiety or panic attacks up until a year ago.. it came out of nowhere and I didn&#039;t know what was causing it. I think it was just overall life stressors in general...I was prescribed vistaril after having panic attacks and anxiety. I had never taken anything for anxiety before this so I wasn&#039;t sure what to expect. It helped slightly but didn&#039;t really take the anxiety away. Made me really sleepy and calmed me down in a sense but I could still feel like I had the anxiousness in the back of my mind. My doctor prescribed me Zoloft instead 50mg and it&#039;s worked amazing for me.. I actually feel more like my normal self and rarely get anxiety anymore."
"Mirapex (Pramipexole) is truly a wonder, it takes away 99% of my symptoms if taken early evening.  I&#039;ve used it for 10 years or more now and it hasn&#039;t failed me until lately, as my dose is now at 1mg at night and 0.5mg in the morning.  My symptoms do come up early enough to get me out of bed in the morning once in a rare while."
"Took depakote for almost ten years (300 x 3)...now I will admit I had three minor episodes in that time. Super, yes, I know but I started at 140 lbs in six months I bottomed out at 206lbs. I slept 12 hours a night, plus a nap of 2 hours in the evening. Someone finally caught the Depakote/Paxil fiasco, and lithium and wellbutrin became my friends...more importantly, I feel like I &quot;woke up&quot;. I lived the life, but it seemed so surreal looking back on it...IT completely controlled me. It&#039;s not the Wellbutrin and the Paxil, it&#039;s the lack of Depakote (and for a large part, Paxil) that made me almost another person. I&#039;m sure Depakote works for thousands of people...it just took me out of the equation TOO much."
"I have been on narcotics and different types of muscle relaxers for over two years now for chronic back pain. I just started taking Soma as a last resort and wow am I glad I decided to give it a shot. To date I have more relief from the Soma then from the previous narcotics that I was taking. Its amazing and I am thankful."
"Ok so I had a yeast infection and I took Monistat-1. Right after I took it I got extreme burns and itching. Here is my advice for people who have already taken it: stay calm because being irritated does make things worse, try and take your mind off of it. Do not itch or touch put ice on it and try to relax. If you haven&#039;t used it already my advice is don&#039;t. It&#039;s been 4 hours and now I&#039;m feeling a lot better than I have been for the past couple of days but what I went through was definitely rough."
"I used this on a tinea problem on my eleven year old. Initially it was extremely itchy, and I thought he was just being wimpy (shame on me as a parent), as he later developed a strong case of hives on the legs, which was exacerbated by swimming at a swimming pool. A strong red rash and hives resulted, before settling. He took an antihistamine tablet, with no further problems since."
"I have been on Tegretol for about 7 years which has been good with manageable attacks I between, it took 2 years before I was diagnosed in which time I had the fillings on the right side of my face replaced 3 times looking for the cause!
I have now been in an attack for the last 3 an half weeks and at last have some relief , am now having double my dose 800mgs  but still have a slight electric shock feeling and my top and bottom jaw ache slightly, I am getting a referral at a London hospital to check my teeth , just to make sure they are ok, but it is just like when I was first diagnosed. Wind or air con are worst for me. This is an awful illness, and do hope you to will get the help that you need,"
"I have suffered almost all my life (childhood to 52 years old) with anxiety, mood swings, rage, muscle aches, irritable bowel, teeth clenching, heart palpitations, etc, etc, etc.  I have been called a hypochondriac.  This is the first time I have taken this medicine and it has helped minimize or completely elevate my symptoms.   I just wish I was given this earlier in my life. It would have saved me from a whole lot of suffering."
"First, I have to say this birth control is very effective for what it is intended. My period is very regular; I always know the day it will come. After deciding with my then-boyfriend to have unprotected sex, it also never failed me. 
However, those are the only two good things I experienced. I was nauseous, anxious, and at times very depressed while on Falmina. Nausea was the worst symptom for me and heightened after drinking or not eating enough. At times, I&#039;d be vomiting for hours straight. I can&#039;t be happier to be off this drug after what I&#039;ve experienced."
"After having a baby I needed to go on a birth control that was safe to take while breast-feeding. I also, needed something that was estrogen free due to my history with cyst in my breast and could be less likely to cause cyst and cancer. So, my OB recommended this and said its the only safe BC pill to take while breast-feeding. As soon as I started taking it I started bleeding,  around 10 days. So far, after a few months the only down fall seemed to be 2 possible periods per month and sometimes it the bleeding could be lengthy, however, I dealt with it and stayed on the pill. Next thing ) I started breaking out in what looked like hives on my neck, chin and face. It was really bad for a month!! I went to Dermo and told to stop taking immediately!!"
"I love my Nexplanon implant. It&#039;s so easy to have it implanted then that&#039;s it. Forget about it. So easy. The first 3 days the spot where it was implanted it stung a little. It&#039;s cleared up my face. No weight gain. I love it. Highly recommend it."
"This is the 2nd time taking this medication. 1st time was for bacterial vvagnitis, I got really sick. Thrush in mouth, metal taste, headache, backache. I had to quit after 5 days. I was recently diagnosed with diverticulitis and prescribed it again. I almost cried and begged the doctor for a different pill. Which I was told this is the only medication. However this time I found a way to not make me sick. I coat the pill with honey and take it. This time I have had no sides effects other than the beginning stages of oral thrush which the doctor prescribed liquid nystatin for just in case. I also take a probiotic. "
"I suffer from anxiety, depression and panic attacks. 9/10 because its working for me but it&#039;s only the second anti-depressant I&#039;ve used. I was prescribed Cymbalta but had terribble nausea, body tremors, hot flashes and panic attacks.  With Pristiq I had nausea for three days but it was bearable and I was really restless. I had so much energy I walked around the block 3 times a day or more in the first week. It did stir up my depression and I had suicidal thoughts which is quite controversial because I never want to die and know in myself I would never do that to my girlfriend and my family I had insomnia the on the second night after starting my Pristiq but have had no insomnia ever since. All my side effects were gone after a week and then I was given a prescription for it. Life changing stuff."
"After 3 days infection is not getting better."
"Just finished my seventh 8 ounce glass and threw up a lot. My gag reflex is so bad now, I can&#039;t drink the eighth glass. I need to finish the other half of the solution 6 hours prior to my colonoscopy. I&#039;m crying. This stuff is horrible and disgusting. I gagged on the fourth, fifth, and sixth glasses too. I&#039;m dreading the second half of the container. Nothing helps. I&#039;ve had a colonoscopy before, and the prep wasn&#039;t this horrible. Do not let your doctor prescribe this."
"I am  unable to take this medication because Merck will not let me use the coupon because I am on medicaid. What difference does it make what insurance I have if they are not covering it and I have to pay cash anyway? I find this discriminatory. The coupon should be available for anyone paying for the medication."
"A month and 53 days ago I had a case of the Shingles.  Two weeks after the Shingle rash started to go away I experienced sharp stabbing nerve pains at the main Shingle sight.  I was put on Gralise (gabapentin) by my Neurologist moving from 600 to now 2400 mg at night.  I have found very little relief so far other than the stabbing pains are not so severe.  I was told it could take 60 days or more to work.  I have had no side affects from using this drug at this level."
"I just got my 2nd Nexplanon insertion and I could not be happier. After the first 3 years, I had absolutely NO side effects and NO period. I switched to the Nexplanon after becoming pregnant with my daughter on the NuvaRing, and I am not planning on changing."
"After losing a substantial amount of weight and blood, in the hospital for a week two transfusioins.  diagnosed as Pan Colitis / Ulcerative Colitis.  60 mg Prednizone and the bleeding stopped at day 5. I returned home and was pressured by my GI to accept Remicade. I was skeptical but sold myself on the fact of the huge numbers of folks it helps. After two succesfull infusions I was set up for my third of which I expereinced an allergic reaction in this order, itchy palms , itchy feet , itchy everywhere, needed bowel movement , almost fainting , fever, chills and tightening of throat. Once home extreme right leg pain, hand joint pain, loss of hair. (Serum sickness) now on Balsalazide , cautious diet  and cannabis nightly &amp; 6 months no issues"
"I had a UTI and was prescribed Cipro (250 mg 2x for 10 days). The pain and frequency went down on day two and after day three, I felt normal. The only side-effect I had was itching."
"Horrible!  ! ! The stomach pain is like going into labor.  But it WORKED ."
"Just found this site. Was prescribed Gabapentin 3 yrs. ago for neck pain. Made me too groggy &amp; sleepy so didn&#039;t take the 1200 mgs daily as prescribed. I stopped using it. It was also to help neuropathy. Drs. never mentioned it would ease anxiety or withdrawals from alcohol. As a binge drinker 25 yrs. I&#039;m willing to try it again to stop alcohol cravings. BUT have read withdrawals from gabbys are severe, as bad as withdrawals from 1) alcohol &amp;  2) opiates. Anyone off gabbys &amp; if so how bad was it? Am not going to start them until I hear pros and cons of stopping them. Only took sporadically. None in 2016. Am 57 yr. old female have a prescription. Thanks."
"I bought the med yesterday and applied it at bedtime. The burning and itching is bad, I mean it felt like posion ivy in your vagina. I took it around 9:30-10 pm and by 11 it was really uncomfortable but if you can stick it out its not so bad. I passed out and woke back up around 3 am and I had no more pain. This is the first dose my vag does feel better. No itching but still very sore. So I think I&#039;m going to finish the cream."
"I got mine February 2015, procedure was easy even though they had to put it in twice because the 1st time it was sticking out my arm, haven&#039;t got pregnant. But my periods are crazy out of control I stay on more than I&#039;m off which is very annoying. Then I will stop bleeding for a day or two and than start again and it will last for a good 3 weeks just this last month I was on for 18 days came off on a Monday I was back on, on Sunday remind you I was on my  period for 18 days its so stressful but I trying to wait my year just to see if anything changes like the Dr said. But I&#039;m ready to take it OUT!!!"
"I was diagnosed a year ago. I have cataplexy as well. I&#039;ve been taking 250mg daily of Nuvigil for about 8 months and I&#039;m very happy with it. The only complaint is that (as another person said) it doesn&#039;t last all day, I also crash out in the afternoon. If you have this problem I suggest eliminating idol time. I have noticed that if I keep myself busy I have no problem going through the day normally. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects whatsoever.  Most of the other medications may keep you awake all day, but seeing as the side effects can be devastating for many people, I&#039;ll take the extra effort to keep my idol time to a minimum and unlike the other medicines I&#039;ve tried, I don&#039;t feel like I need a higher dose every 3 months."
"I&#039;m 18. This is the first pill I&#039;ve been on. I&#039;ve been taking it for 4 months every day at the same time, no missed pill. The first month I was very moody, anything set me off. I&#039;m fine now, but considering swapping because each month when &quot;ovulation&quot; would occur, I bleed. It&#039;s constant spotting for almost a week at a time. Of course, I was on antibiotics at one point. But other than that 1 month, I&#039;ve bled. I&#039;m tired of the spotting, but they said give it a few months. Not sure what to do. Breasts did get larger. 
Just don&#039;t like the spotting at all."
"so far I have had some stomach cramping but at least the doctor in the hospital told me what to expect I&#039;m getting better"
"So I had it inserted on the 6th day of my period. I think that&#039;s why I had issues with it. You&#039;re supposed to get it inserted earlier. Anyway, insertion didn&#039;t hurt but my arm was pretty sore after. My first period came on time and was the normal 7 days. I was used to 5 days because I was on the pill prior but still 7 wasn&#039;t terrible. The next month I didn&#039;t have a period I was super excited. I thought that meant I wouldn&#039;t have it from then on out. I was wrong. I got it monthly until about 5 months ago. It went from 7 days to 9 days. It got super heavy and unpredictable. I&#039;d have it for 9 days then get it again a week later. Then it started lasting 10-15 days. I was moody and crying. I had it taken out."
"I have had RLS since I was a child,they didnt know what it was then and called it &quot;growing pains&quot;.I would cry when it rained or was cold, my legs would hurt so bad. Then 15 years ago, as an adult I was given ultram for a neck injury[three ruptured discs] and my RLS just vanished.I couldnt believe it!At first I kept waiting for it to come back, but it didnt. Now I take tramadol 100 mg three times a day,for nerve pain and RLS and it completely controls the symptoms without obnoxious side effects[like nausea vomiting insomnia and sinusitis from requip, loss of cooridination and falling from gabapentin,headaches, blurred vision, nausea and flank pain from lyrica-ugh those drugs were awful!] I sleep well now and feel rested."
"This is a miracle medicine. Towards the end of my pregnancy my acid reflux was truly just unbearable. This is the only thing that has helped me. I can sleep and eat again, and not randomly choke on acid through the day."
"I have really terrible environmental allergies. My allergist has dubbed me his &quot;most allergic&quot; patient. I take Zyrtec and Singulair in the morning but I&#039;m still itching and sneezing by night time. Atarax relieves my allergies at night like magic. It also helps when I have a bad reaction to my allergy shots or when something I&#039;m extremely allergic to is in season. I also like that it relaxes me and makes me sleep. Definitely a bonus. I can also take them as needed or multiple times per day unlike other allergy medicines."
"Depression has got worse causing me to miss work. Have been on 20 different antidepressants over 7 years. Pristiq didn&#039;t help at all for me, headaches, foggy and nausea. Also shaky at times."
"Took prep kit as recommended. While mixture is not the best tastin, it is at least drinkable. Followed the prep with 32oz of water within 15 mins of finishing drinking the prep solution. Bowel movement began within 15-20 mins of completing both preps and lasted for about 1.5-2hrs."
"I suffer from chronic pain from degenerative disc disease, fibromyalgia, arthritis and depression. Doctor put me on this for my fibromyalgia. I found it has done wonders for my depression (got off Prozac), PMDD and fibromyalgia pain. I&#039;m only 42 yrs old and suffer everyday of my life. This has given me some of my life back. As an added benefit I lost some weight."
"My anxiety and then depression began about 4 months ago.  I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed, and had compulsive negative thoughts, no energy or motivation, and couldn&#039;t sleep, lost 20 pounds.  I was prescribed Lexapro generic.  This med did almost nothing for 3 months.  Within a week of adding Abilify generic, most symptoms changed.  I feel much better, have appetite, better energy, appetite, optimism, more like me, and motivated to get out of bed when I wake up...which is great."
"I needed this to travel.  In the past ambien and sonata did not work for me. Now I can look forward to my trips. Will take the bitter taste anytime, for a good nights sleep."
"Tried switching from Mirapex to Neupro patch - made it only a couple of days - then had to rip the patch off.

This drug totally de-stabalized me - it appeared to be even interfering with my carbo/levo - haven&#039;t shook that bad in a long long time.

Other bad side effects:
1.  Extreme tiredness.. slept a Saturday away (14 hours) then went to bed slept all night and could hardly get going on Sunday.
2.   My arms and legs felt wooden.. stumbled on the stairs a couple of times.
3.  Bad Restless leg syndrome

Looking at the note I wrote to the doc.. it took me several weeks to recover and get back to where I was before taking this drug."
"I&#039;m actually on Laila 35 which is the generic version and it has taken some time for my skin to get where it is but I had horrible cystic acne on my jawline and then just general acne on my face, chest and back. The pill has absolutely cleared my skin to the point where I can go out and not feel like I need makeup. Maybe once I have my scars treated, I might not even need makeup for school. I get heaps of compliments on how much better my skin is and looks, let alone how GOOD I feel. Unless you have acne you wouldn&#039;t understand that its not just something on you face that goes away when you use a cleanser, it&#039;s a mental thing. Take this and don&#039;t expect instant results."
"I was having terrible anxiety out of the blue at age 59 they anxiety lasted all day and into the evening for one month. I was on Prozac and the doctor put me on Lexapro instead and my anxiety was gone by the third day of taking it! It has worked wonderfully for me I feel normal again and not so fearful!"
"I am taking Metoprolol 50mg 3 times per day since the beginning of January and my heart rate is still very high137 bpm on average for a seventy one year old male previously active and in good health.  When I climb stairs I am short of breath feel weaker than normal. Previous taking Digoxin 62.5mg x3/day. This controlled/capped my HR at 115bpm without side effects. So my HR has increased by comparison since starting Metoprolol. I would welcome all your comment."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for 4 months now and at first there didn&#039;t seem to be much of any side effects but after the second month or so I started breaking out like crazy. I used to only break out around my period but Aviane made me break out all month. I gained 10 lbs and was not happy about it. Overall not such a bad birth control because periods are very regular 3-5 days but I&#039;m definitely trying something else."
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy around 7th grade, and pretty much sleep through middle school. I took Ritalin about up to 10th grade which moderately helped me stay awake, but I still would always crash multiple times a day due to the fact that it doesn&#039;t completely eliminate excessive sleepiness and trying to perfect your taking-schedule really is crucial with any narcolepsy prescribed medication. When my neurologist started me on Provigil, I was pretty shocked by the lack of side-effects it had, and it was a somewhat natural awake feeling as others have mentioned. I went from taking 2 (200 mg) pills a day to taking 2-3 (200 mg) pills a day depending on my schedule, exercise, or exam studying. "
"Decided to take Dulcolax Pink, as it said it was gentle on sensitive stomachs (which I definitely have). I took 2, and then did the worst thing I could possibly do.... went online and read reviews. Needless to say I was completely freaked out by what I read and I prepared myself for an awful night. I have to say now, it was really not that bad. Exactly 6 hours after taking it, I had some cramping, very mild nausea, and diarrhea (but what do you really expect from a laxative?). I drank about 1.5 liters of water while taking this, so maybe that was part of it not being so bad. It&#039;s been about 16 hours now since I&#039;ve taken it and I&#039;ve eaten and feel completely normal. I don&#039;t like to rely on laxatives, but would take this one again if need be!"
"Taking the slow release, 120 mg version.  I take it at night about 30 minutes before bedtime.  Averts any dizziness since I am going to bed to sleep.  BP has been good 125/80 generally. resting pulse of about 60.  Thankfully I am optimal weight and I exercise 4 to 5 times weekly, mostly a 2 mile walk each time and about 50 situps.   Drinking lots of water to stay hydrated. mild constipation so I eat a cup of yogurt at least every other day."
"Do not take this drug. It can cause breast cancer. 43 years old and diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. This drug jolessa is lethal. Any drug that prevents you from having a normal cycle is dangerous to your body. It is not safe to go 90 days without a menstruel cycle. When this happens your body can over express the hormone estrogen in your body and can give you cancer. I fear that this message will not make it to review because theese drug companies don&#039;t want you to know about this. Shame on them if they don&#039;t post this. Do your research and homework and be safe. I was a Jolessa user and now I am a stage 4 breast cancer patient!!!!!!!!!!&#039;"
"It worked the first few nights. After that it ceased to be helpful at all."
"I&#039;m 23 and I&#039;ve been taking Lutera for 2.5 years now. At first it was great, I didn&#039;t have any side effects except for mood swings now and then. But after 2 years I&#039;ve lost my sex drive almost completely and have a lot of trouble with natural lubrication. I also have really dry eyes. At least I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, I have an alarm to let me know to take it so I have never missed a pill and have taken it within the same 10 minute time frame every day. Today I ordered the Skyla after talking it through with my doctor and I can&#039;t wait to not have to remember to take a pill anymore."
"I was in an accident. Doctors words...I had to learn how too do everything again walk, talk, stand, brush teeth etc. Oxycodone and Oxycontin neather worked much. I was switched to Opana ER. What a difference this made. Pain was reduced by 50% more than the Oxycontin and almost no mental decrease. This was my biggest issue and now solved with Opana ER. Thank you Opana ER."
"I was on ortho tri cyclen for about 4 months before switching to its generic version (tri sprintec) so in total I&#039;ve been on the pill for 8 months. There are a couple of side effects I&#039;ve had... Weight gain  ... Vaginal dryness .... My sex drive is at an all time low and my hormones used to drive me crazy... I have problems with depression and anxiety but I do believe it stabilized that and helped just a bit. Its cleared up my cystic acne somewhat... Thats all I can think of for the side effects. I take the bad with the good, and the whole point of taking it was for acne and avoiding pregnancy and its doing a great job at the avoiding pregnancy thing! I would probably recommend."
"I started this Medication on October 6th 2015.  So far I have gained 2 pounds. The first week I took the one pill and everyday I was sleepy around 3pm at work. I am now taking 1am and 1pm, I have diarrhea but that&#039;s about it. My eating habits has always been irregular I do notice I don&#039;t snack in between meals. I just received my scale, I am still excited so I will check in to give an update."
"Had a headache from drinking the night before.  Took 6mg Dilaudid, the pain was gone almost instantly."
"This gum does as it says, helps stop the cravings. I just traded one addiction for another, and am highly addicted to the gum. I would seek help from other places, as this is even more expensive than smoking! 

I notice that when I chew a lot of it, my heart races and get light headed upon standing. This medication can&#039;t be good long term, so please be careful."
"I started taking gabapentin for my trigeminal neuralgia nearly 3 years ago but it gave me alarming mood swings, I nearly hit my wife! This sent me back to the doctor and I was put on pregabalin which was slightly better on the moods swings but became less effective over time. Now on Tegretol slow release (400mg morning and 600mg evening) it allows me to work but in some pain. I tried 600mg twice a day but I slept all day every day for a month. Breakthrough pain can be helped by taking tramadol and Co-codamol although only slightly. Overall good but it will leave you sleepy and forgetful - don&#039;t forget it&#039;s job is to slow the neurons in you&#039;re brain (I believe it was originally developed for epilepsy). Don&#039;t expect to be completely pain free and good luck."
"Definitely improving my life. I&#039;m less stressed at work and life with the kids is easier.  Some social settings (crowds) still bothersome, but I&#039;m getting there. One of the pages I read warned about caffeine intake, they weren&#039;t kidding. I cut out caffeine and it lessened my mood swings.  Please read about interactions with other medicines when you start something new, it makes a difference!"
"I started taking phentermine 03/29 at 241.6lbs. I was 265lbs in 2010 and lost weight naturally and went to the gym and got down to 211lbs and got lazy and the weight has crept back up. I didn&#039;t think the Rx would work but today 03/30 I was 237.6 after just 1 day. I worked out for 2hrs on my 1st day and had to leave because I was so nauseous. I got a headache and nausea on day 1 and could barely eat. Today was day 2 and my head has been hurting and I&#039;ve been nauseous for over 10hrs and couldn&#039;t go to workout. I am taking 37.5mg I&#039;m the mornings. I read the headache may be hunger or dehydration so I forced down an Apple and naked chicken breast but it was hard to get down and symptoms didn&#039;t go away. I&#039;m gonna try to stick with it."
"Relieved neck spasms and akathisia from antipsychotics"
"Started my period when I was 11, went through cycles like a normal pre-teen, and then when I was 13 my period stopped.  After a few months I mentioned it to my pediatrician, who referred me to an OBGYN, and then a pediatric endocrinologist.  Because I was so young, I chose to forgo BC and do metformin, started out at 500mg/day. Lost 40 pounds and felt great, periods came back to every 35-40 days.  However, after a while, the medication stopped working and I was put up to 1000mg, then eventually 1500mg.  Once I was older I switched to BC because the metformin stopped working.  Liked that I lost a lot of weight in the beginning, but then it just stopped.  I&#039;m on it again now after 3 years to lower my free testosterone, and it&#039;s ok."
"I have been taking 14 units each morning for the past 3 weeks.  Week one not bad I think because of the transition from Lantus to Trebisa.  Week 2 started having highs in the morning with meals and then dropping low starting around 4pm.  Week three highs still in the morning and having to take triple Novolog (1 unit per 15 carbs) and then by 4 pm dropping to the 40&#039;s and 50&#039;s and having to drink up to 3 8oz glasses of OJ to level back out.  This week I am trying to split the dosage to 7 units in the morning and 7 at night.  That was a fail, I ran high all night.  With all these challenges Dr. switched me back to Lantus."
"please girls do not get this bc. I have bled for 9 months gained 50 lbs and my boobs have blowed up like ballons. just had removed and am hoping to get my life back."
"I am a register nurse working 12 hour shifts.  tugging pulling.  I fell back in 1998 and damaged both of my knee&#039;s severely.  I have taken many different medications to control my chronic pain.  I have been taking nucynta 75mg every 6 hours since summer 2015.  Not all of my pain is gone, but I can tolerate more activity.  My life has improved greatly.   It is great that I do not have to burn up my liver with Tylenol.  Like all medications; it is not for everybody.  It works with my body chemistry.   My pain levels are low enough where I can sleep."
"Helped with the pain from an animal bite"
"I was suffering from regular severe urinary tract infections, taking multiple courses of antibiotics each time, only to feel relief for a few weeks before getting another infection, despite drinking 2  liters of water per day, taking cranberry supplements, and washing and urinating before and after sex. Since taking Hiprex, I have not had an infection in several months. The only negative is that the tablets taste awful."
"I started Contrave in October of 2015.   I followed a 1200-1500 calorie diet and walked for activity. I lost 60 pounds by July of 2016. I was taken off the medicine slowly and have since maintained the weight loss. I did suffer through some illness in the beginning, but I used bonine for the nausea. After two to three weeks I felt fine.  Contrave was a success for me!!!!"
"Love this pill! I tried Ortho Cylclen, Ortho Tri-Cyclen, Loestrin 24.  They all made me emotional, have angry outbursts, and hazy feeling. I didn&#039;t want to go back on the pill because of that but I wanted to give it one last shot. It hasn&#039;t affected my mood or weight at all. Everyone&#039;s body is different. If you have issues with a pill look up the hormone combination. I noticed that the 3 failures had one in common and tried to find a new pill that didn&#039;t contain that hormone. Orsythia was one and I really am happy I gave it a shot. What works for one person might not work for you. Keep an open mind and keep trying until you find what works for you."
"Insertion was not bad.  I recommend getting Mirena inserted while bleeding, as the cervix is open.
First 6 months spotting off and on.  Then following months just light period around my cycle time.  No weight gain.  Not to much hair thinning.  Overall, I think Mirena is a great choice for long and effective birth control."
"This product changed my life! I used to hide the sweat from my underarms in black now I refuse to buy anything black. I love my new look and my new confidence."
"I took 2 Dulcolax for mild constipation and 5 hours later was hit with severe abdominal pain and sweating for about 45 minutes. It was the first time that I had used this. I was about to leave for the emergency room and it subsided.  My daughter read some reviews on Dulcolax and found that several people were affected in this way. I would definitely stay away from this product. It did relieve the constipation this morning."
"I suffer from severe pelvic and abdominal adhesions and severe pelvic pain as a result. It was from a combination of several surgeries, GI issues, endometriosis, bleeding ovarian cysts etc. I am going to be 30 this year and the condition has robbed me of most of my twenties. For years I have tried Percocet, Dilaudid, Lortab, oxycodone, dihydrocodeine, injections in my nerves, Lyrica, topimarate. They only work for a short time and then I have to pretty much live my life around my pain medicine schedule. Then after my last 2 surgeries, the pain got better and was slightly okay with Lortab but not good enough. I started MS Contin 15mg twice a day last week and I have been virtually pain free. I even forget to take the second dose sometimes."
"I love the NuvaRing! It&#039;s easy, I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill, my periods are light. The only side effect I&#039;ve had while being on it, was I was bleeding while having sex. After speaking to my doctor about it, she told me this is VERY common and I can keep my ring out for up to 2 hours to have sex. So that&#039;s the only negative. Having to take out my birth control every time I&#039;m about to have sex. Other than that, I strongly recommend NuvaRing."
"My son was on Daytrana, it worked so well- he would still be on it if we could have gotten the dosage right. The 10 mg wasn&#039;t strong enough, the 15 mg affected his diet too much and he lost weight. The only other problems we had out of it was the patch itself- sometimes the plastic back didn&#039;t want to peel off and/or the patch wouldn&#039;t stick right."
"I started abilify in January of this year, 10 mg. I&#039;m now taking 15 mg. This medication has given me back my life.

No voices, no visual hallucinations. I still struggle with mild paranoia though. I can get through the day, and that&#039;s saying something!"
"So I had unprotected sex on June 20th took the pill right after we did it. The only side effects I had was only nausea and dizziness, also tiredness but it only last for a day for me. And my expected date for my period is July 6 and of course it did came but really bad cramps."
"Drug works but the patch is horrible.  It is plastic and wrinkles up.  The edges don&#039;t adhere well so the patch is always sticking to my clothes.  I hope they fix this issue.  If they do I will buy again but for now I&#039;m going to save my money."
"Diagnosed anxiety, depression and ADD. Have been on Ritalin but side effects were too severe, making depression and anxiety worse. 
On d-amp for 2 weeks now. It&#039;s doing its job and I barely have any side effects."
"I Discovered 1984 Naltrexone was available in the USA. I am Australian, Started Social Drinking at 19yrs. Became Totally Alcohol Dependent at 24yrs. In &amp; Out of Trouble with the Law. Many Episodes of detox. AA did Not work for me. Finally a Hospital in 2000 allowed me Into their Limited Detox Unit. I read literature on Naltrexone for Drug Addicts &amp; Alcoholics, Asked the Drs could We try this Naltrexone as Nothing has Ever Worked . Will Power NO. Detox on many Occasions NO. Relationships Broken due to my Alcoholism. Finally in 2000 Nov. First given 50mg in Detox. Out of Hospital I drank on the side &amp; became So ill! Aug 2001. That was It! I&#039;m 62yrs Now! Wish Naltrexone was Available when I was 24yrs Old. Sober Now since Aug 2001."
"I am on a long term trial with a PCSK9 Inhibitor - over 7 months now. I have had some bowel issues but after discussion with my GP and my Cardiologist, we tried 1mg of Loperamide Hydrochloride. I take this as I feel the change in the bowel, and all is well before getting to diarrhoea and excessive wind. This has worked well. Check with your doctor and cardiologist."
"Since I had the mirena I haven&#039;t gotten my period at all. It&#039;s been a year and I haven&#039;t bled. I have gained a lot of weight specially on my legs and I do get a lot of cramps sometimes."
"I&#039;ve had it about 8 months and have my period pretty much all the time! If I don&#039;t bleed I have sex then I start to bleed again. It&#039;s already bad enough I don&#039;t have a sex drive! I never had a heavy period or bad cramps but I do now. I do feel on edge ever since I got it. I thought at the beginning it was just my hormones from having a baby and breastfeeding but no sometimes I just snap! I&#039;m getting this thing out ASAP! I&#039;ve waited the 6 months they say for your body to adjust and it&#039;s not working!"
"Lost 12 pounds in 6 weeks. (261--&gt;249)
Minor changes to diet.  Exercising a little more.
I found it&#039;s best to avoid sugar as much as possible because eating sugar starts a craving that can be too much for the Belviq.
But it works, in my opinion.  And I have had no side effects.
My goal is to lose at least another 60 pounds."
"I&#039;m giving this an 8 because I have only been taking for a few weeks. I am taking 25mg/day along with up to 100mg of Hydroxizine every 6 hours for anxiety. Doc told me it would take about 4-6 weeks for Sertraline to really kick in but, let me tell you, I have already noticed a HUGE difference! Much calmer, clear minded, able to focus, excited to be alive. I just got sober a few weeks ago, so these meds are a Godsend since my body is readjusting to normality. So far, 2 thumbs way up!

Side effects I&#039;ve noticed: HUGE appetite, random small headaches, and lower sex drive. All of these could be from too much caffeine, too little exercise, my body readjusting to sobriety..........or a multitude of other things. Can&#039;t pinpoint them to the meds."
"Diagnosed with ulcerative colitis a year ago. Took medicine for a month. Cleared up. Recently, another flare up. Am taking again and is slowly clearing up again."
"I was pregnant, I had to stop taking Relpax (at 2 x a month) for migraines and I made notes and found I had horrible pain 20 out of 30 days in the month.  For 2 months I suffered and my ob referred me to my neuro who referred to my ob and no one would help me.  A new neuro put me on Periactin 4mg once a day.  I started it on -I think day 2  of what usually is a 3 day migraine and it stopped.  I had only a faint sensation of a headache.  "
"This is the worst medication I have ever taken! It was poison to me! Severe lower back pain so bad had to walk with 2 canes! Thought it was sciatica , had extreme bladder pain, headaches , burning itching feet, severe , constipation , stomach pain so bad I ended up in emergency room! And ended up with upper respitory infection, My primary care took me off this garbage , all symptoms seem to be going away! Just a warning before you take this poison ask questions and read up on it!!!!!"
"I love Trinessa I have had no negative side effects at all. It cleared up most of my acne scaring and I have been on it for 2 years now and had no pregnancy scares ever and I do it unprotected a lot. I would recommend this as a girls first pill to try."
"I have been experiencing cystic acne for about 3 months now. My doctor had put on adaphlene cream and doxy antibiotic pills the first 2 months which basically purge out all sorts of acne. I was aware that it takes roughly 12 weeks to see results but I was just getting worse. My doctor ended up referring me to a Dermatologist who told me to continue with the adaphlene cream 0.1% at night. He took me off of the doxy antibiotic and prescribe me the minocycline 50mg 2 times a day and Aczone gel 7.5 once day as well as wash my face with Benozoyl Peroxide wash. The acne is almost gone after only being on the new medications 2 weeks. All I have left now is the horrible hyperpigmentation from the acne and it seems to be fading gradually too."
"All I can say is Wellbutrin has substantially increased my quality of life. I was so scared about side effects that I waited years to try antidepressants. I was on Celexa and when that failed I was put on Zoloft which also did me no good. Wellbutrin not only brought me out of a deep depression it&#039;s caused me to be active and my weight is now in the normal range. I&#039;m also more organized and positive than I&#039;ve ever been. My family members who were initially against me taking Wellbutrin has changed their opinion because they see me enjoy life again."
"Fought these suckers for a year on and off with my kids. I tried vinegar and salt, coca cola, olive oil, dollar store brand, rid and an expensive moose..kept coming back so I got so aggrevated and took them to doc he prescribed sklice and DONE..BOOM..NOTTA BUG ANYWHERE..finally peace..thank you sklice..one and done"
"Garbage. Note they no longer offer the 15 day free trial. I shelled out $160 for pills that make me dizzy (like drunk) and exhusted. I gained weight because I couldn&#039;t find the energy to get off the couch. I gave them over 2 weeks to get into my system, suffering the whole time with no benefit. I wish hadn&#039;t bothered."
"I&#039;m 24 yrs old. When I was only 4 I started experiencing crazy symptoms. Constant eye twitching, joint pain everywhere.. (Especially my hands) It wasn&#039;t until I turned 22 that a Dr thought to test me for Lyme Disease! After almost 20 yrs of searching for a diagnosis &amp; treatment! I immediately was started on Doxy (100mg 2xDaily for a month) &amp; referred to I.D. DR. I didn&#039;t even make it 3 days on the Doxy cuz the HERX! I wanted to die! Was then switched to a different antibiotic &amp; again, only made it a few days on it because of how unbearable it was. A year later &amp; I&#039;m trying the Doxy again. Only 2 days in, feel like I&#039;m dying. Whoever thinks Chronic Lyme isn&#039;t real, let me infect you &amp; not get treated for years. Then let&#039;s see what you think!"
"This is a Zombie drug , causes me to fall and hurt myself , makes me have zero emotions and I hate everyone and want everyone in the world to die ..... would be animal abuse to give it to a pet ......I&#039;m not taking this anymore ."
"My uncle(who is a doctor),suggested Epiduo, and take a medicine called Minocycline/Akamine. I take the mino twice everyday and the production of acne reduced in the first few weeks.At the same time, I clean my face every night with a gentle cleanser and put moisturiser. Afterwards,I put the Epiduo on the infected area. People have been saying that, it hurts/burns, but for me it was only the first night. I was itching badly, I couldn&#039;t sleep. So I put a lot of moisturiser on my face. Afterwards, it didn&#039;t hurt/burn ever.  I don&#039;t put Epiduo on my face everyday but when an area of my face is only infected. I&#039;ve been using it for 5 months and its heaven. No acne at all. Epiduo only helps clear the acne on your face not clear it, the medicine does"
"This medication really helped me and it works fast. I do agree with one comment a consumer made, it can constipate you. I went from one extreme diarrhea to not being able to go at all. I guess you just have to figure out how much or how many doses are best for you. Still, I&#039;m glad my doctor prescribed it for me."
"This medicine has been a complete life changer for me. Having heavy periods 4 months non stop bleeding I am 40 years old. I was prescribed 10 milligrams for 10 days. If it wasn&#039;t for this medicine my everyday life would be unbearable. Some drugs aren&#039;t for everyone. This one is by far the best. Everyone says it can cause cancer it has bad side effects. Doesn&#039;t everything in life cause cancer and have bad side effects this drug is so helpful prolonged uterine bleeding I would recommend this to anyone. This medicine save me from a complete hysterectomy so why everyone voices their opinions on it don&#039;t take it go on and bleed and deal with it and quit complaining about it maybe if it wasn&#039;t for the stress in your life your periods would be reg"
"Zoloft is not a good medicine for &quot;severe&quot; depression. I have OCD and that is what this medicine is best used for. It does help with the anxiety and the headaches that go along with it. It keeps the obsessive thoughts to a minimum. My compulsive need to make everything perfect is also gone. It makes you more social too. It has not made me gain weight. It is a good drug if used for OCD."
"I have been on Nexplanon for a yr. I have not had a period during that time. I occasionally get cramps but that&#039;s it. overall it was a miracle for me.  I used to suffer from ovarian cysts and heavy periods. It also supported my road warrior lifestyle which was difficult with the pill."
"I had been on another antibiotic for 3 weeks.  When I went in for a recheck, I still had pneumonia, so was put on Levaquin for 5 days. The first day I took it in the morning &amp; it made me light headed, so I decided to take it @ night.  It would cause me to wake up throughout the night. I would also have a burning sensation in my chest &amp; get hot.  I went back in for a checkup &amp; the x-ray showed that some parts had improved, but some parts were worse. I was referred to a pulmonologist.  I feel like it was too strong for my body."
"I had this medicine during a recent surgery, rather than propofol. When I awoke I woke up, somewhat naturally but for the first 45 minutes I was disoriented and got people&#039;s names wrong."
"This my 6th week with Trulicity. First week was terrible. Nausea, breathing problem, loss of appetite, stomach trouble, weakness. Felt like discontinue but thought of giving a trial. At present my blood sugar level is holding good, feeling better. Looks like my body is adjusting to this new medicine. If present condition holds and if my A1c drops to near 7 or so, I am inclined to use Trulicity. Am using .75/.5 dose."
"Its been 3 months now off Xanax ( was taking up to 4 mg a day for 2 years after brother killed himself) and I&#039;m just now starting to feel like myself again.  Coming off the xanax was the hardest thing I&#039;ve ever done.  I had to force myself to work and keep my job. I had good days and bad days (more bad than good). My symptoms were crazy. No sleep, headaches, shakes, twitching, pain everywhere, memory problems. If I knew how hard it is to come off benzo&#039;s, I never would have touched it. Short term use= ok. Stressful event=ok. If this helps one person, then yay. Please be careful! Don&#039;t end up detoxing off of a benzo and going thru hell for weeks or months. Research this med. Not fun!"
"This is my first time taking such a high dosage of this medicine, which was usual for me but I had abad tooth ache. I have taken penicillin before but at a lower dosage, however this new med has a higher dosage and the side effects are bothersome. I do not truly feel it is worth continuing to take. I&#039;m consulting the doctor that prescribed the med to me from our local hospital&#039;s ER."
"Tried all the benzodiazepines with no luck. Then they tried Buspar and it changed my life."
"I was put on sertraline six years ago after my previous SSRI, Luvox, became ineffective.  I have found it effective at controlling my depression and anxiety, but there have been some major drawbacks.  Primarily, I find myself unable to achieve orgasm during intercourse.  Also, earlier this summer, I tried reducing my dosage from 150 mg to 100 mg - and I got a taste of SSRI withdrawal syndrome, which really, really, really sucks - a veritable hell on earth.  I am currently looking into changing to a better tolerated drug."
"I started this pill on 4/13/15.  At that time I weighed 168, my height is 5&#039;1&quot;.  As of 5/21/15 I have lost 11 pounds.  This pill definitely helps to curb your appetite and give you an energy boost.  I think it&#039;s super important to setup good eating habits and a solid exercise routine while you have the extra energy, especially since this isn&#039;t a pill you&#039;ll be able to take long term.  Use it to your advantage!!  Good luck all, sounds like everyone is doing really well.  Yay us!!!!"
"this medication saved my life...I actually like the mylan better than the vivelle as far as the way I feel, the vivelle caused sinus problems and gassy bloat, the mylan product did not for me, however the mylan product doesn&#039;t stick as well or last as long....OVERALL: I love estrogen replacement and it is a TRAGEDY that women are suffering and their docs are not offering HRT when it is now proven that HRT prolongs life and has a protective influence on heart, bones and brain.  I want to tell every woman out there do not be a hero, do not suffer, and do not be afraid.  estrogen is good for you and can give you your life back.  why do none of the women I talk to know this? crime!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Lo Loestrin FE for about 2.5 years now.  The first few months were pretty rough, ie. mood swings, weight gain, low sex drive.  I was even nauseous and sometimes had two periods in one month.  YES, I agree it can be tough to give this one a chance, but I&#039;m glad I did.  At this point I have not had a period in months, and all side effects have mellowed.  I do get normal PMS symptoms, light cramping and body aches, just no bleeding.  No more weight gain or mood swings.  I&#039;m glad I stuck it out because it has been the best birth control I&#039;ve used."
"This is the only hormonal BC pill that doesn&#039;t give me mood swings or headaches, however, I do get frequent, heavy spotting throughout the month :("
"Brings me back from panic attacks, only thing that calms me down."
"I started these pills on 09/26/16 my starting weight was 226 pounds so its been I guess almost 2 weeks stepped on the scale 10/05/16 and I am down to about 210 pounds which is good because I did not feel like I lost anything....When I first started I was very jittery, headache, and not eating a lot of stuff my goal is to get up under 200 pounds and come off of the pill within the next month I am hoping. I have started to experience a little of chest pain I am 27 years old and 5&#039;5 so at my age i really want to lose inches so I am going to start adding exercise in my diet maybe a routine. I hope this helps."
"I taken plan B within the time frame and did everything that I was supposed to do. This pill cost $50 and was not effective. Two weeks after I have taken this I took 4 pregnancy test and all came back positive. I used two different brands just to make sure. Ept being one and the other clearblue. I&#039;m now not sure what to do because having a baby was never in my plans. People don&#039;t waste your money. Practice abstinence!"
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for about 7 or 8 months. I noticed I began getting very depressed after about 2 or 3 months and now it has only gotten worse I&#039;m on antidepressants which aren&#039;t helping. I have horrible migraines almost every day which seem to get worse. My period happens about every 2-3 weeks. I&#039;m tired all the time and I have ridiculous mood swings.. I&#039;m so touchy and sensitive. After reading this I&#039;m going to stop taking this birth control."
"Ive been on Depo for a little over 6 months now. After my first shot I had my period as regular which worried me but after that week I&#039;ve never had it again. I weigh at about 115-120 pounds depending on how active I&#039;m being. I have gone up a cup size in my breast but I&#039;m not complaining. My only concerns is that in the future I might gain weight or I&#039;ll have weak bones. I&#039;m planning on taking the shot for at least 7 or 8 more years but I don&#039;t know what effects that will have on my body. So far though its a 10/10. No headaches, no more periods. I still want to have sex with my boyfriend more than ever and I love the fact that I feel normal and like myself, and not moody and in pain. I love Depo and I hope it works out for me in the long run."
"I have had bacterial &amp; kidney infections for about 15 yrs off &amp; on &amp; docs have prescribed many different antibiotics to me but Cipro is the only thing that ever worked for me &amp; is strong enough to kill the Bacteria.Cipro is my only hope once my infection starts!"
"I wanted to put up my experience with Wellbutrin, because some people may have the same issues that I had with the drug. In the onset of taking Wellbutrin, I had, each time, slight to severe anxiety and almost worsening of symptoms, in proportion to how hefty of a dosage I started off with. Long story short, I&#039;m never getting off of it again, BUT if someone is trying to get on wellbutrin and is having awful anxiety and no sleep or appetite like I did.... you might ask your doctor if you can take a small dosage and taper up. I literally started with 18.5mg and I still had a few symptoms from that, but I could also feel improvement at the same time. I increased by 18.5 more each 3-7 days. I&#039;m not on 300&#039;s and knock on wood, my life is back."
"Endep had a very quick effect and eliminated the muscular pain that I have suffered for more than ten years.
I do feel drowsy, its seems to have a calming effect on me and I sleep amazingly well."
"Been on this medicine for almost 2 years. Went to max dose of 60mg. Did NOTHING for my depression, anxiety, back pain, or Fibromyalgia. Completely useless medication. And whats worse? You got it- WITHDRAWAL. I have been to the ER 4 times now since withdrawing from 60mg down to 30mg, so I am only half way weened off as of now. Extreme vertigo, nausea, dizziness, brain zaps, edge of panic all day into night. Worst experience I have every had after trying different anti-depressants for the last 7 years. Gave this medicine the last chance. After I get off it, may take me a year or more to ween the rest of the way down."
"Abilify has been a miracle drug as an anti-depressant augmenter. It eliminates the mood disorder side of depression and anxiety when taken with my other medications.  Unfortunately, it&#039;s also makes me very drowsy even at super low dosages (e.g. 1/2-1.5 mg)."
"I am working on a cross wean from lexapro to zoloft after lex pooped out after ten years. Up to 50 mg now and 5 mg of lex and feeling so so so much better. No more panic attacks, no more waiting in bed until my klonopin kicks in, sleeping better, depression drastically decreased and feel I have a purpose in life again. Mild GI distress, but I&#039;d take that forever over where I was. Wish I had had the guts to do this sooner."
"I&#039;ve been using this for about 3 years now. This is probably the first product I&#039;ve ever used that resulted in clearer skin, both on my face and my body. I went from having at least 5-7 big red pimples at all times, often more when I was on my period, to having clear skin with maybe a few small blemishes most of the time. It took a few months before I noticed it was actually working. Everything was great until 2 months ago, I now have acne just as bad, if not worse, than ever before (face and back). I still use Benzaclin but it&#039;s had absolutely no effect, which is extremely disappointing. Back to square one I guess."
"Although it did stop the coughing, I had a bad allergic reaction. My body started itching, my tongue and lips swelled. And when the itching stopped, things felt weird."
"I took this pill after 24 hours of the accident. 5 days later I got what they say is a &quot;Plan B Period&quot; even though I got that I was still stressing think of the what if&#039;s, the next month my period was late 7 days late in fact but it eventually came. I am so thankful for this pill. What I learned is don&#039;t stress if you take the pill directed you will be fine. The only down side was I got extremely tired"
"Went to the hospital for uncontrollable nausea/vomiting and am Type 1 diabetic.  By IV it made me restless, agitated, and my face felt slightly swollen but it along with some Zofran in-between stopped the vomiting.  They diagnosed me with gastroparesis so now I take it 30 mins before I eat and once before bed."
"I have suffered from recurrent urinary tract infections since I became sexually active. I would get an infection every time I had sex with my boyfriend. I tried countless courses of antibiotics which apparently cleared the infection but when I had sex again i got another one. finally my doctor put me on nitrofurantoin and this cleared the infection immediately. I have still to finish the course. I haven&#039;t had sex while taking the last few courses to make sure the infection has cleared fully! "
"This Medication Is The best pain medicine I have tried. I&#039;ve tried Codeine, Oxycodone, And all those over the counter meds. Hydrocodone By far has helped my nerve and back pain. I&#039;m only 16 years old and I have alot of Back problems (Scoliosis, Spondylithesis, Herniated disk, pinched nerve) And Leg pain. I take 1 tablet 3 to 4 times daily as needed for my pain. It takes my pain away within 15 minutes! It&#039;s a wonderful medication. I love it. I&#039;ve been on Lortab 7.5/500 for about a year now."
"Monodox is awesome. Not only did it only cost $10 with their savings card but also works so well. I had taken Doryx before but couldn&#039;t tolerate it at all! I got a rash and extreme nausea (150mg) but now I started taking 100mg of Monodox in the evening with dinner and not only do I not have the rash or nausea but I also don&#039;t have the photosensitivity. Plus the Doryx pill was HUGE. These capsules are so small and easy to swallow. If you take the Monodox 75mg you can either spread the dosing or take it all at once, whatever works best for you. But for me the 100mg is perfect. I should note I also started using Ziana at night as I couldn&#039;t tolerate any of the benzoyl peroxide topicals. And starting tonight I will also add Aczone as a primer."
"I am in my early 60s. Have had chronic constipation ever since childhood (2 BMs per week), but it became much worse in the last couple of years (up to 2 weeks without BM). After more than a year of trying to find the optimal amount of Miralax to take per day per GI doctor&#039;s instructions, and when to also include stool softeners, I  was doing okay (BM every 4 or 5 days), but had occasional leakage. I started Amitiza two weeks ago at my internist&#039;s suggestion, two 8mg pills twice a day. It was like a miracle the first week - small to medium daily movements and a couple of large ones. No side effects. But now it stopped working. It has been 7 days with no BM. The last 2 days I took 24 mg. Also ate prunes and took stool softeners. Nothing yet."
"I have been on Benicar 20mg for about 2 years for high blood pressure and headaches caused by stenosis and a bad disk in my neck. I know within a couple of hours if I have missed my dose. My blood pressure elevates, headaches with loss of balance, dizziness, sensitivity to light and my neck muscles knot up. For the past several months I have experienced leg and feet swelling on a regular basis. If it wasn&#039;t for Benicar, I would have had neck surgery several years ago."
"First started taking for cluster headaches (much worse than your run of the mill migraine), worked a treat. Was taking rizapan, sumagram, maxalt, basically all the Triptans and while they work I get about 4 cluster headaches a day so I started to get headaches from the overdosing on Triptans. Went to hospital and endone did nothing for me. Tried beta blockers, they made me really sick. Even did physio and acupuncture, don&#039;t even bother.... 30mg of endep and the cluster headaches are completely gone."
"This has helped me to control my glucose better than any of the medications that I have tried in the past."
"Was given this for depression and had no idea it would transform my life. After taking for just 1 day I noticed my pain was almost gone after suffering for years. I can&#039;t believe that only the day before I started venlafaxine I had to use crutches to go shopping because the pain in my legs and back when walking was excruciating. I&#039;ve noticed I feel so much more relaxed than I have in years, my mood has improved, I feel almost excited that I can now get my life back. I am 45, have Ehlers Danlos Syndrome and fibromyalgia and wish I had known about venlafaxine years ago."
"If your getting side effects  from taking prednisone try switching to Hydrocortisone tablets and see if that helps"
"I was achy, feverish (100.4) and had a severe headache.I felt like a truck ran me over. I went to the Dr. and was prescribed Tamiflu. I took the first dose and noticed a difference. I didnt have nausea, insomnia or diarrhea. No side effects. I was skeptical as viral infections have to run their course but I&#039;m so happy I took it."
"Used it for a few months, once every morning. Works great to stop the allergies throughout the day, I&#039;ve definitely not had the debilitating problems that come through now and again as if I caught a cold, and this definitely stops that from happening. But the piercing headaches are bad after a few minutes, so I have to take ibuprofen to get through it. Then, I am OK through the day, mostly, I can function. But after a while, a couple months, my whole body started to feel numb. Can&#039;t feel my back, arms, legs, hands, feet, shoulders, and numb in a way that I am not able to perform athletically. If I get hurt, twist a wrist or pull a muscle I can feel those kinds of things, but for coordination, I felt detached, weak, awful, angry, annoyed."
"This med is so wrong for me that i had tightness in both sides of my chest i freaked out .I am bi-polar and  anxiety is very hard to live with. My chest got tight then it went in to a panic attack .Let it be used for what its meant for  NOT FOR ME!!!!!"
"I have serious insomnia issues worse than most people. Trazodone helps to initiate sleep but not to maintain it. However, if you have another medicine that helps with sleep maintenance or that increases slow wave sleep, trazodone can be a good ally. (for me, a combination of pregabalin and gabapentin helps with the latter). Between 50-150 mg should do the trick. If the dose is too high, instead of sleeping you may get stuck in a state that is between sleeping and awake, which is not so great. Hence it&#039;s good to titrate upwards and find that sweet spot."
"I&#039;ve been on Clonazepam for five years now. I take it for general anxiety disorder. This is a miracle drug. I don&#039;t care what the critics say about the idea that it&#039;s addictive or that you build up a tolerance or any of the other hundreds of negative things they say about this drug. All the negative effects they claim you&#039;ll experience haven&#039;t happened to me. And trust me, if anyone feels the side effects of drugs, it&#039;s me. All the cold and flu medications, antihistamine, etc. that say they are non drowsy (i.e. Clartin) knock me out completely. Sure, this drug is addictive, but so is your heart medication. If you go off it, you might get a heart attack. Listen to the doctors, not the Internet."
"I was having a horrible withdrawal from Cymbalta and was determined to get off it! After my docs only answer was take Ativan (which made me extremely zombified). After two trips to the ER they recommended Vistaril and it calmed the brain zaps, disorientation and extreme confusion. It&#039;s been a huge help!"
"I started risperidone after my last hospitalization for PTSD with psychosis. Before risperidone I suffered from insomnia, nightmares, and paranoia that lead me to full blown psychotic state. I now live a more normal life with few symptoms. I take risperidone with sertraline and clonazepam at night then pass out for about 10 hours. I suffer from mental fog and lack of emotion on the drug. I don&#039;t fully wake up until about 4 pm after my afternoon nap. It has also caused my periods to stop and enlarged breasts that leak once I up&#039;d to 2 mg. Going to try ziprazidone next to see if I can have better quality of life."
"It seemed to work well for me right from the start.  I had been on Remicade previously but I had to quit due to losing my insurance.  By the time I went to Simponi I was hurting pretty bad.

Unfortunately, it stopped working after a while (18 months) but that has been my personal experience with Biologics.  When it worked, it worked well."
"This medication helps me sleep all night. It is the best sleep medication I have ever taken."
"I remember this from when I was a child. I suffered from eczema, very severely in the scalp and on my arms. No shampoo helped, until an old beautician told my mom about it. It was wonderful and I only used this for years. I&#039;ve grown out of my eczema, so as an adult I&#039;d forgotten it until 2000 when I went natural. My scalp still hates shampoo, and I never use it. One day I really wanted to wash my hair but I was out of both acv, and kaolin. I didn&#039;t really feel like bothering with it and wished I cld just &quot;buy&quot; some darn shampoo and be done. Aha!! I remembered the name of this shampoo from my youth and actually found that they still make it; AND sell it! I cldn&#039;t believe it! It still works. My scalp thanks the lovely makers of Sebulex shampoo."
"I have been using pennsaid topical for a week now on my neck (Facets in my cervical 2-7are narrowing and pinching nerves) ... Great results... Not having any pain.. It is calming down the nerves!!! What a relief!! The only side effect is a slight burning for about the first five minutes after applying... But then it subsides! This is a God send for me!!!"
"Been using Jublia for 10 months. Was getting detachment of the nail on the big toe and Doctor said 8 of the 10 toes had some stage of infection.  Now just have a spot on one toenail  with clear growth halfway up the nail.  I used it as instructed and I&#039;m one of the fortunate ones - I am nearly clear if the toenail fungus now.  Will keep it that way by never getting a pedicure ever again."
"I was sceptical at first but I am very glad I tried it for my back pain. Soma provides much better relief than NSAIDs or narcotics AND without their nasty side effects."
"This medication is just making everything worse: Stomache, severe abdominal pain like I never felt before it&#039;s horrible, I can&#039;t eat or drink, vision lost and the list goes on and on. I am on day 7 and I am in the hospital because of these symptoms!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Linzess for almost a year now. I didn&#039;t have the major side effects that I was told I would get within the first week, but I have been impressed with the results I am getting. I am still not 100% regular and on occasion take miralax and milk of magnesia if I don&#039;t go for 2-3 days, but that is better than only going once a week for 20  years. It isn&#039;t the cheapest medication but it doesn&#039;t break the bank for me either. I would rather pay my monthly rate than have a major surgery due to chronic constipation.."
"Started on Jan16th 2017 and today is Feb 8th 2017 so far I&#039;ve lost 11 pounds but I have skipped days which is about once a week and on my period days. Start weight was 200 and today I weigh 189. I workout out at least twice a week based on my busy schedule. The pill works great on my appetite and keeps me drinking water a gallon a day. I barely consume enough calories usually about 500 to 800 a day and I&#039;ve noticed on my cheat days I end up losing more the next day. I need more motivation to get to my goal weight. Wish me luck ! 25 year old female 5&#039;2"
"Breakthrough bleeding all month for almost two years, extreme irritability, to the point that I came here to read others&#039; moods when on this drug.  Also, the PMS symptoms last all month long.  I am only level headed when it&#039;s the week off. No sex drive, bloating, cramping, nausea, fatigue and really greasy hair. I am going to ask for a new pill. I tried to stay on this pill, but, it&#039;s bad in every way."
"When I took this it was very painful. The shots messed up my muscles and my condition got so much worse after the 6 month period. I had to get surgery and lost my first organ. I&#039;m not saying don&#039;t try it for endo but be wary when you do. You&#039;re supposed to have more intense symptoms in the first part but it is supposed to get better. Mine did not, it only got worse."
"I started taking this medication about 3 years ago for Depression/Social Anxiety. I will say for depression this drug worked wonders, not so much anxiety though. However, recently I&#039;ve decided to try for the 3rd time to stop taking it. The withdrawal you get from Effexor is the worst feeling."
"I started Qsymia in mid-December at 309 pounds and have lost a total of 30 pounds so far. I am now on the 7.5 mg dosage and it&#039;s working great!  Personally, I&#039;ve never experienced any of the side effects that some have, other than maybe a slight headache the first day or two when first starting the medication, and again when upping the dose.  It&#039;s been a life-changer for me!  On Qsymia, I can eat normally.  I no longer have the cravings in between meals and especially for sweets.  I can actually pass up cake and donuts!  It&#039;s true that you&#039;ll no longer like the taste of soda - diet or regular.  I drink only water now, with an occasional tea.  I count my calories and eat normal meals.  I just stop eating now when I&#039;m full."
"I&#039;ve been on lryica for a month now. 150 mg 2x a day.  It works wonders for the awful muscle spasms and fibromyalgia pain but I do have side effects. I have to do every thing from chores to running errands before I take it. Once I take I become unbalanced, forget words and become extremely tired. I sleep a lot and very heavy and usually can&#039;t remember the previous day. I definitely cannot function after I take it. I don&#039;t care for the side effects but so far has been the only thing that has worked for me. I tried cymbalta, neurton, zanaflex, flexeral lots of things. To me its worth taking the lryica as those terrible rib and back spasms keep at bay..and after two years of dealing with those I don&#039;t ever want to again. btw does kill my appetite."
"Constipation was causing pain and I could not relieve myself. I never take anything for this. I took 2 pills about an hour ago and have already had a bearable bowel movement. Great relief. Worked quickly. Hoping no cramps, pain or irritable bowel to come over the next few hours. So far, so good. I will use again if needed. By the way I drank plenty of water, so that may have helped me avoid the cramping. "
"Due to the blood pressure medicines I take, I cannot tolerate Viagra or Cialis. I tried my 1st MUSE (500mg) a few days ago.  Since it was my 1st dose, my wife and I about missed the window.  I don&#039;t believe the 500mg will be enough in the future.  I suspect I&#039;ll need the 1000mg.  The erection wasn&#039;t quite as firm as the Viagra and Cialis.  But because it had little or no side effect with respect to my blood pressure, it will be a winner for us."
"I liked the implant at first but the side effects are not worth it! I am a pretty happy person but this has made me depressed, exhausted and made me gain weight. I have crazy mood swings and it gets a 100 times worse during my irregular cycle. My last cycle I could barely get myself out of bed and cry most days. It&#039;s putting a strain on my relationship. I&#039;m getting it removed as soon as possible. I miss my normal, happy self."
"I got this on Tuesday, took it out Friday! I have never been so sick on birth control ever. I was sluggish barely able to walk, dizzy, nausea was my best friend like seriously. Three days! "
"I used Monistat 7 for the first time tonight, and the itching and burning were so severe that I had to get up and shower within 15 minutes. I will not continue with this medication. I am going to call my doctor tomorrow for an appointment to get diflucan."
"Been taking oxybutynin 20 mg for over 20 years. Used to go pee every 20 minutes, now it&#039;s approx. 2 hours. The dry mouth is tolerable....use Biotene mouth spray or chew gum."
"My daughter is 7 years old and was found to have ADHD when she was 6 years old. To my dismay we found out too late and she had to repeat the first grade over. Now she has been on Adderall for almost a year and is a straight A student with good conduct. She has made a complete turn around from an uncontrollable child with compulsive behavior and a severe attention deficit problem to being a model student who loves school and is proud of who she is now and all the accomplishments she has made. We are so proud of her and how far our little girl has come. Straight A&#039;s we never thought it would happen. We knew she was very intelligent, but she needed help showing everyone. Now she can do it all."
"I switched to this medicine (from Camrese) mainly suffering from a very decreased sex drive and heavy periods, with very dismal mood swings.  This medicine fixed all of that (yay!).  Additionally, periods are very light, lasting about 2 days.  I have not had any additional problems with weight, acne, etc.  I would highly recommend giving this a shot if you are having problems with other, heavier dose meds!"
"This stuff is really a Miracle Pill. It works fast relieving my cramps within 10 to 15 minutes! I can drink coffee again! The only problem I have with it is the headache I get afterwards. It makes me drowsy, but for the most part, I can still function."
"I have been on this birth control for 3 months now. At first I didn&#039;t really notice anything, but recently I have realized that I have gained a couple pounds, even though I work out 5 times a week and eat relatively healthy. The worst part is my mood- I&#039;ll be happy-go-lucky one second, then become a psycho emotional wreck the next. I flip out about EVERYTHING and get really upset; I used to be very mellow and laid back. However, it has really cleared up my skin and my period is regular now."
"After having my gallbladder removed 2 years ago I have been battling IBS-D.  I have been on Welchol for about 2 years and it&#039;s ok, not great but ok. I was taking 1 a day but I think it needs to be upped to 2. My doctor gave me Viberzi to try, I put it off for a while then finally took it. Days 1-2 were great. Days 3- 4 went down hill fast. by day 5 I was staying within 5 feet of the bathroom. I didn&#039;t realize one of the side effects was dizziness (since I have vertigo I figured my allergies were acting up), weakness &amp; major gas. I had to stop taking it so I could actually go to work. I think I&#039;ll buy stock in Immodium. I am very disappointed this didn&#039;t work, so many people worse off then I am did well on it. It&#039;s so frustrating."
"I will agree this treatment is hard, but don&#039;t be put off. The first time I did my course of 2 tablets in morning and 2 at night followed by weekly injection it was hard, but no harder than the heroin habit I had was. The virus cleared up after 20 weeks,which they shouldn&#039;t have told me, as I stopped taking the treatment but didn&#039;t tell my doctor (I told you its not easy). Sadly the virus returned as I had not got rid of it, it was just undetectable in the count per mill of blood and came back. I am now into my 2nd treatment after a 3year rest. This time I&#039;m sticking it out. I am from UK Under Bradford NHS and love the staff there for all their help...."
"I was just diagnosed with IIH/PTC last week.  My neuro started me on Diamox the same day.  Although I have had tingling in my hands and feet as well as lethargy, the pressure behind my eyes has already started to go down.  My ophthalmologist was very pleased today with the optic nerve scan and said there has been decrease of pressure in both eyes.  A little tingle here or there and a bit of sleepiness is worth saving my vision!  So far, I&#039;m a happy girl!"
"Right before bed I felt the tingle and saw the tiny hint of a cold sore. Not new to this, and knowing I couldn&#039;t get prescription meds until the next day, I sent my husband to the store to get Abeva. I applied it that night and in the morning and again mid morning. I went to the doctor in the afternoon to get a prescription medication. Before I got home from the pharmacy I had a HUGE cold sore. I took the meds and continued the Abreva. The cold sore continued to grow in size and is hideous. I stopped the Abreva and am using Petroleum on the lip with the medication. It&#039;s slowly getting better now. I&#039;ll never use Abreva ever again."
"My previous birth control worked wonderfully, beautiful skin and I did not get pregnant. However, my PMS became  difficult to deal with, headaches, nausea, and fatigue. My doctor suggested I try LoSeasonique to avoid the PMS. I must say I was very scared because of all the negative reviews I found on the internet. I am happy to say it has been eights weeks and I am symptom free, no spotting, and best of all no PMS. One important thing I do is to stick to my 10 pm schedule everyday. I noticed they stressed this in the pamphlet, which made me concerned things might go wrong if I did not follow. Overall I am very pleased especially since I have not taken any pain killers the entire time. Hope this helps."
"It is a good medicine to treat certain mental conditions."
"If I could give this medicine a 0/10 I would! It made me breakout when my skin had been close perfect, it caused me to be sick and have bowel problems. It made my pcos worse! I had mood swings and it killed my sex drive. A weird thing was it made my taste buds swell too, that was the worst thing!"
"I&#039;ve had it in for about 2.5 years.  My menstrual cycle had been like 6 months on 6 months off.  In every other way it&#039;s great. When it&#039;s on I bleed super heavy."
"I am a 51 yr old male with cervical  degenerative disc disease. I&#039;ve been on 10 mg Norco for approximately 3.5 years but recently my Doctor changed me to 7.5 mg Percocet because I&#039;ve become tolerant to the Norco. My pain level hovers around 4 or 5 constantly but the Percocet allows me to maintain. Thanks for this medicine."
"I&#039;ve had zero nausea, but zero sex drive and I have a hard time concentrating at work. I&#039;ve been taking 20 mg for about 6 weeks. I take it at bedtime. I have been very sluggish and have gained about 10 pounds. I also have terrible gas so I have to take gas pills daily.  It has helped with my depression, but my job is suffering because I cannot concentrate at all. I&#039;m thinking of asking my doctor to change my med because I will get fired soon if I keep this up! I no longer want to kill myself, but soon I will be obese, unemployed and sleepy. Then I will be more depressed..."
"I took Lo Loestrin for 3mo, with horrible side effects the entire time! My Dr. wanted me to stick it out for 3 months before switching to give my body time to get used to it. It was the worst 3mo of my life. I was nauseous CONSTANTLY especially with physical exercise. I would have to sit down from walking because I would get to dizzy/ nauseous from it. I started the pills on Day 1 of my period and then bled the ENTIRE 3MO! Not just spotting either. The only time it was spotting was for the 7 days when I was supposed to get my period each month, the rest of the time was HORRIBLE heavy bleeding. The worst part though was the anxiety and depression. I cried every every single day. Couldn&#039;t get out of bed, and had anxiety attacks. Ended up switching pills."
"Worked well, but I got low blood sugar a few times"
"I LOVE Epiduo! I clears my skin up and makes my skin so beautiful. I&#039;m in love with my face and I&#039;m not self conscious anymore! I have a few small zits occasionally but they aren&#039;t noticeable to anyone but myself. So in love with Epiduo."
"taking 62 units, used to use lantus with no problem, have had major problem last month or so with pounding heart, and rapid pulse. Heart problem comes any time during the day, and is getting increasingly more of a constant...going to go back to Lantus, and that is too bad, but can not deal with side effects."
"While this medicine helped, and really did snuff out the symptoms associated with my trauma disorder. It also had so many side effects. Taking it would put me into a sleepy sort of fog, and felt very out of it. We then tried Minipress, and have had much more success with that. I now use Abilify as an emergency medicine. It acts as a great last resort to stop all of the overly emotional symptoms associated with an attack/flash back, and helps put you back in a better place, even if it gets a bit foggy.  I haven&#039;t used it for a couple weeks now, but I haven&#039;t also worked on the trauma issues for a while as well. I&#039;d give it a 10 for rare emergency use, and a 5 for day to day use due to its side effects, thus the 7"
"After several preventative and rescue meds failed, my headache specialist prescribed methergine. This medication has saved my life. I suffer from chronic migraine with aura and chronic cluster headaches. They were daily and it got to the point that I was thinking of ending things because the pain was so intense. I took this medication for 14 months and they&#039;ve been the greatest 14 months of my life. My migraines started when I was 8 years old, I&#039;m 27 now and didn&#039;t seem treatment until I was 20. My new doctor is taking me off the methergine because she worries about the risk of fibrosis. I&#039;m terrified to stop taking it. This is truly the greatest medication and I suggest it to every chronic migraine sufferer I meet."
"I first started the Depo Provera shot on the first day of my period like Doctor had recommended and told me.... My period lasted for 3 weeks then I didn&#039;t have a period for a week. After that I literally only had a week break from each of my period. They were not lighter nor were they less painful they have actually been more painful. Come time for me to get my second shot I spoke with my doctor about these issues they said it usually goes away in the second shot so I took the second one I&#039;ve literally been on my period for the past 6 months I thought it stopped for a minute but it was only for about 8 hours and it came back with vengeance. It has made me break out painfully all over my body each month when a normal peroid would happen..."
"I tried many medications and many combinations with little or no effect.  As a last effort, I turned to the internet and stumbled across some positive info about Nardil.  It took awhile to even find a doctor that would prescribe it.  I have now been on 90 mgs for around four or five years and it works very well with few unwanted side effects.  I take it in combination with 20mgs of Zyprexa for a very severe form of generalized anxiety that I have."
"Plan B One Step really works. I know you&#039;re probably nervous and worrying about the effectiveness, but I just want to tell you to relax. Let me just tell you my story, I had sex February 4th and the condom broke. So me and my boyfriend drove to the pharmacy and purchased the Plan B One Step. I took it, so it was about 20-30 mins after the incident happened that I took the pill. I began to feel one symptom about 1 hr later, I was extremely tired, and had little energy. It lasted for 2 days then wore off. So I was expecting my period about a month away so I went crazy. I missed one period and finally got my one 12 days after my missed period. So Plan B actually works."
"Had a ingrown toenail infection. Was given 500mg keflex taken 4 times a day for 7 days.
It is working and I have no pain in my toe. However... so far I&#039;ve had diarrhea, stomach pain, extreme tiredness and weakness, dizzy spells, yellow skin, loss of appetite, nauseous, red scratchy eyes. So most of the usual stuff. The long and short of it is my toe will be healed as long as I can deal with the side effects for a few more days."
"I&#039;ve been on Accutane for almost 4 months now. My skin is getting better everyday and I&#039;m really happy with the physical results. However, Accutane began to give me depression during the first week and it has stuck with me since. Although the side effect has not gotten worse (and won&#039;t, I&#039;ve asked my dermatologist). It&#039;s definitely not good and I&#039;ve read that it won&#039;t go away until a few months after I have finished my course. NOTE: I had already suffered depression before beginning the course &amp; it is hereditary in my family."
"Annoyed when they first gave me this but appears to be working well. Runs out fast though and dries out the skin a lot."
"I love this medicine! I have never experienced break through bleeding and have been on it for a year and a half now.  I had tried everything before this, generic birth control (made me emotionally crazy), the Nuvaring (could never remember to put it back in and it bothered him), Mirena (the wire bothered him) -- finally found this after all that and it&#039;s all about me -- NO PERIODS!  NO CRAMPING.  NO MESS.  Life, normal... everyday."
"Originally prescribed Provigil for sleep apnea, or at least that is what my doctors said so that my insurance would pay for it, however my sleep study was done a long time ago when I weighed more and insurance has recently stopped paying. I actually take the medication due to 2 previous head injuries. I have been on the medication for about 4-5 years. During that time I have returned to work and school to pursue a nursing degree. Off of the Provigil I have to take a nap every day, begin to forget things, and fail my classes at school. I have had to make many lifestyle changes since my accidents and taking Provigil really helps me. I am a single mom of 2 teenagers and just want close to normal life as possible."
"I&#039;m 58 and recently started on this medicine. Almost immediate relief of vulvar dryness and pain. Not sure yet if the painful intercourse will be relieved but this looks optimistic to me after many months of intense pain. Medicine does not seem gooey or even noticeable when used. Really like it so far."
"been taking Nplate for 4  years 
I take N Plate weekly . No side affects . Been keeping my count above 50 most of the time higher 
count is over 100,000"
"I took the pill twice. I didn&#039;t have any symptoms with it. The first time my period was 4 days late. And the second time I missed it for a whole month! I was totally freaking out thinking I was pregnant.  I took 2 pregnancy test, they were negative. And surely the following month my period was back in track."
"I didn&#039;t give it a 10 as I have only been on it a week now, just started doubling up. But my appetite and cravings went away as soon as I started the medicine. I do have constipation, but I eventually go. Hoping it wares off, no headaches or nausea. Day 2 of doubling up and I just feel as I did when I took 1 , just the effect of my suppressed appetite just lasts longer. Which is great bc I don&#039;t snack at night anymore which was a huge thing for me. I haven&#039;t weighed myself, I&#039;m going to wait after the 1st month until I see me
Dr again. I like this combo of meds because I do feel happier from the buprorion and my appetite is suppressed and cravings for sweets are no longer there. It&#039;s crazy how the receptors in your mind can change like that."
"I have had the Mirena now for 3 years.  The insertion was painful but after an hour I felt fine other than mild cramping. I spotted a day or so after insertion. I ended up only having 4 light periods after that each month and then haven&#039;t had a period ever since.  However, the bloating and headaches still come at the same time every month.  It is great to not have a period. Mine used to be very heavy that always lasted the 7 days.  I have noticed recently though that my back pain is something that doesn&#039;t seem to go away after the false cycle ends. Other than this, my experience has been great."
"No side effects. Long lasting (about 1 year), and was even effective for filling in my jaw line."
"I got the Implanon in August of 2008. I was a emotional wreck for the first 2-3 months; very intense mood swings.  Since I have been on it I have gained close to 40 lbs. in the past 2 1/2 years; although some of it can be from quitting smoking.  Periods were not an issue for the first year, but that is because the hormones from my Depo were still active.  Starting my 2nd year on Implanon I bled for 7 months straight.  My doctor put me on a month of LoEsterin Pills; this helped for a few months.  Now I have very spotty bleeding, no menstrual control at all.  I will be researching other methods of birth control, hopefully I find something that I am not affected by so many of the side effects."
"Lifesaver! Had been on a bunch of others that did next to nothing and the side effects were awful. Within a couple weeks of started Edarbyclor 40/12.5 I was down to 125/85 from 165/95. I also found a pharmacy where they are able to sell it to me for $10/month with their discount card!"
"I ended up going to the ER because of a several day migraine, and was given this plus Benadryl and a steroid. I&#039;ve been to the ER once before for a week-long migraine and the nurse asked what I was given. I told them the last time I was given something that made me shiver and shake uncontrollably for 20-30 minutes. He said that&#039;s the Reglan, but at this particular hospital they like to put it through the IV as a drip slowly;  Not fast as pushing it through a syringe into the patient&#039;s system can cause the reaction I had before. I did not shake or shiver like before, with the cocktail of meds I became very sleepy and my muscles felt loose, and dozed for a little while. Much better reaction than before!!!"
"From the get go it was not good. Yes the doctors gave me the informational pamphlet and yes they listed the possible side effects, but even after reading many many reviews of mirena that stated how bad the thing messed with some people&#039;s hormones I thought... no not me. I should be fine, plus the doctor assured me I would probably be period free and most women go symptom free. Birth control that i&#039;ve used in the past never affected me much, but mirena was no bueno for me. Weight gain, terrible sluggishness, acne like a mother and continuous bleeding. I seriously felt depressed absolutely zero motivation to work out or do active things like I normally do. I got it removed right away."
"I have taken Belviq for two weeks only lost 2 pounds. belviq has no effect on me I cut grass to help make extra money on the side. That&#039;s the only time I see any weight lost. I was doing that before belviq this medicine has slow me down makes me tired. I execise less with belviq. I cant believe they want 200 hundred dollars for these pill not worth it. all diets if you exercise and eat right work with out the pills. Belviq don&#039;t even curb my appetite. Very disappointing. the chest and body pain are scary."
"I love Micronor. I have been on it for 2 years, and I&#039;m about to get off it cause I want kids. For the first 3 months, I had some side effects ( tender breast, bloating, cramping, breakthrough bleeding) But after those 3 months, it was PER-FECT! No symptoms, no mood swings ( unless PMS), and sometimes, I would just not have my period, which was fun on summertime. I had tried Alesse, Yaz, Nuvaring, all of them giving me the worst headaches and weightgain. On Micronor, no weight gain, I was dieting so I managed to go from 130 to 115 pounds in two years on that pill. :)"
"Anyone that typed a good review for this product was paid by the company.  I have now tried this product twice and I can now say that it DOES NOT WORK.  It actually has side effects that are not listed:  coughing, irritability, MORE drainage, completely stopped up nostril.  Use at your own risk.  Don&#039;t say I didn&#039;t warn you."
"Hey everyone. Okay, so like all of you guys (probably) I have not stopped looking up symptoms and a bunch of other stuff on google. I had sex for the first time on the 10th of August which was the last day of my period and a bunch of other times in that week. All were with a condom but on one instance I heard a pop, he said it didn&#039;t break but i wanted to be safe. I took the pill 2 days after (a week after my first time). I felt nothing until a week later when my boobs started to hurt, and my back too. I thought i was pregnant.. then a week later after stress stress stress I got my period. Please stop worrying everybody. I know its scary. trust me. But getting in your own head makes it worse! relax. this works. just calm down!"
"Keeps my blood pressure down but for me, the best benefit is it has helped with my bowels. Every other medication I&#039;ve had is constipating. This has normalized me."
"I first had Nexplanon implanted in April 2015 because of my heavy and painful cramping. I was told that it would be normal for the first 2 or 3 months to spot or bleed, as it was my body becoming used to it. I stuck it out for the first few months and then asked my doctor why I kept bleeding. She told me for some people it may take up to 6 months. I stuck it out until that 6th month and figured that it might just take a little longer than most people. However, I never stopped bleeding. I always had to wear panty liners or light pads. It was never just spotting either; sometimes the bleeding would get so bad it would be like a period. After a year, I got it taken out in May 2016. It&#039;s been over a year since and my cycle varies drastically."
"I got it about a month ago and it was quick and painless. The doctor said I have tough skin. It made a small bruise and a little sore. Be careful - use that arm very little like the 1st day or so. If you pull a muscle around that area or move it the wrong way it hurts. I have no periods - I spotted the day I got it and at 1st I was moody but it&#039;s great now. I recommend it to everybody."
"I started having trouble about 1 month after i finished my prescription. I have severe joint pain from my hips down. I was a very active person, walking 6-7 miles a day, now i barely get 2 because my feet &amp; knees hurt so bad."
"This medicine is a Godsend. I suffer from SEVERE motion sickness (cars, planes, boats, trains, etc...) Bonine/Dramamine don&#039;t work for me at all. I tried the Scop patch and I couldn&#039;t believe it, no motion sickness! I was able to make it being a passenger in the car going down the entire pacific coast highway without even feeling slight nausea. If you know what that road is like, you know how crazy that road is for someone with motion sickness. Side effects were light, slight dry mouth, slight dilated pupils, not much drowsiness. Only negative is the withdrawal I had after using 3 patches one after the other, but that was easily controlled with Dramamine. A    "
"I have the same problems as many of the other reviewers. My medication was changed from Avaine to Lutera to Orsythia. I had no problems with Avaine or Lutera but I&#039;ve been on Orsythia for about a week and I&#039;m experiencing horrible side effects. I&#039;ve had headaches, moodiness, and cramps. It feels exactly like I&#039;m PMSing and according to other reviewers, I just might be. I&#039;m glad I came here so I can be prepared for a possible mid cycle period."
"This medication completely stopped all of the pain I experienced, to the point that I had to do a body check each night to see if I had hurt myself during the day.  However, within 2 months of starting this medication (a VERY low dose), I was suicidal, and had to be taken off of it at 2 1/2 months.  If it weren&#039;t for the side effects, I would give this medication a 10.  Due to the side effects (horrendous, in my opinion), I&#039;ve given it a 1."
"I realized it&#039;s been about 6 days since my last bowel motion.  I took this around 1:00 pm today so I wouldn&#039;t have to lose any sleep or deal with it tomorrow at work.  I took it with a swig of water and about 45 minutes later started reading these reviews.  Immediately, I started drinking water and got about 40 ounces down within an hour or so.  I started getting very gassy with very mild cramps around 4:00.  Between 5 and 6pm I passed some soft stool a few times, but knew it wasn&#039;t the end based on how long I had went without a bowel motion.  I had a bowl of cereal around 8:00 and by 8:30 I was passing pretty frequently.  I only had extremely mild cramps and a couple hot flashes.  Be sure to drink your water."
"I used to get a shot of this for my psoriasis, and it did clear up everything in less than a week, However I found that the lesions returned within a few months (3). I was advised to not get the kenalog shots more than twice a year because I have a slightly higher enzyme count in my liver."
"I always had perfect skin as a teen until I hit about 24 then it went down hill. Nothing worked, most topical treatments made it worse, Proactive made it worse than worse, Murade and others as well. Nothing worked. Sooo I researched spiro and found my symptoms and timing etc. fit others my age, 37 that dealt with it late in life. I asked my Dermatologist about it and she gave it to me along with a topical gel. I have only been on it about 1 week but I can see the difference already. My skin is evening out, the large pores seem smaller and the hard bumps are nearly gone. I have not had one break out and even my back is much clearer. It is amazing. I don&#039;t pee too much more but I do find I get out of breath easily. Seems to be working on my skin"
"Been on for a month and totally love it. Skin is clear, no weight changes, and actually my mood is a little better overall."
"At first I didn&#039;t have any side effects but the longer I have taken this medication I have been experiencing headaches. I never used to get headaches before and I have had bloating in my abdominal area.  "
"5 weeks on harvoni and virus is undetectable.  Had hep c for 27 years and minimal scarring. No side effects yet have 3 more weeks of treatmeant"
"I had my insertion May, 2011. I have 2 son&#039;s and don&#039;t want anymore and neither does my husband. It was a little painful think it was mostly in my head but I took Advil and was fine. Had it done on my lunch hour and went right back to work. I continued to bleed for about a week after that but I expected that. It is now February and I still bleed very lightly every month waiting for that no period but it hasn&#039;t happened yet but it&#039;s so light I&#039;m okay with that. I haven&#039;t gained any weight and no acne and no cramps. I would recommend this and have recommended this to everyone I know because I love it."
"I have tried Amerge, Maxalt, Imitrex, Zomig, Frova and Axert. I liked Amerge but I tended to use 2 pills. Imitrex ALWAYS made me sicker before it helped me. Zomig and Frova took away some of the pain and left the nausea. Maxalt made me so loopy I could hardly think and Maxalt Mlt wasn&#039;t as bad but made me so tired I couldn&#039;t function at work.  Axert was good but insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it but I liked Relpax better because one pill nearly always killed it. In 3 years I have taken 2 pills only twice. 

Cons of Relpax:
Expensive and will not go generic soon. Pre-packaged 6 pills to box (ask Pharmacist to put Rx in bottle with label)

Pros:
Low Nausea
One pill takes away episode
Pfizer has $15 off Rx program
Doctor will often give samples"
"Started Lo Lo Estrin Fe 30 days ago as a method of BC due to a trip I&#039;m taking to visit my boyfriend overseas coming up a month from now. Seeing as condoms irritate my body so much &amp; completely dry me out, a BC pill seemed like a great option until I can come home &amp; get the non-hormonal IUD. The break through bleeding on Lo Lo has legitimately been non-stop since about 3 days into the 1st pack; not the extreme period blood I would normally get, but upon wiping when I pee, the paper is always has some sort of dried blood on it. This continued right up until my placebo pills which I just started taking. Cramps all month, irritable as can be, feel a little bit more bloated than normal, but haven&#039;t weighed myself."
"I have had my battles with the inability to stay asleep of 10 or 12 years.  Go to sleep just fine but wake up at the 5 hour interval and cannot get back to sleep.  I would get very tired during the day - it was terrible.  I heard of this at Costco and started taking 1/2 tab per night.  Bang!  8 hours of great sleep!!!  I don&#039;t have drowsiness and feel like I used to.  It doesn&#039;t know me out - I can wake up to go to the bathroom. ( I am over 55 and a guy) but I go right back to sleep.  Love this stuff.  I hope it&#039;s not bad for ya because I need  good sleep."
"The 1st application of Xelogel burned so badly I couldn&#039;t help making pain-filled noises. What I really wanted to do was scream. I wish my Dr. had warned me. But my rash improved and each day it hurt less to apply the gel. It was amazing to see how quickly the rash disappeared."
"I recently had the implant put in and would like to share my first thoughts; I plan to do an update in 3-6 months. The initial pain of having the implant inserted was mild - I would rate it even less painful than a shot. Your arm will be sore for a few days and there will be bruising, but nothing to get excited about. It has now been 2 weeks and I can&#039;t even tell that it is there except when I feel for the implant on purpose. My doctor warned of immediate and persistent bleeding/spotting, but I haven&#039;t experienced that so far. I&#039;ve been losing weight for the past few months (on purpose) and haven&#039;t noticed a difference since the implant. No major issues with acne. Everybody is different, but don&#039;t let the negative reviews scare you!"
"*update from spookyblack* I forgot to mention the terrible nightmares I have been having they are really messed up,  and break through bleeding. This pill has made me super tired, depressed, and have gnarly mood swings. I have been eating a lot and have gained a lot of weight. Great just in time for summer right? I have felt the worse about myself and looks ever since I started this pill. Please don&#039;t do this to yourself and not to mention the nasty acne I, and so many girls have experienced."
"This medication was horrible! I don&#039;t take medication to begin with but agreed with the doctor on this one because my nausea was so bad. I slept for 17 hours straight, when i finally woke up i was weak and hallucinating. On top of that I felt extremely depressed , negative and suicidal. Which is absolutely not like me, I am a very chipper happy person and I&#039;ve never suffered from depression or suicidal thoughts. I live a very healthy fulfilling life and for a medication to do that to someone should not be sold on the market. I really did not like this medication though it did take the nausea away the other symptoms that came with it were not worth it. If I could rate this medication with a negative number I would. Going to stick to myginger"
"Good."
"I can lead a normal life-thanks to suboxone!"
"I dreaded so did not have a colonoscopy until I had to. The doctor saw my trepidation so gave me Supra to take, since you would be able to drink less. He told me the prep would be, as I have heard, terrible but the procedure was easy.  I did not read anything on line about Supra, as I didn&#039;t want to &quot;scare&quot; myself. But maybe I should have. The first bottle tasted awful but I got it down, and drank the required water within the hour. The second bottle was vile, had a huge problem getting it down. Now I wish I had seen the hints with mixing it with Crystal Light, or having a lemon handy. Funny, others said the second bottle was worse also. Never would have been able to drink the double dose. Procedure easier than prep as dr. said."
"54 year old male with very mild erectile dysfunction, probably just performance anxiety if I&#039;m honest, and some benign prostate hyperplasia.  Otherwise fit and healthy and trying to age gracefully.  Been taking Cialis 5mg for 3 weeks now and it has been amazing.  Felt like I was 24 and could get hard just catching the wife&#039;s eye or thinking about sex. Lots of spontaneous erections and absolutely no side effects whatsoever.  My urinary symptoms have also improved although more slowly.  As I was turning into something of a sex pest I have been cutting down the frequency to one tab every second day with no apparent loss of potency although the urinary improvements have sort of slowed down.  For my next pack I may try Day 1 morning, Day 2 evening, Day 3 skip, Day 4 as Day 1, etc. and monitor."
"I took this for 2 years and got a light wallet and lung cancer."
"I was diagnosed with actinic keratosis in August and then decided to apply the Efudex cream to face in the middle of September. 
I thought that I only had a couple of spots which I was concerned about but after applying the cream to my forehead, temples, cheeks, nose, around the eyes and my ears it became quite apparent that there were a vast amount of areas that had been affected.
In the First week I saw that these areas became inflamed although not painful.
In the  second week these areas started to merge together and then look like blisters and sores on my face, especially below my eyes.
In the third week these started to scab a little and became a bit painful I think due to the skin feeling very dry. I am now in my fourth and final week"
"I found that my trip was overruled by the dizziness, vertigo, insomnia, lack of appetite, and general feeling of unwellness this medication caused.  I quit taking it on day 5, in order to be fully aware of myself and surroundings for the remainder of my trip."
"I was prescribed this medication in the hospital after suffering severe anxiety attacks. I was only given a couple to get me through until I see my doctor but I found out the doctors are unwilling to give you this medication. I have anxiety attacks everyday but this medication makes me stay calm so I don&#039;t suffer from these awful anxiety attacks. I feel relief and that I can go on."
"Had been struggling for about a week to go regularly so I decided to try something new. I took 3 pills  @10pm  with a 16oz bottle of water and woke up @3am with horrible cramping that lasted about 3hrs but  overall it got the job done. I would definitely recommend this just not the dosage I would start with one....good luck"
"Stelara&#039;s been a great for me. I&#039;m 64, have had Crohn&#039;s for 50 years and undiagnosed for 20 years until my mid-30&#039;s. I&#039;m now in the best shape I&#039;ve been in decades--no cramping pain for 3 years since starting injections. Been biking 30 miles a week, playing flag football and basketball, working with weights and a trainer 3x weekly. No side effects--yay!"
"I take 5mg prior to sexual activity. This dosage produces strong and lasting erections. Mild side-effects are tolerable (blushing sensation, mild stomach upset). Great product."
"I have been taking Paroxetine for hot flushes which were debilitating at work, I didn&#039;t sleep always throwing the covers off/on.  It has also helped with my anxiety and panic attacks at work, and mood swings at home that were affecting my marriage, initially i did feel dizzy and had no appetite, it has been 2 months now and I feel so much better on the medication i have also lost 5 kilos due to loss of appetite, very happy,"
"Prescribed for me in ER when I was there for nausea and vertigo from Irritable Bowel Syndrome...probably the ONLY medicine I ever took that worked immediately and did just what it advertised...truly effective medicine!"
"I was given Ondansetron because I suffer from Hyperemesis gravidarum..(severe sickness in pregnancy) since 6 weeks pregnant I take this drug every morning after my morning sickness so the rest of the day am not vomiting out everything I eat. It does work but it makes me feel like a zombie too, feel unwell all the time!"
"Well I TOO am up right now, 3:07am. I thought it was my cough, which had a lot to do with it, but I was laying down causing the drip. Weird dreams, Yes. "
"I&#039;m on Protopic 0,1% for only two days, and it has helped a lot, i think, in a week of daily usage two times per day, my AD will be gone. It has made HUGE improvement already. Only First time made my skin abnormaly itchy, as well as burning sensation followed, but in my second day, these bad sensations has decreased a lot, only itches a bit. I really am excited about this medication, very grayeful to doctor who prescribed Protopic. I feel really happy at the moment, after years and years of depressed mood and damaged skin."
"I am not sure yet if it is coincident or not, but shortly after starting Cosentyx, I experienced extreme pain while urinating to the point of even passing blood.  I was taken off the medication for approximately 2 months for other medical issue including UTI and started seeing a slight improvement. (at this time we didn&#039;t consider that this could be a side effect) I was given the start up dose again because of the gap in treatment and by 3rd shot (start up dose) I was experiencing extreme pain again.    I have been taken off the medication again to see if the bladder pain will improve.   Not thinking what I am experiencing is worth taking the medication.  While on the medication I do not feel there was any improvement to the arthritis pain."
"This medicine has saved my life. Just praying that my liver enzymes are staying normal, don&#039;t know what would happen if I have to stop taking it."
"At my annual eye appointment my Dr. officially dx dry eye. I used Xiidra for a total of 5 weeks. It began providing relief to my dry eye symptoms within a week of applying 1 drop in each eye daily. It burned on initial use, but within 2 weeks the burning subsided. I did have blurry vision for about 15 minutes, burning, and a bad taste in my mouth. All of these symptoms did not seem that bad. But, I did have a serious reaction that I feel is caused by Xiidra.  Within four days I experienced a total vitreous detachment in one eye (floaters) and elevated eye pressures in both eyes. I&#039;m in my 40&#039;s and no history of glaucoma. After discontinuing Xiidra- my eye pressure returned to normal within 3 weeks and I&#039;ve learned to ignore the floaters."
"My original intent with Topamax was never weight loss, (mood) nor would have I ever believed the results I&#039;ve obtained 19 months later. Quick negatives-my mental agility decreased significantly, I misspell my own name; most food &amp; beverages taste like rubbish; and, the generic version is subpar. I was always overweight, I&#039;m mid-30s, male, &amp; slimmed from 275 to low 180s, size 42 to 32, XXL to L. It stays off! Still drop a few lbs. every month. However it&#039;s impossible for me to get off, I tried once and I went into a severe depression, but I&#039;m a healthy weight now with perfect blood pressure."
"I respond great to contrave.  I&#039;ve been on it 3 weeks and I&#039;ve lost 10 pounds.  I have reduced the number of calories I eat down to 2000 but sometimes I eat less and sometimes I eat more.  I am 5&#039;9 382 pounds.  I have stopped drinking soda as well so I&#039;m sure that helps.  I was on this medication before and lost 50 pounds but had to quit due to the cost and gained all the weight back.  Hopefully this time I will lose the weight and keep it off."
"This medicine (Xanax) works effectively and quickly to resolve anxiety and panic attacks.  However, I found that after I went on the antidepressant Pristiq, the Xanax made me fall asleep.  I had to switch off of the Xanax as it was too sedating.  At this point, I have another benzodiazepine that I can use if I have to but Pristiq has been keeping most of my panic attacks away.  "
"I have a 5 month old, did the deed with my bf on November 15, after a failed pull out attempt, I went and got the plan b pill, took it within 12 hours of doing the deed, sure enough (bfp) big fat positive test yesterday on November 27th. It was confirmed through urine test, blood test, and pelvic exam. That was the only time we&#039;ve done it since the birth of our daughter. It proved ineffective for me."
"I started Saxenda on the 6th of September  at 0.6mg and each week up by 0.6, in 3 weeks I have lost 4lbs which is disappointing (I know we all want a wonder cure!) My appetite  has definitely reduced, eating far less but then on other days really hungry. Side effects of dizziness seem to be my enemy along with peeing much less so definitely upping my water intake. Occasional bruising from the jabs but other than that not a lot :)

Not sure yet if I will get another pack - any tips for really losing the beef whilst on this? x"
"I really wanted to like this birth control. It cleared up my acne significantly and my period was light and around two days. Unfortunately about a month and I half into it I started itching like CRAZY. Anywhere I scratched little red bumps would come to the surface of my skin. I had no idea what was going on and thought I was allergic to my new deodorant and it took me about two weeks to decide to go to the doctor. She told me I was the second person to come in on the same BC with the same problems! She had me immediately stop taking it and the itching stopped within the next couple of days. Another note, this BC did make me extremely moody. So maybe it was for the best I was allergic to it!"
"During the month I took Cymbalta, it helped relieve my fatigue and may or may not have helped with some of my pain.  When I first started taking it, I felt completely drunk all the time, but these side effects got better after two weeks.  I was unable to sleep for more than three hours at a time and had a very hard time falling back to sleep, and this is why my doctor took me off of this medicine.  Although it helped with my fatigue, not getting enough sleep meant I was very tired.  I also experienced severe constipation (bleeding with every bowel movement, which was about once or twice every two weeks), my sex drive completely disappeared, and I constantly felt dizzy. "
"I haven&#039;t been on birth control for a few years but I have used two different brands and this has got to be the worst one I&#039;ve ever been on, I lasted all of two days.
I read the side effects and reviews but wanted to try it out for myself and I will have to agree with all the negative reviews on the pill. My side effects were really bad nausea, mood swings and severe anxiety. I would go from wanting to cry, punch someone or total sadness in a matter of minutes. I know your body has to adjust but going through just two days of what I went through I decided to stop taking it, I would say try at your own risk!"
"I&#039;ve been struggling with ibs-d for a couple years now tried a lot of different things went through round after round of testing all to come back negative. They tried me on the 75 mg viberzi due to me not having a gall bladder I&#039;ve been on it about 3 weeks. Everytime I would take it within a half hour I had what felt like horrible gall bladder attacks extremely weak, dizzy, and faint. I gave it another week thinking I needed to get used to it. My doctor now took me down to a one a day if the side effects go away I&#039;ll be taken off of it. I have mixed feelings the side effects are not worth it but it was something that finally gave me relief from running to the bathroom all the time."
"If I were to just review this drug from an anxiety/fear of social interaction standpoint, I would say that Lexapro is awesome. Lexapro has stopped me from having tremors every time someone talked to me out of the blue, and I do not mind being in the spotlight anymore during classes. For (group) presentations, I still feel physical symptoms and my tremor building up, but not nearly as much as I did without Lexapro. My biggest fear happens to be giving presentations and this is what I am taking it for primarily. I think if I were to do a standalone presentation, I would still have A LOT of difficulty focusing on the topic at hand but not because of anxiety. This drug makes it very hard for me to focus in school. Hope to go down to 5mg from 10"
"Hey y&#039;all it&#039;s me again. I finished using this product over Saturday night. No itching or burning or pain during the three days. (Well besides the slight itching the first night). An I feel a lot better down in that region. But now with it going on Tuesday tomorrow I&#039;m having a reddish/orange discharge/clumps almost to the same extent of a period but not quite it. Quite nervous about that but I saw on yahoo answers that it&#039;s normal depending on how bad the YI was. I can recommend this product to other people &amp; I say I believe it&#039;s worked. (I&#039;m not a doctor so I don&#039;t know for sure) Just make sure to take Tylenol before &amp; have ice cubes on standby because I know those can relieve symptoms others have reviewed having."
"Monsternessa. 

I was nauseated for the first two weeks of being on it. I&#039;ve had on and off headaches since I&#039;ve started and have been bloated for the past two months. My boyfriend says that I&#039;ve been extra sensitive and my sex drive is gone. The only time I felt normal is when I was on my period and not taking the active pills. It did make my period shorter (3Days).  

Unfortunately, Monsternessa is not for me. I gained 8lbs since I&#039;ve been on it and an emotional wreck. I can&#039;t wait to see my gyno next week and switch it up."
"Deplin has given me my life back. It has enabled me to gain control of my emotional roller coaster, my anger outbursts and become a more down to earth person who is now approachable - when before I wasn&#039;t. I was lucky, my therapist recommended me to be tested for MTHFR because I also have Factor V Leiden and MTHFR is found higher in those with Factor V (both are genetic disorders). After my results, she gave me Deplin and the next day I woke up a new person. My husband and family are amazed and I&#039;m now capable of being the wife and mother that I want to be. I am so happy - and so amazed. And I feel WHOLE again."
"Worked amazing for sleep for 5 of the 8 months I took it, and chronic insomnia, when left untreated, is a big trigger for my bipolar.  After the sleep side effect wore off &amp; it failed to do anything for a depressive episode (&amp; had not helped mixed mania episodes earlier), I discontinued it.  But those 5 months of sleep - they felt really natural, not drugged, easy to wake up from if you had to and go back to sleep, and no grogginess in the morning.  Side effects: slight pinky tremor at times, and it made me produce lots of alive - I would drool like a basset hound on my pillow at night.  If you go for this, ask your doc to prescribe the black cherry flavor - I did not find that to be too bad!"
"A couple of weeks after taking Vraylar I started noticing that (as having Bipolar 2) my moods weren&#039;t really changing. Finally, sometime near the third week, I started noticing that I was pacing, couldn&#039;t seem to concentrate on anything, and had a hard time simply sitting down. I realized that it was making me manic. I DO NOT AT ALL would want anyone else to take this if anyone notices these side effects. I am going to stop it immediately, I nearly had a breakdown. Could not stop crying. Also going to talk to my doctor about it, but I can&#039;t continue it. I wasn&#039;t even paying for it because I was taking a sampler, and my doctor was going to give me a voucher to see if my insurance would take it."
"This medicine really works. The only problem I occur was having a rash from eating Chinese food."
"Had zero effect except impotence. This drug is over rated."
"I have Crohns Disease and irritable bowel syndrome. I have been through a lot getting all this under control. I have been on Librax for about a week and the pain after eating has almost gone away completely. Although I&#039;m very tired and kind of out of it but I am hoping those side effects go away very soon."
"The only migraine medication that has worked for me is this one. Side effects for me personally: Increased urination (paler than usual), skin sensitivity (notice when getting into bath), &#039;floaty&#039; feeling and feeling a bit weaker than usual. Other than this the headache usually goes within an hour and a half or so.  For me it&#039;s worth the side effects. This could be coincidence but I&#039;m also mentioning here that I have started to suffer from tinnitus as my ears ring a lot more now (coincidence?) since taking this medication about 7 years ago. Just an observation, as this has never been listed as a side effect."
"ABSOLUTELY THRILLED.  I&#039;M AMAZED. 

I just turned 52-YO but have suffered from incontinence for the last few years and seem to go through 2 to 3 &quot;super-plus&quot; Poise or Tena each day, plus one at night.

I saw an ad on TV yesterday for Oxytrol and bought a 4-pack ($16.99) on my lunch hour and put one on about 1:15pm.

And while certainly NOT recommended for someone with my condition, my co-workers and I go out on Mondays for a few cocktails and I always make sure I have extra &#039;pads&#039; in my purse.

We&#039;re talking LESS THAN 5-HOURS and a few Miller Lites, I stayed totally dry and only leaked when I was just about to sit down on the toilet.  THAT IS A MIRACLE."
"First I would like to state that I&#039;ve read.  the comments &amp; reviews on zubsolv in this thread, and I have to say that I think the positive reviews are BS. I think the pharmaceutical company paid people to write the reviews. Zubsolv is horrible! 3 hours after taking my dose I go into full-blown withdrawal. I&#039;m in a long-term treatment center and everyone who has switch from suboxone to zubsolv mirrors what I&#039;m saying. No matter what is being said, the Buprenorphine in zubsolv is not the same as Suboxone. Zubsolv is great if you want to be in withdrawal all day. Thanks, but no thanks"
"This medicine works to get me to sleep and stay asleep. HOWEVER I quickly become dependent on it and cant get to sleep without it so I can&#039;t take it as needed. Also I noticed that I seem to need larger doses rapidly. My insomnia issues are generally manageable if I avoid caffeine and don&#039;t eat too close to bedtime."
"Been on this medicine for a long time. 10 years. It decreased my seizures a lot and my headaches. Also decreased my appetite and I&#039;ve lost weight which I have no problem with. Out of all seizure medicines I&#039;ve been on I highly suggest this one!"
"At 35 years old I thought i was over &#039;teenage acne&#039; and my recent issues were hormonal. Over the past few of years I&#039;ve used every face wash possible!
I go on holiday in 2 weeks and had the worst break out ever! I didn&#039;t want to go on holiday looking like a child&#039;s dot to dot book, so I visited my doctor who gave me this gel.
I&#039;ve used it for only 3 nights and the spots are already 5 times better than they were! The red blotches from previous spots are also pretty much vanished.
Yes its left my face dry and a bit tight, so make sure you use a good quality moisturiser once you&#039;ve washed the gel off your face in the morning. I&#039;d recommend reapplying moisturisturiser a couple of times through the day. Looking forward to seeing the full results!"
"Xanax has helped me so much for my depression and panic attacks. Even has helped a lot with my obsessive compulsive disorder. I don&#039;t have nearly as many compulsions since I&#039;ve started taking it."
"I am 28 year old female. I was prescribed 10 mg.  I read a lot of reviews on Celexa where people said they felt a difference the first week and was starting to get really disappointed when I felt no different in that time frame.  I have been on it for exactly 7 weeks now and am just now starting to notice a difference. My interests have returned, I have more energy, and I am able to focus.  Overall I am definitely happier and don&#039;t feel down in the dumps anymore.  The only side effect I had was it made me very tired in the beginning but that has gone away completely.  For me, Celexa is working!"
"I&#039;ve had paragard for a year now. Insertion was one terrible cramp, but otherwise fine. periods are definately longer, a full 7 to 8 days, and much heavier. But overall I really like it, especially since it&#039;s hormone free. The only thing that worries me is all the stories out there of the ladies who have gotten pg while having paragard!"
"Been taking this medication since last Mon,,,never ever felt so Ill in my whole life constant headache,,nausea,so lethargic,only two left to take,,I will never take these again,I have continued with them as Dr prescribed but yes uti has cleared,,,these tablets have severe side effects"
"I was prescribed Levaquin after suffering for 2 weeks with a severe cold and sinusitis. The Levaquin took care of the cold, but I got such severe tendonitis in my right ankle the day after stopping a 10-day course of it that I couldn&#039;t even touch my foot to the floor. It has improved by staying off my feet and icing - ice is really your friend here - but almost two months later I am still icing and wearing a brace, and now the pain has migrated up my leg. But the real problem is that I have breast cancer for the second time, and the doctors do not want to operate until my body is infection-free and inflammation-free. My son&#039;s way to ice is the best: ice the spot with a cube until it has completely melted."
"Have been afflicted with migraines for about 7 years now. Tried several medicines, including the prophylactics--with varying degrees of success and side effects. Relpax gives me my life back most of the time verses 3 day nightmare of pain. It does numb my face a little and make me woozy, but that&#039;s well worth it for me. It&#039;s so effective for my migraines, which definitely seem to be weather, and not food, etc., related."
"I&#039;m 21 and have been taking Lexapro for over 4 years and have seen good results and bad. I had a panic attack after taking Zoloft and was hospitalized after a few days and began taking Lexapro afterwards and have had a few episodes. The biggest thing I think that has affected me was going off for a few days because it messed my system up. I am on 200mg in the morning and 100mg at night. I&#039;m still struggling at times with public anxiety and depression, but still feel good after I take it. Next time I think I am going to ask for another medicine. For new users, I recommend it, but take it how you are prescribed and let your doctor know if its not working."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for nearly two years. It&#039;s incredible. No acne, no weight gain, regular periods, no migraines (related to it), no decrease in sex drive."
"I have been a smoker for 35 yrs tried cold turkey, patch, classes, nothing worked. Chantix is amazing. Yes I feel tired, trouble sleeping, but do not have the slightest taste for a cigarette. Now the amazing part 35 yrs heavy drinker, have not had a drink in 1 month. Just lost my taste for alcohol. THANKS CHANTIX."
"I&quot;ve taken both Singulair and Montekulast.  The first time I took Singular, several years ago, I had nightmares filled with horror.  I quit taking it.  I now take montekulast and still have unusual and eerie dreams, but they are not full of the horror of those of several years ago.  I also find it difficult to sleep more than a few hours at a time, partially because of the dreams, which waken me.
However, it controls the night coughing better than any other drug I&#039;ve used, from prednisone to advair.  I will continue to take it unless the side effects worsen."
"I&#039;ve been on Luvox for 12 years for my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. It was the first medication and I tried and it worked perfectly. I wouldn&#039;t try anything else."
"I have had 2 back surgeries in the last 8 months.  Neither surgery relieved the pain that runs up and down my right leg.  I was sent to a pain clinic and put on methadone.  It has been a miracle.  I have tried other medicines with little success.  Methadone has worked best."
"The worst possible anti-anxiety medication ever. 14 years of taking it. Not only did it do the opposite of what it was supposed to do, but I became a horrible person to be around. High one day, down the bottom the other, irrational, fearless to a scary point, extreme in everything I did. the side effects were horrific and it took me 3 years to temper it down to stop taking it....But wait; 2 years after quitting this shit, serious side effects came back to haunt me in a terrible way...Yes; 2 years after I stopped taking Paxil. Please, Google Paxil side effects; many people have had the same problem! Stay away from this stuff. Banned in most of Europe for obvious reasons."
"I had my skyla IUD inserted this past Wednesday. Prior to my appointment I was reading others reviews, and experiences. Some I was horrified by, and others I felt at ease. It all depends on the individual, and your pain tolerance. I would say it was 4-5 on a pain scale. It was a bit painful and uncomfortable during the process. It took about 5-7 minutes tops. I&#039;m happy with my decision as sometimes I would forget to take my pill. With the IUD I am worry free for the next 3 years! I say its worth it!"
"I&#039;m 22 and this is my first birth control to have. My doctor basically pressured me that this selective medicine was the right choice for me. I have been taking this pill for about one week prior to being off my menstrual cycle in the midst of taking these pills, I rapidly began another menstrual cycle or what some call &quot;break through bleeding&quot;. I&#039;ve also became very emotionally to the point where I would call my mother and cry. And lastly my doctor advised me it would ease my cramps, which was a lie it actually made the pain worst. I didn&#039;t even finish my first week before I changed to another BC!!"
"I put off taking Modafanil until I used my cpap for 1 month as instructed by my doctor. I have complex sleep apnea, both obstructive &amp; central &amp; a circadian rhythm disorder, my clock is totally backwards, could be considered sleep shift work disorder but I haven&#039;t worked for a few years due to this &amp; other medical issues. I&#039;ve been doing a lot better but the sleep is the major issue. I tried modafinil 50mg, nothing. I then went to 100mg, nothing. I also tried 50 twice a day, nothing. After about 6 days I started experiencing EXTREME gastrointestinal pains, bloating &amp; distension. I looked pregnant &amp; could barely move because of the pain. I could not pass gas either. It was terrible. I was really disappointed as I heard good reviews here"
"I got the implant on the same day that I had a d&amp;c procedure for my miscarriage. I thought my weight gain was just extra pounds I didn&#039;t lose from the baby and I just needed to try harder. I thought my depression and anxiety was because I lost my baby. It&#039;s been a year now, I&#039;ve done alot of work. I haven&#039;t lost a pound. I start crying out of nowhere at work. I have no motivation to continue trying and have had a lot of suicidal ideation. I am getting this thing taken out of my arm on the 7th and I couldn&#039;t be more excited. I just want to be me again. Oh and I forgot to mention that almost every pair of underwear I own have become &quot;period panties&quot; because I bleed on a constant basis yet it&#039;s rarely enough to need a tampon. Yay.."
"I have been on Lamictal for 4 months. First couple of months I felt good. However since then I have had confusion. Headaches. Dry month and lips. Insomnia."
"I want to qualify my comments by disclosing I have only been on Contrave for a week. My intention is to comment periodically as I am on the med longer.

I was very nervous about starting Contrave given what I had read about the side effects. I don%u2019t take meds very often, and I didn&#039;t like the idea of going on a recurring and long term pill. That being said, the first week on Contrave has been incredible. I will say I was food obsessed before. Thoughts of food ran through my head throughout the day, and the idea of eating was always there.

I had no idea how much mental energy I had been spending pushing those thoughts aside. Now, with Contrave, my head is clear. I no longer sit at my desk and watch the clock, waiting until it%u2019s a reasonable time to eat, or force myself to push on another hour before ultimately giving in and getting a snack.

When I do eat %u2013 and yes, I still very much enjoy the taste of food %u2013 I don%u2019t feel that same sense of urgency and elation I use to. Those feelings would often trigger binge eating.

I look forward to seeing what my future with Contrave holds, and more importantly, I am hopeful.

Again, for full disclosure%u2026 I did have mild nausea the first day I took the pill, but it was short lived, and has not recurred in subsequent days."
"I have been taking Tramadol for a while for endometriosis.  It works okay. It makes me extremely restless though and after about 8 hrs I get really nauseated and end up vomiting.  It does help with the pain though. Not completely."
"I have taken Abilify for around 5-6 years. I initially was prescribed it at the age of 15 which is way too early in my opinion. However its had relatively few side effects, and has by and large helped me from my tendency to veare towards psychosis or extreme mood swings. Don&#039;t try and get off this drug on your own, it can have horrible consequences. I&#039;m not totally sure what was the Abilify withdrawal and what was my illness, but I had some very extreme mania, that may have been a side effect of withdrawal. Overall Abilify is a very serious drug, don&#039;t take it lightly, and I wouldn&#039;t recommend it for depression. But it has helped me tremendously, and I don&#039;t have much else to say that is negative about it."
"I had Botox for overactive bladder io the 11 August 2016 been very unwell since flu symptoms aching body but above all my bladder is worse than ever .on and off the toilet constantly, with terrible throbbing and feeling of contantly full bladder. Back in hospital now they don&#039;t know what&#039;s going on although they are the ones responsible for the procedure !! At the end of my tether I wish I had never had this done no doctor wants to take any sort of blame and are playing dumb this is at King George hospital in goodmayes Essex been here for 2 nights they don&#039;t know what to suggest and have been mucked about for 2 days and nights. Can&#039;t sleep as sensation gets worse when I try to relax. Don&#039;t have this done"
"Abilify helped me at the maxed out dose of 30mg. I noticed that it made my manic episodes be more contained, however, when I was depressed it dragged me down deeper. I actually was suicidal. It was a real painful thing since usually my manic episodes are a lot worse."
"Lots of mental illness drugs are rubbish anyway. But this one made me poop about 3 times a day today. And I was sick for about 2 weeks on this. Stomach pain, nausea, joint pain and all that."
"I found out in 2003 that I had Hep-C I waited and put it off cause I was scared of those  interferon injections . As my  liver  enzymes rose and I had a bought off medical issues. I contacted a hep clinic in my area and they excepted me for the Harvoni treatment which I took from Apr. 2015/ July 2015 I was on it for 12 weeks cause I also had  cirrhosis. After 5 wks my blood work detected no infection. Then of course after the 12 I was cured and feel great. Never had a side effect or anything from this  miracle drug .  This drug should be available to everyone ."
"I have medicine and food allergies."
"I have been diagnosed with GAD, SAD, and depression. Before Wellbutrin I had only tried SSRI&#039;s like cymbalta and lexapro; they were TERRIBLE. I have gone untreated before trying those meds and they did nothing for my depression, just made me feel emotionally numb. The first 3 months on wellbutrin were terrible too, huge panic attacks all the time and my anxiety worsened. Now, this is my 6th month and I can proudly say that it is working!!! Compared to my pre-medicated self, I have more energy and am actually able to follow through with activities I wouldn&#039;t have thought of doing before. Most importantly, I&#039;m finally not depressed!!! It took away that really tough barrier depression had on me that prevented me from enjoying my life."
"I had my 5th colonoscopy today and I used Prepopik  for the first time. In past props, I had horrible experiences with the different drinks that I had tried it. Several of them caused me to be very nauseous and even throw up but this was fantastic. I followed the directions for taking it twice in one evening and it worked perfectly. I was in the bathroom 45 minutes  after the first drink and then went regularly from that point on. I was a little nervous that my output was not as clear as I would have liked but by the time of the procedure at 8 AM things were at a good point. The report I received from the doctor said that the prep was excellent and they could see everything clearly.  I am so grateful to this company for developing a product that doesn&#039;t taste horrible and can be used in such a small amount."
"I have taken Elmiron for 30 years. I started while they were still testing it under a &quot;compassionate protocol&quot;. I had been having IC symptoms for 10 years prior to that, suffering terribly and wanting to kill myself. I did DMSO treatments, bladder distinction, Hytrin, Hydroxyzine, Pryridium and Elmiron and after several years was better. Over the years I have learned to manage my stress better . For the last 22 years I have been pretty good. Still I urinate very frequently and get up 6-8 times a night. I have adjusted to it. With those drugs I have worked a full career. I did have some nausea with the Elmiron at a higher dose. Now I take 2 a day, Hytrin, Hydroxyzine and Tagamet several times daily. I have never had hair loss or headaches."
"I was constipated for about 5 days do to taking diet pills. I took MOM at about 1030pm at night I woke up at about 5 am rubbing my belly and thinking I can&#039;t believe this stuff hasn&#039;t kicked in. When I tell you that thought hadn&#039;t even left my mind yet it kicked in and with a bang!!!! I barely made it to the bathroom. I felt so much better even though I almost pooped on myself!!!!"
"I have had a fusion of L4 and L5 in 2004 was doing fine until last year when I began to have pain in my low back and right leg accompanied with numbness and tingling down the leg. I also managed to severely rupture a few discs in my neck while stretching of all things. Was misdiagnosed by the surgeon who only fixed one of the ruptures with a fusion of C7. Off course this still left me with pain and numbness from my neck down both arms. About a month or so ago I switched to a spine and pain management doctor and he put me on the Lyrica (75mg 3x daily) and a Duragesic patch. These two drugs have worked wonders for my pain and Quality of life. 
The only side effect is that my short term memory is a little sketchy and my mind doesn&#039;t want to shut down."
"Phentermine 37.5, helped me in a very positive way. As a person who has high blood pressure and diabetes it was a must to lose weight. I was exercising everyday but still gaining weight because of diabetes medicines. Well in the first month I have gone from 234lbs to 218lbs and on my way to 190lbs. I recommend finding what works for you. For me, I started taking it 6am and would have a snack bar around 12 noon. Then another snack bar around 2:30pm and then a regular healthy meal with more vegetables maybe 5 pm. I might have a snack bar around 7pm and that is it. Also I drink plenty of water all day. I exercise 4 times a week as well as cardio and aerobics. I find the longer I wait after taking medicine before eating the better the results."
"Ive been on contrave a little over a month. No side effects for me. Lost 15 pounds already."
"I was prescribed this medication after having symptoms for 1-2 days. I am not a pill taker. I was in between insurance so I had to go see a minute clinic provider. I was told the drug was highly effective and asked if I wanted to try it. I knew cipro worked in the past, but the prescriber seemed avid that this med would take cake if my symptoms. To no avail, I&#039;ve had a horrible smell in my urine, a bout of leakage and now on day 4, my bladder and urinary tract burn &amp; literally feels sore and swollen. This medicine is complete crap! I would have been healed by now had I been given the medication I requested in the first place! Now I am out 200 bucks and feel horrible and wondering if I have to go this all over again in 2 days..."
"I&#039;m 18 and got the paraguard in March. I&#039;m sharing this because I think it&#039;s horrible, but then again I&#039;ve never given birth, so my cervix isnt used to being opened- at all. But the insertion was insanely painful, I was crying and almost begging them to stop. Afterwards I was nauseous and very pale- I had to sit in the office for a good 20 minutes before I could walk again. I had to drive home and I was in so much pain I almost crashed. The pain didn&#039;t go away for 2 months- straight. It was constant, out of no where lying on the ground, curled in a ball pain. After two months, it started to get better. Except came my periods. It would be heavy, to the point where I bled through a super-plus tampon in 30 minutes. And now I&#039;m in pain."
"I am 17 and I got on YAZ in October 2008. I had never been on the pill before yet, I had heard bad things about Yaz. I went through some blood tests to make sure that YAZ would be okay for me and turned out I was cleared to take it. I have been taking it for almost a year now and I have felt no symptoms. I actually like YAZ because it keeps me very regular, I know exactly what day I will start and around the time, something I have never had before. Seeing all these bad reviews people are giving it makes me wonder. I haven&#039;t had any symptoms really but I have had the occasional cramps. My mom today just got me a new pill called Ocella. I decided to stay on YAZ."
"After taking many medications that were supposed to help with my anxiety, my doctor finally prescribed me Klonopin.  It works great, after only a few minutes I feel entirely better and it doesn&#039;t knock me out like the other medications did.  I can still function normally.  "
"I had to stop taking my migraine medicine because of a life threatening side effect.  Nothing else touched my migraines.  I was desperate because of the nausea and dizziness on top of the unbelievable pain, and took a Dramamine.  Not only did it stop the nausea and dizziness, it knocked out my migraine enough that I was able to get out aof bed and function - probably from a 10 on the pain scale to a 5.  Huge difference!"
"My husband has Parkinson&#039;s dementia and was put on Exelon patch 4 months ago.  He has psoriasis and the patch (we think) may have triggered it to be worse.  He does not want to stop the patch because of the good mental alertness he receives from it but the rash has become more widespread on his upper torso.  Doctor does not believe it is Exelon but I have begun to remove the patch after 12 hours and the rash has improved.  I believe the dose may be too high and causes the dermatitis.  Overall it is a good medicine."
"Best pain medicine made that helps."
"Worst birth control ever! I am 25 and have taken the same birth control since I was 17. 2 months ago my pharmacy gave me this pill and said it was the same, just a generic brand of what I have been taking. The past 2 months have been some of the worst of my life. I&#039;m getting ready to lose my job, my marriage is unrecognizable (emotionally and physically), and I have thought about killing myself atleast once a day for the past 2 weeks. Luckily I started searching my symptoms (I was looking up anti depressants actually) and saw alot of stuff about birth control side effects and put the pieces together. On top of the uncontrollable rage, crying and overall unhappiness, I get my pd all the time. Try something else, not worth the side effects!"
"I&#039;m 18 years old, my period was irregular and I&#039;m sexually active, so i decided to start the pill. I  just started this birth control (first bc ever tried), the first 3 days when i was on this bc i got the worst headaches. Then I started to feel depressed and was tired all the time. Within the first week of taking the pill, I got my period, and I got the worst cramps ever - more worse than before i was using any contraceptive; tingling/numbness in legs, severe cramps, nausea. But now i don&#039;t feel depressed anymore and I don&#039;t get terrible headaches. My breasts feel a little fuller than normal-&quot;normal&quot; as in before I started using any contraceptive. I&#039;m on my second week of taking the pill, so we&#039;ll see how it goes."
"Seroquel was prescribed for sleep disorder and it works just fine without any hangover the next morning"
"Been on opiates for 10 years, broke my back had a fusion and have basically suffered since... talked to doc about the med the 1st two times I was amazed and sooo happy to have relief.. 3rd time I took it I was in withdrawal and couldn&#039;t go to work it was so bad :(. And I took it at night all 3 times. I&#039;m so disappointed that it did this. I&#039;m scared to take it again but now again back to being stopped up "
"I had always heard the negative jargon of Xanax, and was afraid to take it because I was afraid I would be addicted and unable to control it. 
Eventually things were to tough and I was in one of the darkest points of my life. So I broke down and talk with my doctor about giving it a try. It totally changed my life. It helped me to focus more at work. It helped manage my anxiety so my mind could rest and I could sleep. 
I could see how this medication could be misused it&#039;s important to take as prescribed."
"Stelara completely cleared 90% BSA, including severe palmar plantar pustular psoriasis within 52 days of initiating treatment. Side effects included extreme fatigue lasting approximately 72 hours after each application. Feeling &quot;sunburned&quot; was noted for several days after initial fatigue."
"Got a shot of it on Friday, some soreness on Saturday; but saw immediate results of reduced urgency to void every hour, sometimes 4-5 times per hour, depending on consumption of liquid.  Some sensitivity to right side of groin and scrotum.  Seemed like it might be some blockage in semen tubing or possibly the medication impacting the two lymph nodes that showed some cancer invasion.  Now it is Tuesday evening and the sensitivity on the right side groin is minimal.  It is really amazing how fast the medication impacted the symptoms.  I got a 3 month shot and expect to do a blood draw in 6 weeks to evaluate the impact on the PSA levels.  So far so good."
"Some years ago I began physically abusing my children and wife as the exasperation I was feeling steered my thoughts into a cycle of negativity and emotional upheaval.  The abuse, which I intellectually knew was wrong, would nonetheless arise in my &quot;fits of rage,&quot; or decisions to become emotionally abusive.  With cognitive behavioral therapy, meditation and citalopram I am now nearly free from heralding such abuse upon those I love and I am so proud of myself as a husband, father."
"I was started on 75 mg Effexor and then increased to 150 mg.  I felt much better overall.  Anxiety was about gone, I could think through my thoughts.  However, I was not happy with the sexual dysfunction I experienced on the 150 mg dose. My doctor lowered my dose back to 75 mg and the sexual dysfunction resolved and my generalized anxiety disorder is within tolerable limits.  I recently added Vitamin D and B12 to my daily regimen with my Effexor 75 mg ER dose and noticed a huge lifting of the mental fog that I had known for so long. This combination has been keeping my thoughts from racing, my hope from tanking and my perspective in a good and positive place. It works for me."
"I am 41 years old. I have been taking Boniva for the last 3 months with no side effects so far. Fingers crossed."
"I have been taking phendimetrazine (Bontril 105 mg) since Sunday, for about 4 days.  The first day I was a little jittery and could not eat anything then I developed a very bad headache but after my body getting over the initial shock it has adjusted to the medicine.  I weighed in on Sunday at 214lbs, today Thursday I am 204. I have lost a whooping 10lbs ... I am so excited about this.  I am watching my diet and I work out like crazy doing Boot Camp, Circuit Training and Cross Fit Training with my trainers.  I started to take the medicine because I was doing all that exercise and my weight was not going down but now the combination of the pill and exercise I am seeing changes.  I am 34 and 5&#039;1."
"I&#039;ve been using Differin for 5 weeks now.
  
My skin had seemed to be improving but then all of a sudden the last few days I&#039;ve had several new break outs.  
It&#039;s a little frustrating but I&#039;ll continue using it as it can take up to 12 weeks for the best results.

I&#039;ll just keep my fingers crossed. "
"I without a doubt believe this to be the best medicine I have ever used. I would ask for it every time I was sick. Promethazine and codeine cannot compare. This made me feel great after the very first dose and I was able to go to work."
"I was using epiduo for about four days then realized that my face began to burn like I was sticking my face into a fire. So I just ignored it the first day it began to burn and though that maybe it was the soap that I used to clean my face before I applied epiduo, so I used a different soap and applied the face cream and it began to burn even more than before. I then just decided to stop using epiduo and my face continued to burn two days later. I do not recommend for anyone. Horrible experience."
"My GYN put me on LoSeasonique because they were out of regular Seasonique that I normally take. I&#039;ve been on it for three and a half weeks, yesterday I started very little spotting and today it was just a little heavy, enough that I have to wear a liner. Other than that I have not experienced any other side effects so far. I will admit some of the reviews on here have me a little skeptical.  "
"I have increased energy but this drug has not improved any other postmenopausal symptom.  I am very disappointed."
"I started this when I was 13, for heavy period relief. 
Pros- No weight gain, shortened my period from 7-8 to 4-5 days.
Cons- Before Reclipsen, I never had cramps, moodiness, or really ANY period symptoms or PMS, although my period lasted for 7-8 days and was very heavy, it was honestly pretty easy going. After I began Reclipsen, my period was shortened to 4-5 days but it took about 3 days of active pills for it to start, and two of my inactives for it to stop. This hasn&#039;t stopped. I started getting cramps, moodiness, and extremely bad PMS. I used to act NO different on my period than off, but since starting Reclipsen it&#039;s been much worse."
"I started Qsymia one year and 3 months ago. I was nervous, Because I have taken diet medication before and all have failed. 
I started out 269 pounds. I am now 191 pounds . I am on the 11.25-69 MG about to get switched to the last MG. 
I have had no side effects. 
All I&#039;ve done is stop drinking cokes all together, and I&#039;ve limited how much I eat thanks to Qsymia. I feel fuller faster. 
I walk more and have more energy since I&#039;ve lost my weight. 
I&#039;ve got more to lose. I am not giving up."
"Talk about induced anxiety!!! I have NEVER felt so absolutely horrific as I did when using this medication.
My doctor prescribed it one week after shoulder surgery when I was having severe stomach problems and constipation.  I had already stopped taking percocet when I started taking it.  And when I still wasn&#039;t pooping.....you guessed it, Doctor prescribed ADDITIONAL dosage!  I was crying, in a state of panic, unable to sleep---I NEVER EVER want to feel this way again.  
After reading up on it, you are not supposed to take Movantik if you are NOT TAKING OPIODS!!!!  Thank you for the medically induced anxiety horror show."
"I am diabetic and have itches over several parts of the body. I discovered Lanacane by accident and it works wonders for me. The problem with Lanacane is that body heat makes it melt and it runs off on the bed, in the clothing, etc, therefore the duration on the skin is reduced. Also, I have discovered that with repeated use, the skin became red. I am now applying a generous layer of body powder (talc) over Lanacane. This prevents Lanacane from melting and running off the skin. The duration is about tripled, and there is no more irritated, red skin. The more powder you apply the better. You end up looking like fried chicken but you will feel much much better."
"I have been on Pristiq for one week for major depression and treatment resistant depression.  I take this medicine at night and have had no side effects yet. I have experienced a major lift in my mood, I am laughing a lot more and in general feel pretty well.  It seems to work quickly and I hope added benefit comes with time, I am glad I decided to try it.  I was scared at 1st because SSRI&#039;s in general have always let me down, but this being a SSNRI - I think that is the name, I can see a light at the end of the tunnel now."
"Okay, I have ONLY ever taken Ortho Tri Cyclin lo birth control on and off (I stopped for four years and had two children) for 10+ years. Imagine my shock and hesitation when I receive this new generic that my insurance covers! I read all these horrible reviews online and even saw where they were off the market pending the settlement of a lawsuit! It was either the free Tri lo sprintec or the $140 brand name! Well, after 5 months on the generic Tri Lo Sprintec I am pleased to report that I have had NO side effects at all! In fact, I use to break out before every cycle on the brand name and after a few months on Tri Lo Sprintec I have a clear complexion all the time! Also, the negative reviews are from before the lawsuit &amp; redistribution 2016"
"After trying many types of AD&#039;s my psych put me on brintellix( his Guinness pig) took a good 8 weeks for full effect but has helped my depression tremendously. The only side affect I guess anyone doesn&#039;t want that I have is lower sex drive apart from that no others and I feel fantastic, still have anxiety but it is also lower. This has worked for me. Now been 20 weeks"
"This was much better than 12 years ago.  Suprep seemed to work almost immediately for me, and I just parked on the toilet with my iPad!  The taste wasn&#039;t that bad and the benefits outweigh this prep thing!"
"Took my first dose today and within an hour I was sicker than I have ever been.  Terrible headache, nausea, flushing of skin.  I have never had an issue with my blood pressure but an hour after the dose my blood pressure was 192/92.  Scared me to death.  Fortunately within the hour it was close to normal.  I ended up in bed all day because the symptoms I was experiencing were so heinous and lasted for over 7 hours.  I could not open my eyes due to the least bit of light was excruciating.  I have never experienced a migraine before.  Also, I had previously taken Wellbutrin (Zyban) to quit smoking 12 years ago and never had any side effects so I had very high hopes for Contrave.  Also, I am not on any other prescription meds."
"I have been on cymbalta for over year, the relief it gave me was a god send. I hated the sweaty side effect, so I stopped taking it for a couple of months, withdrawl was horrible, depression was horrible again. I&#039;ve been back on it for about two months now and I take 120mg a day along with 300mg welbutrin, I wish I could take more. I wish they would put it in the drinking water so everyone could benefit from the effects."
"I am 65 years old and suffer from diverticulitis. I ended up being hospitalized and did get better but not totally. One day I was in horrible pain and vomited. I had an impaction. The doctor gave me high doses of antibiotics and prescribed miralax. That was a few months ago. I only take as needed as the pain on the left side signals trouble. As long as I don&#039;t get constipated, thanks to miralax, I am okay. This stuff works for me. I buy Costco brand since it is cheaper."
"Whenever I try come off this medicine my Rosacea flares up within 10 days to 2 weeks. I am currently attempting to wean the dosage down to 3 times per week, so far it is working."
"I am on day 7 of this antibiotic for a sinus infection.  While my symptoms have all but gone, I still have to keep taking it of course. I noticed a couple of days ago that I was feeling &quot;funny&quot; approximately 2  hours after taking the medicine.  It wasn&#039;t like that at first but now I have body aches, headache, chills...kind of reminds me of the flu. "
"Works great for me, but I don&#039;t understand why the Dr&#039;s won&#039;t put me on it."
"My bone Dr gave me this and it gave me great relief  for my lupus arthritis and my rheumy took me off of it like over a year later due to bp issues...6 months 
Now I&#039;m a misery my inflammation is rampant and I ask to start taking it again -  fingers crossed. I&#039;m highly sensitive bp wise to prednisone so I can&#039;t go up on it:("
"I had been in a severe accident in February 2007 and had compartment syndrome in the accident. I have a right foot drop. I find the mix of Gabapentin and Percocet work very well with the nerve pain as well as lower right leg pain."
"Having been diagnosed with primary chronic insomnia at the age of 13, I have spent my life dealing with the condition.  After serving for 20 years of active duty I found that my condition worsened as time went on.  Now, in my mid-40&rsquo;s, my condition has come to the point where, without medication, I can, and do, stay awake for 3-4 days on end without difficulty.  Using quetiapine in combination with another medication had turned out to be the only combination that gives me 6-8 hours of solid sleep.  I take 100mg along with my other med and within an hour I am tired enough to go to sleep.  I have had nights where the combination had no effect, but there have been only a dozen or so in the last 5 years"
"I switched to Topamax from Lamictal to see if it would control my bipolar disorder and help me lose weight. My mood and sleep have been incredible and I have lost 15 lbs in 6 weeks on Topamax. I was a little worried about having memory problems but have not suffered this side effect at all. Have a little tingling in my feet at night but not bad enough to stop taking it. Overall I highly recommend this medication for bipolar disorder."
"Prescribed 500 mg twice a day for UTI.  By night four, had the most amazing aches in my left leg from hip through knee particularly.  Halfway through the (sleepless, since it interacts with my usual sleep remedy) night, it switched legs.  A relief in that I didn&#039;t have to worry that I was suddenly developing an orthopedic condition.  Day and night five just as bad.  Being careful with exercise so as not to harm a tendon.  Something is going on.  It&#039;s cured the UTI so I will stick it out for the five days.  Hope these aches go away after.  Taking Neurontin and a bedtime hydrocodone help, but that makes me useless!  However, a urine culture said my infection was ONLY sensitive to Cipro, so ..."
"This past Wednesday my right nostril was a little sore, figured I was a little overly aggressive with the allergy early morning blowing.  By Friday 3:30 am I woke up to stabbing pain all on the right side of my face!  Swollen and the tissue was HARD, nasal passage (where the infection started) was 3/4 closed!  Today is day 4, my face is pliable again, still a little stiff close to my right nostril, but my lips, cheeks and eyes feel great, nostril very slightly tender in comparison to Wednesday.  This Avelox works only problem I&#039;ve had is dry mouth (drinking plenty of water) and a little light headed/dizzy, but I&#039;m not driving so that&#039;s okay!"
"Taking care of 90 year old m in law has put my life in deep dark depression. I was not able to function, my thinking speech and soul were leaving me more each day. Changing her diapers,and watching her sit idle 12 hours a day was more than I could handle. This med has given me patience,focus &amp; my smile back. I am able to take care of her with a better outlook, and take care of my kids &amp; husband again. It&#039;s a blessing and it worked for me in 2 days. My fatigue is gone,my mood is brighter the gloom has gone away. I feel like I&#039;m alive where as before I took it, I felt dead inside &amp; had no hope just wanted to stay in bed. I am grateful to have a normal feeling,it&#039;s been a miracle for me.need to appeal ins co.as they don&#039;t want to pay."
"Excedrin has always worked for me, but lately its been giving me stomach pain and causing me to get light headed. The pain it causes is not worth it, especially if you have anxiety."
"It helps take away your anxiety plus it helps you sleep too."
"I was put on Biaxin for a major sinus infection. 500 mg twice daily for one month. Pharmacist told me that sinus infections can take a very long time to go away. I definitely feel better but am still having the runny nose, congestion and a little cough still but much less than before. It&#039;s been 3 weeks now since I was put on this. Hope it kicks it out of my system. "
"I&#039;ve been using Ziana for since 2/2016 and this product has done wonders for me. I&#039;m in my mid thirties and have never suffered from acne until the last few years. I&#039;d get these painful &quot;under the skin&quot; bumps that I&#039;d unfortunately squeeze (LEAVE THEM ALONE! Bothering them will only irritate them). I couldn&#039;t take it anymore so I visited my dermatologist and he prescribed me Ziana gel. For the first week you will only use it every other day to get your skin use to it. After the first week, use it just before bed. Do not use it until nighttime because the gel oxidizes with sun exposure. Your skill will only be oily for a few months and it helps w/ dark spots. Remember less is best... Use ONLY a pea size or slightly smaller! Good luck!!!"
"Great wonder drug have lost a massive 7 pounds in 2 weeks on this drug. Was 17 stone 4. The weight is still dropping off. Have been put on this as have other medical issues and was putting weight on like no tomorrow. On it for a total over time of 8 weeks my GP wants me down to 14 stone. Great drug with no side effects reported."
"People, be careful with Ambien. I was put on Ambien 10 mg back in late 2014, I recently stopped the medication told turkey. It&#039;s been a week since I quit, I have been having severe withdrawal. Nightmares, night sweats, and frequent urination are the most occurring symptoms I have been dealing with. Doctors seldom tell patients about drug withdrawals, which is why I am suffering from these problems. So, be careful before you take a new prescribed medication."
"So far love it....don&#039;t have to worry about remembering to take the pill. Hardly ever get my period, but just dislike the weight gain."
"I took this medication for only 3 weeks for Mixed Connective Tissue Disease. (Diagnosed 15 years ago, medication free for the last 11years).  My only active symptom at the time was Raynaud&#039;s. I really did not want to take any medication, and felt that improving my lifestyle/keeping warm was worth a try,  but my (new) rheumatologist pushed it and said he would discharge me if I didn&#039;t take it. All my other tests (lung function, heart scan, bloods) were fine. What a mistake. It did not help my Raynaud&#039;s, but did cause huge hives from my neck to my ankle. My last dose was May 25th, it is now August 9th and these unsightly hives continue to come and go. With such a long half life (up to 50 days) it will take over 18 months to fully eliminate it"
"I got Implanon in July of 2009. A week later, I started my period which was far heavier than I normally get. I bled for the next month, but after that? Nothing! That is a blessing seeing as I have endometriosis and my periods were /extremely/ painful. I have a bit more acne than before and I think I&#039;ve gained a little weight, but all-in-all... I&#039;m thankful. I&#039;m pretty happy with it."
"About a 2 months ago I started having severe abdominal pain, my doctor started me on Norcos and now for the first time in two months I feel normal again. I am able to control my pain and now I can live my life relatively pain free."
"I had severe hot flashes and within 2 days of taking pristiq they stopped completely - I am not kidding."
"This was the absolute worst medication i have ever taken. What a nightmare!! To begin with I was taking Duloxetine 60 mg 1x a day, Wellburtin  Xl 300mg 1x a day, Valium 10mg 3x a day, morphine 30 mg 2x a day oxycodone 20mg 4x a day. I was doing just fine or do I thought. I had a change of Doctors, due to the fact that my Doctor left this practice. Not sure the reason for this medication. Never Again!!  After starting that medication once it really got in my system, my worst fear came to reality. I totally went outside my mind to the point my daughter was so scared of my behavior she called the EMS. Upon arrival at the ER, after blood work was told I was overly medicated. Never Never Again!!! Awful!!"
"Post op foot pain. Not effective to address pain.  Mild side effects: dry mouth, skin feels charged and I am unable to stay asleep due to weird dreams that seem to just &quot;pop&quot; into my head.  First day on medicine, I&#039;ll call Doctor tomorrow hope he will give me something different."
"I had Mirena placed 6 months ago to control excessive bleeding during periods.  I am 38 and have had one child.  

The placement was extremely painful for me even with taking 800 mg of ibuprofen prior to the procedure.  That being said, I have friends who have had it placed with no more pain than what you&#039;d expect during a pap smear.  It all depends on the person.

My periods are tremendously lighter, to the point that I can almost get by with only a liner. So Mirena has served its purpose.  On the down side, I spot frequently between periods, have reoccurring yeast infections, mild acne, less sex drive, and mood swings.  My orgasms are no where near as intense as they used to be and I frequently get mild cramping and lower backaches."
"Thank God for plan b! After stressing for two weeks, my cycle finally came on!"
"I want to begin this by saying that I rarely write reviews about anything.  I think the only other things I have written a review over was a cabin in Gatlinburg TN, and for one of the thousands of things I have purchased off of Amazon.. lol.  Needless to day, for me to write a review, this product must have made a huge impression on me!  
I started taking contrave on Memorial day 2016 (May 30th), the first few weeks I lost about 12 lbs, that&#039;s an average of 4 lbs/week! After that I seemed to hit a small plateau, and only lost like 1-1.5 lbs average per week for the next two weeks, bringing my total to 15 lbs by July 4th.  It is now July 19th, and I have officially hit the 20lb mark!! bringing my weekly average back up to about 2.5 lbs!"
"Rapid improvement in red areas on neck, chest and elbows."
"I have been so sick since becoming pregnant, vomiting several times per day. Initially, I was given zofran, but the minute it would wear off I&#039;d start vomiting again. My Dr switched me to Diclegis a few days ago and I feel great! No vomiting, No nausea, and I&#039;m not worried about the potential problems that extended use of zofran could cause anymore. "
"Chronic neck spasms and resulting headaches as well as sinus headaches.  Works fairly well if taken ASAP.  The caffiene content can keep you awake though."
"I wasI was on many medications it didn&#039;t work until my doctor prescribe xanax to milligrams 4 times a day what a godsend. I found the other medications like klonopin didn&#039;t work as effectively. I couldn&#039;t go to work without having a panic attack or in a situation with the family. people don&#039;t understand life can be tough go with the proper medication you can become better. I was on Zoloft it didn&#039;t work so the doctor prescribed me xanax which was very helpful. people should ask your doctor for a prescription I have severe anxiety it will help.I&#039;ve been on it for 2 years and it&#039;s been very helpful. I hope people see the light and try it has a bad reputation but it is it wonder drug."
"28 year old, first colonoscopy prep. 

even though it tasted gross, it was the worst part about it. I started drinking a lot of water the day before the prep (didn&#039;t eat less though). Took 3 laxatives the night before as instructed by my doctor the night before as well.

took first round at 5pm. Took the whole hour to drink plus the 32oz of water. Felt really full &amp; had to try a little not to throw up due to the sweet/salty taste. But I took my time.

second round at 10pm. Was easier to get down (maybe I was more prepared for the taste).

the thing I was most worried about was cramping and I had none. So that was cool."
"ok"
"I gave it exactly a year. I&#039;m giving it up because 1. I&#039;m seemingly too busy to have sex and 2. Too busy to remember to take them. I noticed my hair thinning out in the first few months, but my skin was a lot clearer. My cramps went away and my period became shorter and lighter. I&#039;m naturally very small, but have been able to gain weight before (though slowly). Since on the pill I&#039;ve been dropping pounds that I can&#039;t afford to. Mood swings were not as bad on this pill as when I was on ortho trycyclen low. I think I&#039;m going to take a break and see how my body reacts."
"I have been on trazodone for over a month now. Started out on 100mg now on 150mg it has been heaven sent for me a few nights. Got in bed forgot to take it tossed and turn until I got up and take it, was asleep within mins. Never been fond of taking pills but had to try something also on Cymbalta 30mg."
"Metozolv OTC is very easy to take as it melts immediately on your tongue. It does seems to help with some of the gastroparesis symptoms but does not completely eliminate them. However my biggest concern is side effects it causes. After one month of use I noticed by breast becoming larger, painful, and lactating upon touch. (No I&#039;m not a candidate for pregnancy!). I&#039;m sure all medicines have their issues but the lactating definitely concerns me. I must add Metozolv is very costly."
"I was in the DEEPEST pit of depression. I felt that it was hormonal. Had labs drawn and was shown to be in menopause. Had a hysterectomy which left me with one ovary. The depression started this year in March and spiralled out of control. I was seriously deciding whether or not to stick around not because I didn&#039;t want to live, but the mental pain was too much. I noticed in a study of women that were treated successfully for severe hormonal depression using premarin and mirtazipine. Within 24 hours the depression was GONE GONE GONE! I believe it is mostly the premarin because ADs take longer than that to work. I want to start a campaign for the horses that are being treated to poorly. Why can&#039;t we get this from pg. humans and pay them?"
"Undress. Stand in shower. Apply generous amount of selenium sulfide. Use firm bristle bath brush . Scrub affected area then shower away lotion. Fast results. About a week tinea versicolor is removed. This product is liquid brown/ beige color. Not to be confused with hair shampoo Selsun blue."
"The most reliable and consistent ADHD CNS I&#039;ve ever taken! Their new instant release tablets they came out with recently, are really great. Instead of taking the usual four salts (Adderall), you have one (Dextroamphetamine Sulfate). My grades and focus went up about 30 percent after taking these on right dose. I&#039;ve been stuggling with ADHD since I was 6 yro. Also, I take 30mg x 3 per day. I always joke with friends that dexy makes me feel sexy."
"We have a 8 year old who we adopted from foster care last year.  He was diagnosed with ADHD soon after.  He was put on Concerta.  We saw definite improvement.  But early this year, he started exhibiting increased symptoms of ADHD.  He could not fall asleep until late so we used Melatonin.  His doctor started him on Kapvay about 5 weeks ago.  We started seeing a great improvement the first week because he fell asleep without Melatonin and started getting 10 hours of sleep.  The second week we added the morning dose.  Mornings immediately became incredible.  We no longer needed check lists for him.  The teacher said he still needed better focus so he is now on .3mg.  He is doing incredibly well.  His doctor is going to ween him down on Concerta."
"Stopped smoking 6 days ago without the anxiety I usually get while trying to quit."
"So I just started taking these pills on last Wednesday and they took my weight and it was 198"
"Keppra XR returned my life to normal.  Excellent medication for Epilepsy/seizures."
"I use the Mylan patches and Fentanyl Citrate Nasal Spray. It is the best pain medicine I have taken and I have been on almost everything."
"Doctor prescribed this for treatment-resistant psych condition, including post traumatic stress disorder. This medication is significantly reduced both nightmares and flashbacks."
"I promised myself I would write a review about this as all these reviews sometimes don&#039;t have the ending result which scared me even more the more I read. I took the pills within 6 hours (the condom broke) on March 7. Don&#039;t take this til you&#039;re at home as it made me feel nauseous and dizzy for about 24 hours. Take it and go to bed if you can. 4 days later on the 11th of march  I had a heavier spotting for 6 days! And then finally on the 23rd I got my period which was 4 days early in my cycle but it works! Don&#039;t stress too much about it if you take it soon enough!"
"Why i give a rating of 6 for xanax and depression: I think the help xanax has to offer is enabling your racing thoughts and anxiety to subside long enough to get the good rest/sleep we need just to feel sane. Subsequently, decreasing depression &amp; overwhelmness in our lives. Good luck to all!"
"Hi, I have given the medicine 5 out of 10 although I am yet to take it.
I was originally taking 150 mg of venlafaxine a day which really helped with my anxiety, the only problem was the side effects. Every night I would wake in a pool of sweat which no matter how much I showered or bathed would have a strong smell to it. We had to constantly wash and replace duvet covers, sheets etc... I had no problem with sexual desire but maintaining an erection and staying interested was a problem. I ended buying kamagra online and found just an 8th of the tablet (dissolvable) would work wonders. I spoke to the doctor and he changed the medication to citalopram which I found the transition period fine but no way as effective as the venlafaxine"
"I have been on Contrrave 3 weeks now.  I started taking 1 in the am and 1 in the pm, then increased to 1 in the am and 2 in the pm.  I was always nauseous, but it would go away after a day or 2.  I have been on the 4 pill dose for a week, but it&#039;s made me so nauseous, I decided to cut back to 1 in the am and 2 in the pm and see if that helps.  I have not weighed myself (scale is not working), but will get weighed when I go back to the doctor on June 1st.  It doesn&#039;t really make me feel any differently other than the nausea, but that is preventing me from eating a lot.  It does help if I eat something small first thing in the morning, but I feel so sick, I don&#039;t want to.  I&#039;m hoping cutting back for a week will help."
"I use Depakote 500 mg twice daily, and felt improvement in the first 10 days, my mood is stable and my severe anxiety has disappeared. Also I see improvement in OCD and I now can better focus. I&#039;m also on Seroquel 100mg twice daily."
"Two years on it. Now having liver issues. Colon on recent colonoscopy was clear. Endoscopy showed esophageal varicies stage 1. Fiberscore Labs showed stage 4 fibrosis.  Fiberscan the same. Fatigue, general and gut pain continues. Weight is stable  but can&#039;t gain. Energy low.  May need a med break."
"My insurance switched me to Tri Lo Sprintec about a month and a half ago w/out me knowing. I decided to give it a shot since it was free and I was paying $100/month for Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo previously. On OTCL for 2 years, I had no negative side effects, which was a relief after trying everything under the sun (most recently microgestin fe, which made me incredibly depressed). The 1.5 months, since I have been on TLS, ALL of these negative side effects: Irritability, depression, weight gain, depression, headaches, lethargy...you name it, I have it. I am SO upset that I finally found something that worked and insurance dictates what pill I should take. I&#039;m speaking with my Dr to fix my Rx ASAP.  Not staying on TLS no matter what."
"I have smoked for over 25 years. I loved to smoke. I had no intentions to stop.  My 10 year old daughter came home one day and told me there are over 4,000 harmful chemicals in cigarettes. - why do you smoke Momma??? My doctor prescribed Chantix and now I&#039;m on my 83rd day of not smoking. I don&#039;t even think about it. I only used 6 weeks of the pills. The 2nd dosage made me sick to my stomach, so I didn&#039;t take it as prescribed. The only side effect was crazy, odd dreams."
"Works as should."
"I have bipolar II, cycle up in spring and major depressive in the fall. I have tried lamictal, great drug but got the rash, geodon, ok but felt like I was drunk, latuda, got the jaw pain whitch was awful. Ability seems to help with the overwhelming agitation I get in the spring time. I hope it is as good in the fall for my depression phase."
"I absolutely love this medication. Works really fast, I didn&#039;t leave me with any side effects, and makes me feel better within a few hours! I will never take another medication for a urinary tract infection again besides this one!"
"My sister was diagnosed with schizophrenia at  about 29 after a third suicide attempt and full blown nervous breakdown.   She was eventually placed in a state mental institution for ten years.  She only got out due to Clozaril.  They tried it on three patients through the national institute of health in Washington, DC.  She was released to a halfway house within three months.  Although she is still very ill, she remains on this medicine for approximately 23 or more years.  "
"Sorry . . Continued. . Started taking phentermine 37.5 and b12 shot once a week on 02/20/15. Started @ 225lbs and size 18. By 03/20/15 I am down to a 16 and weight is 213! My weight is coming off a little slower than most Lol but I&#039;ve always had to work harder for my results, the reason I started this medication. But I am very pleased because I workout and eat healthy anyway so this is only an aid for me. W/o this med I would not have lost this much so soon. On my own with a strict diet and working out everyday I only lost 8 lbs in 6 weeks. Only side effect is I&#039;m getting bumps on my face, shoulders, back, and chest. Sometimes can&#039;t sleep @ night, and occasionally dry mouth. I can deal with those! Feeling great! Will update in 30 days!!!!!!"
"I have had severe anxiety for a couple of years. My attacks get so bad, I feel I need to run as far away as I can. Taking Lorazepam 3mg a day has been a tremendous help. I have read comments about going off the medicine and the difficult withdrawls, but if something works in your personal lifestyle where nothing else has, why shouldn&#039;t you be able to stay on this medication as long as you need it? It&#039;s like high blood pressure. If you have it and can&#039;t get it under control, medications are key. No one starts telling you that you should stop the medication.
For some, Lorazepam is a lifesaver. Maybe not for everyone, but for me, in my situation it is."
"I started taking Phentermine C, on 2/4/2016. I weighed 153lbs and as of today 4/21/2016 I weigh 138lbs. I was diagnosed with PCOS and me insulin levels were off the chart to include my hormones. I am also a type 2 diabetic. I am physically active and I intake about 1,400 calories a day with protein being 45% and carbs at 35% and fat 20%. I have lost 6.4% of body fat as well."
"Pamelor works great for anxiety panic attacks. It calms you down and helps you to be able to think clearly to calm yourself down. You need to make sure that your doctor is giving you the proper mg amount for your panic attack disorder. I will not stop taking this. I highly recommend this for people to try."
"Best method to cure panic forever."
"I purchased the 3 day prefilled applicators. Today is day 3 and I had ZERO burning or irritation from the cream and felt relief from the YI the morning after the first dose."
"In the beginning I had some diarrhea and belly issues...that subsided after a few days. I only have one reaction to it now and that is I get an itchy hive at the injection site about 12 hours after I use it. It goes away within a few hours, I&#039;m not worried. It has lowered my HA1C&#039;s like a charm. I LOVE this injection, I feel fuller longer, I no longer crave sugar, I&#039;ve lost 25 pounds without really trying and I have no side effects at all. One tip...to ease the burn of the shot I put it in a cup of warm water so it comes up past room temperature. Also I use the coupon on the website to pay for it."
"I started taking this medication a couple of years ago when I was diagnosed with a chronic illness that seems to be putting me in pain every day.  I did not know if it was a side effect of the medication or my illness that gave me such horrible headaches (not quite a migraine, but pretty close).  I was off the medication for 4 weeks in that time--no headache; but the depression came back.  I got back on it.  The headaches are back now, I don&#039;t have energy, I have to take a nap everyday to function the rest of the day; and the chronic pain persists. "
"Works the best ive tried all types of sleep aids and doxy is the best and over the counter :)"
"First of all, unless Strattera is seriously messing with your brain, you should really be patient and keep taking it to see if it really works. I thought several times about quitting, but since I have been fighting depression and ADHD my whole life, why not give it another month to take effect? I started a month at 25mg, a month at 40mg, and about 2 weeks at 80mg. Wow, have things really taken off for me! I am getting so much done at home and am motivated to get a job again! The one downside is the cost. Seriously? My insurance won&#039;t cover it so my 80mg prescription was almost $500! To combat nausea, take with food always! It may interact with vitamins too, so take those at the opposite time of day. Most side effects went away after 2 wks."
"I have been on Adipex since the beginning of December and my starting weight was 271 and as of Thursday I weighed in at 246. I am very pleased with my weight loss and very disappointed in myself to have reached a whopping 270. I guess it&#039;s better late than never. I do experience some side effects which includes dry mouth and constipated at times. When this happens I drink even more water and drink a swig of vinegar..it usually helps. I have not incorporated exercise in my plan yet but plan to start next week.   I wanted to get the diet down pact first..I do recommend this pill for anyone that has a lot of weight to lose!"
"Good:
Hasn&#039;t worsened my memory like Lexapro and it actually has improved it.
Still causes emotional blunting but not as badly as Lexapro.
Lowered my anxiety and improved mood...but so has other SSRIs.

Bad:
Lowered my motivation to same level as Lexapro.
Not helping with my low arousal, mental energy and motivation. Cymbalta worked the best for mental energy and motivation.

I prefer Brintellix over Lexapro but Cymbalta worked best for me overall. However, Brintellix has improved my memory more so than Lexapro/Cymbalta which has been very helpful to me."
"I WAS SCARED TO TAKE CIPRO. I REALLY FREAK OUT WHEN I HAVE TO TAKE MEDICATION. But I did with the support of friends and it works great for urinary tract infections with the first dose. I do have heartburn and gas but I&#039;m still taking it and I will add a Zantac and Gas X tomorrow. "
"Thanx to Paxil I&#039;m still here to type this comment, it saved my life. I was started on 20mg but had to go up to 40mg (max dose) for about 3 years after which I was slowly dropped down to 20mg, then right down to 10mg, which I was on for awhile then down to 5mg and eventually went off the medication. The times I did miss my dosage it was usually the second day when the zaps started along with the feeling of vertigo. The half life of this medicine is very short about 3 days that&#039;s why people feel withdrawal symptoms so quickly but I&#039;ve found quite tolerable for the good it has done for me. A wonderful medication!"
"Headaches, dizziness, and nausea so bad I want to stay in bed but can&#039;t because I also have trouble breathing after I take it."
"My son has been on Clozaril for 3 years. He was dx with Bipolar when he was just 6 years old.  He had literally been on every anti-psychotic drug until his 7th hospItal stay, his regular psychiatrist and the hospital&#039;s Dr decided to try this medicine. As far as his psychosis it has been a wonder drug. But physically, Clozaril is destroying his body. In the  first 6 months, he was dx with asthma. The worst of his problems that developed in the past 9 months has been GI and liver. He now has severe ensephagitis, gastritis, 4 ulcers and NAFLD (fatty liver disease). He has also gained over 50 lbs. Not just teenage pounds. I was also told when he started the Clozaril, it isn&#039;t really approved for patients under 18. Too late now."
"I have been dealing with Crohn&#039;s Disease for around ten years now and I was only properly diagnosed 2 yrs ago. I have received Remicade infusions every four weeks for the last year and it has made a very significant improvement in my everyday life. I no longer need to take pain meds to get through the day and my energy levels are closer to normal then they have been in years. Before Remicade it had got to the point where I could barely walk due to lower back and hip pain all related to Crohn&#039;s."
"I decided to switch from the pill to Mirena because I was not great at remembering to take the pill and I am 21 and not ready to have a baby, so I wanted something I could not forget to take. I went online and read reviews and almost did not go through with it because even though there were some great reviews, the bad ones terrified me, especially because I had a lot of problems on multiple birth control pills before (depression, mood swings, sore breasts, etc). The initial procedure for me was not bad at all, and the pain was less than a normal period cramp. Since then I have had no pain and no adverse side effects, and I have nothing but great things to say. So much better than the pill, and honestly the best decision I have made about bc"
"Within the first few days of starting Savella the pain in my arms and legs had disappeared and I was more alert during the day.  I had slight nausea and sadness as I completed the titration process, but these symptoms did eventually go away.   One of the best things that happened during this time was that my weight stabilized after steadily gaining for 6 months due to the constant exhaustion.  Unfortunately my neck and back pain initially worsened but returned to my personal base line after a few weeks.  This pain has not gone away, but stayed with me.  My only problem may be something unique to me - It took away my drive to be active.  I finally have the energy, but now have no desire.  Wish I knew how to work this out."
"it is just a magic. it takes you back to the time you had never smoked..."
"Chewing Tobacco, yep, it is working for this too!  I was pessimistic because there is not much info in the way of chew/dip.  Marketing and reviews are highly aimed toward smoking/smokers.  I chewed days 1-7 and stopped day 8 as indicated for smokers.  Not a single dip since.  Craving is at most once per day, but is gone within 30 seconds.  I have been on Chantix x 13 days and look forward to being a former dipper (forever).  The downside for me is transient nausea.  Not enough to even think about stopping this miracle medicine.  As a healthcare professional myself, reading the mechanism of action really makes sense.  I just hope that all my nicotinic receptors forget that I have dipped since I was 11 years old.  Just give it a shot..It works!"
"About 3 months ago out of no where I had a severe panic attack and was rushed to hospital thinking it was a heart attack which it was not but the next day I woke up with severe anxiety, it was horrible. I tried natural remedies but nothing worked and was afraid of SSRIs because of the side effects, after some research I asked to try Buspar,  it took over 2 months and playing with the dosage, I take 10 mg morning, 7.5mg afternoon and night time. I finally feel like the constant dialogue in my head is settled down to a point where I can function,  hoping it just gets better from here on in. I have had no side effects at all,  it may take a while for this medicine to work but stick with it. I think it&#039;s worth it."
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for 2 years now and want it out so bad!  I&#039;m super moody and my sex drive has gone way down.  My boyfriend for 5 years has noticed me not really into it anymore.  I got the Implanon when I was 17 and now I&#039;m almost 20.  I was very active so my doctor told me to not worry about a period it shouldn&#039;t come back until I get it out. Wrong! I have been bleeding since the day I got it in. I will get a few months with no period, then maybe spotting for like 4 days. Sometimes I&#039;ll bleed for one day. The worst is the long heavy periods. Every 2-3 months I&#039;ll get a period for about 20-25 days. Right now I&#039;m bleeding and it&#039;s my 22 day of non stop.  It works for not getting you pregnant though."
"Omg so I took the pills. But I did eat some panera bread before I took them. Currently writing this while I&#039;m on the toilet! My butt  burns bad! I didn&#039;t throw up but I felt like it. But I did run to the toilet. Thought I was done. I showered and laid down. And them BOOM! Back on the toilet. "
"Please keep in mind when reading these reviews that every person is different and every experience with medication is unique. I have been on Nuvaring for a little over 1 year. I loved it for the convenience of not needing to remember to take a pill daily. However, I did notice the &quot;belly bloat&quot; about 6-7 months into taking it. I was almost concerned I was pregnant. I have always been lean, and I&#039;m in my mid 20s. My weight and size are fairly consistent. Now, I&#039;m at 12 months in (definitely not pregnant by the way) and I finally am noticing an overall weight gain in addition to my belly bloat. Total, about 10-15 lbs. I loved this method but my self confidence is suffering, so I am stopping (and hoping I see a change, as I am very active!)."
"I&#039;ve been on Brisdelle 8 days and I feel like a new woman. No hot flashes in 5 days, my mood is MUCH better, no night sweats and no crying. I hope it last...I&#039;m so glad my doctor prescribed this."
"I received my 2nd shot yesterday. I&#039;ve been a heavy opiate mostly heroin IV user for 13 years I was put in jail for 14 days to clean out for my 1st shot. Immediately after the shot I had no cravings. I was put on xanax for anxiety cuz its been super high. I have acne due to the shot. I get leg cramps. It saved my life"
"I was taking 60mg same time every day. It seemed to work better at controlling my GERD symptoms after about a month. But around the same time I developed debilitating diarrhea. I continued to take it for another month and the diarrhea didn&#039;t go away so I stopped taking it. It&#039;s only been a couple of days so far and it still hasn&#039;t gotten any better."
"I was terrified when Midrin was discontinued.  This was the medicine that replaced it, and I hoped it did just as well as Midrin did at knocking down the headaches.  It did!  I am terribly sensitive to caffeine, but the amount in this didn&#039;t cause a reaction in me.  I didn&#039;t notice much of any side effects other than a little fluffy-headedness.  Normally my migraines last a few days, and in the course of a headache episode I could take 30 or more Tylenol.  I usually take one Esgic as soon as my headache starts and that&#039;s the end.  One pill and hardly any discomfort, compared to 30 or more Tylenol that barely mask the pain."
"I have been taking Levora for about a year and a half now. It was definitely a rough start. I felt moody, like crazy moody, every single day for about a month when I started it. After that first month, it was smooth sailing. I love that it regulates my period. It comes on the same day, at the same time, every month (not to mention it only lasts 2-3 days and is super light!). I have experienced no weight gain and the only cramps I get are the day before my period, and the pain there is mild. Its a great option if you don&#039;t mind taking it every day. Oh, and did I mention it has done its job in preventing pregnancy."
"After battling the bottle for 30 years I am so Grateful that I found this. I tried everything from AA to SMART Recovery and to be honest while each program has it&#039;s good points they did not take away that urge to drink. This did. Instantly. Vivitrol has really been a blessing because it not only blocks the urge to use but it goes the extra step of blocking the high if you do drink  I was just a Garden variety alcoholic. I drank around the clock. I would even drink in the shower. The funny thing is I never bought into the disease model even while I was sober for years at a stretch. I would eventually pick up a drink because the urge, that voice, the Beast was always there. Not anymore! Vivitrol stopped the brain imbalance that MADE me drink."
"I am 27 yrs old and I&#039;ve been trying to get pregnant since February 2012. My last menstrual period was March 23, 2012 and I never had period after that. I&#039;ve been going to my Obgyn for the past 4 months and finally she prescribed me Provera for 10 days once a day pill. And i decided to use ovulation predictor kit 10 days before I took my 1st pill last June 13.2012. On my 3rd day of taking my pill my ovulation predictor went positive it gave me a smiley face. On my 4th day of Provera I experienced a very weird dreams, hot flashes, PMS, backache, a little dizzy. I had my last pill June 22, Friday and this is my 3 day off of it. I&#039;m hoping that I could get my period soon so that way I can start taking Clomid. "
"Trinessa was great at first! I have always had pretty good skin and it has not altered that. I did not gain weight and my period was lighter. Unfortunately, I experienced a lot more cons than pros. First, I noticed that I was unable to control my blood pressure. It was to the point where I almost needed pills for my blood pressure and I have never had problem previously. Aside from the blood pressure I was over emotional. I&#039;m a very outgoing person but I found it hard to be around others these past few months because I was annoying! I cried about everything. I was supremely jealous if my friends hung out without me, and I&#039;m never like that. I would get sad in the middle of the day or night with no explanation. I feel a tremendous change after stopping"
"Accutane has been a miracle drug for me. I have not had a single pimple since the 2nd month of treatment, and I&#039;ve been off it for just under a month. My acne, like others, was horrible before Accutane. Another thing to note, I had virtually zero side-effects, just a little bit of dryness around my mouth and lips. It was NOTHING like the horror stories you read about on the web. Just brush your lips with a toothbrush in the morning and at night and put some aquaphor/lip balm on after and you&#039;ll be fine for the whole day. I also always ate tons of healthy fats (grass-fed butter and meat, eggs, organic full-fat dairy, coconut butter, avocados, olive oil, macadamia nuts, and natural peanut butter) with my Accutane, so that may have helped too."
"This was a big change in life with 50 mg taken at night for one week then went to 25mg in am.   It&#039;s been 6 months and things are great.   I take also First Nutrients Nutrivie a natural plant base every day with 5 oz of water and that has been the best thing for depression and anxiety!    I wish more people new!   It gives you your life back.   Hoping everyone can feel good again."
"My daughter was diagnosed with ADHD in the 2nd grade and her doctor and I discussed different medications and settled on Concerta. Grades were never a problem, but behavior and socialization were. She hated the medication and would spit it out or hide it. It gave her headaches, loss of appetite and sleep loss. Eventually she began taking it regularly and began to do well in school. The behavior problems ceased as well as socialization. She took this medication for about 2 years and then I decided to pull her off. Her teacher didn&#039;t even notice and thought she was still taking the medication because she was so well adjusted and presented no serious issues. She never took meds again and learned to cope. She has ADHD but manages it other ways."
"I have been taking this medication for a few years.  I&#039;m not pregnant and my periods are predictable and relatively painless.  I haven&#039;t gained weight and my skin is good, but my sex drive is completely gone.  It&#039;s hurting my relationship with my husband."
"I was treated for clinical depression from age 18-40 using a variety of medications. I&#039;ve also struggled with alcoholism, drug and sex addiction most of my adult life. I had a period of six years&#039; solid sobriety beginning in the mid 90&#039;s but, even sober, battled with diagnosed clinical depression. At that time I was being treated with Serzone. The more the doctor increased the dosage the more depressed I would become. I obsessed on failed relationships, acted out sexually and financially in very risky ways. I finally changed Psychiatrists at the suggestion of my Therapist. The new doctor analyzed my symptoms and indicated that I had been misdiagnosed with clinical depression. His prognosis was Bipolar II Disorder accompanied by acute depression"
"I have been on Tri-Sprintec every single day, nonstop for about 6 or 7 years now. I have never really had any problems with it until now. I feel like it has been the cause of major migraines and headaches for the past year. I also feel like it is starting to cause slight anxiety and panic attacks. I am tired of my moods changing and feeling panicky and worried and anxious and I know its this pill. Maybe it&#039;s because I&#039;ve been on it so long? Don&#039;t know. I am thinking about switching to an IUD.  Other than the symptoms I am starting to feel now, I never had an issue the first few years on it. I actually felt great until now."
"Within 1 week of taking 1 tablet , my auditory hallucinations had nearly disappeared and then increased the amount to 1 1/2 tablets and was and am amazed this product. Its giving me my life back again......"
"So disappointed!!! I truly feel this did not work as well as the OTC med I was taking and at least the nighttime version had a sleep aid. Coughed for 3 solid hrs when I went to bed till my body just seemed to give up. Tonight I will just take my nighttime OTC product. Highly disappointed!!"
"I was getting migraines so badly I couldn&#039;t speak, it was happening so often it was affecting my job and life. I also suffered from headaches everyday for three years solid.. My doc gave me a prescription for nortriptyline and I haven&#039;t had a headache since, I sleep well, I wake up alert, my life has changed so much because of this medicine. It&#039;s cheap and effective and it&#039;s given in such a low dose for migraine prevention, that I didn&#039;t have to suffer any of the symptoms."
"I took it before going to bed 11pm and woke up around 3am with excruitiang back pain and stomach pain. I was literally on the floor breathing like I was in active labor. The pain was getting worse by the second and then I started sweating so badly that my pj&#039;s and hair were literally soaked and it was dripping off of my face and chest. I couldn&#039;t tell if I was going to throw up, poop or if I was having a legit heartattack. I couldn&#039;t even yell for help to my sleeping husband because I was in so much pain. I was honestly scared at this point because I&#039;ve taken Exlax and never had this sort of reaction. I started to push and massage my abdomen which helped alleviate a little bit of the pain/cramping that I was having."
"Have been using this medication since I was 10 year old. I am now 16 years old."
"I started taking Propranolol 4 months ago for Migraines primarily as well as high blood pressure. I am 5&#039;1&quot; and weigh 106lbs and have not experienced any weight gain. It bothers me that people say they gain weight from a pill.  Unless that pill is increasing your appetite it just can&#039;t happen.  Weight gain is natural science.  What you put in opposed to what you expend.  You can not be seditary and not gain weight.  The migraines are gone as well as the blood pressure.  All and all I think it is an excellent drug except for the fact my sex drive is not very good."
"Was so excited to try Effexor XL and did for the past 6 years.  Well, I didn&#039;t realize that it made me anhedonia, or without feeling towards a lot of things.  I just went on my merry way, but would do nothing....sat and watched TV, couldn&#039;t get anything done.  Everything was just Great!.....that is what I thought....then I started gaining weight......gradually, but I mean 60-70# over the past 6 years or so.....but just kept on eating.   Then I thought I have to do something about this.  I gradually took myself off, but WOW the side effects of the withdrawl was unbelievable.  My son told me never to do that again...and I told him see.....this medication has so changed me.....and I will never take that again....!Trying to lose this weight now"
"I started prestiq on Tuesday July 5th 2016 again. And I have lost 9lbs already. I feel less depressed however I&#039;ve been on it before and I will warn you do not skip taking it. The withdrawals are HELL!!"
"I wish I could echo all the positive stories mentioned in this string of comments but...I have had some inconvenient side effects including: double vision, fatigue (even with regular exercise, somewhat healthy diet, and a healthy amount of sleep each night) and major hostility, particularly with those close to me.  Maybe my dosage isn&#039;t right but I am not sure I want to stick with it.  I take it in addition to a fairly low dose of Lamictal."
"my husband was put on this drug for anxiety and depression. He started on 5mg then went up to 10 mg but then they put it up to 30 mg and he started getting very aggressive not sleeping at night and he has got a lot wosre than he ever was.. hospital took him off this drug and also said that they had had some complaints about this."
"I have spent a lot of time and so many trial an errors with birth controls. I swear I tried them all! A girl I worked with went on the Implanon and told me how much she hated it and everything negative. I did a lot of research and thought I would give it a try. Everyone&#039;s experience is different so you cannot base yours on someones experience! I got the Implanon in September and its November now. I for the first time in my LIFE can say I have light periods, minimum to no cramping, zero mood swings and my sex drive is normal! Everything I haven&#039;t been able to say since I was 16yrs old. I&#039;m truly glad I did it! On small negative though I have been spotting for about 3 1/2 weeks now. Its nothing major at all, barely anything but enough to notice. I&#039;m definitely ready for this to end."
"My son started this 8 weeks ago. It has been a miracle. He has ADHD, BIPOLAR 2, ODD, and being tested for TBI. This has made his impulsivity manageable . We have had no side effects. We have stayed at 2 mg. We are on quite a few other medicines also. But since we have started this medicine we have not had any CPEP visits or inpatient stays. Prior to this medicine in 1 year we had 6 inpatients and 12 CPEP. His other medicines worked but we could not stop his impulse factor which was putting his life in danger. I have my son back we can actually have a conversation again."
"I have struggled with stomach issues my entire life. I started viberzi 3 weeks ago and it has been great. I do have some side effects though. Constipation  and gas lead to some abdominal cramps, but nothing like before. I experience a muscle &quot;soreness/achiness&quot; in the back of my neck and arms about 30 minute after I take each dose, but it only lasts a short while. Nothing that is really bothersome. Viberzi has given me a life I never had. I can leave my house and travel without any nervousness over being sick and I also have been able to be more productive at work. I am so excited to have found something to help me live a normal life."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for about 10 months now.  At first the side effects were difficult because I felt nauseous, dizzy, had brain zaps, constipation, and my dreams were crazy.  Luckily I did not quit within the first 2 weeks and the side effects mostly subsided.  Cymbalta has really helped with my anxiety and depression.  I was on 30mg then 60mg.  The first couple months were the best with no anxiety at all but slowly it started to come back. My dose has just been raised to 90mg and am also on Wellbutrin.  Not perfect and I don&#039;t want to keep raising the dose but Cymbalta has really improved my daily life and relationships with others."
"I was extremely hungover and was vomiting for about 14 hours non-stop before being prescribed Zofran. I know it seems silly to get medication for a hangover, but I was becoming dangerously dehydrated from the binge drinking and heavy vomiting, as I was unable to keep even a sip of water down. Not even ten minutes after taking the medicine (dissolvable pills), I already felt significant relief from the nausea, and therefore the vomiting as well. A bit expensive, but completely worth it."
"I&#039;ve been taking fluoxetine (Sarafem) for PMDD for about 8 years now.  I just recently was upped from 10 to 20 mg after symptoms of PMDD started to come back.  That jump in dosage was enough to get me back on track and feeling better. I recommend this drug for sufferers of PMDD."
"Ocella was the first contraceptive birth control I tried, and I thought I was going crazy because of its side effects. As a generally happy and healthy woman, I was so confused and lost as to why I&#039;d suddenly turned into someone that couldn&#039;t stand to get out of bed, I cried ALL THE TIME. It could be the tiniest of things that would elicit tears, but it was constant. I shut almost everyone but my boyfriend at the time out, and was so depressed I didn&#039;t even know what to do. This lasted 6 months before my mom forced me to stop it, of which I am very thankful for. Ocella made me a different person, sure, it did it&#039;s job in keeping me from getting pregnant, but the girl it made me into is not worth that protection. "
"I must say, having tried Lidoderm gel, lidocaine patches, and many others. I have to be honest, these patches are amazing, I got a real mad torn meniscus &amp; was in unbearable pain. Pain meds didn&#039;t even help, but this patch was amazing in it&#039;s effectiveness. I got a sample from my pain management Dr., &amp; just decided to use it thinking it can&#039;t hurt, so glad I did, MIRACLES. Note: the pain med was only Lortab but it most definitely aided in the dealing with of the pain. 
The only draw back, which was a big one, but pain is under control but you cannot mix other NSAID w/ this like Advil, aspirin, etc.. 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!   
I&#039;m scared to find out their cost, I have a script for them but if the lidocaine was exactly 10$ each patch, likely more $"
"For breakthrough migraine pain, it&#039;s the only thing that&#039;s effective for me. Always take Imitrex ASAP, but Fioricet #3 does the trick for me with no negative side effects.."
"I was offered sertraline (Zoloft) after a relapse of Generalized Anxiety Disorder which brought with it a severe case of Pure-o intrusive thoughts of the harm variety. These thoughts were ruining my life and making me depressed. I was prescribed 50mg per day. The first 3 days were hell with a huge increase in fatigue, depression and intrusive thoughts. I almost gave up it was that bad. I was using diazepam 2mg In those first 3 days and thought they weren&#039;t playing nice with the Zoloft so I stopped them. I saw instant improvement after doing so. Now I am 7 days in and have had the best day ever. My intrusive thoughts are far fewer and far easier to simply dismiss. Amazed."
"I am 54 and have been on Androgel for 4 months.1%.  I have gone from number 84 to 450.  My Dr. said the 1% is a low does and that I am doing great and it will continue.  My nipples stick out which I have never had.  Erections most of the day, which I like.  I have started weights, pushups and situps and feeling wonderful.  I was depressed but felt it was from my mother&#039;s death and my health had really taken a beating.  Personally I feel better than I have in the last 5 years.  So glad I had the test.  Also most of my body hair has come back."
"I bought Monistat 3 and just like everyone else on here, I am on fire. The first night, I was on the bathroom floor crying and scratching, it was the worst pain I&#039;ve ever been in. The next day, my symptoms were nearly all gone, so I figured the medication was working, so I used the second dose and I regretted it so badly.

UPDATE!!! I&#039;m now on day 3. I noticed that on the previous days, the burning was only on the external vagina, so I put vaseline all over the area before inserting the cream so it doesn&#039;t touch my skin. So far, this is working and I don&#039;t feel anything."
"I&#039;ve had two knee replacement&#039;s since 2005 (same knee) and two surgery&#039;s on foot for Mortons Neuroma. I&#039;ve had nothing but problems with both and have been in moderate to severe pain since 2005. After my Doc tried several medicines for pain the only thing that has worked was Percocet. I&#039;ve been on it for several years however I quit for a month and a half and now I&#039;m back on it. I&#039;m taking 3 a day and It&#039;s absolutely amazing how I can work and function normally while on this. I also believe that not only does it relieve the pain but I&#039;m alert and have so much more energy and I&#039;m able to remain productive at 60 years old. I sleep like a baby at night too. Great Stuff."
"I hate cold sores. I have gotten them sporadically for years and have tried it all. I had taken acyclovir pills and found that they did not help once the sore had broken the skin. Yesterday I woke up with a sore forming and FREAKED. I have a black tie event this weekend and needed it GONE. I ran to my Dr. and took my first dose of Valtrex around 11am. I did notice that it didn&#039;t really get bigger, but it wasn&#039;t disappearing. I took my second dose and went to sleep, this morning I woke up and while the sore is still there, it&#039;s already scabbed and MUCH better. I think it should be in a great place tomorrow for my event. While it didn&#039;t clear it up completely - it helped SO much in 24 hours. Now I can at least use some concealer!"
"Drysol works.  I tried other non prescription brands on the market with absolutely no positive results.  Drysol has been life changing for me.  I can wear what I want without being concerned with soaking through a shirt.  The only side effect I have experienced is the burning for the first 3 or so days of use, but trust me its worth it.  After the first few days, there isn&#039;t any discomfort.  "
"I think if you already had some underlying issue like I had, teribble pms and painful periods, and you felt terrible mood swings etc without BC, then this pill seems to work well. It seems like women who have minor pms and such don&#039;t do well with this one. But I have felt amazing since starting it. I barely have a period and no pms. No PMS !!!! I haven&#039;t had any mood issues or hormonal issues since starting it . I have noticed my breast more full which is welcome. Only real side effect was naseau for the first 1.5 weeks in morning and evening which wasnt fun. I feel great on it."
"I have been using Epiduo for a week now. I have combination skin, but mostly oily and I&#039;m 17 years old. I have mild acne but I just wanted to get ride of it completely. Since I have only been using it for a week my rating is a 5. I put it on every night and my skin surprisingly has not been very very dry. It does make my sensitive skin more red though and I started to see an improvement but then it pretty much making me breakout but that&#039;s the process of cleaning out your pores so I&#039;m excited to see the results when it becomes a full month or 2 months. I recommend using this because I have high hopes for this product."
"When I first started taking this pill it worked great!  The first few months my period was lighter, only 2-3 days of non heavy bleeding.   I also lost 25lbs. Then around the 4th month I started getting break through bleeding that last for days and heavier periods, after reading these other comments now I know what has been causing the mood swings. The only positive is the weight loss."
"I am a 61 year old female who smoked since I was 18 (about a pack a day).  Over the years I had tried to quit with everything and anything available.  In Sep 14 I used Chantix to successfully quit and I was successful for 9 months.  In Jun 15 my husband had a heart attack and I used it as an excuse to start smoking again.  Chantix worked wonders the first time so I am trying again.  One week without a cigarette and I&#039;m feeling great.  Only side effects are a little nausea if I don&#039;t eat and some vivid (not scary) dreams.  I know I&#039;m going to beat this addiction once and for all this time thanks to Chantix!!!!"
"Recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Doc put me on 2.5 mg, with little results but side effects. Raised it to 5mg and I feel worse. I am using sample packs and insurance will not cover. I have noticed improvement in my sugar levels but I have felt worse now having started the pills. Nausea, soft stool, headache, dizzy. All of these and sugar reads only 152. Also, I don&#039;t feel rested when I&#039;m sleeping."
"I had muscle spasms from sleeping on my stomach and I couldn&#039;t function much at all.  I told my doctor I needed something to relieve the pain but something I could function on at work and while driving.  She prescribed this and I love it.  The only thing I can tell from it whenever I take is relief of my spasms.  No drowsiness or loopiness for me."
"06/23/17 first day.  I&#039;m so sensitive to medications I&#039;m praying this one works I&#039;m 5&#039;4&quot; 263lbs.  I have tried everything.  Please let this work"
"2 pills still itchy. Feel nauseated and have stomach cramps."
"Outstanding product. Works really well. Easy to use. Worth every dollar."
"Nexplanon BEST birth control EVER!! You definitely won&#039;t be having any kids with this thing! Thank you Nexplanon for taking away my complete desire to have sex. Wasting all my money on tampons because Aunt Flow is here to stay. Oh, and ruining my relationship.. Also don&#039;t touch me don&#039;t talk to me or you might get slapped. Guess it&#039;s doing its job.."
"This medicine increased my mood within a matter of days. However, when I increased my dosage from 10 mg to 20 mg in the start pack, I got violently sick, nausea then extreme vomiting with a headache. Worse than any hangover that I have ever had. The problems lasted for 2 days and eventually diminished to a headache. When I started taking the medication I notice that a numbness in my arms and shoulders at night and stiff joints in the morning. When I stopped the medicine the muscle stiffness and joints decreased. I was on the medicine for almost a month and still have the stiff joints and muscle aches.  I was an endurance athlete and this type of pain was different."
"My 11 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD inattentive in August 2010 and we tried Concerta 36mg and it did nothing. The pediatrician prescribed Vyvanse 40mg to start, and what a difference! My son can now listen, focus, pay attention, concentrate at home and at school and can better manage his behaviors, thoughts and words. We are very happy with the results. He didn&#039;t lose appetite or weight, and has no side effects thus far. We are more than happy to have found a prescription that works for him so that he can function normally on a day to day basis."
"I&#039;m going on my 3rd week taking this and for me it has caused, In  the first week or two, a lowered libido (sex drive) and vaginal dryness.. and I&#039;m 16!! even when I&#039;m with my bf and I&#039;m turned on, I&#039;m not even really wet at all.. and this causes irritating and painful sex unless you have lube. Before this I had no problem getting wet. This is the first brith control I&#039;ve ever been on so I don&#039;t know if all this is supposed to go away after a couple or few months but honestly I don&#039;t think it&#039;s worth it. I&#039;ve also been experiencing breast tenderness (usually in the morning, it feels like I&#039;m going through puberty all over again lol) perhaps and little bit of breast enlargement (which hey, I&#039;m not complaining about) and abit of mood swings"
"I had to mirena placed in two weeks ago and I haven&#039;t stop bleeding since then. Very frustrated since it was put in to stop the bleeding. Still deciding what to do."
"They were prescibed for chronic pain in the nerves, they leave you impotent. They don&#039;t work and they are the worst drugs to get off. Like ssri&#039;s people need to start complaining about all the negative side effects of all these new drugs like trazodone as well. If you read this &quot;You have been warned&quot; they are very addicting and you will spend a lot of time trying to get off this crap that doesn&#039;t work. They all need to be sued in a class action lawsuit."
"Fiorinal has helped my Migraines better than anything else I have tried.  I have not
had any side effects at all."
"My daughter used the NuvaRing for 18 months and now she&#039;s not here to tell other women about it.  She died from a pulmonary embolism from using the NuvaRing.  She had no side effects to warn her, she died instantly.  She was only 19 physically fit and did not smoke.  Do not use the NuvaRing it increases your chances of having a blood clot which could be fatal.  There are much safer birth control methods."
"Total thyroidectomy in 2004 due to Papillary Thyroid Cancer. T4 monotherapy alone was horrible. I have been on Liothyronine since February and have regained my life."
"Been on it for 3 months.  At first it was worse. The panick attacks and anxiety. Then it was like my brain flipped the switch. I feel so much better. Im 30 and started getting anxiety at 22. I never wanted meds.  Fought hard and tried everything natural.  Finally I gave in.  I&#039;m so happy now. I am not afraid of my own shadow anymore.  I think I may have put on 3lbs from it, but as long as it stops there.  Or it could be all the cookies. Give it a try.  I&#039;m not cured, but I NEVER want to go off Zoloft."
"Geodon has taken away SOME of the delusions/paranoia. Yet, it has made me angry and mean, and has caused me to gain weight. Recommend it for a short period of time- NOT longterm."
"I get Humira from the VA and have been on it for a couple of years.  I only inject about once a month even though I am suppose to use it once every two weeks.  It works well, but I am concerned about side effects.  I got Shingles once after taking the shot.  I am assuming because it lowers my immune system.  However, it is  worth the risk overall and significantly has reduce my pain and pretty much stopped the  progression.  I also take Piroxicam daily."
"I had the insertion on April 19, 2017. As expected, the procedure was uncomfortable and caused some cramping that lasted for the day. I had been struggling with acne breakouts prior to getting the IUD and the breakouts have definitely subsided. Only downside is that almost 2 months later, I am still bleeding. Although it is light, still very inconvenient and annoying,"
"I have used Kimite patches on 3 separate occasions. The first I used multiple patches for 8 consecutive days with no side effects whilst wearing the patch however, for the week following removal, I experienced dizziness and headaches. On the second and third occasions I only used one patch for a duration of 3 days each time (which is a patchs maximum longetivity) and I had no side effects. I still rate this medication highly as without my Kimite I wouldn&#039;t be able to travel long distances due to the severity of my motion sickness."
"I&#039;ve been on norvasc a couple years. It&#039;ll does keep my BP down. Biggest issue is fatigue. No energy at all I&#039;ve been depressed  I thought the fatigue was causing the depression. ?? Doc sent me to get some tests because of the fatigue. Waiting results."
"Prescribed by my doctor two yrs ago for acute sinus inflamations. He suggested I use immediately when feeling onset symptoms. It woks wonders. Somewhat pricey, but much better than full-blown sinus infection anyday. I highly recommend."
"Lost 9 pds on second week now and I watch everything I eat I read my labels alot more I know its important to watch all that you eat because since I been doing it along with the diet pill I lost 9pds and I&#039;m only on my second week. I don&#039;t know if I want to increase the dose I like the 2 a day. Every time I take a pill I drink 16ounces of water with it then I wait and eat 1 hour later so with good discipline you will be successful I believe"
"I was in Mexico and spent the whole day drinking at the pool (I think they did not wash glasses properly and I contracted it there). I went for dinner and just as I finished my meal I licked my lips and right away could feel the tingle, then bit my bottom lip where it was and had that very sharp pain. Could tell right away, having had several when I was younger. A single small blister had formed on my lip already and luckily I carry Abreva everywhere so I put some of that on right away. Next day it had &quot;popped&quot;, I soaked that and put more Abreva. Was starting to heal and crust within 2 days. This is why the ladies in my family carry it everywhere. You have to use it straight away to stop the spreading, but its a life saver."
"I took this drug awhile back, I was on it for 3 years. I don&#039;t recall ever having side effects while initially starting or during taking it over time. This drug seemed to help my depression and anxiety significantly, probably more than I actually realized at the time. Only problem I had was, if I missed a dose I&#039;d be hit with massive emotional distress. Crying over the stupidest things rather it was positive or negative crying. My emotions were intense. After a long time without medicine now, trying to beat depression and anxiety on my own and being somewhat successful for an extended period of time I&#039;ve been contemplating using it again. I&#039;ve tried almost all of these meds, and this is the one that&#039;s worked for me the most."
"I was prescribed gabapentin a year and a half ago for Vulvodynia.  Initially, gabepentin did not help with the burning.  I had to go way beyond 2000 mgs.  Once the dose was increased, it definitely helped with the burning nerve pain. I would say it cut my pain by about 60%. Unfortunately, I have had to add other medicines to gabapentin overtime to help with the burning pain.  I added Lyrica and then Cymbalta.  I&#039;m on 3600 mgs of gabapentin along with the other two medications.  My burning is pretty bad again.  Gabapentin worked for awhile but, now I need to switch medicines.  I had no side effects on this medicine."
"I have been using Aviane for 4 months now. When I first started I had my period twice that month. They said it was just breakthrough bleeding but I am still having 2 periods a month. I have horrible headaches and I get moody right around the time I start my period(s). I am not able to lose weight and I&#039;ve had a decrease in sex drive. However my skin is great!"
"It has really helped with urges and no real side effects I can tell except for more vivid dreams, not bad dreams, just more vivid and more memorable. Would recommend for anyone who REALLY wants to quit smoking."
"Before I got my Mirena I did a lot of research and was so nervous... actually afraid to get it. The day of my appointment came and I was freaking out... come to find out it didn&#039;t hurt a bit. I literally talked through the whole procedure expecting to feel some kind of pain and my doctor said ALL DONE. It was more a pap smear than an insertion and then they trim the strings, it was so simple and I didn&#039;t feel no cramping or spotting. Everyone is different though."
"I have used solydyne in the past, two different dosages. They worked at first then stopped working. Again they the increased dosage, even that stopped working. Then i was put on bactrim. The nice thing about bactrim for me was that it worked every time you use. I was give a strong prescription 100mg twice daily. And then 50mg twice daily for an year.

The nice thing about bactrim is you see it working. The acne where it used to be becomes dried out and you feel that the meds are working. With others i have seen it disappear and then appear again. With bactrim it was just really clean. I have recently started doxycyline and it has not worked so far. Not a bit. It does seemed working the first week but not any more."
"I thought I needed an antidepressant, so I tried a couple. Paxil for me had terrible side effects. I felt like I was on speed.  Had to eat every two hours. I could not go anywhere; always had to have snacks with me and I lost weight even with the calorie increase.  Insomnia was the worst.  I could not even take 10 mg.  I tried the medication for about 7 weeks and decided it was not for me and began a weaning off process.  Reduced to 5 mg for 1 week, this was the hardest and caused the most side effects which included vertigo, nausea and insomnia which lasted about 2 days.  Then I reduced to 2.5 mg for another week and a half.  Stopped taking it completely after this and did fine with no side effects."
"I was diagnosed with acute bronchitis with dry cough, wheezing, chest pain, fever &amp; fatigue. Within a day of taking Biaxin the pain &amp; fever  was gone. The coughing and fatigue lasted a week. The only side effect was an unpleasant aftertaste which was minor. Overall the drug worked pretty well."
"Absolutely saved my life. After having severe facial pain for 3 months and not one doctor could diagnose me... I started have bad anxiety and depression. I was always that person that was so against anti depressants and anxiety medicine. My family kept telling me I needed to do something so I finally decided to take Lexapro! I have been on it for a little over 2 months and it was the best decision I&#039;ve made. It has made me mentally relax and when any issues arise I&#039;m able to think about it calmly and rationally, when before I would panic over everything. The first week the side effects were pretty bad, so make sure you take an anxiety medication with it.               (For 2 weeks -1 month) until the side effects disappear. Highly recommend"
"I was severely depressed. I walked into my doctor&#039;s office in tears. She put me on Celexa 20 mg a day. I am a new woman... it actually helped within the first few hours. I have had sime mild side effects."
"I was sweating all the time and had to shower/change up to 6 times a day. Used the DrySol 3 nights in a row, under arms, feet, even top of legs and under belly. When dry, I put plastic over all areas, covered feet with socks, wore nightie with sleeves, undies held-in plastic at top of legs. The idea is to use at bedtime in this manner, so the product doesn&#039;t rub-off AND because this is when the sweat glands are most dormant. Now I only need it twice a week. I use regular deodorant in the morning. Keep in mind: 1) You only need a very small amount to prevent burning your skin 2)Otherwise it must be washed off. 3) Dab under arms ONLY where hair grows. Don&#039;t use after shaving! I can now wear tops TWICE and can wear regular shoes.  DrySol, you&#039;re the best!"
"This is a miracle pill.  Migraines used to ruin my life. I couldnt go out with friends or enjoy life.  I would be out of work.  I take this pill and within 45 minutes I am feeling great.  I even get this feeling of euphoria.  I&#039;m just thrilled my pain is over!  I never have a side effect with this medication other than being a little sleepy which I definitely don&#039;t mind at all.  I have taken many other migraine pills and this by far has the least side effects and works the best.  I am so happy I found this pill."
"Works great and fast.  Very expensive."
"I started this medicine mainly to regulate my period and help with cramps (it was initially very helpful with the cramps but got less effective over several years). It also helped clear up my skin. I had pretty positive results with Gianvi all around. Unfortunately I was switched to Vestura, which seems the same but it is really hard to swallow the pills. Their edges are sharper than Gianvi."
"The ONLY medicine that has resulted in my numbers being normal after many years on Lipitor-Niacin regimen. Added Zetia to the mix every night.  Effects - light-headed and loose stools in mornings every day. Small price to pay for good health, but, yes, BIG price for the medicine."
"I have been taking Luvox since 1998.  I always knew something was strange about the way I acted growing up lol.  As I grew up, married, and had a child, life became very scary to me.  I worried constantly, fearing death for those around me.  I suddenly had an episode of what is referred to as an anxiety attack.  I thought I was dying... it was a horrible experience, and before I finally went to a social worker seeking help (and that was very hard for me  to  admit to myself) I&#039;d had a couple more of these anxiety/panic attacks... So... the social worker diagnosed me with OCD.  She worked along with my M.D. whom I still see to this day and trust very much &amp; decided to give the medication she recommended to him for me a try.  ... continued"
"I have ADD, Attention Deficit Disorder, Fatigue, and Low Motivation. I also have Major Depression. If I didn&#039;t have adderall my dad would mostly see me staying in bed all day sleeping or just thinking. Adderall helps me a lot, it gets my brain actually working. It makes me want to do the things I loved before I was depressed and it kinda helps with the fatigue. My legs still feel tired 24/7 but I can move when I&#039;m on Adderall."
"Valtrex is the only one that worked for me. This the best and the only one."
"femhrt took away my hot flashes within a week but the acne was unbearable. Stopped taking it."
"Didn&#039;t help symptoms at all.  

Side Effects:
1.  Really blurry vision
2.  Felt dead inside."
"After reading these reviews here, and being a very anxious person - I did not want to take this. I took Doxycycline instead and it did not clear up the Chlamydia. 

I bit the bullet and got the one day Azithromycin (250mg x4) pack to take in one dose. I ate it with a bagel and cream cheese and hoped for the best.

The worst that happened was crazy stomach noises, no pain. No diarrhea, no shakes, no fever, no sweating. Nothing else. I feel great today. 

So, take these reviews with a grain of salt. I maybe wouldn&#039;t chance it and take this stuff at work, but before bed - definitely."
"Cymbalta has been a life saver for my Fibromyalgia pain. I can function now, it is great."
"Oh my god!! This medication is amazing. It&#039;s turned me into a brand new person. The debilitating swelling/stiffness in my knees, pain and grinding in my shoulders are ENTIRELY gone. The stiffness and lack of movement in my spine is very slowly getting better. I&#039;ve been on it 3 weeks and I&#039;m so much better. It took a very long time (3 years) and 6 Rheumatologists to finally get a doc to agree to trial me on a TNF inhibitor. The injection site reaction is super sucky. It have a big red itchy/burning rash where I inject for a 3-4 days after. I&#039;ve made up a great cream to treat the symptoms, but gonna ask the Doc if I can switch to prefilled syringes."
"I find if you were on a birth control before Loseasonique you will already have the hormones in your system and will have less side effects!"
"I am in my 30&#039;s and have hormonal acne.  I have issues with my thyroid and produce too much androgen.   Thank goodness for this stuff!!!  It took a month or so to work but I&#039;m so thankful not to have cystic chin acne.  I have suffered on and off since my teens.   Usually always have a few cystic bulbs on my chin, cheeks, or neck.  I was supposed to use this RX along with oral antibiotics but they made me too sick so I didn&#039;t use them.  This topical RX did the job for me.   I&#039;ve tried so many things."
"Once it is in your system, the side effects are not so strong.  For me it went from severe dizziness and basically &quot;knocking me out&quot;..to no side effects.  I also woke up severally drowsy and thought why take this if I can&#039;t function the next day?  But, I got to a point where I was not sleeping at all, so I kept trying this drug and it got better.  I was able to get some sleep and not have harsh side effects.  I want to take this short term to get back on track on my own.  I am scheduled to see a sleep dr..but until then I will have to take this."
"It was to help me with my headaches. It did at first then I started with headaches everyday again and made my legs ache. So I stopped taking it. Also made me dizzy."
"This pill has allowed me to get some much needed sleep. I get flare-ups for bursitis in my shoulder about twice a year and when it happens if I roll over onto that shoulder I want to scream and I&#039;m awake the rest of the night. Even putting on a shirt is terrible. The only other pain I&#039;ve been through that was worse were kidney stones. Please be smart and take this medicine like you are supposed to. "
"I have noticed no difference in stream (5ml when I took the flow test) after 3 days using, and am unable to ejaculate. 25y/o male."
"I&#039;ve been taking doxycycline for almost two weeks after being diagnosed with pelvic inflammatory disease. It makes you pee excessively and constipates you. But you will start to see the effects take hold within days. I&#039;m now experiencing severe gas. I was nauseous in the beginning but that subsided after a week. Overall its a pain but it works. Don&#039;t lay down for an hour after taking it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Macrobid for urinary tract infections for years with no problem, it always worked really fast. This time I got a severe headache within an hour of taking the first pill, I didn&#039;t connect it to the Macrobid and took the second dose which was a big mistake.  The headache was like a migraine and took two days to go away. "
"I&#039;m 52, female, HIV+, Cancer survivor, Liver Transplant Recipient.
I was one of the people who studied this medication through clinical trials. I tried all the other treatments, but none of them cleared the Hep C. During the trials, a slightly different combo of this medicine worked within 4 weeks. As my liver was already severely damaged, I developed cirrhosis, then cancer, then I had a transplant. After 3 months Hep C was detected in the new liver. I was immediately placed on Harvoni. I&#039;ve cleared within 4 weeks again! 
I do have side effects. The main one is headache. Then nausea, slight fatigue and the occasional throw up session (which lasts only a few minutes, then I&#039;m fine). 
I do get a dizzy feeling, but it is not a problem at all."
"Works like a charm and I have zero side effects.  I feel much better."
"If you take it at the onset of the migraine, it&#039;s a phenomenal medication. Saved my soul."
"You need to check your hormones with blood work to make sure they are all level. After using depo tesoesterone for a while.you will start feeling side effects you never got before. Also you might have to donate your blood testosterone will give you a high red blood cell count which it&#039;s not good. When you notice your test shots are not giving you the most like it used to you have high estrogen levels and prolactin levels too. you will need to take arimidex to bring it down. You will know when it&#039;s time the side effects are terrible. vitamin D is recommended while taking depo testerone it&#039;s a must."
"I&#039;ve been on Suboxone for 5 days now and I have been taking 40 to 50 pills a day of 15 to 30 mg of oxycodone that&#039;s 800 mg a day addiction. Suboxone has helped so much. Very few side effects for me, some chills and a little diarrhea. I use Benadryl to be able to sleep, but that&#039;s it. Tomorrow will be day 6 without anything, will keep you posted. Past 2 days I took only 1/2 a pill so maybe that&#039;s why I felt a little withdrawal symptoms but that&#039;s better than increasing Suboxone dose. Good luck to everyone and use it only to detox."
"I have used Edex for over 3 years.  
Very positive in that it almost never fails to give me a nice hard, durable erection within a few minutes with stimulation, maybe 2 &quot;erection fails&quot; in several hundred uses.  The injections are painless and very easy to get used to. cost per dose is very small.
Not so positive is that for about 2 years I have had a difficult time reaching orgasm and when I do it often is only after very hard, intense, prolonged stimulation, almost never through intercourse alone.
Mr Urologist insists that the orgasm issue is all in my head, that the medication is giving me the erection as it is supposed to, but that there must be some other issues involved."
"I took this for 1 week and not only did it do nothing for my muscle spasms but it made me depressed. I had never been like this in my life!!! Thankfully I realized what was happening and stopped taking them immediately. So, ineffective and severe side effect. Not taking ever again. "
"I&#039;m going on my third month of Nuvaring. I have had about a four pound weight gain (I attribute it to my eating habits), increased moodiness, and my acne has progressively worsened. However, this is the best and most convenient birth control method I have had. My sex drive has not decreased, no vaginal irritation but excessive lubrication, my period lasts 2-3 days, and no spotting while ring is inserted. My breasts are tender around the second to third week, but nothing severe. Additionally, during my second month I did have a case of nausea and vomiting for about two days; I&#039;m not sure where this stemmed from though. Overall, I give Nuvaring a thumbs up for me."
"I don&#039;t recommend HCG prescription injections for anything. I had the worse headaches that I&#039;ve ever had in my life. The right side of my face started sagging and I was very weak. 1. ER visit , I was in the trauma unit because they thought I had a stroke. Wrong! 2. ER visit, diagnosed as Bell&#039;s palsy. Wrong! 3. ER visit, Lyme disease! Wrong again! It was the HCG! It may help women lose weight but definitely not worth the side effects!"
"This pill did not work well at all for me. I was on it for severe cramping and while it slightly dulled the cramps, its side effects made things worse than they were to begin with.  For the 4 months that I was on it, I had 2 periods a month, one half way through the pack and one at the end.  Both had bad cramps.  After the first month, my skin started to break out like crazy. Not only that, but this pill made me really moody, to the point that I would cry over nothing and get really upset at people. "
"I have been unable to take antidepressants due their side effects. I had pretty much given up trying to feel &quot;normal&quot;. I saw a new Dr. And she gave me viibryd samples. 
I have little to no side effects except for occasional diarrhea. For the first time in a really long time, I feel good. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie, and I am able to get up and live. 
I do take the medication earlier in the day because it can cause me to keep me awake. 3pm seems to work out well. I haven&#039;t gained weight on it, but I tend to bloat more if I eat poorly. I just wish I didn&#039;t have to go broke to function well."
"I only went through one pack of these before I contacted my doctor and she changed me to a different type of birth control. I needed these for my irregular periods and hormonal acne and this did nothing for either of those. It was just a waste of time. Did not work."
"12 years ago I had severe, treatment-resistant depression. Lithium augmentation of the antidepressant I was on led to a dramatic improvement and saved me from ECT."
"I just started Adipex-P 37.5mg on March 6th, 2011. I am in the military and am a single mom of two. I work and go to school full time so its hard for me to work out everyday even though I&#039;m supposed to. I have never really had trouble losing weight until I started working night shift in May. I would only eat one meal a day but since it was late I gained the weight. I am 5&#039;5 and weighed 184lbs before I was put on this pill. The first day I took it was right after the doctors appointment. By 5pm and I had only eaten one piece of ham. I bought a salad after I took the pill and tried to eat it when I got home at 6 and couldn&#039;t because I had no urge to want to eat. It&#039;s Wednesday now and I&#039;ve lost 4lbs already."
"I was previously on alese and transferred to this pill to control my acne. I have found many side affects to this pill such as weigh gain, breast enlargement and severe nausea. The nausea is my main problem as I hate feeling like that and throwing up in general so I am sceptical to keep on this pill."
"After a fall and suffering a slow decline into osteoarthritis of the right hip, I had been managing pain with Vicodin for the last two years before I went for total joint replacement. Maybe I had built up a tolerance because after surgery, my pain was mind-boggling until it vanished &quot;just like that&quot;. I asked the nurse what she just gave me and she said she tried a little Demerol via I.V. Amazing stuff when morphine didn&#039;t do it for me!!"
"Reading these reviews after being on the 3 day treatment for 2 days tonight was my last day. Same with what all other reviews said I have never in my life experienced this type of burning or itching... I&#039;m red swollen and irritated the burn is the worst used it at work, the topical cream and felt like passing out... Terrible! I have used this before and never experienced this intense of a side effect.i feel worse than I did 2 Days ago. Hopefully tomorrow I&#039;m better this is pure hell!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on it for 6 months and it works! Period came on time and I&#039;m not pregnant! I&#039;ve had 3 miscarriages and emotionally not ready to do it again. However, I&#039;ve gained weight, it makes me very sleepy... like too sleepy to  tend to my 4 and 1 year old, my hair falls out BAD! I am not an emotional person, but I do feel I&#039;m more angry and I  hate feeling like that. One last thing, I was still breastfeeding my son, not exclusively, and pph told me its ok to take it. Well I&#039;m just now reading the warning  label and it reads to not take it if u are breastfeeding!! Pph told me it was ok! It said the drug can be passed to him thru my milk! He has been fine. I&#039;m hoping it stays that way. But it works and I will continue to use it."
"I have had the paragrad iud for 1 year and my periods are horrible I pour blood and cramp so bad I can&#039;t move. I have a period twice a month both lasting 7 days. Last month my strings came out but the dr wouldn&#039;t remove it due to having to cut me open to get it out. Now a month later horrid pain where I can barely move and its now embedded in my uterus. I would never recommend this to anyone. Worse decision I ever made"
"Medication works great for SHORT TERM usage.  Long term usage can suppress your adrenal glands and suppress your Hypothalmic-pituitary-adrenal axis."
"I&#039;ve only been on Seasonique for 8 days.  I started having a dizzy feeling last week.  Everyday it has been progressively worse until 3 days ago when it started affecting my balance.  I have been on Seasonale for over a year but a mistake was made when my prescription was refilled and I ended up on Seasonique.  I haven&#039;t had any breakthrough bleeding or any other problems but the dizziness is preventing me from having a normal life.  I&#039;m switching back."
"It is a great medication I&#039;ve had no seizures and my back pain is little to none"
"I was on necon for 6 years, and it was the first birth control I ever went on. I LOVED this. I had super light periods that would last 2-3 days. I had no weight gain, but unfortunately no boob gain either haha. I&#039;ve never had acne problems, and nothing got better or worse being on it. Cramps were a thing in the past on this pill. I literally would forget I&#039;m on my period. Before I went on this pill, I had my period extremely heavy every other week, so this was literally magic. Unfortunately after 6 years my body must have gotten used to the pill, so I switched to Reclispen because I started get spot heavily in-between my period pretty much all the time. I&#039;m hoping my new pill will be just as amazing as Necon..maybe just give me some boobs;)"
"I&#039;ve been on klonopin for over a decade. It helped with the anxiety for a really short time but I still had to self manage which is why I rate it 1 star. The only reason I was on it for so long was because the doctor told me I would be a lifer on it. I&#039;m finally off of this medication and I am suffering severe withdrawal. I have had insomnia for 8 mths off of it. I think it&#039;s best to manage sleep or anxiety issues on your own because being on this stuff is not worth it. Klonopin made it difficult to get up in the mornings, I felt irritable and groggy for years. My anxiety on it would skyrocket. I also had a difficult time remembering things, studying, and learning new information. I don&#039;t recommend this drug at all."
"I&#039;ve been on Saxenda since January 10th. I went to my follow up Dr. Visit and down 11 pounds no exercise. Along with a 1500 calorie diet she did encourage me to start exercising. I  have noticed if I even attempt to eat the wrong foods I get sick. This medicine REALLY WORKS!!!!!!"
"When my doctor suggested I have anxiety, at first I was hesitant to try Celexa. I had always attributed my symptoms to Irritable Bowel Syndrome, allergies and chronic back and hip pain. I held my prescription for three weeks before deciding to try it. I have been taking 20 mg for 7 days. I have not had to take a muscle relaxer or a strong pain reliever in a week because although I still feel a little discomfort in my back, it&#039;s not so bad anymore. Added benefit."
"200 mg three times a day has been the only medication that help with facial and jaw pain. For me it&#039;s miraculous."
"I&#039;ve had acne since 5th grade and at first it was on my forehead, then it spread to my chin and nose and I&#039;m in 9th grade now. I have acne mostly on my cheeks and nose. I have a lot of scars on my cheeks and I tried Epiduo a year ago and it did not work for me at all. It made my skin red and dry and did not clear it. But my brother has had acne since the fourth grade and has tried everything from Proactive to Clearsil, Clean and Clear. Everything. He uses Epiduo and it has completely. COMPLETELY. Cleared his skin. He uses Neutrogena face bar, a moisturizer and Epiduo in the morning and at night. After 8 years of acne Epiduo has been the only thing to help him. I&#039;m still trying to find something to clear my skin, hope this helped."
"I don&#039;t normally leave reviews but this page has helped me so much today I feel to share my experiences in the hope that it will help others too.

I started taking Yasmin 4 months ago and everything was fine for the first 2 packs.  Periods were very short and light, skin was clear, no problems at all.  I&#039;m a first time mum so my stress levels are are always high so when I started feeling bouts of anxiety I thought nothing of it.  2 months on and I feel like I&#039;m a different person, I cry every day, bouts of uncontrollable rage, lethargy, depression - the works!  Stupidly I didn&#039;t put 2 and 2 together until the weight gain began, almost 1kg per month!  Suffice to say this pill isn&#039;t for everybody!"
"I have been taking Endep 10 for approx 3 weeks and have I used a variety of sleeping meds. Endep is the best by far. I take it 3 hours prior to sleep and have no problems getting to sleep and if I do wake during the night I go back to sleep straight away. It can make me a little drowsy in the morning but nothing like other meds."
"I use this when I am driving and have nausea and was under doctor&#039;s instructions to take it twice a day until I was prescribed the scolopamine patch for nausea. Now, I just take it on the times I feel nauseated with the patch, which is not much. I like the dissolvable tablets because they are quicker than the pills to absorb and I can just carry them with me in my purse, unlike the phenergan suppositories, which have to be refrigerated or kept in a cooler when going somewhere."
"Took a 200mg pill 30 minutes prior to sexual activity, never got even close to an erection, don&#039;t waste your money, Stendra does not work !!!!!!!!"
"After working my way up to 40 mg a day, the vivid horrible dreams stopped.. Mood wasn&#039;t much different. After I think 4 days on the 40 mg, I had a black out rage that landed me in in the psych ward for 2 weeks and now doing a partial program. One Dr thinks it might be due to the fact that I had gastric bypass. Don&#039;t know but I will NEVER use that again."
"I was (incorrectly) diagnosed with giardia and took Tindamax. I had a horrible reaction with nausea and diarrhea. This went on and I ended up hospitalized for days. The bad taste in your mouth lasts a LONG time after you take the medication. It takes a long time to clear your system as this is a long acting medication. The reaction I had sounds like what is supposed to happen if you drink alcohol while taking it. I am certain I did not drink alcohol, but I got this ill anyway. The real bummer is that after I took it I was told the lab made a mistake and I did not actually have giardia!!"
"Had bleeding, diarrhea, frequent trips to the bathroom...Started to notice a difference within a day and a half of taking this. Not as many bathroom trips...actually starting to feel normal again."
"I was given this for relief from a severe migraine in the ER, and it was a lifesaver. I was pain free after the second dose."
"This has helped me to control my glucose better than any of the medications that I have tried in the past."
"After trying other medicines at a great deal of expense, I convinced my Dr. to prescribe this medicine as I used it years ago and it worked great, I was in dire straits for 2 months before finally being able to use it, it immediately started to work on my skin. It&#039;s a blessing."
"It did stop the asthma, but it took some of the color from my teeth. I also gained weight. I&#039;m off of it and back on Intal."
"I was on this med for 11 years.  Now another med is cheaper for insurance,I have to use it.  I cannot lose weight and my menopausal hormones have done me for a loop this year, but I cannot blame it on the med.  My reverseT3 is fine so I don&#039;t need cytomel or the natural thyroid meds."
"STINGS my eye.
I am a 73 years old male.
I have glaucoma and corneal implants.
I also take Alphagan.
They seem to work equally well.
"
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for just over four weeks and it&#039;s effects have been dramatic. I was initially prescribed 50mg, which was way too high of a starting dose for an individual with panic disorder. The first few days were awful, as I experienced a dramatic increase in anxiety and feelings of intense dread. I was dropped down to 25mg and given a prescription of Klonopin to hold me through the titration period. I am currently taking 75mg and have noticed a marked improvement in my condition over the past few days. Overall anxiety is significantly decreased, below levels prior to the development of my panic disorder. CBT has been very effective as well in developing a healthier relationship with my anxiety."
"Just started on this medication for bipolar II disorder and I also have borderline personality disorder according to the psychiatrists. I switched from abilify because I had a recent suicide attempt while on it. After starting latuda, I have not experienced any lows but it is hard to tell if it is the medication or the nature of my mood swings. Haven&#039;t felt hypomanic in quite a while however. Just note, it is important to take this med with at least 350 calories of food because that will allow the drug levels to reach an optimal concentration in your body, otherwise the drug is not doing too much. I am a pharmacist so I know quite a bit about drugs."
"I was initially given 75mg twice a day for a seizure related toa brain tumor. The tumor was removed. I started radiation and chemo 1 month later on the same dose for another month. I went to a neurologist because I was told he would prescribe any Meds for anti seizure. Well he doubled the dose for 2 weeks then tripled it. Now I&#039;m totally useless. They won&#039;t tell me why they tripled the dose only that I COULD have another seizure and that doctor was responsible. I&#039;m not understanding why, if I had absolutely no symptoms why he would do this"
"Within the first month of taking this I experienced severe gas pains, some weight gain, and an increase in appeitite. My periods are so much lighter than they were before, but last a little longer."
"I had Mirena placed in on September 12,2014. I just had my second child in July 2014 so the insertion was not painful! I liked the concept of having Mirena but now that I have it, I have not stopped bleeding since!!! I can&#039;t have sex ever because I am always spotting! It is just annoying!! I am really considering getting it removed! I would much rather have my period once a month then bleed every single day!!"
"This medicine didn&#039;t help me at all. As a matter of fact it made my neck muscles seize up."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 9 days now.  So far I have lost 6lbs.  I do not feel as hungry or crave food.  However, I am having a lot of side effects such as dizziness, dark urine, ringing in the ears, severe fatigue, and low blood pressure.  Can anyone give me advice about if the side effects do indeed go away?"
"It&#039;s feel so good go to eat with no regret and then see all that fat in the water when I go to the bathroom what else I need to say this medication really work. Very happy!"
"VERY effective antibiotic on two (2) separate events for oral abcess! Usually a straight Penicillin customer, I am &amp; Doc prefers Amoxicillin (not efficacious for me). Compromise medicine: Keflex is the most foul-smelling thing I ever wanted to swallow because it works... so hold your breath!"
"Great treatment for addiction to opiates."
"This stuff worked incredibly fast, within 20 minutes.  I hadn&#039;t had a bowel movement for days, but within 20 minutes, I had a large bowel motion.  Then nothing happened for hours, but during the night I could tell the magnesium citrate was working and in the morning I had to go two or three times.  After the initial movement though you&#039;re essentially pooping out dirty water into the bowel.  As other people have said, buy baby wipes and drink lots of water.  And the taste wasn&#039;t bad at all! I mixed it with a little bit of cranberry juice and actually found it very sweet/tart and delicious."
"Bactrim has always worked for my UTI. I do see a pattern in the complaints about. The bottle doesn&#039;t say not to consume. If you mix bactrim with the smallest sip of wine you will get those side effects that I see mentioned. If you take bactrim do not consume any wine, beer, or hard liquor."
"I was on Soma for over 10 years and it has always been my favorite muscle relaxer.  I have had severe debilitating migraines my entire life, and a roll over only made it worse along with my neck and back, which have been progressively getting worse over the years.  I was taken off about a year ago.  However I am posting this for those who can&#039;t get it anymore to say Lorzone (chloroxozone) works extremely well on pain.  It is the ONLY other medication - and I have tried them ALL over the years, that seems to work for my neck, back and shoulder pain.  Name brand is extremely expensive even with insurance - it may need to be prescribed under the generic name."
"hello, i was seriously in trouble with my ocd, tried several meds including cipralex and seroquel but cipralex was not as effective so i changed to lustral, i am now cured and i cant believe it, it is like a second life present from god! if you have ocd problems it is the best, but i guess everyone s system is different so everyone should find what med suits them."
"Flonase SUCKS. The first two days I used it, I thought it was the greatest thing ever invented because my horrible allergies finally seemed to clear up. I forgot to take it one day and woke up in the middle of the night with a stopped up nose, so I took Flonase again as soon as I woke up. It was VERY ineffective that time. I got horrible headaches, insanely itchy eyes, a sore throat, and my mouth and lips were constantly dry. It has been a week since I&#039;ve vowed to never use Flonase again, and I STILL have the WORST smell in my nose and mouth from that stupid allergy &quot;reliever&quot;. If you&#039;re wondering if you should hop in your car, make the trip out, and purchase Flonase, I will let you know right now that, that is the biggest mistake."
"Been on this med 9 weeks still feel no better had awful side effects  still getting them worse  one burning tingling arms not sleeping don&#039;t know what to do anyone else had this"
"Valtrex is truly the only cold sore medication that will act fast and diminish your pain and blisters within days You will start feeling relief in hours. No other cold sore medication can compete. The only downside is  you have to get a prescription for it. Depending on your insurance it could be fair to pricey. If you are like me and suffer from HSV 1 &amp; 2  ask your doctor for 30-60 tablets. Most doctors will only prescribe the recommended dosage for treatment. (5 tablets) with 1 refill. It&#039;s such a pain having to go back to doctors when you have a simple outbreak. This will ensure a good supply for whenever you might need it. Always works FASTEST when taken at first sign of sore."
"I have been taking Wellbutrin for about a month and a half. Have taken Effexor, duloxetine, reboxitine, citalopram and have not had any real benefit from any of them, but I have from Wellbutrin. I haven&#039;t felt this normal in more years than I can remember and my creativity is back."
"I have been on this BC for almost 1 month.  In the time since I started it, I have gained weight, have had headaches every day, acne on my face and chest (have never had an issue before) and my sex drive has literally become non-existent.  I am not happy with this pill and will be going off of it and back to condoms.  Not worth it for me to have these side effects."
"My face was horrendous before I used (ro)Accutane, to the point I couldn&#039;t see out of my left eye due to the level of spots/boils I had swelling up and becoming one. I noticed a difference on Accutane after a month or so, but the real improvements start after approximately 2 months depending on how bad you have it (mine was really bad and aggressive). I would definitely recommend reading the book of side effects you are given, I am &quot;lucky&quot; as I only really suffered with depression, which as most of us know you do so if you have acne anyway. One recommendation is not going in direct sun light until a month or so after finishing the treatment, and finding a very good face and lip moisturiser and these 2 parts will become very very dry!"
"I am a RN and have been diagnosed with undifferentiated connective tissue disorder. I was initially very hesitant to start medication due to the side effects. I have been on the medicine for three years. I have had increased joint mobility and decreased swelling. I do have my eyes examined every six months. Glad I weighed my options and gave it a try."
"I have been on Cymbalta for about 4 years.  Worst side effect is sweating, which can be annoying.  Also, if I lay down during the day, I can go to sleep at just about any time; so I don&#039;t lay down.  Much less sexual side effects than other anti-depressants I was on (several of them).  Since there is no generic, it is a bit expensive, but I feel so much better than I did before, it is worth it!"
"Worked wonderfully. Was on Bactrim for a week with no relief, but after my first pill of Cipro I felt 100 times better and was sleeping through the night. On my fourth day of taking and no side effects and feeling awesome."
"The pain completely subsided after about an hour and a half but I&#039;m not sure the side effects were worth it... dizziness, drowsiness, unable to speak, numbness. 
Unsure if I would take again."
"At 37 I was woken in the night by my first panic attack, I dialed 911. For 4 months I&#039;ve been crippled with 24-7 severe anxiety accompanied with 2-4 panic attacks a day. Looking back I&#039;ve had GAD my whole life but a stressful event finally brought it to the surface. After 3 months I sought a psychiatrist and today is day 14 on generic Lexapro (Escitalopram.) I began on 5mg and yesterday was increased to 7.5. Within 9 days I noted improvment but I had bad side effects. I made myself hang on and today I can tell you IT WORKS! I have a ways to go and will update as I progress but this medicine meant life or death to me and has in 14 days allowed me to care for myself and my kids again. Push through the side effects and give it time! It works!"
"I have been on Nucynta for 2 years following a ten - twelve foot fall. Nucynta is without a doubt the best pain medication I have ever been prescribed. It works well  on my severe shoulder, back, and neck pain. Without the nasty side effects of other opiates I was taking such as Hydrocodone. I am able to stay alert and I have not built up a tolerance to it. Nucynta has been a game changer for me. . ."
"I am 18 years old and have had mild facial and back acne for a while. Once I was put on doxycycline I noticed a major change. The pores in my face and on my back got noticeably smaller and the larger zits on my back started to heal even better with a 200mg dose a day."
"I got Mirena inserted two months after the birth of my second child. I must say that I&#039;ve had no problems whatsoever and probably was the best choice for birth control I have made thus far. It did hurt just a little having it inserted and a day or two afterwards but since then I&#039;ve had no complaints. Honestly sometimes I forget that its even there. My husband has no complaints with sex and it hasn&#039;t caused any problems in that category. In fact it has mostly been a good asset to us both. Boot worrying about condoms or getting pregnant again. My periods are somewhat irregular but I was told that would happen in the first six months but they are a lot lighter than they have been. I plan on after my 5 years are up getting one."
"I have taken Celexa (started at 40 mg now at 20 mg) since I was 18 and have learned that it has been very beneficial in helping me maintain a positive mood.  Along with a healthy diet and exercise I know that Celexa will probably be a part of my life forever.  The only side effects I experience are frequent yawning and occasional sleepiness.  Sleepiness is less of an issue if I take the medication at the same time of day consistently (late afternoon.)"
"So far, not so good. Have only been taking Sronyx for 22 days (so maybe it gets better after 2-3 months), during which time I experienced the heaviest period of my life with excessive clotting. Cramps were reduced, however.  I&#039;m not prone to acne but have an increased occurrence in pimples since taking. Generally I just feel &#039;off,&#039; and not like myself."
"I&#039;ve taken both ambien and ambien CR. it caused interesting side effects from day one. I found that whatever was on my mind before taking the meds (I.e. I had to do laundry/clean the house the next day or go to a sale) I&#039;d end up getting up and doing them that night before falling asleep and not even remember it the next day!! I would vacuum at 2am, cook whole meals, get in my car to go to a tech store sale and come home with 100 movies (some 2 or 3 copies!)! My husband didn&#039;t mind the extra wild sex! It would have been nice if I would have remembered it too! The last straw for me was when a close family member passed away, I couldn&#039;t get rest so I took one to help. A month later, I found I had an accident I didn&#039;t remember! Be careful!"
"Just purchased this drug last week and what a waste of money. I feel very sick and bed ridden. I only took two days worth (2 pills) and I won&#039;t be taking it anymore. I cannot function on this drug. I&#039;ve never been pregnant but it feels like pregnancy symptoms are described, constantly nauseous, exhausted and sensitive to smells. I do not recommend this drug."
"Having constant painful neck pain on both sides of my neck. 
Naproxen will help with most of the pain(tolerable-somewhat) 
But those pesky NSAIDS and their stoke/heart attack possibilities. 
If not for that little concern they would be a favorite for life. 
But seriously the naproxen really can help you for some neck pain relief. Just not to safe to use more than 10 days. I just wish my neck pain was just a ten day issue? Chronic neck pain can drain you of your life if you let it. 
But like others I wish to help people if I can with my experience with naproxen and just let people know they are not alone with their neck issues.
Good luck to all! We are going to need it."
"First my first time on birth control this had to be the worse option for me. The first month was fine, the second month my period lasted for 18 days, the third month I began to feel dizzy the day before my period would start, I would get terribly sick  before each period after that. For the first 4 months I&#039;d have tender breasts for the entire month. I gave it an extra 3 months to see if anything would change since my body was just trying to adjust to the new medication but nothing changed. I got tired of the 2 week long periods so I stopped the medication."
"I only just got the Paragard inserted, so I can only speak on that for now. I&#039;m 23 with no children. I took 2 ibuprofen before going. Had a bit of cramping during the insertion but it didnt last long. Didn&#039;t have a lot of cramping throughout the day like I expected, I cleaned the house and everything without a problem. So overall its been so far so good."
"I&#039;ve been on Sprintec for 2 years and I love it. At first I was on Beyaz, and that was awful, so my gyno switched me to this and I&#039;m glad she did. I have virtually no acne. Beyaz made me gain at least 15 pounds, and I&#039;ve slimmed down since taking this, but not by much. My breasts only become sore around the time of my period. My period always comes the same day of the week, and I haven&#039;t had any pregnancy scares. One of the best things about it is that with my health insurance there&#039;s no copay (Beyaz had a copay of $40). I used to have a lot of vaginal discharge and Sprintec has substantially minimized it. My sex drive is through the roof, but my appetite hasn&#039;t been affected as far as I can tell. No complaints! "
" This hideous medicine. I took it for a few days and not much help then the weird santanic dreams started with not being able to jump outta bed or move.  The  bedroom was nice and quiet and as soon as I&#039;d started to fall asleep it would sound like people were on my roof throwing pieces of metal on the ground.  The most horrible hallucinations... throw this stuff away"
"I had triplets as a result of taking Clomid, they were all boys.  "
"Chest pian was terrible and keep vomiting
Terrible anti biotic. Hate it"
"My son was only 4 when he was diagnosed with cluster migraines.  The diagnosis came after a year because they rarely occur in children that young.  The horror of hearing him scream &quot;Mommy help me!  Help me!  Why does my head hurt!!&quot; broke my heart.  Our pediarician recommended a drug that controls seizures but sometimes actually causes seizures. Nope was my answer. Next he recommended Periactin. With little side effects and my sons headaches cycling one per day for 4 days I agreed.  It was the best decision we ever made.  As long as he takes his med he has no headaches at all.  It has been the best blessing ever and given him a normal pain free life!!!!"
"I have had my Mirena for over 2 years now.  It was inserted due to heavy bleeding and cramping, which comes with age, as I was told.  I am 47 and have three teenage children.  Overall, I love it.  I have thinner hair, but that happened before the IUD was inserted.  Ladies, this is a fact of life for many of us. Oh, and the weight gain too. Here is my concern:  My periods have been extremely light to non-existent, lasting about 3 days.  Recently, I had a two week period with a week off, then it started up again and I have been going for 4 days now.  "
"I use prescription Lidocaine cream (3%) and Lidocaine Ointment (5%) for my Neuropathic foot pain (caused by diabetes). It works well - for about 6 hours. The only downside is I have to leave it on for about an hour before I can rub it off, so it can be messy and uncomfortable if I have to put on socks and walk before that time. Also, it can (obviously) only be used on the bottoms of my feet when I&#039;m stationary. But most of my pain is on the tops of my feet and toes, so for me it works. The prescription forms can be expensive without insurance. In that case, you might try Topicaine OTC. It didn&#039;t look too expensive to me. For the relief it brings, you might find it worth it. I also take Lyrica, but it doesn&#039;t suffice when used alone."
"I&#039;m just finishing up my first month of Junel fe and I&#039;m pretty pleased. I was put on Junel fe for acne and to be honest I was really skeptical because of all the negative reviews. I had an initial minor breakout but ever since then my skin has been clearing up. I&#039;ve given it a 7/10 because I&#039;ve noticed slight weight gain (2 pounds) and weird mood swings. But I would strongly recommend this birth control."
"For all you strugglers out there, there&#039;s an amazing drug called Seroquel.  It will put you to sleep in an instant each and every night, I promise you.  Just be careful what you wish for.  The side effects are killer.  I&#039;m going onto Belsomra in a few days.  I long for all the side effects you complain about.  I think I would lie awake for a month if it meant I could get off Seroquel.  But I sleep like the proverbial baby.  I thought I was the only person in the world who suffered this much "
"Have been on and off lexapro for the last 20 years (more on than off). This time I was off the medication from for about 5 months and the anxiety and depression was back even though I had a change of life style, doing plenty of exercise and changing work environments.  For me the side effects were feeling nauseous, insomnia (normally 1 nights average sleep and the next no sleep, constant swallowing which I think is called dry mouth and just feeling miserable for the first 3 weeks.  I&#039;m into my fourth week now and sleeping a lot better and feeling much better in myself.  
If you are having the same side effects, hang in there as life will get a lot better"
"Condom broke! We raced to the pharmacy and managed to buy the pills in under 30 minutes. It made me sleepy, no other side effects at all except being a little crazy lol.

It was 4 days before my period and we worried it wasnt going to work. However, it did! I got my period at the normal time (4 days after taking pills) so dont worry! It works! Just get the pills as fast as possible. Good luck!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Sronyx for 2 weeks. Previously, I took Generess for 4 years. Loved it. Stopped because insurance will only cover the new generic version and it caused irregular periods for me.

The purpose for taking BC/Sronyx is to shorten and lighten my periods because of my anemia. So far, I have experienced the following side effects:

- Bloat/Weight gain (4 lbs)
- Moodiness/Irritability (severe)
- Acne (I&#039;ve NEVER had acne issues until now!)
- Chest/side neck pain
- Breast Swelling/Tenderness (for some reason my right breast hurts more often)
- Scalp/skin itchiness
- Trouble wearing contacts (dry eyes, mild burning sensation at times)

Overall: I do not recommend this BC. My body doesn&#039;t like it at all. Looking to switch immediately."
"Helps a lot.  The anal itchiness and burning are mostly all gone."
"I have had CIU for over 13 years without remission.  Horrible, painful, debilitating hives that grow for days before receding. I&#039;ve never gone more than a couple of days without at least one hive, despite mega-doses of antihistamines and other doctor recommended medications. I&#039;d tried it all!  I received my first injection of Xolair 26 days ago and have not had one single hive! This medicine is, so far, the miracle I have been hoping and searching for, for 13 long years!"
"Prolia has the worst side effects of any medication on the market because it tampers with the immune system. I have had to call Amgen and the FDA numerous times for very serious side effects. This drug should be taken off of the market until Medical Doctors learn how to combat it. Once it&#039;s in, there is nothing they can do. In all reality, it is a chemo drug as it&#039;s twin Xgeva just has more of the active ingredient in it."
"I had a Mirena inserted two days ago, and it was the worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced in my life. I&#039;m 23, with no children and never cramp, which probably had a lot to do with the pain. The insertion itself hurt a lot, but the cramping that came afterwards was absolutely excruciating. My pulse dropped so low they had to put me on an I.V. My doctor said I was the worst reaction she&#039;s had to a Mirena, and she&#039;s been inserting them for years. I was given a shot of gravol, a vimovo and a tramadol. Once I was able to leave, I went home and napped for a few hours, and then I felt fine. Two days later I have slight cramping (I&#039;ve been taking vimovo) and very light bleeding. Hoping it was worth the pain..."
"I am a 29 year old male. 6&#039;2&quot;. I started the trial does of Qsymia on 1/16/13 weighing 315lbs. I moved on to the 7.5/46 dose. Today (6/10/13) I weighed in at 221. A month ago I ask the doctor to increase my dose to the 11.25/69mg as I was starting to eat more.  That is when I was not able to sleep and then halfway through taking that dose I noticed I started having numbness in my right foot/calve (which I guess is normal). I already went back to the doctor and ask to be put back on the lower dose even though it will slow my progress. I still have 25lb to go. I hope going back to the lower dose solves this problem. This is not a miracle pill, you HAVE to eat healthy and exercise while taking it. You must make a lifestyle change on it."
"I have panic disorder when I&#039;m under stress and it has been very helpful. I take 1.0 mg per day. It changes my negative thought process and allows me to focus on positive aspects of my life. I have been conservative in the dosage. I have taken as little as 0.25mg per day when I&#039;m feeling well and as much as 1.25 mg per day if I&#039;m under stressful conditions. I would follow your physicians instructions but this pattern of dosage seems to work for me."
"Other than being effective in preventing pregnancy, the side effects I experienced with the Mirena were not enjoyable. I really liked the idea that it was a local hormone as opposed to a systemic hormone (only puts the hormones into your reproductive organs instead of throughout the entire body which is what the pill did), and the convenience of not having to take a pill every day was the biggest positive! However, due to the hormones being local, I noticed the positive benefits I experience with the pill such as not getting acne, came back. My skin got really bad. Also, I ended up getting my period more frequently, for longer periods, as well as had spotting in between periods for the entire 2 years of having my IUD I got it removed."
"I just started this med yesterday for osteoarthritis &amp; fibromyalgia. After reading the other comments my experience is pretty normal. I&#039;m itching like crazy, had a bad night-no rest, nausea &amp; mild headache. With all those side effects, it appears to have knocked off the edge of the pain. I will continue using if for a few days if I can handle the itching. I want to give it some time because I cannot use narcotics. I end up in the hospital with dehydration from vomiting when I use any narcotics."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and was diagnosed with severe PMS/PMDD about two and a half weeks ago. It was a relief to finally have a diagnosis because I had developed progressively worse physical and physiological symptoms in the two weeks before my period. It had started to interfere with my schooling since I&#039;d miss two days per cycle at least (which is a lot for a high school senior with AP classes). I was prescribed Beyaz a month ago and quit after 3 days because I was an emotional wreck. Another week or so went by and my symptoms got worse again. My doctor finally prescribed me with a low dose (25mg) and upped it a few days later to 50mg. It took a few days to take effect (it was a hard time) but now I&#039;m better than I&#039;ve been in months."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication only one week but am cautiously very optimistic. Prior to this I was on citalopram but still feeling very low and sleeping poorly, feeling like I needed to be in bed 12-16 hours a day. Now I am waking naturally after only 8 hours sleep and finding it much easier to concentrate at work. I can hardly believe it is working so quickly but I feel so much better. I&#039;ve had no side effects."
"I have suffered from depression for about 2 years now. Crying all the time, getting my feelings hurt real easily, getting mad, then happy, then back to mad. Tried Lexapro and it didn&#039;t work. Tried Pristiq and it made me feel ten times worse. I started on this medication yesterday and I already feel a little better. I am hoping that I have finally found the answer! If this has already made me feel this good after one dose, I can&#039;t wait to see what happens after I have taken it for a while! I recommend this to anyone definitely!"
"I took Seasonique for 2.5 years. I rated it as a 5 because it did it&#039;s job in that I did not get pregnant. However, I have switched to a monthly pill now (Cryselle 28) because the side effects from this medication were awful. I had migraines at least once a week, I bled for a month straight during my second pack, I had breakouts periodically that I didn&#039;t get before, my heart raced consistently (at least 3-4 times per week) and I gained 40 lbs in the past two years. I am a vegetarian and work out at least an hour a day so I know the weight gain was not due to my lifestyle. While I enjoyed having 4 periods per year once the medication caused me to stop bleeding, it was not worth the ensuing side effects."
"I&#039;ve always had clammy hands but about six months ago I had an unrelated surgical procedure, and once I recuperated I realized I was sweating a lot more than I used to from my hands feet and armpits. I went back to work and I was so embarrassed to wear regular button-down shirts because of the pit stains. I saw my dermatologist who recommended Drysol. It burns like hell but I can tell you right now that it is working for my pits I haven&#039;t applied it to my hands yet I will be trying that tonight."
"I was originally on Concerta for my ADD and got extremely depressed and almost suicidal. I then switched to Adderall which I took for 4 years without many problems, until I developed a tolerance to it and my dose got so high that I was getting a bunch of side effects. I tried Strattera, which I did absolutely nothing and made me really sleepy. Then I switched to Vyvanse which worked about the same as the Adderall but I wasn&#039;t as irritable and didn&#039;t have the same loss of appetite. However, I did start to develop acne, which I didn&#039;t realize until recently was being caused by the Vyvanse. I&#039;ve also developed a major dependency, if I don&#039;t take it, I have trouble doing daily tasks and I&#039;m really tired."
"I just wish I found Suboxone sooner!  8  months so far, hopefully many more to go!"
"So I have been on a lot of opiate meds over 12 years. First Vicodin then so on up to oxymorph, oxycodone highest doses were not affecting me at all. Taking well over 140mg daily to sustain. I like to have this info as a reader so you can understand tolerance and possible withdrawal (even though it varies). Clonidine has seemingly done wonders. It took away my panic. I am coming up on day 3 now kicks started 16 or so hours ago sweating etc started 8 hours in and it is helping me stay strong. You&#039;re going to detox, and there will be hard times but there is also amazing happiness when you can experience all the sensations of life again. Stay strong keep moving on."
"Just started Belviq on March 22, 2017. I have experienced a slight headache but no other problems with the medication.  I look forward to posting as I continue my weight loss journey."
"Clonidine is wonderful for me. I&#039;ve been using heroin, 1.5 g&#039;s a day for several years. The clonidine combined with my lorazepam made the withdrawal sickness almost non existent. Best part is: you can actually get some sleep.
Stay strong."
"I have a congenital birth defect called Arnold-Chirari Malformation. Part of my brain sticks out the back of my skull and pushes against my spinal cord. I live in a small town and had a difficult time getting my pain managed because I was in my late 20s and was told I couldn&#039;t receive pain pills until I was older. (Backwards and shameful, I know.) I resisted attempts to make me submit to brain surgery because I have Factor V and a history of DVT and PE. After spending nearly 3 years of my life bedridden with severe pain in my head, eye, neck, and spine, unable to work or study, a physician finally gave me this medication. It gave me my life back and nobody questions the fact that I am young and seeking only pain relief in order to function."
"Proctofoam is the best thing that has happen to me. I had to visit the ER 10 yrs ago with hemorrhoids that bleed for 3 days.  That&#039;s when I was introduced to it and we have been together ever since.  Fabulous medication. Wish it was around before my grandma died."
"I lost five pounds in three weeks. I took the pill five days a week and took a break over the weekend. I definitely ate more when I did not take the pill. Overall, I have been eating healthy prior to taking the pill, but this has definitely helped me to avoid rush eating of sweets and other unhealthy things at times when I would be very hungry or stressed. The pill alone is not enough. Exercising on a regular basis makes a big difference. I&#039;m looking to lose five more pounds by the end of this month."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for quite awhile, and while it worked at first, I noticed that I quickly started building up a tolerance to it. Every couple of weeks, my dose is increased, and it&#039;s been very frustrating. While it does get me to sleep, it doesn&#039;t help me stay asleep. Also, there has been a tremendous amount of weight gain, which I can&#039;t lose even with diet and exercise. Great for short term, not for long term."
"I got the Liletta inserted on October 3rd. I was expecting the insertion to be excruciating after reading tons of reviews but it wasn&#039;t bad at all. It was definitely uncomfortable but it was just mostly cramps and I have a very low tolerance for pain. On a scale of 1-10 I would rate the insertion pain a 3. I did take 800mg of ibuprofen and a muscle relaxer a hour before my appt. I&#039;ve had pretty intense cramps off and on everyday. My doctor prescribed tramadol which I just started today. I take ibuprofen and that helps a lot, as long as I take it before the pain is really bad. I bled every day but it stopped 3 days ago. It was regular bleeding and then brown discharge, which is annoying. Overall I think it will help me in the long run."
"I have actually just had my 5th shot and it&#039;s been great for me. Bled on cerazette like crazy so switched to depo injection. My only complaint is that in the 2nd shot I got really bad boob pain and a bit of weight gain. Never had a scare good birth control and also it&#039;s every 3 months so no problem!"
"Have been receiving the injections now for three months with great results.   My hair was bald in the centers of my head.  At this time my hair has grow about  1 inch at the point."
"Last time I had really bad cramps, several months ago, doctor prescribed 10mg, 3 x&#039;s a day, for 10 days. I remembered I was a &#039;low doser&#039; so I took only half a tablet for 6 days. Result was wonderful! Spasms in diaphragm, bilateral waistline, bilateral buttocks, back, shoulders, neck, hands, legs, feet, lowest abdomen, all ceased and desisted in two and a half days. This time, a couple of days ago, I called for a new prescription and then forgot to take half a pill--took a whole 10mg, 3x&#039;s a day for two days, as prescribed, and got treated to a whole bunch of weird side effects--intense sleepiness, hallucinations, very shallow breathing, edema, but no cessation of spasms and pain.  So now I&#039;ll wait several days and try half a pill again."
"After having a serious reaction to the estradiol patch, I switched to Evamist. As the literature states, it may take a few weeks to feel better. I have been on it one month now and feel much better than I did on the patch. I generally get only one hot flash per  day and I can live with that. I had terrible heart palpitations on the patch. They have completely disappeared and I feel human again. To the previous poster that gave a 1 rating, you may have to give it more time. I know when you feel crummy, a few weeks can feel like a lifetime, but using something one week is not enough. See if you can stick with it for a few weeks. My OB told me that you really can&#039;t judge how it is working until you have been on it one month. I use three sprays"
"Drysol works amazing for me! The only reason I rate it a 9 is because of the burning and itching I get every night. I really don&#039;t care though because its worth it to not have even one drop of sweat. I guess I have it worse than most   because I have to use it every day or I will start sweating again."
"Had severe infection and fever the meds helped me , I had become resistant to azi , was given 1000mg with steroids to get me back on feet , hiccups followed for 6 days"
"This medicine works wonders. It&#039;s my go to anti-nausea med. Within 5-10 minutes of the first dose the anxiety starts to go away and after the second dose (if needed) a wave of calm will come over you and the nausea will drift away. I agree with no water before and after for at least a half hour or hour to make sure if works fast and lasts longer. Being Emetophobic myself, I always make sure to keep it close by."
"I take Tegretol and I have been on Vimpat now for over a year. At first I still had seizures but they were completely different to the ones I had before, I used to jump and scream, now I become an ironing board then kick legs. After a few months they stopped completely, I had never felt better, it was the first time in 25 years I had been free, but the last couple of months they have returned and I have never felt worse. Side effects: extremely emotional [which is at the other end of the scale from Vigabatrin which made me a nutter] depression, memory loss, stuttering and significant weight gain. I am much better on them than without, but as far as stopping my seizures it was short lived"
"I started taking this medicine about 4 years ago for bipolar. This medicine was exactly what I needed. I still felt my emotions but had control of them. I might get upset at something but didn&#039;t go full tilt &quot;hulk mad.&quot; I always explain it to the doc like this: it brings my highs down and my lows up. The only downside is I don&#039;t ever experience the emotion of &quot;happy.&quot; I have forgotten what it is like to have a good time so I mimic what I see other people doing in social settings to appear normal. An interesting side effect I noticed is that when I am depressed I don&#039;t feel depressed. I can tell by all of the normal symptoms. I just don&#039;t feel it."
"I started to take vraylar 1.5 mg about two weeks ago and at first I noticed right away I just felt better, my mood was up, I had a sense of humor again but about a week ago I started to have problems with my binge eating again and even though I feel ok I can&#039;t seem to stop eating this makes me feel very out of control and sad.  The last three days I haven&#039;t been able to sleep I can&#039;t focus my thoughts I don&#039;t feel good any more.  I&#039;m hoping to go off vraylar today or tomorrow after I talk to my doctor."
"Please try!!!!! I was like you reading these reviews scared to death to start taking this drug.  I am so glad I did. The first 2 weeks I felt Iike I was pregnant. Nauseous and sleepy. After that I just gradually started feeling better. Anxiety has gone and life is on the up and up. I should have taken this 20 years ago. All the worries sort of just fade away. Good luck and please give it a shot!"
"I took one 50mg tab of Pristiq. 12 hours later, I ended up in the ER with heart rate of 140, BP of 198/102. ER admitted me to the hospital. I then had 3 episodes of my heart pounding in my chest and reaching a peak of 150 beats in a matter of seconds and then going back down. For many this medicine is a good thing, for me it was a nightmare. "
"I am bipolar and take Celexa and Abilify. My doctor added Vistaril for my anxiety and panic attacks and so far the Vistaril did the trick. I feel human again and not flying all over the place since the Vistaril was added and I haven&#039;t had a panic attack for 3 weeks... Hurray for Vistaril."
"I&#039;ve been on 50mg for about 3 months now. Practically no side effects to begin with and immediate relief of anxiety. A litlle too sleepy to begin with. Today I am feeling optimistic, less negative thinking and overall a lot better. With time the sexual side effects have turned stronger - I basically have very little sex drive and cannot orgasm. Occasionally I have very mild anxiety as I have stayed on 50mg despite the doctor having told me to increase the dosage. But the overall result is very positive and I will only change it if the sexual issues become too uncomfortable."
"Have had AF since very young. In 2003 episodes began to occur almost daily. Was given Flecainide and after 6 weeks I was a different person - I had forgotten what it was like to go each day without even a skipped beat. I even exercised daily, quite hard too with no problems. Unfortunately, after 6 years, I started experiencing &quot;side-effects&quot;. I was actually suffering from a Broad Complex Arrhythmia brought on by Flecainide. I had to stop them and now on Bisoprolol. Am now awaiting a PVI ablation"
"Oh, thank you, God!  I am now a 48 year old female, and I developed acne at 13 years old.  Absolutely nothing worked for my acne or my TREMENDOUSLY oily skin.  My life was very different from other kids&#039; lives that had normal skin.  I started Accutane at 20, and I&#039;ve had to repeat the medication about every 13 years.  I strongly recommend Accutane, 6 months on 40 mg, and am very happy with my results. Good luck to everyone!"
"My daughter took Lutera for two years.  It took two months but it definitely helped with her acne.  She was very happy. Fast forward two years later and now we are not sure what is going on but the old acne is coming back. Time to find a new birth control."
"I have been on trazodone for years. In the past I have tried all of the other sleep drugs but they weren&#039;t working well anymore  so I was prescribed belsomra. WOW the nightmares are awful.  You are awake but stuck in a purgatory with the shadow figures over me. I was trying to call to my wife to wake me but kept falling back into this elaborate intertwined nightmare it lasted for hours."
"Horrible tablet I have ever taken but cleared it up but on the 3rd day feeling sick from having to dissolve the tablet in a drink and then drinking as I can&#039;t seem the swallow it and it dissolves as soon as I put it in my mouth. I wouldn&#039;t recommend it as it&#039;s the first time ever I&#039;ve felt so nauseous from taking a UTI tablet as before I was on the capsules and I could swallow them perfectly and didn&#039;t feel any nausea."
"I tried this medication for 6 months with minor improvements. Side effects were erectile dysfunction and loss of muscle strength."
"As someone who has had multiple hospitalisations every year due to chronic allergic asthma, I cannot believe how wonderful this medication is!!! It has enabled me to breathe properly through my nose for the first time in years!! I still take my oral antihistamine too but this spray is truly a miracle! I am on lots of medication daily and I can honestly say this is the first medication I have ever felt has actually &#039;worked&#039; for me. In that I noticed a huge difference and improvement when taking it. Usually I never know if medication actually works but with this I can say for sure that it has been incredible."
"I used Louis Widmer up until now: no irritation at all and works perfectly. This Drysol product stings, and doesn&#039;t work nearly as good."
"It&#039;s main idea works great. I don&#039;t  have to worry about pregnancy. On the negative side I get constant headaches, nausea, and vomiting and it is hard to sleep. Been using it for 2 months."
"I started Contrave &amp; during the 2nd week became so nauseated that I had to stop taking it. About 4 weeks ago I started to take it again, and have stuck with just the ONE morning pill and have been doing great...I&#039;ve lost 12 pounds. BUT and here is the biggest thing for those complaining they are &quot;NOT LOSING WEIGHT&quot; I&#039;m also doing this with the Weight Watchers program, meaning I am taking accountability for the food I am putting into my mouth, I&#039;m eating more fruits &amp; veggies, I am not going to the drive through of McDonalds or eating medium size pizza&#039;s expecting this medication to help me lose weight. YOU have to change your habits or the medication won&#039;t do anything for you. I suggest taking this with a &#039;diet plan&#039; or &#039;eating program&#039;"
"Adderall in my opinion is a &quot;Miracle&quot;! I am prescribed the (IR) 30mg strength, three times a day. Adderall I feel has significantly improved my quality of life."
"I got the implant May 2 2015. I didn&#039;t bleed at all for the first two weeks. But after that I&#039;ve been bleeding everyday mostly heavy with clots since. I feel so tired all the time maybe due to the bleeding but also I have been gaining weight and I&#039;m not much of an eater anyways. I know my doctor said bleeding can last up to 6 months but this is horrible and I will remove this once I get another form of BC."
"I was on Paxil for a little over a year, and am currently weaning off. I suffer from depression, panic disorder, post traumatic stress disorder, and generalized anxiety. I started Paxil at 10mg and went all the way up to 40mg, within the first couple of months. This drug did wonders for my panic disorder, PTSD, and anxiety, but made my depression worse! The reason I decided to stop taking it is because I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed anymore, and I gained about 60lbs since I started taking it. Funny they call it an antidepressant, when in the end it made my depression worse. I am trying Wellbutrin now... but I won&#039;t know how well that works until I&#039;m completely off the Paxil in a couple weeks. The withdrawal is awful, even while weaning."
"This is not a miracle worker. But it does greatly improve my GAD and social anxiety. Its does mildly sedate me. I take it every day. Usually take about 100 mg a day in divided doses."
"I have Migraines often and at times I have had to leave work due to the pain and nausea. My doctor gave me Treximet to try. I was amazed. My migraine eased or completely went away after 45 minutes to 1 hour after I took it and did not make me feel &quot;hung over&quot;, drowsy or no other side effects. This medication is my miracle migraine medication."
"it doesn&#039;t treat urinary tract infections ."
"I can&#039;t rate this a 10 because it is DEFINITELY not perfect. No birth control method is. However, I enjoy being on it. What I like about Depo Provera is that it&#039;s a shot I have to get every 3 months - it&#039;s GREAT not having to worry about birth control in-between shots. I don&#039;t have to swallow or insert anything or worry about not taking it on time.  For me, it also stops periods which is the number 2 reason I love it, the number 1 reason being that it&#039;s very effective at preventing pregnancy.  

I got my first Depo Provera shot when I was 14 to stop periods.  I kept bleeding and spotting and was told that would eventually go away by the 2&#039;nd or 3&#039;rd shot.  That didn&#039;t bother me.  "
"So I&#039;ve had the iud inserted sometime in November a little before thanksgiving and I&#039;ve had serious serious bleeding and lots of bad cramping, days where I&#039;m not even able to get out of bed! can&#039;t remember when was the last time I didn&#039;t run to the store for woman necessities (pads, tampons) .. debating whether to make an appointment with my obg to get it removed! And I can&#039;t forget to mention the nausea bad temper mood swings and tears. I hope this bc works for some of you girls! Good luck "
"I LOVE FLUTICASONE PROPIONATE CREAM (FPC)! I&#039;ve always had sensitive skin. I developed excema as a teenager on my arms and found no relief until my doctor prescribed FPC. Currently, I have mild excema that flares when I am under stress. I also am allergic to my dogs so I get small itchy hives every now and then (it&#039;s worse when they don&#039;t get frequent baths). When I am at the stable and around horses, hay, dust, dirt, and hair can make my skin quite angry and FPC clears up any rash very quickly! FPC is MAGIC for curing my excema and hives! I use is 2x daily when I notice a rash and can see results in 1-2 days. I have never had any side effects from the cream. I hope this helps and you find FPC effective for you!"
"I have been on this pill for about 7 years now. I have loved it! I have not gained any weight from the pill and acne has not been bad at all. My periods normally last around 4 days and they are pretty light. The only problem that I have had on this pill is that it makes more more emotional. If I am just kind of sad about something, I will start crying, etc. But besides the emotional problems (which is not too bad), the pill is awesome!"
"This is my second post...I started on 3/6/14 and today 4/16/14, I have lost 22 pounds. It could have been more if I just got myself back in the gym. My daily meals consists of breakfast - one egg w/cheese and one turkey link, no lunch around 2pm I have yogurt and BelVita crackers &amp; dinner - whatever I want but no bread and I don&#039;t eat after 7:30pm. Also, I do not take the pill over the weekend! Good Luck everyone!"
"11/18/14 It has now been 1 month. I would describe week 1 as heck week, no where near the normal fight, and week 2 was easy. Below is what I wrote 
(Note these reviews also helped me!) I&#039;m 60, smoked for 45 years, stopped cigarettes with Chantix, and then went to cigars about a year later. (Stupid, didn&#039;t think I would inhale) I thought it might help others by doing a monthly update. In this case it is day 9, 1 day since my stop date. I feel great, no desire to smoke. A few thoughts, but then I think about the Easy Way To Stop Smoking book. Both Chantix and the book believe the easiest way to stop is to do it nicotine free, meaning no patches, gum etc. Chantix is great for the addiction, and the book for the brainwashing. Good luck to al"
"This has been extremely useful in the stopping my restless legs at night. If I happen to stop or run out I&#039;m experiencing the restless legs again. I hate that feeling and have to get up and shake my legs. It is a feeling I simply can&#039;t stand!"
"Went on sprintec after the birth of my daughter in December 2014. Was on it until now August 2015. It was good preventing pregnancy and made my periods lighter and lost all of my baby weight and 15 extra pounds with it. I was 134 before getting pregnant and now I&#039;m 119. But it magnified my depression and anxiety causing me to have panic attacks never had that before this pill and made my libido with my husband of 2 years go down the tubes even made my relationship with him bad. And TMI - it made me have really bad constipation.  I don&#039;t care for this drug at all, I think I may just go off it altogether. I&#039;ve been off it for a week and feel much better."
"I have been taking this pill for about 3 years now as birth control.  I was on Yaz before this one and hated it.  My periods were awful and cramps were really bad.  Since I have switched I have much lighter, if any, periods, and haven&#039;t gained any weight but my breasts have gotten bigger (went from a 34C to a 34D).  This definitely is a great pill if you want something that will decrease your period symptoms.  "
"This drug has been a miracle for me.  I take it with Abilify (5 mgs) - and it has been a God-send.  I was on a triple combination of Cymbalta, Welbutrin and Abilify and still did not feel well.  Pristiq has helped me tremendously from within a week of onset.  I have struggled with depression since 1991 - and have been on a variety of &quot;cocktails&quot; but this one is working the best so far.  I still struggle with sleep and anxiety - as I have problems with Doctors treating my anxiety disorder as it should be.  Interesting that physicians will treat some things an not others.  My only complaint is lacking in sleep - other wise I would recommend this medicine to anyone struggling with depression."
"The good:  I&#039;ve been taking Belviq for two weeks.  I have had a significant decrease in appetite &amp; desire to eat.  Even when I am hungry, I&#039;m really not interested in food.  I get up to find something to snack on, but find myself walking away because nothing looks good to eat.  I&#039;ve had a 7 pound weight loss, so I would call this a success.

The bad:  I have definitely noticed the fatigue, all day long.  My mood is pretty flat all of the time.  Not happy, not sad, just flat.  I have been dizzy, at times to the point of needing to sit down.  I also notice difficulty keeping my eyes focused on the screen.  Like my eyes are drifting without my being able to control it.  I&#039;m thinking about stopping or lowering dose."
"I&#039;m on my 3rd week on Yaz and so far I feel okay, normal, but weight at 141lbs and I can&#039;t seem to lose or gain and I have to lose 20 pounds so I don&#039;t know what to do because eating healthy and exercising hasn&#039;t done a thing for me now. "
"I began taking Oracea about a three and a half weeks ago for Rosacea.  I saw my dermatologist for what I thought was a stubborn case of acne.  I am 54 and was breaking out like crazy, with no improvement using over the counter acne medicine.  My skin is greatly improved.  However, the result I am most excited about, is the great improvement I am experiencing with fibromyalgia.  I have had pain from bursitis in my right him for over a year,  I have had cortisone shots and PT with no relief.  After taking Oracea for about two weeks, I noticed remarkable improvement in my hip pain.  I am also feeling more energetic and more alert than I have in a long time.  I will be seeing my rheumatologist in September and will be asking her opinion."
"My son who has tried almost every available expensive medication from retin-a to antibiotics with not much success finally the dermatologist said we were out of options and Absorbica would be the answer and he was right after 5 months of terribly cracked lips, dry skin and a fair amount of muscle pain the results are beyond amazing while it wasn&#039;t a complete no acne ever kind of result it he does get an occasional breakout but it&#039;s one or two pimples they are very small and disappear rapidly. Regardless of the expense it was well worth the results."
"Having acne for most of your teenage years into your early 20s is not fun. Being a 21 year old who went through Doxycycline and Minocycline, I thought I exhausted all of my options. I saw a few dermatologists who pushed Accutane down my throat. I said no. I went to my family doctor and I&#039;ve been on Bactrim DS for over 6 months now and it is the best thing that has cleared up my acne. So powerful. I would highly recommend this medication."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 4 months now and going into the 3rd month I started experiencing abnormal breakthrough bleeding. The bleeding would occur every other day and has not stopped for almost 2 months now. I&#039;ve also experienced horrible bloating, cramping, and pelvic and lower back pain. My pill is being switched next month."
"On holiday in Thailand when I came down with a severe UTI I have regular UTI at home and my doctor usually prescribed Macrobid which works fine for me after we went into 3 pharmacies we quickly realised they don&rsquo;t seem to stock macrobid only cirpofloxacin so after googling and looking into I decided to buy. This was evening.

The first tablet worked fast and the burning sensation was gone overnight I didn&rsquo;t experience any symptoms so in morning I took the second tablet however I was quickly struck with nausea and slight shaking so I have decided that although the antibiotic seems to work for the infection I do not want to risk any severe side effects so will continue drinking lots of water and if it has not gone will see doctor at home instead"
"Started Saxenda 9 days ago today, initially weighed 301.2 and I&#039;m down to 291.2 lbs, SO TEN POUNDS! I am so excited, I&#039;ve been to the gym 5x this week, eating less than 1200 calories a day, have had no desire for sweets or sugary sodas.. which were my two main vices.  Really happy with my results thus far.  Have been lucky to not have any major side effects, some random stings at injection site, slight constipation and maybe 10 seconds of nausea here and there.  Just increased to the 1.2 dosage... ready to see where this will take me."
"I got my very first Mirena put in five years ago.  That experience was a little painful.  Only because I have never had children and my cervix is quite small.  My OB/GYN had to dilate me to insert it.  It was only about 5 minutes of intense cramping but it wasn&#039;t awful.  After I had it inserted, I spotted and cramped for one day.  Fast forward five years later.  I just had that one removed and my second one put in.  No pain for the removal, just a slight pinch.  Much easier time getting the second one.  Again, only spotted and slight cramping for one day.   For the five years that I had the first one, I only spotted periodically.  Nothing more.  I have the Mirena not only for pregnancy prevention, but for a medical issue as well.  I love it"
"Trilipix greatly reduced my trigycerides when added to the Lipitor and Zetia that I was previous prescribed.  No side effects from the Trilipix."
"Medicine is worse than the yeast. Burns and itchs after application. I have the three day pack, and this last day is no better than the first. "
"I was on Celexa for about a year, gradually had my dosage increased from 20mg, to 40, then to 60, the max. Seemed to help a bit at the beginning of each change in dosage. I had no major side-effects. My crying decreased but I still felt hopeless and depressed most of the time. Not for me."
"I was prescribed topical ointment for my nostrils for an upcoming surgery. I&#039;ve encountered a headache ever since I started using it. My surgeon prescribed it for an upcoming surgery."
"For the past two years I have been taking Abilify aripiprazole 5mg per day. I have so much more motivation and energy compared to when I was on a low dosage of Rispardal. The only disadvantage is that it is very expensive and I don&#039;t know how much longer I will be able to afford taking it. My question is - will there be a safe generic coming out soon? My condition has always been hard to classify - either Bi-Polar or Schizoaffective disorder. I feel well, and my psychiatrist agrees since I have switched to Abilify which I call a &quot;wonder drug&quot;. The side effects I experience are frequent urination and a dry mouth where I am constantly thirsty. I can live with that. I do not drink alcohol. Generally speaking I feel far more &quot;creative &quot;"
"It works well for birth control methods and overall it&#039;s pretty great. However, when I&#039;m on my period my emotions are out of control. I&#039;m sad, moody and angry. When I have my period the first day is fine but the second day I&#039;m sad and by the third day I can&#039;t stop crying and I can&#039;t even find a reason why I&#039;m sad. The period is short and that&#039;s good but the emotions are wild."
"I&#039;m into my fourth month of Vestura (generic Yaz), and I&#039;m a deeply worried. When I first began this BC, I experienced very few major side effects. A lot of people talk about the emotional mood swings of BC, but I&#039;m a graduate student and I already suffer from undiagnosed depression, so my emotions on BC are the same as off. However, I did not expect the breakouts. It started last week, and now the right side of my face is covered in these tiny, raised itchy and sensitive bumps. I graduate next semester and I will have to go on job interviews. There&#039;s no way I can face an employer with this kind of rash on my face, in my industry, looks matter quite a bit. I think I may have to switch if this doesn&#039;t go away by the end of the current pack."
"Great for chronic pain. Tough withdrawal. Patches can fall off without use of clear tape. You don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill on time. Low to no breakthrough pain."
"Amazing! It broke me out the first two months, but by now, at month six, my skin has been completely clear. I use to struggle with PMDD, which gave me really bad depression around my period. Now, I feel so much more stable and my depression and mood swings are gone. No weight gain, I actually lost a few pounds. No bad side effects at all! Would recommend this to anyone if you&#039;re looking for birth control with only positive side effects. And of course, I have not gotten pregnant."
"After 7 years of debilitating migraines almost daily and rebound headaches from taking Excedrin and ibuprofen, I finally found a doctor that was willing to help me. She suggested Topamax and just in this short period of a couple months, there&#039;s been a significant difference. Not only am I rarely having pain, I feel less anxious and more balanced out emotionally as well. Even friends and co-workers can see the difference in my mood! As for side effects, I experienced the tingling in my hands, feet and face but my Dr. mentioned taking a Multi vitamin each day, which has seemed to help. Also been drinking LOTS of water, to counteract the major dry mouth. Overall, Topamax has been more of an effective, positive experience for me than anything."
"I started taking Biaxin two days ago for both a dental abscess and chronic bronchitis. So far I haven&#039;t noticed a difference but it may take a while. Horrible taste in my mouth and very sleepy. All in all it&#039;s not a bad medication so far."
"I liked my Ortho Micronor. I first started it because I was afraid of the combination pill. I don&#039;t like the idea of taking estrogen. When I first started, I noticed my breast were slightly sore, but nothing too uncomfortable. It has a more strict timeline than the combination pill and you have to be sure to take it around the same time each day  /- 3 hour window. The more inconsistent you are, the greater chance of breakthrough bleeding/pregnancy. I still got a period while taking Micronor, which I was happy about. That&#039;s my one true HEY-IM-NOT-PREGNANT flag. I stopped taking Ortho Micronor just because I wanted something more effective and hassle free. I recently choose an IUD. If I have any problems with this IUD, I would most likely return to using this."
"I was diagnosed with hyperhidrosis on my hands and feet as a child. Growing up with constant sweaty feet, I&#039;ve battled toe nail fungus since I was about 8/9 years old. I&#039;m 23. Today is my first day taking Terbinafine, so I&#039;m a little excited and can&#039;t wait to see results like most of you have. I have about 5/6 infected toes. 4 are severe. (2 big toes and 2 pinkys) I haven&#039;t been able to wear sandals out in public since I was a child. I&#039;ll leave another review when treatment is done in 3 months from now."
"I&#039;m 66 and had a heart attack with bypass surgery 10 years ago.  Erectile dysfunction became a problem since being on a beta blocker and a satin drug since the heart attack.  Doctor cleared me for a test drive on Cialis and I took a 20mg dose for the first time last week. It give me a hard erection like I haven&#039;t had in 10 years, it was great. But the facial flushing and headache was kind of bad.  I&#039;m thinking it was too strong so I&#039;m going to try 10mg to see if it works with less side effects."
"Honestly, I&#039;ve tried MANY different birth controls that had bad side effects for me such as depression, suicidal thoughts, breakthrough bleeding, longer periods.. but this one has been the ONLY birth-control that I&#039;ve had little to no symptoms with. The only difference is I really didn&#039;t experience breast tenderness with my other birth controls but with this one my breasts are tender &amp; also I&#039;m not quite sure when I&#039;m suppose to start my period; I&#039;m on my third inactive pill and haven&#039;t got it yet. With other birth controls I usually start within the first pill of the inactive or the last active pill. Birth control AFFECTS every woman different, its never the same for each person."
"For Pain: &quot;While I&#039;ve gotten very helpful joint pain relief from other brands (WATSON), the MYLAN brand patches are the WORST, MOST INEFFECTIVE, waste of time and money. The backing is thin but stiff pinching the skin making it very uncomfortable and unsuitable. And then they won&#039;t stick. The web site, but not the box, says to press on the patch for better stick, but then pretty much admits you will need tape around the edges which leaves the middle where the meds are still not sticking.  I only am out a small copay but my insurer spent over $200 a box on this garbage. Don&#039;t waste your time to call or write Mylan about their inferior product they will do nothing about it except  &quot;apologize for any inconvenience you may have experienced&quot;."
"I was prescribed Taytulla after having an ectopic pregnancy. My doctor told me that I needed to wait 90 days before trying again. 
So the first package of Taytulla that I took I had no complaints. I&#039;m on my second package and I&#039;ve had nonstop nausea it&#039;s so bad I want to go to the hospital. Then I read reviews where women were gaining weight and having mood swings. Those things are now accurate for me. And I&#039;m upset because I lost 100 pounds so to turn around and gain 17 pounds is very discouraging. My poor husband has been the target of my mood swings. 
I would like to wait to try for another baby but I am done as of today taking this birth control pill."
"I swapped to Sprintec from Microgestin after having suicidal thoughts, weight gain and no sex drive. Sprintec also made me depressed (with no sudicidal thoughts), no sex drive and caused me to gain another 15 pounds. I am normally very active and social but I just sat around all day everyday with no desire to go out and live life.   I&#039;ve since started the Xulane patch and LOVE it. With the patch I have no depression, no suicidal thoughts, my appetite has gone back to how it was before I started birth control and my sex drive has returned."
"My 4 year old was prescribed this for a rash covering his entire body. It was determined to be contact dermatitis (or an allergic reaction to something he had either eaten or touched). The medicine cleared up the rash in just a few days. "
"I have suffered with back pain and muscle spasms for almost ten years.  Sleeping through the night only happened in my dreams.  Travel was limited by the necessity to stop frequently, get out and walk/stretch.  A 200 mile trip could take 6 hours.  Hotel beds were excruciating.  After three weeks of routine dosing,  my dreams are now a reality.  Sleeping thru the night, driving for extended periods and staying away from home overnight have given me my life back.  One word of caution, with your doctor&#039;s guidance, start with a small dose and be patient as the dose is increased.  Beginning large may cause extreme sleepiness.  Yep, the voice of experience.  Fell asleep in mid sentence!"
"I hit my toe and half my foot swollen."
"I was put on Toujeo Solostar on 07/13/2015. It was discovered that I have a carcinoid tumor and my Endo said that Metformin can irritate the cancer,so he wanted me to start Toujeo and Humalog Kwik pen asap.When I was taking the Metformin,my BS were in the low 100&#039;s. On Toujeo and Humalog,the sugars are in the 200&#039;s. I&#039;m at my wits end. Every time the endo. decides to put me on Insulin,my sugars go through the roof,if I&#039;m on Metformin,the sugars are far below the 200&#039;s."
"UPDATE**26 years old was previously on pill switched to this just to try something new. No children. Day 1: 3/23/17... 5 min procedure uncomfortable not excruciating. Really painful cramps once I got home for about 4 hours took aleve to help. Day 2: No cramps light spotting as expected. Days 3-12: Mostly just spotted lightly and had light cramps on and off. 2 of those days I had normal bleeding I needed a tampon. Had several migraines. I get those sometimes  so idk if this had anything to do with that. Day 13-today: No bleeding no cramps no pain during sex. Partner can&#039;t feel the strings. Haven&#039;t had any migraines.  So far so good. Last update will be 6-23-17. That will be my 3 month mark. Don&#039;t let the bad reviews scare you!!"
"This was kind of a miracle cream for me, after my course of treatment (12 weeks) was up, I had a completely clear face. Now, about 5 months later, my spots are starting to return so I think if I had kept using the cream for longer it would have banished them for good."
"I had Nexplanon fitted in February, so have had it for about three months now. At first I had little desire for sex, and had irregular bleeding. Since they have both cleared up, I&#039;ve actually lost weight and my breasts have grown, I sometimes get a little spotting but never a full blown period, and overall I think it&#039;s a brilliant method of contraception. It&#039;s quite surprising to see so many bad reviews! Hopefully I won&#039;t develop any more side effects."
"I used to take Advil for headaches years ago. I must have taken a lot of it, because I had many headaches.  It worked great at the time. Now I have micro colitis which can be caused from taking to much of this NSAIDS. I really wish Google was around back in the day when I was popping all those Advil! I wouldn&#039;t be in the situation I&#039;m in now with my stomach problems!"
"I have been using Seroquel for about 18 months together with Pristiq. At first I took 25g at night then I added to that 100mg Seroquel XR. I seemed far more relaxed and able to cope with life a little better. However over the last 2 months the agitation became unbearable and my depression increased immensely. I have dropped 50mg of the XR over the past few days and I am already feeling less anxious and agitated."
"Let me just start with this: I&#039;m an extremely anxious person. Condoms and the pill were not enough, there was too much room for error. Condoms breaking. Forgetting a pill. Whatever. So I did a lot of research and decided on the Nexplanon, and I&#039;m in love. I have had it for about 8 months and for me, the only side effects have been slight breast tenderness and a little bit of acne. Though my periods are irregular, I have fewer cycles than before Nexplanon. My arm bruised up a bit after the insertion, but it healed up in about a week. I don&#039;t have to worry about the pills or the condoms, and it&#039;s so great. It&#039;s worth a shot! Some hormones work differently with others and you&#039;ll have to figure that out for yourself, but I love mine!"
"I have been on Zovia 1/50 for 5 1/2 months now it is great! I have no acne, no unplanned pregnancies, and my periods are very light. I have gained weight from being on this pill though but I would definitely recommend this birth control!"
"I&#039;m a 47-year-old female and was born with spina bifida, also my spinal cord is tethered. I have scoliosis as well. I don&#039;t even remember a day of not being in pain. I have been on just about all the typical narcotic medications. In June 2011 I finally had to quit my job after 24 years because of the severe pain. My family doctor prescribed Nucynta until I can get an appointment with PM. I&#039;ve been on Nucynta for 3 days, and even though the pain relief seems better than any of the other medications, the side effects are making me evaluate about whether to stay on it or not. I&#039;ve been getting waves of nausea, headaches, dizziness and feeling as if I am overheated. I&#039;m going to keep taking it and hope that the side effects will subside."
"Due to hormonal changes and reduced levels of melanin, I have increasingly witnessed spots on my cheeks and on my nose. I used various Vitamin C serums and other over-the-counter lightening creams. They only had minimal effect and seemed to take a lot of time to achieve anything. The Tri Luma cream requires a prescription and is not covered by insurance (I paid $107.20 for it with a discount card...think it was originally $148.99). Yes, it is pricey, but may I say, upon using it, it is absolutely worth it!! I saw diminished darkness and spotting after the first night of use and upon each night&#039;s use. I have used it for 4 nights now and it has faded the splotches significantly!! Wow!"
"I am 26 years old and having been using Concerta for approximately 9 months. I have been extremely impressed with my new ability to focus and attention to detail. I have always been a daydreamer and that paid off in creativity.  However, daydreaming during a meeting with the president of the company you work for doesn&#039;t pay off.  My wife, out of angst, suggested that I might have ADHD and should consider getting tested.  After a 5 hour psychological evaluation it was decidedly so.  Since I have started Concerta I have been promoted to the top position in my office.  It controls my anxiety and keeps me calm and focused.  The only side effects that I have noticed are weight loss (lost 30 lbs) due to loss of appetite and a lack of emotion."
"I&#039;ve been taking flagyl  500mg twice a day for 6 days now for bacterial vaginitis.  I almost decided to give up on sx but I told my new bf that we have to be extra careful next time.  Wash our hands like a surgeon.  I&#039;m not even sure I want to have oral sx anymore.  I just don&#039;t think it is worth it.  Is it possible not to get an infection with oral.   I am at the home stretch.  I have that metallic taste in my mouth and nausea.  I&#039;m also fatigued but I am a mother of two girls and it could be anything.  My doctor actually prescribed this medication for 10 days but I&#039;m only doing it for 7.  My symptoms are gone and I just wanted to comment because I like reading other people&#039;s stories.  It really helps me not feel so alone."
"After horrible experiences with a multitude of different antidepressants, the realization came upon me that I was possibly bipolar due to a prolonged episode of what I thought could be mania.  Well, my psychiatrist put me on Geodon (40 mg in the evening).  So far, it&#039;s been 2 months and I have had not one depressive or manic episode during this time. The first 2 or 3 days of taking the drug were awful- I had terrible brain fog, and just felt totally whacked-out, but that feeling disappeared after just a few days, so I can&#039;t complain too much.  I&#039;m starting taking an additional 20 mg in the morning to hopefully curb some of my anxiety, so we&#039;ll see how that goes.  As far as psych meds go, this one has reigned far superior so far!"
"After a 6 week period of a severe depressive episode with panic attacks and extreme anxiety, I checked myself into the hospital. The doctor completely changed my meds to Prozac, Wellbutrin, Klonopin, and at bedtime 10 mg Ambien and 400 mg Seroquel. This combination has worked wonders for me. I started falling and staying asleep for a good 8 hours, my ruminating has stopped almost completely, and my depression has really lifted. I attribute a lot of that to the Seroquel, in that it augments the effects of my antidepressants, stops my mind from racing, and has me sleeping well. The two side effects I&#039;ve had are grogginess (which has gotten better) and the munchies. I keep fresh fruits and veggies handy at night to snack on instead of junk."
"This was my first time being on birth control
The first few days were fine, I started it on a Monday, but on Friday morning I was throwing up. After that day I was always nauseous and had insane mood swings. I&#039;d crave something, then once I got it the smell of it made me wanna puke. The only thing I was really able to eat was crackers and soup. The 2nd Monday after I changed my patch...that night I had weird dreams and I kept waking up feeling sick I couldn&#039;t take it anymore, in the middle of that night I took that patch right off. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s due to the fact that I&#039;m tiny 104 pounds and at the time I wasn&#039;t eating a lot. But I&#039;m not even gonna try it again nausea is not fun at all. Anyway, I&#039;m on the pill now, could be happier."
"This OTC medicine was the first to make me stop feeling any pain at all. One day  I had to pull over during my commute to use the restroom at a Parkway  rest stop. I commute over 60 miles to work every day, and have never had to stop. By 11 AM I was aware I had a UTI. On my way home I purchased this product with no idea what it could do, but my doctor couldn&#039;t see me for three more days. Within 30 minutes the constant pain was gone."
"I took this for years and it was effective.  Then I started getting very short dizzy spells.  I knew something was not right, and ended up fainting and in the hospital - my blood pressure dropped and I had sepsis in my bladder.  I am &quot;allergic&quot; to this medicine, so be very careful!  If you don&#039;t feel right, go to the Dr.!"
"I live in the UK so hooray for the NHS. Anyway, I wanted to write this little review just because most of the time you only hear reviews from people that had a horrible experience! I would just like to say that yes the Mirena hurt when it was put in for like a minute, then I felt a bit sick after and then crampy for the rest of the day, gradually getting better (I&#039;ve not had childbirth!) but I don&#039;t regret having it one bit. My periods have stopped altogether and I don&#039;t even need to think about it. I used to get really depressed on the pill for no reason but now I just feel normal. It didn&#039;t work some amazing magic and make me lose a load of weight for me or anything like that, it just did it&#039;s job, which is awesome."
"I have insomnia and it is made worse by a rash that wakes me up because I itch so badly.  The first time I took this was the first time I slept through the night in a very long time"
"I have been on qsymia for about 6 months now I started with the first dose of 3.75mg for the first 2 weeks and lost 9 lbs in those 2 weeks then my Dr. put me on the 7.5 mg  one pill a day every morning with or without food. I have occasional dry mouth which is maintained by drinking plenty of water throughout the day, and every now and again I experience tingling in my feet which will go away in a minute when it does come. When I started this medicine I was 238 lbs now today I am 207 lbs. The Dr. still wants me to lose 30 more lbs, and it seems I have hit a plateau on the qsymia so they want to switch me to Contrave. Has anyone switched from qysmia to contrave? Or even had this similar situation happen to them before?"
"I was given this medicine to &quot;sample&quot;.  I had a brown recluse spider bite on my knee that had already began necrotizing the tissue.  It looked like a black, blown out gun shot wound, the size of the palm of my hand.  My Dr. was recommending surgery to remove the necrosis and ultimately the need for a skin graft.  Bensal HP avoided all of that. The necrosis dried up and fell away, the skin has closed in and regenerated itself.  An amazing ointment that saved my leg!  I&#039;m a believer in Bensal HP!  My General Surgeon was amazed!  3 week healing time!  Amazing!"
"I have Still&#039;s Disease and chronic Sinus infections.  Zithromax the brand will clear the sinus up for a couple of weeks to a few months.  Twice now I have used Azithromycin generic for 5 days, instead of the brand, when all of the local pharmacies were out of brand.   Both times it has done nothing.  I don&#039;t know if this is because my immune system is a little sensitive due to the Still&#039;s. Just know the brand works for me and Azithromycin has no effect. I just get sicker and with my Still&#039;s that can be terrible."
"I&#039;ve been taking it for over a year.  I have taken Lexapro before, but it stopped working.  I take 40 mg a day, I take mine in the morning. I have to say that I still have a burning in my stomach, and night sweats, but I absolutely love this medication. It&#039;s the best. I feel more myself. I don&#039;t have hateful outbursts, I don&#039;t yell at my boys, and I love the way I feel.  So thankful my doctor tried me on this."
"After battling dysthymia alternating with moderate anxiety for years and trying all sorts of natural means to treat it, I slipped into major depression. I was prescribed a low dose of Cymbalta--20 mg. After taking just two pills over three days, it has been one awful drug trip. I&#039;m hoping for the heavy, dizzy feeling of pressure on my brain to end. The lethargy, nausea and chills have also been bad. I have two children, one of whom stayed home sick while I was on this, and I could barely care for her. It killed my appetite, which I didn&#039;t think would be a bad thing, but when you only feel like eating a banana and an orange all day, it becomes a problem. I&#039;m looking forward to &quot;just&quot; feeling depressed again."
"I&#039;ve been on the pills three months and I am not pregnant but I have decided to go off the pill because I bleed too much but other than that everything else was great."
"I started Savella a little over a month ago and had not experienced any side effects until the last two weeks. Palpitations/ elevated resting heart rate and right sided headaches, which I did not realize were due to this medication because I didn&#039;t experience any initial side effects. Overall muscle pain has been greatly reduced, energy increased. Bummed out that I may have to stop due to the new side effects."
"This cream really works for me in just one application I see a difference, I am also using for my rosacea a new cream called Soolantra this is the best!!! No inflamation , no dry skin, no bumps, my skin looks amazing! I apply Soolantra at night and Metronidazole in the morning and works great. I was so embarassed because how bad and flaky was skin was, no it looks great, healthy!"
"I tried Testim samples and found its fragrance revolting and it did not dissipate through the day.  I cannot imagine smelling as if I applied cologne every day of my life.  And I really ripped into the manufacturer&#039;s stupidity on their website.  One thing any man with hypogonadism wants is for no one but his doctor and lover to know he has hypogonadism.  Walking around with the same strong scent everyday would be odd in an office environment and no doubt someone would ask what the cologne name is.  It is so thoughtless."
"This was honestly the worse experience with birth control. It does its job and doesn&#039;t get you pregnant but everything else is horrible! For starters I am a diabetic so healing  does not work so well for me. The hole the nexplanon first went into stayed open for a whole year to the point were I can see the actual nexplanon rod in my arm and sometimes this ugly pimple like bump from the rod trying to poke out. The side effects were also horrible, I would NOT stop spotting, I bled everyday and it is just gross. It even stopped my sex drive because I am so self conscious because I just keep bleeding. So after 2 years of hell. I&#039;m getting it out of my arm tomorrow and I am so excited."
"I have had this implant for 2 years and it&#039;s great ! The longest that I had my period for was a month. But it was only really light spotting. I have not suffered any side effects except blacking out 
twice after getting it implanted. But even with blacking out I&#039;m not too sure it was from the implant as it hasn&#039;t happened since. Now I have not had my period for 8 months and it&#039;s great !"
"I have now been on Zoloft for 2 months and happy to report, I&#039;m no longer NEEDING my oxazepam everyday YAY! 
Side effects I got were crazy heart palpitations, fatigue but both of these have subdued, mind you, it took 7 wks to do so, so for anyone just starting on it, stick it out. Its helped a lot with my anxiety."
"I was switched to Alesse 3 months ago when my other BC brand was discontinued. Experienced a face rash as soon as I finished my first pack to start my period which lasted the entirety of that week. Have had no other side effects until again recently I experienced a more intense rash on my arms, legs and lower back but was in the middle of my pack for month 3, which lasted for about 4 days and now spotting a week before my period is supposed to start. I&rsquo;ve never had a rash in my life before taking Alesse, I&rsquo;ve been on BC for 2 years and the only side effect I ever had was spotting when I first started. Would not recommend alesse if you have sensitive skin (I don&rsquo;t) or react badly to medications"
"Lyrica has helped my pain from fibromyalgia IMMENSELY. It helps better than anything I&#039;ve tried including narcotic pain medicines. I&#039;ve had fibromyalgia for 6 years now and Lyrica is by far the best option for fibro pain. I take 200mg twice daily and 100mg once daily. (It really helps me to take 20mg of Flexeril at bedtime too but build a tolerance first). The combination sets me up for a pain-free day. When starting Lyrica, it does cause a feeling of imbalance, weight gain, and water retention but after about a week or two the side effects go away. I am so grateful for Lyrica. It has improved my quality of life exponentially and I don&#039;t feel all doped up as the narcotics make me feel. THANK GOD FOR LYRICA!"
"I&#039;ve been on this med for over a month and the side effects do not out weigh my symptoms . The withdrawal sucks and the hyperness and the tiredness sucks. I&#039;m 31 and haven&#039;t been on a depressant since I was 15. I lost my sister 5 months ago and it set me into anxiety, panic and depression."
"I have raised areas of skin colored keratosis on my ankles legs and top of hands. My dermatologist prescribe me several creams with no really obvious results to speak of. I was just prescribed the cream and overnight the areas already feel different. I am beyond excited that this seems to be working and such a very short amount of time..."
"I am feeling substantially worse now that I have been on Viibryd for about three weeks.  I had been on Zoloft, which helped quite a bit but not as much as I hoped.  I&#039;ll give Viibryd another few weeks."
"Helps with the nasal congestion more than other meds."
"The first few days on 1 mg in the morning, he was so tired in the afternoon, but by the 5th day he was doing better.  At 2 mg, it started over but never faded.  

After 3 weeks, the Dr. suggested taking it at night, but it was no better.  He would fall asleep on his desk after lunch, in the car or on the cough after school, and just completely lost his personality.  He was calm, and could focus better, but he never laughed, was never silly, barely played, it was awful.  

We tried going back to 1 mg but had more trouble focusing again, so we tried 1mg in the morning and 1 in the evening.  But he was still a little zombie.  SO we gave up.  I&#039;d rather have him bouncing off the walls than too tired to laugh and play."
"I had an infection in my wisdom tooth. My dentist gave me this antibiotic. After 2 days of taking it I got very sick. My stomach was hurting really bad to the point I was crying. I was vomiting. That only lasted a day. But now I week later I&#039;ve been having the diarrhea like crazy. I&#039;ve never went to the doctor yet cause I&#039;m hoping this will just go away but I don&#039;t think it will. DO NOT take this antibiotic. Please don&#039;t. It&#039;s the worse if you get the side effects that I got."
"Have been on Plavix since 1/11 following ant. myocardial infarction with stents.  Experienced moderate bruising.  Have been taking generic medicine for the past 2 months but I am experiencing severe bruising. Will be seeing cardiologist in Oct. to get medically necessary prescription for brand Plavix."
"My GYN put me on spironolactone to try and clear up my acne and excess body hair. My acne has gotten a little better, and I no longer have hair on my chin. I still have some hair on my abdomen and thighs, but I&#039;ve only been on spironolactone for six months. So far, I think it&#039;s great."
"I&#039;ve been on belviq for 2 weeks with the 14 day trial and at first I love it , loss 4 pounds the first week but the second week I&#039;m not losing anything. I know it&#039;s not a miracle pill and weight loss takes time. I&#039;ll definitely be asking my doctor for a full month supply, I&#039;ll keep updating"
"There is no denying that the zubs/subs help give me my life back.  2013 I thought everything was better &amp; I welcomed myself back to the world &amp; as that set in I realized I was just as sick as before---But soon that very feeling starts to wear off too when you then realize your still blocking the same feeling from eventually coming.  Yesterday was 1 week without any zubs. Over the past year I have been prescribed to eat 2 but I got myself down to a quarter within that year. I havent slept in a week- I still have very runny poops &amp; I sweat like anything like I&#039;m in early menopause &amp; I&#039;m only 35.  Yes this drug helped but it only helps if your not on it that long- we need to push for more doctors to control how long we are on this medicine."
"I&#039;ve been taking Dulcolax whenever I get constipated. It only takes about 20 min for the drug to take effect on me but sometimes, longer. It has worked well for me. I did get cramps but they were totally bearable. It works differently for ech person. I suggest that if you wanna try it, just brace yourself and give it a chance."
"My normal period last four days. I just started the depo shot, and my period stopped for about a month. Two weeks ago I started bleeding, I&#039;ve been bleeding for 15 days straight! I go in a few weeks to get my next shot. If the bleeding doesn&#039;t stop soon, I&#039;m gonna have to go back to the doctor to figure something out. My cousin started the depo before me, her period stopped for a while and then all of a sudden she started bleeding for 12 days straight."
"I have now tried 11 hypertension medicines.  I found that quinapril gives me a headache, but not as bad as most of the others.  It also makes me dizzy, but not as bad as some of the others.  And like all the ACE inhibitors, it does lower my blood sugar some, but not as bad as lisinopril or any of the the beta blockers. All of the medicines I&#039;ve tried have contributed to impotence, but unlike the comments of a previous reviewer, I found that quinapril was the least guilty of the lot.  Strangely, since they are both ACE inhibitors, lisinopril is the most guilty."
"I was prescribed the generic form of Lasix a few days ago for severe peripheral edema. The doctor had me taking 20 mg twice a day for three days and now I&#039;m taking 20 mg. So far, I have notice only a subtle difference/improvement in the major swelling of my feet, ankles, legs and abdomen. I am experiencing an increase in frequency of urination, as others have described, but it doesn&#039;t seem like I &#039;m voiding enough, which may be why I am still so swollen. It has been only four days on Lasix and I am in terrible pain. Hopefully, the swelling will subside or at least decrease, otherwise, I will be contacting the MD for advice. I have also experienced headaches daily since I began the medication. I have been extremely dizzy as well."
"Recently I had a horrible head cold, it wasn&#039;t serious enough to see a doctor so I started taking Mucinex D. The second day I took the pill I noticed I was on the drowsy side and my urine was foul smelling. I took it for three days, about two hours into taking the third pill I started to get leg cramps and horrible abdominal pains that lasted for almost another 24 hours. The pain was awful and made me very nervous. My cold symptoms had subsided, so yes it does work but the side effects were awful."
"Young teens, I&#039;m telling you, there is hope. I used to have such bad acne all over my face. I was so insecure and always so sad and it was beginning to make me depressed. I didn&#039;t even wanna look in the mirror. So I got on amnesteem. I had heard all the &quot;bad things&quot; about what it could do to you, but I didn&#039;t care I did it anyways. It was the best choice I had ever made. My skin is so clear I never really get acne anymore maybe one or two every month or so. It&#039;s so so so worth it."
"I started dieting on my own in late June of 2012.  When I started I weighed about 337lbs.  On my own using Visalia shakes I lost about 20lbs.  In August of 2012 I started taking Adipex-P 37.5mg.  As of today Nov 9, 2012, I am down to 271#.  Adipex is great for giving you an advantage and I am really happy with it, but I have made and continue to make better food choices.  I cut out all sodas, even diet.  I try to eat healthy small meals.  I still eat carbs, but I try to limit them.  Eventually I plan on eliminating sugar as well.  I am never going back to where I was and I plan on exercising and pushing myself for at least another 100-120lbs!"
"I have been constipated for a week and took two of these at 10:30pm Friday night and went straight to bed and had stomach pains all night and still am 12 hours later. I still haven&#039;t made a Bowel movement. I&#039;d give this product a 5/10 because there was movement just not entirely the kinda I wanted. Probably won&#039;t use this product again."
"Started Rapaflo last year and found it extremely effective in improving my urine flow and trips to the bathroom. I took in the AM but pharmacist suggested I take at bed time. Taking it at night left me tossing and turning from lack of sleep. After a few nights with very little sleep I changed back to taking in the AM and my normal sleep returned. 

My biggest problem was a total lack of orgasm, no climax and no ejaclulate at all. I found by taking the drug every 3 days I was still able to increase my urine flow and still have orgasm and ejaculate. 

Now my biggest problem is no coverage under my health insurance. They want me to take a bunch of old drugs that give you big breasts and no erections. Blah to that. I&#039;ll pay the $215 for 30 caps"
"I was 45 when I had the mirena coil inserted. I&#039;d never had children so it was painful but bearable. Everyone is different so just make sure you talk any concerns through with your GP. I had a very light period for first three months and occasional cramping but no worse than before I had the mirena inserted, after that I&#039;ve had 4 and a half years period/cramp free. No side effects whatsoever. My 5 years are up so I&#039;m due to have it removed. Have been told I&#039;ll experience the same level of discomfort in the removal so at least I know what to expect and it literally does only take a few minutes."
"Recently my wife commented that my erections were not as firm as they had been and that part way through sex I lost the erection. I&#039;m 58 and we are a very active couple. I decided to try 50 mg Viagra. The Viagra was excellent and my erections have been really firm every time I have used it. I take it an hour before sex and it allows me to achieve a really good erection that lasts as long as we want to make love. My wife and I are really pleased with the results. If we use it at night I wake with an erection which again is really firm. Both my wife and I really recommend Viagra as it has improved our sex life a great deal."
"I started taking Seroquel about 10 years ago. I have to take about 600mg a night plus Ambien to get a good nights sleep (this is as prescribed by my doctor). I don&#039;t know what I would do without it. It changed my life when I realized what a good nights sleep could do. My depression improved just by sleeping better. I&#039;ve never had any terrible side effects. I do tend to have to eat after I take it as it seems to make it work faster. I did have a small amount of weight gain (5-10lbs) but nothing like when I tried Zyprexa (30-40lbs)! Seroquel is definitely something you should ask your doctor about!"
"I&#039;ve been on Linzess 290 for a couple of weeks. It does work for me. I go at least once a day now, as opposed to 2 x a week.
BUT, it does make me extremely tired, and weak, and without much appetite.  I&#039;ve gone from a size ladies 14 down to a size 4, and I keep losing. The doctor wants me to see a nutritionist, maybe this will help."
"I&#039;ve been on opiates for 29 years. I lead a successful and happy life because I&#039;ve always treated painkillers with respect. They are addictive, but they can give you back your life if you use them properly. 

2 years ago my pain doctor switched out my breakthrough meds from 6x 30mg oxycodone to 4x 800mcg Subsys. I also take 3x 80mg OxyContin for steady pain control. 

Tonight I will use my last subsys, tomorrow I was to receive my next 30 day supply. HOWEVER, LINDEN CARE calls me today and tells me they are not sending it. No 30 day supply, no warning. My insurance company called them to okay it, but Linden Care told them since I don&#039;t have cancer I&#039;m not getting it anymore. My pain doctor tried talking to them, still nothing."
"I have spondylolystesis and I have tried every type of medicine you could possibly think of. My doctor has put me on anti depressants, muscle relaxers, Norco, just about anything. I was constantly in pain. My back hurt all the time. I couldn&#039;t even do simple things like sweep the floor or do laundry. I went and seen my orthopedic surgeon and she put me on Voltaren 75mg and I feel like a new person. I have not had any back pain whatsoever. I highly recommend this medicine. I can actually do everything now with absolutely no back pain. Thank God."
"After adjusting to the drug the knee and foot pain I&#039;d been enduring is gone (after taking it for a month) and today I ran up a flight of stairs and I wasn&#039;t winded and my heart didn&#039;t miss a beat. I&#039;d also experienced remarkable vivid dreams. Walking 6k a day helps and go easy on the salt. I also eat a banana in the morning when I take my pill."
"I suffer from terrible cramps and fibroid. I do take a low dose birth control, that sometimes barely helps my cramps. I was given the 1 dose a month, 6 month treatment after my GYNO could barely do a vaginal ultrasound for one of my visit and I had been having a &quot;period&quot; off and on for over 3 months. The fibroid was so large, it obstructed the movement of the wand thingy. I&#039;ve been on it for 5 months, the 1st month, I still got my awful period and spent my usual $50 on pads and Advil, just as heavy. But by the 2nd month, bye bye Aunt Flo and it&#039;s been pretty okay except for the hot flashes,weight gain, tiredness and the sore hips, soles and ankles. The sore hips, soles &amp; ankles don&#039;t hit until the 4th month. The hot flashes just suck!"
"The best working medicine for my Gout.  Pain reduced 95% within the first hour.  I&#039;ve tried steroid packs and other medicines but this works and works fast.  No side effects for me but I follow directions and usually have some food in my stomach before taking."
"I was put on Levora about 5 months ago, due to PAINFUL and STRONG periods. Since I have started to use Levora, I have found that my periods have decreased some in regards to flow (YAH!), and has GREATLY helped me with my cramps! Before taking Levora, I would have to take a pain pill about 2 times a day for the 1st 2-3 days (needless to say, not good for your health). Overall Levora has helped me a lot. As for any issues, I haven&#039;t faced any at this point (acne is about the same, no increased weight or appetite, etc.)."
"Wow is all I can say. I didn&#039;t  realize just how bad I really was until I started taking Zoloft. I lived in a world fighting panic every day....so angry and depressed. I didn&#039;t even know who I was anymore. I&#039;ve been taking 50 mg daily for 2 weeks and am a completely different person. The  side  effects  were minimal and manageable the first week and now are gone. Thank you Zoloft!!!!!"
"I took 2 yesterday at 11:30pm then 5 minutes later I read the reviews and to my dismay the reviews were terrible and I started to panic and wish I didn&#039;t buy it!! So I was up all night thinking I&#039;ll have the worst stomach cramps and vomiting. I woke up at 4:00am and went toilet. No cramping. Then at 6:am no cramping but did let everything out!!! 
I was worried for nothing, but because of the reviews I will be sticking to natural tea."
"Second antibiotic I&#039;ve been on for this sinus infection (Z-pack didn&#039;t clear it up).  I am slowly getting better, but I have all the unpleasant but evidently not dangerous side effects, nausea, dizziness, dry mouth, sour taste in my mouth. I dread taking the pill, because for the next two hours I have to lay my head on my desk because of nausea and dizziness. Even at night, I go to sleep, but wake up three hours later feeling like I&#039;m going to vomit."
"At first, it was horrible. I felt like I was dying every time I would take it before bed, I felt as if I were to fall asleep I&#039;d never wake up. This lasted 2 weeks maybe a month.... My body eventually adjusted to it, the voices went away. Slowly, but surely. I was also in a serious state of depression, and it takes some time but now after a little over a year of taking it, being bipolar and having countless manic and depressive episodes, Seroquel has saved my life. I&#039;ve never felt like myself like I do right now in such a long time. The only dumbs down is you have to seriously monitor your weight on this thing, the pounds just pile up if you don&#039;t watch your weight carefully.."
"I was at work one night and my gallbladder ruptured on me. That was the worst pain I have ever experienced! The pain was so bad that I was drifting in and out of consciousness. Was airlifted to a trauma center and had emergency surgery. They couldn&#039;t do it the laparoscopic way because they had to do the surgery in a rush to hurry and get it out. Was given Dilaudid through IV every 4 hours after surgery. Was very helpful! Didn&#039;t feel any pain at all because it pretty much knocked me out."
"This medicine works perfect."
"Got prescribed this for a terrible earache/infection. It has helped so much!  The pain was unbearable before. Now my ear is feeling alot better and finally draining!"
"Works great for irritable bowel syndrome! I am so comfortable at work only down side it is expensive."
"I got Implanon put in Feb 2013, while I was on my cycle. My cycle stopped when it was supposed to. About two weeks later I bled constant. The Implanon caused me
to have many side effects. I got depressed, anxiety, sad  and hormonal. And I bled constantly until May. Everyone is different and everyone&#039;s body responds in a good or bad way. After having it removed I&#039;d say I&#039;m 99 percent better."
"The WORST taste ever!  It is 3:30 and I am on my second batch of this stuff.  Not sure I will be able to get the entire second batch down.  I&#039;m really feeling like I am going to vomit.  Moviprep does work and works very fast but it is like drinking really bad ocean salt water with a strong taste of lemon.  I am 52 and in excellent shape. Hope I don&#039;t have to do this again real soon.  If so, I&#039;ll do Moviprep over a 2 day period. Good luck : )"
"Lots of energy but at night I feel kind of lite headed"
"Diamox didn&#039;t work and I hate it"
"A word to the wise be sure the Doc. knows what medicines you are on before you take this medicine. I have acid reflux really bad. Went to the ER couldn&#039;t breathe, lost my voice, felt like I had an extremely tight chest. They diagnosed me with Gurd, I said I think I have caught the stomach bug. The ER Dr. gave me (2) shots of Reglan and a prescription to fill. Next morning I take my first dose spend the next two days confused, anxious, down and depressed. Looked up side effects of Reglan and realized it didn&#039;t mix well with the meds that I take daily and I had been given a little to much at once. After taking a couple days of musinex for congestion, mylanta for my stomach, inhaler to breathe 3 days later stomach bug gone!"
"This is the only drug on the market that has worked to keep me healthy year round. It keeps my lungs clear and prevents it from turning into bronchitis, which if not treated with antibiotics then turns to pneumonia."
"I&#039;ve had panic and general anxiety for years. It&#039;s been exacerbated by hormonal changes and menopause, and I&#039;ve had major trouble getting a full night&#039;s sleep. I have used Xanax occasionally and love the way it eliminates my anxiety, but I don&#039;t want to get addicted. My doc had me try a low dose Buspar and it didn&#039;t work for me at all. Gave me a horrendous headache, very very painful. I tried it for about three days and had the same experience every time. I had to stop taking it since this side effect was debilitating. I was hoping it would work for me, and so glad it works for others. Just putting my experience out there in case others have this problem. I&#039;m trying Celexa now instead and have learned to limit Xanax usage."
"I have been on this for about a month, I was 345 lbs when I started and got as low as 317lbs. I have had headaches, no nausea, but I do feel tired all the time but I also have seasonal effective disorder which may play into it. I cheated a little by upping my dose every 5 days instead of every 7 but now i&#039;ve hit a plateau. I&#039;m hoping that I start losing again cuz so far this is the first time i&#039;ve been able to lose weight. This is my last hope. I haven&#039;t done any exercising because I&#039;m disabled &amp; its tough for me. I&#039;m hoping I can start once I lose more weight. It caused constipation &amp; diarrhea at times, I have gotten abdominal cramps if I try to eat to big of a portion or eat too frequently. I have noticed that I eat a lot less."
"I took 4 dulcolax against the package directions which indicate to take only 1. I didn&#039;t have cramping or an explosive bm. When I did finally poo about 12 hours after taking the pills, it was slow and required lots of effort and pushing. I didn&#039;t get everything out as desired...but I did at least have a bm."
"My son is 15 and was diagnosed with ADHD and Bipolar Disorder when he was 4.  We have tried many medications but the one to gave the most focus and changed his quality of life has been Adderall XR.  We immediately notice his lack of focus and hyperactivity level changes if he is late taking his medicines."
"I am 1 year off of opiates, and my success was supported by Suboxone. The day I walked into my physicians office and asked him for help was the beginning of a brand new life for me and my family. I am so grateful for the help of my Dr., my family, and Suboxone!"
"I hate Nexplanon. I&#039;ve been on it for 2 months and I&#039;ve been having periods every 2 weeks and thy last for 2 weeks! I&#039;ve been feeling depressed, I have cravings and eat more than before, I&#039;ve been having baby fever for some reason, and I want to cry for no reason most of the time! I&#039;m really getting tired of it and I will most likely take it out. The only positive thing about it is that it is effective."
"Hi my name is Kaitlyn
So I&#039;ve been using minocycline for four years now and just recently stopped this medicine. My face used to be super bad to the point my whole face was red but when I started using minocycline things started to change for me! My face actually looks good now and what&#039;s even better is it cleared up right on time I&#039;m now a Sophomore in High School and things couldn&#039;t be better!!! The downside to using it my face started to grow bumps on my face at first I thought it was just acne?! It wasn&#039;t!! I saw my dermatologist and they said I shouldn&#039;t of been on it for so long and now I switched to Doxycycline, and Adapalene for my bumps on my nose from where I was using Minocycline so long. I just wanted to share my experience "
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about four months now and at the age of 25, having suffered from acne since I was a teenager, I AM COMPLETELY CLEAR! Seriously, I barely even need foundation anymore. I occasionally get a little spot here and there, but that is nothing compared to my moderate (but always consistent) acne before! I read some of these reviews and I can honestly say I&#039;ve had absolutely NO side-effects. I also use this pill in conjunction with a benzoyl peroxide lotion in the morning and a cream called adapalene at night before I go to bed. But seriously, this medicine has changed my life!"
"Had started to experience insomnia about ten years ago after a shoulder injury, even after that healed I had a horrible time getting to sleep, I could not turn my mind off. I was prescribed this medication and had some initial side effects but the medication works for me. I think I have became addicted to it, there have been some days I did not take it or could not afford it and when that happened I could not fall asleep. Ambien gives me a good night&#039;s rest and I wake up feeling refreshed."
"I took this medication SMZ/TMP for acne/scars on my face.  I had a very severe allergic reaction. My face was swollen and lips. My hands swelled up. I had terrible pains in my wrists up to my arms and pain in my stomach/abdomen.  This happened after taking it for around a week. My dad had to drive  me to the Emergency Room because I couldn&#039;t swallow and was almost choking. I was so scared. I warn anyone going on this medication to think twice. I had no idea I would have an Anaphylaxis reaction to it. Very serious. It was Hell going through this and I really thought I would die. I didn&#039;t know what was happening to me as I was choking in my sleep. My mom looked up the side effects and that&#039;s when we found out it was a terrible reaction."
"I have been taking zohydro now for about 3 months and what a difference it has made. My doctor will be increasing the dosage from the 20mg to the 40mg because I still take hydrocodone for breakthrough pain and the zohydro doesn&#039;t quite take the pain away at the current 20mg. I started at a lower dose to see if there were any reactions to the medication and to date I have had none. It doesn&#039;t last the 12 hours as it says but that has been the case with any time released meds that I have tried due to my metabolism. It is hard to find and cvs pharmacy has paperwork that their corporate office has to have completed before they will fill the prescription and that can take a month. Insurance did cover it after a formulary exemption was filed."
"I was initially prescribed 200mg daily (100mg morning and night) along with 10mg of Citalopram (which I&#039;ve been on for a while). I have had generalized anxiety disorder for 7 years and was never prescribed anything but Prozax (when I was 15, and I had a bad reaction and was taken off it) and citalopram). I begged my doctor for an anti-anxiety medication as I was really desperate. I was afraid of taking a new medicine too, but took it anyway. I can honestly say it is incredible. My sometimes near constant anxiety state went down to near nothing. After about 3 months I needed to go up to 150mg twice daily. After about another 2 1/2 months some anxiety and sleep problems have crept back and I think that I may need another increase. My only problem with this frankly amazing medicine is its tendency to wear off after a few months. I experienced few side effects (dizziness, fatigue, loss of appetite). I have recommended this to a friend."
"Our Facts:  Son was getting into trouble at school every day. He was a terror around the house. His diet was exceptional, eating vegetables, fish, fruit, rice, and no sugary drinks or high fructose corn syrup.  Lots of love and discipline at home. Got in trouble all the time at home and school because he&#039;s uncontrollable.
With Focalin he immediately improved and is doing great in school.  He is actually happier and feeling better now.  While his appetite is down while on the medicine (about 7 hours), he eats a huge breakfast and a huge dinner to compensate.  Even his tick has gone away.   We are very relieved. Only downside is that it only lasts about 7 hours.  So when he gets home, he starts amping up again."
"I have been taking Meridia for one week now and I feel so much better already. What a difference this medicine has made. It is worth every penny to get my life back. I have already cut out sweets and have reduced my daily caloric intake with ease. Nothing has worked for me in the past, but I am feeling very confident about Meridia. I can&#039;t wait until my family sees the new me at the holidays!"
"I have been using Zithromax for the past 6 years to fight off my upper respiratory tract infections.  I have tried almost everything else in the military medical inventory to win against the URI&#039;s I get yearly (every Sept/Oct Time frame) but Zithromax wins hands down every time.

Does not matter during which stage of the URI you begin to take the medicine.  The first or second night you will start to fight the infection hardcore and you might notice a fever develop as your body fights against the bacteria.  After that its smooth sailing so you feel better by the 3rd day and completely cured by the 5th day.

It is definitely a wonder drug and worth the extra money."
"I like this medicine for tension headaches.  It works fast.
The bad side is, it makes me jittery and on edge. It must be the low dose of caffeine.  I really don&#039;t know.  But I take it as a last resort.  I don&#039;t get sleepy or tired. Just a little &quot;out of it&quot;    I know the caffeine is there to help, just wish it was lower.
I also take ativan. Not at the same time, a few hours later.  It gets rid of the fioricet jitters.  Hate to have to take them both in the same day.  I have to much to do, to put my brain in a fog, and my nerves on high alert. With my job I need to be focused.  Can&#039;t take on a work day.   
Maybe it&#039;s time to try something else.
But..this does work for tension.  So if you can be at home, good headache med to take."
"I used Intal for 20 years and I believe it stabilized my asthma attacks (I am allergic to dogs).
Recently I had to use when on trip to Europe and when I get back to Canada I realized that they discontinued the capsules whatsoever. I will be trying nebulizer. "
"Depression gone and fibromyalgia reduced by 65 percent.  I do have much intestinal distress which I attribute to the side effects.  I&#039;m on 60mg.  Started 8 months ago.  Same time distress began.  I&#039;m thnking of asking for a lower dose to see if that helps.  If I miss a dose I have horrible nightmares and night sweats. I don&#039;t want to give it up since it helps so many of my problems."
"I had my Implanon inserted in December 2011 after three years on the NuvaRing. At first I considered having it taken out again because I was experiencing non stop bleeding. But I stuck it out and by the third month everything was back to normal and I haven&#039;t had a period since. I super enjoy that. My sex drive was normal and it was a relief not to make constant trips to the doc for condoms anymore specially since I&#039;ve been with the same partner for over 5 years. The insertion was very easy and fast with minimal scaring. My insurance covered both the device and the visit to have it inserted. So far I will never go back to any other birth control. As soon as I have mine taken out in December of 2014 a new one will go in at the same visit."
"The only side effect I have had is itching at the injection site."
"I&#039;m on my 4th pill of Macrobid...ok the reviews here will scare the crap out of you but let me give you a few tips. I made sure my dr prescribed me Zofran so when I took the first pill ( be sure to take it with FOOD) I took a Zofran . I did feel nauseous for about 30 mins and felt a little woozy but it didn&#039;t last long ...took the 2nd pill with FOOD and got a headache but nothing horrible and had no other side effects ...
By the time I took the third pill I had no side effects but I still took pill with food and zofran . 

Don&#039;t let the reviews scare you . I feel so much better after 4 pills as far as my infection and the more the pills get in your system the less severe the side effects should be.

Zofran and food and you&#039;ll be good to go"
"I suffered for 10  years not knowing what was wrong. Ankylosing Spondylitis was taking my life in a painful way. Enbrel has been like a miracle, the pain was gone after the first day. If you are still suffering and other medicines are not doing the trick, ask your doctor to put you on Enbrel. After taking it for 6 weeks, my Ankylosing Spondylitis is 90% better. I&#039;m 44 years old and bought an off road dirt bike and go out riding as often as I have time now. The only pain I have now are the bruises."
"Although I have only had Mirena for 4 days I would like to state that my healing experience wasn&#039;t bad at all. I took 1 ibuprofen the night before and day of the procedure then 2 ibuprofens before I left for the procedure. Yes getting it in did hurt a bit but not the worst pain of my life. Also, I went back to working out the following day with no cramps or anything. I am 20 and I have never had a baby and the experience really wasn&#039;t bad at all. Just a little bit of cramping during and after the procedure then I was cramp free. "
"I was on quetiapine for a few months. It worked wonders and levelled my mood wonderfully and I was thankful to have something work so effectively. However I suffered from two major side effects; tiredness and weight gain. My doctor and I tried to combat the weight gain and tiredness but in the end I had to change to another medication as we couldn&#039;t control it and I was only on 25mg at night. I don&#039;t want to put people off as this drug helped me with my mood disorder and I&#039;m sensitive to some side effects."
"I take these every 6 hours for my ankle and they really work and help out with pain. Make sure you take stool softner though."
"I&#039;ve been taking Levofloxacin for bronchitis (5 days, 750 mg), and I think it&#039;s helped a little bit, but it&#039;s day five (last dose tonight) and I still feel only a little better than I did before I started. Maybe it&#039;s a virus or something, so it isn&#039;t responding? Oh well.

The biggest problem I&#039;ve had is the side effects: not as bad as what most people have been talking about (knock on wood), but I have experienced severe, severe nausea, and also insomnia. I take it at around 6 p.m., and the nausea usually goes away by the next afternoon. I started taking it with food, and also drinking a probiotic, and it seems to be helping a little, though I still feel a bit sick. 
The insomnia is pretty bad! "
"I had 9 or 10 cycles of Vidaza.  It did nothing for my MDS."
"I suffer from spinal stenosis and have for 5 years. This keeps the pain to a level where I can get out of bed. It last about two hours and tolerance to the medication develops within 18 months. Was moved up to the 10mg pill with much better results."
"Hi,

I have been using Effexor xr for about 9 months now and have been off it for about 3 weeks. I am still experiencing sexual disfunction. I understand this to be post SSRI sexual dysfunction which can last a few months, to a few years, to permanently. I wanted to let people of the this risk of taking an SSRI."
"Excellent medicine....don&#039;t hesitate."
"I know every medication works different on each person. But Abilify worked great for the first few months. I felt like my old self again. I took 10mg once a day but over the course of 1.5 years my blood pressure went up (never had a problem with it before it had always been perfect), all my cholesterol levels skyrocketed, my glucose levels went up, my muscles begin to get tight, I GAINED 50lbS too, and the worse part was the i was beginning to have more up-n-down moments and depression. "
"I had to give this medication a 10 because, ultimately, it is extremely effective in the prevention of pregnancy. I started taking this pill when I was 17 and I&#039;m now 21. As a teenager, it was great. No acne and predictable periods. But I gained a LOT of weight (I was usually 109-115 and now I&#039;m 135-140), mostly in my thighs and lower abdomen that would not go away. I also completely lost my libido. It was devastating. I have terrible mood swings and am usually completely incapacitated every first day of my period. I also started to have quite a bit of spotting for the last year and a half. I&#039;m always nauseous, dizzy, tired, achy, and depressed. It also increased my migraines and made them much worse. I do not recommend this."
"I used to be on Beyaz, which was great for me. Then when I moved out of the country, I had to switch to Yazmin (same company). It&#039;s my first month, and I am SO moody! I have gotten into big fights with my boyfriend over the smallest things in just the past couple weeks that I&#039;ve been using this pill. I don&#039;t feel like myself. I am constantly going into depressions (I was already depression-prone before the pill). Sure, it&#039;s getting the job done, I don&#039;t have any physical issues really (though I do have headaches, but it may not be from the pill), but overall the moodiness isn&#039;t working for me. I&#039;m going to be switching to Yaz next month."
"Between my 2 pregnancies I had a ParraGuard, my bleeding was out of control. I had to stay indoors 2 to 3 days a month because nothing I used could guarantee I would not end up in an embarrassing situation. After my 2nd pregnancy my doctor recommended the Mirena. What a change!!! I love it! I&#039;m already on my 2nd one. I have to be honest, the replacement was quite painful but if I weigh it up against all the positives... no periods for 8 years, no mess or stress about excessive bleeding! I still have my monthly cravings but that to me is just a sign that I am still a woman. I will recommend the Mirena to all my friends."
"As a former gastric bypass patient,  I know all to well about the on going struggle to loose weight. I&#039;ve suffered many complications from this surgery and actually regret having it done. I&#039;ve gained roughly 60 lbs back of this original 130 I lost. After talking with my doctor she recommended belviq. I started taking belviq June 29, 2015. I weighed 240 and today I weigh 229.2. So that a total loss of 11 lbs in 3 weeks. I&#039;ve been walking AND running and have completely cut out fruit juices and eating rice every day. 

I will warn you that I didn&#039;t take the pill for 2 days due to being out of town, and I experiences the worst nausea and headaches. I actually became sissy in Walmart while shopping and had to sit down to gain my composure."
"This has been the most amazing medicine for major depression and chronic fatigue. It has literally changed my life. I have lived over twenty years with severe Major Depression and nothing has ever come close to giving me the quality of life that this has. A very long story short this medicine has helped myself, my son and my husband. I will never again go without it.
I must stress that you have to take the time to figure out the dose that&#039;s right for you! I doesn&#039;t happen overnight.
Good luck to all of you in your struggle."
"I have been taking Provigil for 1 year now. I take 200mgs 3 x daily. It has helped me more than any other drug I have been prescribed, however I do get headaches and find myself dehydrated."
"Have been on the patch for 5 months now &amp; it&#039;s just awful, I feel nauseous all the time &amp; get headaches and the dizziness that comes along with it. My periods are heavy &amp; have painful cramping, some in between bleeding"
"I wanted to take this medicine to deal with period related migraines. I have been bleeding for the last 15 days. I have never had a bad reaction to a birth control pill before. It is distressing. My doctor has taken me off this medication and switched me to a higher dose pill."
"Couldn&#039;t live without it. Keeps me somewhat mobile, otherwise I&#039;d be unable to get around, and unable to sleep at night."
"Using Stelara has been nothing short or amazing for me. I didn&#039;t have 95% body-coverage like some of the people here but my hands were completely covered and it seemed to be spreading onto my wrists and up my forearms. The pain was excruciating and I was emotionally exhausted from constantly trying to hide what was happening to me. I&#039;m a musician/educator and spend a great deal of time in front of people.  I do feel that Stelara saved my life. I am 100% clear of all signs of psoriasis. No itch, no bleeding, no pain, just normal looking skin. I am also completely alleviated from the mental strain, anxiety, self-consciousness, etc. What an amazing change in my life."
"I have been on the nexplanon going on 2 years now. I&#039;ve only had 1 actual period and have spotted at least 3-4 times. This month August 2015, I have spotted once on the 4th of this month lasted for 5 days and now I am spotting again, 13th of this month. This is the first time this has happened since I have been on this birth control. I have gained quite a bit of weight since I&#039;ve been on the birth control. My mood swings have gotten a lot worse and I&#039;m always tired and don&#039;t have the energy to do anything. I always have this bloating feeling. Good thing is I have not gotten pregnant since I&#039;ve been on this birth control."
"I had taken this medicine in place of Xanax.  I found Tranxene to be a life saver. Thank you"
"First day had bad gas.. I have been taking this almost two months from a research company and haven&#039;t seen any changes or feel any different other than the first day. I still only go once every two weeks..I&#039;m on lowest dosage right now."
"It has really made living life easier for me; but the only downside is that you become so un-shy that you can end up getting yourself into a lot of trouble. You care much less about the usual aspects of life such as school work or deadlines. It basically made me more prone to risky behavior."
"I have had my mirena for 11 months now and inserted after my second child. My husband and I recently moved across country so I thought for sure my hair loss and anxiety of a new place was due to the stress of moving. However we have now been here for six months and life couldn&#039;t be better so when I started having panic attacks out of no where with no history of ever having them I thought for sure I was going crazy. I have terrible mood swings, bloating, weight gain (even with proper diet and exercise), gassy, hair breakage, moderate almost uncontrollable depression (when I have had little and controlled it before), yeast infections, I mean the TMI list can go on and on. I don&#039;t recommend this to anyone."
"Flexeril: short-term memory loss and extremely vivid dreams were my side effects. I had muscle spasms for a week and began taking 10mg only at bedtime. It made me sleep long but not well, as I had very strange vivid dreams that kept waking me. I also found myself incredibly forgetful, forgot things within an hour. I thought I was losing my mind. I stopped taking it immediately, but after a week it&#039;s still in my system.  "
"I started with Prozac and could not sleep at all.  With Effexor 150mg, I could sleep standing up and was so sedated that I could not function.  Withdrawal from 150mg to 75 to 37.5mg was OK, but after that withdrawal was hell with dizzyness and nausea.  Changing back to 75mg, I still slept well, had a good sense of well being and could still function. With it 20 years now"
"Well I not pregnant but this pill has killed my sex drive. I had no prior problems with being &quot;turned on&quot; now there&#039;s nothing and sex  is just painful now. Also pretty sure it&#039;s the reason I&#039;ve been having constant yeast infections for months now."
"My wife has been on Auryxia for over 1 1/2 years, this med has caused stomach pain and nausea. Her blood levels recently came back with a 3.5 which is great and she takes 5 with each meal and renvella had caused her to feel so full  that she wanted to bust."
"I tend to have bowel movements every other day and a week before starting my period is hard for me to go. I tried the Dulcolax suppositories and they work like a charm. I insert the suppository and about 15 minutes later I feel the natural urge to go and I go smooooothly! Yes there is some mild mild cramping but it is not uncomfortable. It burns a little bit and it keeps working for about an hour after so plan ahead. I definitely recommend this product."
"I&#039;ve taken Xanax for years for occassional insomia. For the past year, I&#039;ve been battling with high blood pressure along with some new health issues that popped up. For the last two weeks, my heart has been racing and my stomach has had butterflies.  I really felt like hiding under the covers and didn&#039;t know why. I kept wondering why am I SO afraid lying in bed watching TV?  I felt as though my heart was about to just rip itself out of my chest.  So I decided to take a Xanax during the day and it was like a miracle cure.  Hopefully, the panic attacks wont last forever, but thank God, I had something to help."
"This medicine was initially a God send and my joint problems got better to the point that I was able to cut down on my pain killers.  Side effects included upset stomach and abdominal pain, muscle pain.  Unfortunately I have developed thyroid nodules and my liver has become enlarged and my spleen shrunk - all was well when I had a scan before taking the medicine. Have had to stop the injections and my joint condition has come back with a vengeance. "
"I have been on this for 2.5 months now and before this I had the paraguard and I had terrible periods and I would get terrible cramps anytime I was bloated and now I don&#039;t have any of those side effects and I am feeling pretty much like myself on this pill. My moods are pretty even, I do get some brown spotting on and off again and I am hoping with longer use it will subside. I am continuously cycling and it might just take a while for my body to get used to it. I can become anaemic easily so its nice having the iron pills hand with this bc. If it is affecting my mood, its making me a little more selfish and thinking of myself more and to put myself first which is actually helpful for figuring out exactly what I want to do with my life"
"Used occasionally for over 20 years. The Best anti-nausea without doubt. When I use it, I actually enjoy travelling."
"Been on trinessa for 6 months because my insurance won&#039;t give me ortho tricyclen. I used to just go to the health dept and get ortho for free, I was on that 15 years and didn&#039;t have a single issue. Trinessa makes me bloated, irritable, depressed, sore swollen breasts, I cry a lot and I&#039;ve gained 20  lbs!!!! No babies is the only plus."
"Have been on 300mg for over 6 months with 0 improvement, I&#039;ve actually gotten worse as things have progressed substantially for the worse. I can&#039;t take lithium due to being naturally dehydrated all the time. I was told this drug was gonna change my life, it just wasted my damn time."
"I am in my 40&#039;s and have got Frozen Shoulder in my left shoulder.  My doctor prescribed Vicodin 5-500mg and it takes the edge off the pain. After the the first prescription of 30 pill were gone I requested a refill my doctor said he would only refill that bottle once more and that is it.  Stating that I would have to endure the pain.  He did not want me to become addicted.  Well I appreciate the concern, but what about my pain? My pills have not run out yet but when they do there will a constant pain. It affects my happiness, work, etc."
"I had to take a double dosage of Keflex. I weigh about 115lbs and had to take 500mg 4 times a day for 10 days. I didn&#039;t have any issues with side effects or drinking alcohol while on it. It was prescribed as a precaution after I accidentally got a cut on my leg that required 13 stitches. The only dissatisfactory attribute was the horrid sulfur smell of the capsules."
"I was put on LoSeasonique in October of 2010 for endometriosis. I am only 20 years old so the doctors have been trying hard to find something that will work for me and not cause life long effects. This pill did the trick. I have had nothing but happiness with it, it helps the pain of the endometriosis. My doctor gave me 6 months to try it (2 sample packs at once) to see if it worked. I was stupid and took it back to back so I didn&#039;t have a period for 6 months. I did spot and bleed for that reason. The bleeding was heavy and painful so as soon as I finished the pack I allowed myself to have an actual period before starting a new pack. Since that mistake, I only had weight gain and it was only 10 pounds. I love it."
"Fantastic medicine."
"No effect after 3 months on it."
"I started lo lo feb 2015.. I literally had my period for about a month with the worst cramps I have ever experienced. Like some one was squeezing and twisting my ovaries.. My doc said to wait it out a few months to let my body get used to it. For about 5 months my period was heavier than it had been without a pill. Then.. My period just stopped! It was so nice not having a period at all so I decided to stay on it. And with that I gained 15 pounds( did not change diet or stop exercising) I work out 5-6 times a week and eat a very clean diet. I&#039;ve never been a super emotional person and lately I&#039;ve been bursting into tears! I could be watching something as simple as a audition on &#039;the voice&#039; and get teary eyed. proceed w caution.new bc 4 me !"
"This medication would be great if they could put it with a transdermal delivery system like the Duragesic patches. I have Continous Segmental Mycolonus and it relieve a lot of the pain. The down side to it for me is that I have to take a pill every 6 hrs and when I wake up in the morning it&#039;s almost tolerable to get out of bed, that is why I prefer the patches. You don&#039;t have to worry about taking any pills for 72 hrs and you go to sleep comfortable and you wake up comfortable, and sleep deeper. It&#039;s a good pain medication for my type of pain."
"I am a 35 year old male is very good shape with genetically high cholesterol. I have been extremely intolerant of statins and tried Praulent per my doctor&#039;s recommendation. I spoke with a pharmacist and got very little information about this medication as it is very new. I was hopeful and my first injection went well. I had very minor flu-like symptoms for three days and then felt like normal. Injection two came with typical statin-like side effect (achy joints, sore muscles, fatigue) along with irritability, sexual performance issues, and mild depression. Shot three was my last. It made statins seem nice. Symptoms all increased. I got sores in my mouth and became extremely depressed. Symptoms subsided 3 weeks after last injection."
"Stomach pain, nausea, weakness, lethargy"
"Worked great!!! Pooping like a champ. "
"Started on a half pill a day and it worked for about a week. Upped to a full pill after that but recently had the worst attack I&#039;ve had in a long time. Glad to be seeing the cardiologist in a couple weeks. Going to try diet alterations instead."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for 3 years now. I was 21 when it was originally placed. At that time I knew virtually nothing about Skyla so I assumed every risk would happen to me. None of them, not one, happened. There was the slight pain when it was placed and I honestly don&#039;t even remember spotting in the weeks afterwards, but that was 3 years ago. Since then I&#039;ve had no troubles, worries, or children. So in my case this has been an absolute success. I&#039;ve read some of the other horror stories and honestly I would&#039;ve been afraid to get one after those. But, I can truthfully say, for me it&#039;s been great."
"I have been depression for over 7 years but in that short period of time I was immediately suicidal. By &quot;fate&quot; I found my salvation. One day I was saying my goodbye to all as I could not live any longer with such sadness and complete doom. I was sitting with my mom and during all the crying I told her I had a severe headache. She only had tramadol. I took two. It saved my life that day and is still. I had tried before and even after all kinds of other medicines and none worked."
"I took this med along with cipro. First day... I broke out in hives. I knew it was this one cause it was put thru iv and hives came out as soon as it was connected. So, they kept giving me benedryl along with it. Then..on the 3rd night of being in hospital, I was having so much pain (I cried the whole night) in my lower back and legs, thought it was the hospiral bed..so a I went home anyway. Took oral and back pain was unbearable!  I stopped taking it and back pain was completely gone. Will never take that again!!!"
"Working well for me. I requested this medication from my gynecologist post pregnancy. Lifelong mood swings controlled, no weight gain, breasts got larger, symptoms of PCOS almost disappeared, as well as stabilizing my thoughts &amp; behaviors due to premenstrual dysphoric disorder. I got pregnant in my early 30&#039;s  after unsuccessful attempts for conception. I didn&#039;t know prior to pregnancy that I had PCOS but in hindsight, it made sense. The drosperinone at the higher dose found in Safyral made all the difference for me."
"I have had about 4 or 5 colonoscopies and every prep I have ever done has been bad. Suprep is no different. I barely got down the prep let alone the 32 more ounces of water. I even took nausea meds before hand. I used the berry propel water to mix it and sucked on the lemon after each huge gulp. I even had some orange flavored water I had to drink as well to keep from vomiting. It tastes nasty but started working within an hour. I also have been on clear liquids since yesterday and started the prep this evening. I already have the water. If you have had as many bowel issues as I have then this is just a bad irritable bowel episode with less discomfort. The MD gave me the prep in his office."
"I had Mirena inserted after I had my daughter and it hurt for the first day then nothing, never felt it. Ever since I had it in I never had a period (which was nice) never had a problem with it besides I could never feel the strings but my doctor told me she cut them short on accident."
"It&#039;s kind of a good birth-control but my period last at least a month or more and my periods are heavy the whole time and it&#039;s draining me "
"very very good my eye inflamation end after 3 time uses"
"After the first month these are my notes: 1. No noticed moodiness, 2. I had breakouts but they could also be a result of new hair products, foreign desert country, drinking red bull, and not enough water). 3. normal sex drive (sometimes on and sometimes off), 4. My period started a few days after I finished the active pills (I don&#039;t take the white ones). It lasted 7 days in which the middle days were heavier, and the first few days were extremely light. After my period I decided not to use it because I started taking antibiotics to fix my facial acne, my skin actually got noticeably worse, my sex drive decreased, and I got a yeast infection. So needless to say I&#039;m back on the pill and just naturally taking better care of myself."
"I was put on yaz about 5 weeks ago.at first I had no side effects.after I started the second set I started bleeding.it has been ongoing for 10 days now and all I wanna do is cry.I have no energy.and it did not help with straightening out my period like the doctor said it would.I stopped taking it and I feel better just gotta figure out y I&#039;m still bleeding.the doctor said I was primenaposal. I seriously doubt birth control can help with that.I&#039;m ready for second opinion.I will never take yaz ever again.plus the pain was 10 times worse."
"Dry mouth, tremors, but no other significant side effects."
"Thankfully this antibiotic worked for my severe sinusitis sinus infection when nothing else would. No side effects and it started working right away."
"started on a low dose and became a zombie. All I wanted to do was sleep. I couldn&#039;t focus on anything, school, work. family. I know others it has worked for. My wiring doesn&#039;t seem to accept it."
"This medicine did wonders for me at 19 to 20yrs of age. I slipped into a severe depression. I had to think about WHAT TO THINK ABOUT. Felt like my mind would go blank at any moment. But after being given this medicine, within 3 weeks I snapped out of it. I stopped taking it and haven&#039;t needed it again since. But it is a comfort to know it is there should I ever go through that again. "
"I took this pill for birth control, less cramps and a lighter period. Overall, the pill got the job done. I had very light periods and they lasted only 5 days. However, only one month into taking the pill, I got my very first yeast infection. Since then, I have had many infections/vaginal irritations. Sometimes lasting a whole month!!! This has ruined my sex drive and made me very uncomfortable. I finally realized that maybe the pill is causing this irritation and I have been off of it for a week. Feeling better....Also, breasts grew a full size but were always very tender. Never had bad breakouts, but did gain a little weight - 5 lbs."
"After taking the pill for 3 years I had to switch to a new form of birth control. My gyno highly suggested I try Nexplanon and I wish I never did. I had it for a little over a month and I had so many side affects. I was nonstop spotting, had inflammation down there 3 different times, and the worst mood swings. I was constantly either extremely depressed or really angry. To the point where I truly feared I was going to hurt someone. I finally got it removed today, very quick but painful once the numbing goes away. I&#039;m looking forward to being my normal self again. I would not recommend this to anyone. "
"I had blissfully forgotten how much pain I had been living with before taking Cymbalta, until I ran out unexpectedly. Pretty short half-life. The pain was debilitating and constant; much worse were the very unpleasant withdrawal symptoms which took hold very quickly - won&#039;t list them as they probably were related to my brain trauma. Obviously it&#039;s best not to run out, but if so, be aware of the withdrawal symptoms and pain returning. The good news is that all that unpleasantness is gone relatively quickly: 2-3 days. 
Another point: not covered by my insurance, and I take 90mg/day ($$$), but my G.P. spoke to Lilley (manufacturer) who agreed to provide me with 6 months worth at a time - gratis! Worth checking into."
"I was depressed. I had maybe one good week each month... . Then I started taking Yaz because a friend told me it helped her, but she also said I had to be patient. I think it took three months and then I noticed I was so much better! I took Prozac and didn&#039;t notice any changes, but Yaz saved my life. I&#039;m not PMS free but I have more good days than bad ones. I read some of the comments and I recognized side effects experienced by another friend. It just didn&#039;t work for her. It actually made her worse (I think Yasmin worked for her, though). I wish they keep researching and, as time goes by, we have even better options. It&#039;s not easy being a woman. And I hope Yaz works for you."
"I&#039;ve had the skyla in for about 2 weeks now. The only pain while inserting the skyla was the clamp, other than that I didn&#039;t feel anything. I also have a child so that might be why. I highly recommend this type of birth control to anyone. Nothing has changed besides my period was a little late and it&#039;s very light and mucus like."
"I always get bronchitis in February.  Last February was no exception but it actually went into pneumonia very quickly.  Probably had something to do with fact I was moving that week...Worked too hard and got no rest. Had no choice, went to Urgent care and as I said I get bronchitis every yr.  Always take Z-pack, good cough syrup and an atomizer and rest and get well.  This time they gave me Augmentin.  875 mg. twice a day for 10 days and Steriod round and cough medication. Long story short ended up in ER with Jaundice. and weakness that was indescribable. Spent a wk. in hospital pushing fluids as this was a rare reaction to the Augmentin.  Very scary drug. Tested me for everything.  Dr was convinced that it was a reaction to the Augmentin."
"I suffered from anxiety/depression since I was 16. I&#039;m 25 now. I started self medicated in my early 20&#039;s.  When I tried to stop due to addiction issues, my symptoms worsened to the point where I woke every morning with a feeling of intense dread.  I felt the world was against me, I had severe social anxiety, and I was trapped in my own head.  Enter Lexapro 10mg.  I&#039;ve only been on this medicine for 2 weeks and I feel SO much more emotionally stable. Felt a positive difference Day 1.   I&#039;m able to deal with real problems now instead of make believe ones.  I&#039;m so much more in control.  The world isn&#039;t nearly as threatening as it was before.  It&#039;s all a bit funny now, I don&#039;t take myself or anyone else too seriously.  No side effects either."
"Vyvanse is the awesomest thing that ever happened to me 4 months ago. At first I would just stare at my teachers and try to listen to them but it would just go out the other ear. But sometimes I was just down the rabbit hole daydreaming. Also when I tried to REMEMBER stuff I would get distracted because that got too boring and moved on. But on Vyvanse I can concentrate with ease. I can REMEMBER stuff without even trying to. Nothing seems boring anymore in school but I hate it how it makes me sweat a lot like under the pits .. ALOT. For me there&#039;s a major loss of appetite like I don&#039;t eat anything once I&#039;m on it beecause food doesn&#039;t sound, look or taste good. But I do get these random cravings."
"I really had  been suffering this complex and less studied disorder which can seriously affect your efficacy. Fortunately I shifted to a country were no good COX-2 inhibitors were available for my on and off back pain so I was given tramadol 50mg twice daily. Once I took a cap after 2 hours I find my legs quite fine and sensation free, which I used to have for a decade on and off  "
"I have multiple hernias in my low back and neck. My doctor abruptly stopped my Vicodin because I had used it long term and was losing the effect of pain relief. Started Ultram 400mg a day. No withdrawal symptoms from Vicodin. My pain level though didn&#039;t improve from the Vicodin. I still feel the same as I did as the last few months of Vicodin use. I have had bad withdrawal symptoms in the past from fentanyl and am a little worried about having to come off Ultram someday as it appears to be hard to come off of. So basically it works like weak Vicodin for me and I have had some erectile dysfunction symptoms as well. I saw someone else comment on that. I&#039;m young and never had any type of problems. I also take Lyrica 150mg three times a day."
"Adderall has helped change the well being of my LIFE. As a child I had a issue affecting me. So, I tried to hide it because I was embarrassed but as an adult I finally had to own up to it after the birth of my child. I needed education so, I enrolled in College after a couple of weeks. I started to notice the same problems. I spoke to my doctor, was tested for ADD and was diagnosed. Since then I&#039;ve been on 20mg Adderall morning and 10mg Ritain in the evening. I had only positive effects. I finally get to be the great student I always wanted to be and can finish my daily chores without forgetting things. I only hope that people quit trying to say this medicine isn&#039;t good for anyone. For yrs I didn&#039;t make the A&#039;s I wanted and now I do. People taking this medicine don&#039;t want to &quot;They Have NO Choice But To."
"I started Beyaz 2 years ago, then stopped it for about a year because I didn&#039;t need it (so I thought). I wasn&#039;t in any type of serious relationship when I stopped taking it then proceeded to end up in something serious. I decided to get back on it (3-4 months ago) and I truly love this pill. This go round I take it as directed, everyday on the same hour. I&#039;ve missed one dosage and just doubled up the next day and started back my routine as directed. My periods weren&#039;t regular when I first started it, but continuing it and sticking with it and taking it as directed... they became regular. Not so heavy (sometimes have clots but I can handle that). I really recommend this pill. But take it like you&#039;re supposed to!  Also: no weight gain for me!"
" On May 18th this guy came completely inside of me and he wasn&#039;t wearing a condom/I wasn&#039;t on birth control. Around 5 hours later I took plan B. On May 22nd I got my &quot;period&quot; which I later learned was withdrawal bleeding but anyways it was really heavy for a few days and then got progressively lighter. I had spotting for about a week and a half after the heavy days which has never happened to me but I read the pill can make your cycle irregular so I didn&#039;t worry too much about it. Around 11 days after the &#039;act&#039; I took a test and it was negative. I waited a week and took another test (so 18 days after the &#039;act&#039;) and it was negative! Not pregnant!! Yay!!"
"After a lot of personal trauma in my family, I developed panic disorder, anxiety and mild depression. I tried all natural options and was so against medication. For 3 months I felt miserable, brain fog, confusion, poor memory, crying daily etc to the point I started feeling suicidal. The doc put me on Lexapro 5mg for 1st week and 10 mg since. I&#039;m on it 7 weeks now. First few weeks were tough going, every side effect going I had. Wrecked in the morning so I take it at night now. I sleep fine, bit teary still but nothing like before. I over think a lot still but I can control it better now. This medication has really helped! I&#039;m hoping to wean off it after 6-8 months. Don&#039;t give up."
"I started going to a clinic to get extra help on top of AA. My alcohol use had gotten to a very, very dangerous level. I would flirt with sobriety through AA, getting almost to 30 days, then a bad craving would hit and I couldn&#039;t resist. Then I found out about vivitrol. After my first shot it cut my cravings down ten fold. Now 4 shots in I rarely have a craving and when I do it&#039;s manageable. This has allowed me to concentrate on my recovery without also battling cravings. I&#039;m 95 days sober today and so grateful."
"I haven&#039;t felt this good since childhood. So thankful they make this drug to help with my chronic anxiety. My entire outlook has changed, as well as my concentration."
"I had a bad experience with Contrave. First day I took it I started to itch. Had to take an allergy pill to help. I started becoming light headed, I had blurry vision &amp; upset stomach on the second pill. Didn&#039;t work for me. I may be allergic to what&#039;s in it. Had to pay out of pocket insurance did not cover. Waste of money. :("
"I wasn&#039;t really serious about quitting. I was at the Doctors office and asked for this medicine by name. I have been a smoker for 12 to 13 years. I did quit while in Boot camp for the Navy, but started smoking again as soon as I got out. I never had a quit date and was smoking, the same as I always have. Cigarettes didn&#039;t taste good anymore. I used to get a surge through my arms, fingers, legs and toes when I would light that first smoke in the morning. That went away, I found myself holding a lit cigarette until it burned out. I believe this medicine decided when it was time for me to quit. On the 1st day of week 3 I stopped smoking, right now it has been 24 hours, since I last lit up. I have never been able to say that. These pills work, tell everyone you know."
"I started the Dymista to fight allergies and the next two days I was dragging and begging to fall asleep. I thought &quot;I must be fighting a cold!&quot; Nope. Just looked it up and read the reviews. The biggest side effect is drowsiness. Ugh. So annoyed that I just used, then thought to look it up. Thanksgiving is at my house tomorrow and I&#039;ll be nodding off for my family. I also have very limited taste and smell."
"This was my first testosterone supplement. My testosterone level was 249. My doctor prescribed Axiron - 1 pump under each arm (60mg) daily. In about six weeks, my testosterone level rose to 766. My method of application was to wash under each arm with a soapy washcloth to remove any anti-perspirant, dry well, apply at bedtime. Then I would shower and apply anti-perspirant as normal each morning. Although the supplied instructions stated differently, I was told by my doctor that the anti-perspirant would block the absorption of the Axiron, so I made sure that it was all removed prior to application."
"I heard my friends talking about this so I thought I&#039;d give it a try, I&#039;ve been taking it for 8 weeks and lost 18 pounds. I have been working out like crazy too. THIS WILL NOT MAKE YOU LOSE WEIGHT, it&#039;s an appitite suppressent. You still have to eat right and excersise!!!"
"I just started my third week Friday night 1.8 milligrams and as of August 2nd I believe I&#039;ve lost almost 20 pounds I have zero urge to eat, I have zero urge to drink anything including water.  I don&#039;t even drink my cup or two cups of decaf in the morning anymore.  I&#039;m afraid I am not getting the energy I need because I really just can&#039;t eat. I am trying to drink as much water as possible.  I&#039;m trying to eat my roughage, and I&#039;ve also started eating fruit that tastes pretty good. I did have some nausea for the first 3 days and that was it. I am having a problem getting the job so far my insurance will not cover it and I hope a miracle happens. I want to stay on and continue losing weight and having my body feel as good as it does."
"I have never stuck to one birth control before because I have always had bad experiences with side effects. I am on my first month now and I feel so ill. My nausea is extreme, I have had a headache for weeks and I&#039;m very off balance. The only thing that has changed in my life is starting this birth control. I am going to give it another month and see what happens."
"This is the best cough medicine out there.  Whenever I get chest colds that keep me up at night coughing, I request this. I have been doing this for 10 yrs.  Seriously if you want to stop your cough - request this one. nothing works like this one.  The side effects do not out weigh the results!"
"I am on trifluoperazine on and off for about 7 yrs . It does have a positive effect but side effects are making me miserable. I can&#039;t functioning properly.I got movement disorders , restless legs from this. I&#039;ve been through this chemical torture for about 7 yrs. I also tried olanazapine , all typicals ,benzos and beta blockers .It is very strong drug and impossible to come off from this but I made it and my new psychiatrist prescribed me amisulpride .
That&#039;s was life changing and amisulpride completely cured me now  I am drug free. Thanks "
"Social anxiety since child (born in 1982)

2005-2008 - Sertraline 100-200 mg/day (rating 6,5/10)
2009 - Sertraline 100mg/day, Mirtazapine 45mg/day, Clonazepam 10mg/day (rating 6,5/10)
2010 - Clomipramine (rating 1/10) made me terribly anxious
2011 - Bupropion + Mirtazapine (rating 6/10) anxious and angry, but depression was gone
2012-2013 Parnate (IMAO) (rating 5/10) food restrictions, insonia, anxious all the time and tolerance to Diazepam
2014 - Escitalopram 40 mg + Mirtazapine 45 mg (rating 5,5/10) less anxious but terribly depressed

I&#039;ll talk to my doc and go back to sertraline. Not exccelent, but I have to give another chance"
"After battling head lice for 6 months and spending hundreds of dollars and countless painful, tear filled hours, I finally was at my wits end and went to my doctor in tears. We are clean people but somehow we get rid of these awful bugs and then surprise, they are back. My doctor prescribed this medicine and I was very hesitant because I could not find any information regarding the treatment used for head lice but within 24 hrs of taking this medicine the lice bugs are just falling out and the nits will easily comb out. This is the worst thing that my 11 yr old has ever been through and I just hope it works. Will continue to let you know."
"Great, SSRI&#039;s do next to nothing for me but this has helped a TON. I tried Zoloft, Paxil, Prozac, etc and they did very little for me but the week I started on Remeron 30mg I felt so much better, almost like myself again."
"I was prescribed it because I was suffering from very bad cramps. This did not do anything to relieve the pain. It turned me into an absolute wreck where I was crying all of the time, from the very first day. It affected my sleep. As well as this my breasts were unbearably painful and they ballooned in size.  This pill also made me break out on my face. In short, taking this pill was an absolute nightmare."
"My doctor prescribed Dilantin for anxiety and depression.  It seems to work just about 60 to 70% of the time for both conditions.  Other times I can&#039;t really tell the difference.  I use 1 or 2 - 100 mg Capsule(s) a day or only as needed.  I like that it is not habit forming and tolerance is not built up.  Side effects need to be looked at, although I don&#039;t experience any serious adverse effects.  Extra Vitamin B-12 and Folic Acid needs to be taken while taking Dilantin because it may cause a deficiency with these nutrients."
"I started Lo Loestrin Fe 2 years ago at 21 years old, first time ever taking birth control. It has been an incredibly positive experience. No weight gain, no mood swings, little to no side effects. I had random light cramping and spotting initially, which is expected. Nothing since. My periods are not bad either."
"I started Citalopram after experiencing disabling panic attacks which were followed by major depression when I was in my third year of college at pharmacy school. Citalopram, although with some side effects, ended all those crazy suicidal ideas popping in my head and literally ended all panic attacks. Before I experienced my first panic attack I had never been depressed at all and just out of the blue these symptoms presented. Don&#039;t be afraid of sweating a little and having minor sexual dysfunction if it means your life could be saved by this medication. Citalopram saved my life from the craziness of depression and anxiety. I am now switching to Wellbutrin because I&#039;m just not &quot;100% yet&quot; but without citalopram I don&#039;t know how I would have made it."
"I have been unemployed now for three years and things have gone from bad to worse. I found myself losing control of my temper and crying for no reason or if someone said something that negative. I couldn&#039;t sleep and when I did it was for two hours at a time. Sometimes I would stay up just crying. To add to my problems my back pain were getting worse. Doctor diagnose me with depression and gave me Zoloft. I started at 25mg for four days and then up to 50mg. It has been only a week, but I am not crying unexpectedly and feel calmer than I have in quite a while and have actually slept 5 hours straight. I had no side effects."
"Over the year&#039;s (I&#039;m 75 now), I have used Vicodin 5/325mg for a range of things: had stable fracture of spine after a fall, broke one shoulder in 3 places, and the other a couple year&#039;s ago.  Have chronic back pain and if gets bad get an prescription for it.  A few surgeries:  prostate, hernia, gall bladder, several dental procedures/surgeries.  In each and every one of the mentioned cases, the Vicodin has been the pain management of choice. It frustrates me, that after a doctor prescribed a couple of times, they are reluctant to further prescribe, siting the addiction factor. I&#039;ve heard that doctor&#039;s tend to UNDER PRESCRIBE because of this."
"I have chronic hayfever and take Zyrtec D now - it is the best."
"Been using for 4 years. Tried cold turkey, got through it and went back. First day of Suboxone and its great. Have my energy without needing the pills and no withdrawals. Definitely recommend."
"Taken for a year. All its done for me is make me lose my personality, sex drive, and some weight gain. Also too many blood tests...your blood could be toxic at any point. Yes, if you do not want emotions at all take this medicine. I however am switching to lamictal to try to get my life back together."
"I have had to be on this medicine 2 to 
Three times a year for the last three years. I wish I was able to give it to myself instead of being admitted everytime. Not sure if insurance covers it but it would be worth looking into."
"On December 13th there was an incident and I had to take plan b. I took the pill about 30-40 minutes after the incident because the sooner you take it the more effective it will be. I waited and waited for my period which was supposed to come around Dec. 25 but never came. Today I took 3 tests and they all came out positive. I&#039;m not saying the plan b does not work, but I am posting my experience as a warning to those who take it without knowing their risks. Plan b make work for some. Many say that for those who it didn&#039;t work for is because they didn&#039;t take it within 72 hours. I took it right away and it wasn&#039;t effective."
"This pill is probably good for a lot of people but it is not good for acne prone people.  I was constantly breaking out on this pill with horrible, painful cysts.  The lower amount of estrogen in this pill is better for a lot of women but it severely aggravated my acne.  Right after I switched to a higher estrogen dose pill, my acne cleared up.  The only thing I liked about this pill was it gave me very short and light periods."
"Ativan always helps calm me down 0.5 mg dose, but when it wears off it makes me a little extra nervous but all in all a very effective medicine. Side effect is drowsiness and laziness haha. But I function so much better when my mind doesn&#039;t have the anxiety."
"This was my first birth control experience. I am 22 year old female with no previous history of bad acne problems. The first few months I had breakthrough bleeding and cramps during ovulation time. My periods were shorter and less painful but the mild cramps continued through the full week which they had never done before. My main complaint is that during the first month of using this bc I broke out in cystic acne all over my chin! My forehead where I used to get the occasional random pimple has completely cleared but I cannot get rid of the hormonal cystic acne on my chin. My chin is red and bumpy constantly. I would not recommend this bc."
"I have been diagnosed with ADHD (due to chronic, extreme lack of concentration), depression and anxiety. About 2 years ago, I began taking, by prescription, Effexor XR 75mg/day. My doctor at the time did not know much about SSRI&#039;s. The Effexer was working great but, she decided to send me to a counselor who cannot write prescriptions. My &quot;doctor&quot; stopped my Effexor, cold turkey, for no apparent reason, knowing counselor&#039;s cannot give it to me. I immediately began having extreme withdrawal symptoms. My every move caused me to hear and feel electrostatic &quot;ticks&quot;. My head, ears, and jaw felt it was going to explode from pressure, and I was weak and uncoordinated. I honestly thought I was dying for over 2 weeks. I&#039;m now taking Lexapro, Adderal, and Valium."
"I was prescribed effexor for anxiety which interfered with sleeping - worry about getting to sleep meant that I wouldn&#039;t sleep which made me feel exhausted, depressed and useless. I&#039;ve also tried Zoloft and Luvox which didn&#039;t do anything. CBT and mindfulness were also pretty useless - just made me slightly more obsessive about my weird problems with getting to sleep. 

Effexor has been amazing. Apart from some insomnia and lightheadedness during the first week I don&#039;t have any side effects. I don&#039;t have the same obsessive and weird anxious thoughts over getting to sleep or other minor things which preoccupied me and made me feel dreadful. I sleep well and my head feels so clear."
"Had an accident a year ago and took the pill a few hours after and I still got pregnant. Had a recent accident where the condom slipped off and got lost inside me and just so happen to spill while it was in there, took the pill 5 minutes after. Waited two weeks for a period that never came and here I am pregnant. Point is this pill does not work for everyone so beware."
"I have severe restless legs syndrome and the only thing I have found that controls it is Requip. Couldn&#039;t survive without it."
"It helped but caused me to have elevated liver enzymes."
"I had unprotected sex a couple of days after my period ended. After I realized what I had done, I began panicking and purchased plan b about 22 hours after. I was so stressed and miserable for a month, and it just so happened that I didn&#039;t get my period the week I was due. I had CRAZY symptoms, incredibly sore breasts, horrible cramps for a week. And then I randomly started spotting for about 4 days. I really was convinced I was pregnant. A week after my expected period, I FINALLY GOT IT! Ladies, I know it&#039;s impossible not to stress. But I believe the amount of stress I put myself under caused my period to be even later than it should have been. But trust me, this pill works."
"I am new to Loestrin and so far I am satisfied. The main reason why I started birth control was because of painful menstrual cycles. I have only been on Loestrin for 2 weeks, but so far so good. I was hoping for a little help with increasing the size of my breasts, but so far nothing. Hopefully this works for me and for everybody that is taking Loestrin!"
"I have been on Gianvi around three years. I had always had extremely painful periods with clotting that would last 7 days since puberty, and really did not know how abnormal what I was experiencing was. Suddenly, in my mid twenties, I started having two periods a month, then they would last almost two weeks at a time. I was either having horrible pms or bleeding 100% of the time. Originally, dr had me on Apri. After 6 weeks of nonstop bleeding, dr switched to Yaz, which switched to Gianvi a few months later. The bleeding stopped, and each period got lighter and less painful. However, it did take two years for my periods to actually fall on inactive pill days."
"I was on Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo for about 4 years before my change to Tri Sprintec.  With Ortho my periods and acne had lessened and I was extremely happy.  In November 2009 I had a period for a month straight and since the local Planned Parenthood shut down I had to go to my family doctor for a visit.  My dose was too low so I had to be switched to a generic version of Ortho Tri Cyclen.  The first three months on this pill were hell.  Bad acne, mood swings, nightmares, breast tenderness, and headaches.  It almost ruined my relationship with my boyfriend because I didn&#039;t even want him to touch me.  Since then I&#039;ve adjusted to the pill and am getting along fine."
"I love Ampyra. I have been taking Ampyra for 3 months I feel much stronger I&#039;m back going to the gym every morning for 2 hours."
"I am glad to share with you that this drug has saved my life, I used to tic a lot but after using 2mg of Orap 90% of my tics are gone. Please start with low dose at first so that your body can get used to it."
"My teenage daughter (17 yrs) got the shot 3 weeks ago and it has been devastating. Has caused her personality changes, she is dangerously impulsive, gets angry in a few seconds which has never been like her. She eats constantly as she says she is always hungry. It has caused her to have horrible judgement and because of the shot she has had to go into therapy to teach her coping skills.  I would never recommend it to anyone."
"Day 2: Only side effect is headache but should go away. Lost 3 pounds, most likely water weight. Appetite decreased, but still want to eat. On Day one, had little appetite, and no desire to eat. Will have to count calories.  Will follow up in few days."
"....kinda ran out of room so this is a 2nd post,hope that&#039;s ok.
Anyone suffering from cramps, diarrhea, bloating, emergencies, after taking this medication should read:
I have gotten a dairy allergy after using this medicine, I would highly recom-
Mend total withdrawal of dairy if you have had a similar experience. I&#039;ve been dealing with these side effects for 10  months and tried various things. I assumed it had just aggravated my IBS as symptoms slowly subsided yet after a vacation with too much Rich restauraunt food, symptoms ( 3am emergency waking, constant cramps, ect.) returned. Only after total removal of dairy Am I kind of back to normal, I am able to access medical cannabis living in Canada which can drop 4-6 movements/ to1-2 day!"
"I&#039;ve been on the Yaz pill for a year and a half now due to problems with my ovaries. When I first started I had my period for 29 days. After that everything has been perfect, my skin cleared and I didn&#039;t gain weight or get moody at all. Now I&#039;ve been off it for two months and I&#039;ve gained weight, got horrid skin and moody and short tempered. That&#039;s my only down side. I&#039;ve had the biggest problem as a teen its hard to get the money for this expensive pill that not only prevents unwanted pregnancy but also helps with medical issues. I live in a small town with only two chemists and cheapest is $87. 00"
"I have been using this for about a week now and it has completely changed my life.  I am more or less free of pain. The side effects are a little worrying but as long as you watch out for these it should be ok.  I am now able to go to work and actually function without being in pain.  For me it is working."
"Have been taking about 3 weeks (200mg/daily). Started having irregular heartbeats after about 2 weeks. Stopped taking and it cleared up, I started taking again and irregular heartbeats have returned. I guess I will have to stop, what a shame--- it really helps the pain!!!
	"
"This stuff saved me and I can&#039;t thank my dermatologist enough! I developed severe acne from hormonal problems at around 18 and I was prescribed epiduo and it cleared up in 3 months, nothing else worked. I used every face wash and hard core acne treatment on the market and NOTHING worked. Epiduo really really works."
"I have 2 uterine fibroids and my periods are really heavy. I was put on this to manage the heavy bleeding. I have been using this for a year. The spotting has been horrible!  Over a month straight of spotting. I always spot one to two months before I am supposes to have a cycle. My Dr. says to stay with it and it will stop...and a year later..... still spotting. Not to mention the weight gain! I have gained 15 pounds within the last year!! I hate it. I will be switching to try a different one."
"I started the pill on 10/9/15 I was 172.2 at the doctors, I&#039;m a 24 year old female, 4&quot;11 tall, weighed myself today 10/29/15 and I&#039;m 11 pounds lighter! I&#039;m 161.3!  No cravings for sweets which I have/had a HORRIBLE sweet tooth, stopped eating fast food as much, cut it out more than half, can&#039;t wait to see more progress. I work 6 days a week as a stylist and have a 5 year old in school full time, working out is hard but I try to fit 30 min in either in the morning or at night, I use myfitnesspal to track my calorie intake, 1200 a day mostly less, dry mouth but as long as I drink my water all day I&#039;m good. Will update next month!"
"I just got mine today. I am 38 years old. I have some bone on bone. I found a great doctor.  They marked my knees...sprayed something to numb it. BAM NO PAIN, I FELT MORE PRESSURE THAN ANYTHING. Walking out, I felt AWESOME. NO CREAKING IN THE KNEES AND I AM ONLY ON VISIT ONE. CAN&#039;T WAIT."
"Period, and ovulation cramps are gone yay! I spotted for the first month and half though. I notice an increase in back acne but face acne there are no differences. Haven&#039;t gotten pregnant yet and its been about 6 months so I say its doing its job! No increase in weight, headaches, breast tenderness, depression, or sex drive. In fact my sex drive is nonexistent but I&#039;m gonna say thats not related since it started to decrease before getting it. I have no complaints really, except that it was really painful to get and the bar left a purple mark where the insertion site was so it will most likely scar. I was the first person in my small town to receive one, the doctor called me her guinea pig so maybe that had to do why it hurt so bad."
"It was effective and I am relieved that it worked for me. I am allergic to codeine so this is a great alternative."
"Worked okay, and then stopped working about 4-5 months in. Good for anxiety however I gained about 25lbs on this medicine. Hard to be happy and have tons of fun when you look like tons of fun."
"I really have nothing bad to say besides after insertion I got TERRIBLE cramps, I normally do get cramps when on my period so cramping was very uncomfortable. Insertion hurts but was not nearly as bad as I was expecting it to be. I have not been on any birth control prior to this and I love not having to take a pill but I have had consistent spotting for just over a month now which is starting to get frustrating. Other than that I LOVE it and highly recommend!!!"
"On Contrave and Scale Down for about 6 months, down 47 pounds. Some side effects at first, none now. I plan to continue until the job is done. I&#039;m thankful this medication became available."
"I have severe insomnia. I wanted to try a new drug because my Dr. suggested it. No way will I take another 10 mg tablet. It took 2 hours to take effect. I started feeling sleepy so I crawled into bed. Within 30 min of laying down, my body was unable to move but my mind was racing. I tried to tell my husband what was happening and I couldn&#039;t get the words out. It lasted about 10 hours. I had a hard time getting up. I have been confused and foggy all day. I will never do it again."
"Great medication!"
"I have been on lolo for 2 years and 4 months. The first year an a half was amazing. I had very light periods, didn&#039;t gain any weight, 0 acne, and no extreme moodswings that I could attribute to the lolo. Unfortunately, about 9 months ago I started getting 2-3 days of spotting in the middle of the month, which wasn&#039;t such a problem.. Unfortunately, the past 2 months the spotting has been more like a full blown heavy period. I&#039;m probably going to take a break from this pill but I&#039;m so so sad because it was so awesome for such a long time."
"Severe reaction, but I am allergic to sulfur based drugs. Lasted under a week. Shakes gone first few days, but came back as I developed a reaction."
"Well I&#039;ve been this birth control pill for about a year now. When I 1st started this pill... I broke out really bad. Acne was horrible ! My stomach gutted so bad from cramping. I felt nauseous a lot. About after two weeks on the pill symptoms got better. Everything was normal. My cycle was lighter. Cleared acne. Only time I would get acne was close to my monthly cycle. The pill does work against pregnancy which is great but the emotions and weight gain is the bad part about the pill. Within this year being on this pill I packed on at least 25 pounds. I&#039;m thinking about switching off birth control completely tho. I&#039;m always ready to cry about everything!"
"Fantastic for Xanax Withdrawals. 12 years on Xanax, 4 months trying to come off. Worst 4 months of my life. Baclofen solved it overnight.

Blurred vision &amp; dizziness is a small price to pay.

90% of inpatient rehab industry could be replaced my Baclofen."
"I had nexplanon for almost 2 years after having my son. It was great from 18 months or so with no bleeding but noticed lack of sex drive, mood swings, and extreme exhaustion with no ability to sleep at night. I had it taken out weeks ago bc I bled 3 wks out of the month for a few months with horrible breast tenderness and cramps like never before. I still have all the symptoms but shirt periods frequently instead of long ones. I can&#039;t say I wouldn&#039;t recommend bc everyone is different but I&#039;m not ok with any extra hormones in my body anymore."
"Due to a drunk driver hitting me when I was 17, I now suffer from precipitating migraines which is due to blood in my spinal column. I am allergic to traditional migraine medicines so Lortabs are the only medicines I can depend on to actually help me. I do not take large doses but do take it consistently when I have an attack and truth be told, I would not be able to make it through the simplest of days without it. Please drink a lot of water and fluids and it will make you constipated. Stool softeners will also help. "
"Iv&#039;e been taking this medication for about 1 1/2 months or a bit longer. I have
been having a a lot of bowel movements, stomach discomfort, went from weighing
123 lbs to 98 lbs, not to mention feeling dizzy, and fatigue, just left a message
with my doctors reception desk, and I&#039;m hoping I get a call back today, with
a reply to my message."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about a week now and I must say that out of all other medications I have been on, Vraylar is working pretty well. The only side effects that I have experienced has been an upset set stomach. I&#039;m sleeping better and hopefully it continues."
"I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq for almost a year.  I feel the best I&#039;ve ever felt.  I have had a huge spike in cholesterol and am on medicine now to control.  It is a recognized side effect. If I miss one day, I&#039;m really messed up emotionally and physically.  My head feels funny and I have uncontrollable sadness and anxiety.  Once I take the medicine at my next dose all those feelings go away.  If I ever need or decide to go off this medicine I will make sure to take it extremely slow."
"I have had my Skyla IUD for 4 months now. I have no children, The pain to get it inserted was not too bad. After about a month of having it, I would get the worst cramps I have ever got, up to now I haven&#039;t got my period. I spot sometimes but other then that I have gained about 15/20 pounds after I got it, I get horrible cramps even though I&#039;m not on my period and I&#039;m always moody. The skyla was not the right choice for me. I&#039;m getting it removed this week. I know I will be relieved."
"It&#039;s only day 2 of this medication (and I haven&#039;t taken my morning dose) and I am in tears, feeling panic-ridden, and sick to my stomach. About an hour after taking the pill I have severe headaches and the worst nausea I&#039;ve ever had. I&#039;m not looking forward to continuing the rest of the pills but from the reviews people generally seem to agree that it works, it&#039;s just an awful experience getting through the medication. Will update when complete meds."
"Surprep is the most horrible tasting colon preparation that I have EVER encountered.  I had to use a straw and gagged and my eyes watered after each sip.  I see no reason for anything to taste so bad.  I have had previous colonoscopies and never had a problem with the prep solution.  My new goal in life is to warn everyone about how horrible this stuff tastes and get them to ask their doctor for an alternate solution."
"No obvious side effects. Worked well, but insurance has stopped coverage."
"I got the Skyla inserted in November of 2015 due to my doctor thinking it was a better option for me since I am forgetful of the pill. The birth control part has done well but the side effects and pain of it is totally not worth 3-5 years of birth control. I have not felt myself ever since and My periods are excruciating. I used to never cramp and now I feel terrible when I am about to start and start my period. Not to mention the weight I have gained on it. I have gained about 20lbs since then. I have dieted, worked out, and taken weight loss pills and nothing seems to help. I will be contacting my doctor to have it removed in the next day or two. It is not worth it in my opinion. I will be going back on the pill after I have it removed."
"My only complaints about this medicine are that it gave me a profoundly spaced out feeling for about three hours after I took it and it had to be taken with food, otherwise I loved it! It really helped with my paranoia and anxiety during the day. It didn&#039;t cause any weight gain and helped stabilize my mood. I only discontinued because I went on Saphris and the two do not mix."
"I&#039;ve taken about every Pill on the market, and this is by far the best. I&#039;ve never had a problem with my drive while on this formulation of the Pill. Actually, my drive is more normal than it&#039;s been than with the other pills, especially the Ortho line and Seasonale. I have had no side effects other than my appetite has increased, but there is a such thing as self-control, so other than watching what and how often I eat, I love Apri!"
"Very pleased with Trulance. Have been dealing with crazy symptoms from other treatments, I asked my doctor and he told me about this. Works great and I have not had any side effects."
"I have been taking this medication for 36 hours, in the first 12 I had bad nausea but that has since past, the pain from 2 abscess  has subsided, I still have severe swelling in the face which I am slowly controlling with ice I have a feeling the abscess has broken as I have an awful taste in my mouth. My suggestion is take as prescribed drink lots of water and sleep as much as you can to help your body recover. Good luck everyone"
"I have tried everything from tricyclics,  serzone lexapro,  Welbutrin,  celexa, everthing under the sun. I just recently started on prozac about 2 weeks ago  (straight from lexapro) and the results have been amazing! I  sleep well,  my dreams are pleasant now and my brain doesn&#039;t over analyze everything.  I  wake up early feeling good which I  haven&#039;t in years.  I have ambition and energy, get shit done and look for more to do. Finally something that works! I  haven&#039;t had the opportunity to see if there are any sexual side effects yet but hopefully soon! Lol."
"Ended up with a pretty bad UTI Friday afternoon &amp; unable to see my primary Doctor that same day. I knew the symptoms as such since I had experienced one UTI&#039;s in the past (2). By Saturday the next morning I was sitting in the lobby of walk in clinic in desperation. I was seen by Doctor &amp; prescribed Nitrofurantoin 100mg 1 tab every 12 hours. I am not a big advocate of pill popping, but I knew this was serious. I have to say that within 6 hours of taking my 1st dose, I was already feeling a bit of relief. I&#039;m on my 3rd day &amp; pain is gone!!. The only symptom I have noticed is an occasional headache &amp; kind of a lethargic overall feeling. Other than that I am really happy that I&#039;m on the road to a full recovery."
"I was given Versed pre-surgery for a D &amp; C and within minutes I was vomiting violently. The surgery had to be cancelled due to my extreme reaction. I was dry heaving for 4 hours and was sick for days. I had terrible vertigo and very loud ringing in my ears. That was 5 months ago and I&#039;m still being treated for vertigo and tinnitus. I was told by my ENT that the drug probably caused a disconnect between my ears and my brain. I am going to therapy and it is helping some. I could not drive for 3 months and am driving again. I&#039;m always slightly dizzy and the loud high pitched sound in my head may be permanent. I was never told about the negative effects before taking this drug."
"I am amazed at the effectiveness of methadone. I&#039;ve spent the last three years in serious back pain due to a bad disc which ultimately led to back surgery. We tried everything under the sun. I can&#039;t believe how good I feel....no ups and downs, no weird &quot;highs&quot; (which I hated the most about pain medicines) and no more feeling like I&#039;m losing my mind. I&#039;ve never felt so strongly about posting a review before. I am ever grateful to the creators of this pain medicine."
"After suffering with this condition for 50 years, I&#039;m very thankful this medicine is available and it works terrific."
"I had my second gout attack in 3 years. It was just my ankle and my right leg and like the others here it was excruciating. I was this close to going to the emergency room. I toughed it out, I still don&#039;t know why, and went to the doctor the very next morning. She prescribed indomethacin and I only took 1 x 50 milligram pill. Within 90 minutes I could feel the pain easing. Within 2 hours I could walk easily. By that night I was so pain free I was even able to coach my son&#039;s baseball game. No side effects. No weird feelings. Best of all, I have 40 of these wonder pills left!"
"I was put on gabapentin right after back surgery on my L4 L5 S1 S2 lower lumbar spine. After 2 years from surgery I still remain on this medicine due to permanent nerve damage.  This medicine managed to calm my nerves at night and get rid of the pain allowing me to fall asleep.  I am on 200 mg a night but sometimes only need 100mg.  It has been a lifesaver.  I don&#039;t take this during the day due to the drowsiness side effect but it works wonderful.  I do wake up extremely thirsty though."
"I like this birth control. I hardly ever get cramps on it and I don&#039;t really get any side effects on it. Also my boobs got bigger, which my boyfriend likes. I&#039;ve always had clear skin and that&#039;s stayed the same on this pill."
"I am thankful for all who have taken the time to post tips and tricks. My colonoscopy was today, &amp; I&#039;ll add my hints in hopes of helping others. 1) Make sure the Suprep is chilled in the refridge for an hour or two, &amp; mix with cold water. 2) Drink it with a straw  3) This stuff is VERY salty, and so was difficult to choke down. Other reviews suggest sips of soup or soda between sips of Suprep, so I tried both. Drinking Squirt soda worked best for me, with sips of water every once in awhile.  4) Had an 8 oz. bottle of cold water &amp; took sips out of this as well. (Counts towards the 32 oz. you must drink afterwards.) 5) After drinking &amp; before the action starts grease your rear with A&amp;D Ointment to stave off butt rash.  Good luck!!"
"I know its off-label, but it works. I have atopic dermatitis in my arms and legs and it goes away when I take it and comes back when I don&#039;t."
"My Doctor gave me the starter pack for my depression and Anxiety I took the whole first weeks dose by sheer force of will. It was the worst thing I&#039;ve ever taken and I&#039;ve been on a few for my problems but I got symptoms on day one with this one and every day they got worse. Day one I started having major panic attacks one in my sleep so bad that I wet the bed as embarrassing as that is day two I got the poops out of no where I was fine sat down And it just came out it was Horrifying that there was no sign or symptom that I needed to go. That caused another attack. They next few days my mood got hostile, aggravated, and then drunk like. My body also did things like a drunk person including slurred speech stumbling and falling over"
"I am 22 and have been taking prozac for almost two months now. Before I started taking it, my life was a wreck. There were only two weeks out of every month when I felt semi-normal/happy. The rest of the time, I was miserable. I would lay in my bed and cry, thinking my life was ending for no reason. There was nothing bad happening in my life, but my mind would make me think everyone hated me and that I was disgusting. I was overemotional all the time and constantly to torturing myself with sad thoughts.

I put off going to see a psychiatrist for so long because of the stigma. I regret it so much. Had I gone on this medication sooner, so many of my relationships could have been saved and I could have been truly enjoying my life."
"Caused anxiety, panic attacks and rash."
"I honestly started taking this pill and loved it. I wasn&#039;t getting any acne or weight gain; however 3 months into taking this pill my periods suddenly stopped. My periods stopped but I was still having cramps. It&#039;s actually become very concerning."
"I am only on my sixth day of the titration sample pack and really haven&#039;t noticed any improvements.  My doctor just took me off Cymbalta cold turkey that same day that I started taking Savella.  So, I would assume all the &quot;terrible&quot; feelings I&#039;ve been feeling are due to withdrawals from the Cymbalta.  My pain has actually been worse right now to the point of not feeling like even moving.  I still feel tired but not to the point of either risking just falling over from exhaustion or laying down for a nap right then, since I&#039;ve started the Savella.  I&#039;m sleeping okay at night.  One difference I have noticed is a feeling like I want to sneeze and my nose has been running like crazy but, could be due to allergy season. I&#039;ll keep trying it."
"I&#039;m 15, have Aspergers, use it 20mg every day. Cant live without."
"I&#039;m pregnant with twins and after 6 weeks I started having severe nausea and at 10 weeks the vomiting came along my doctor prescribed diclegis.. It works the only downfall is the after taste....I have this horribly bitter taste in my mouth. I don&#039;t even know which is better the nausea or the bitter taster"
"Never knew how powerful this drug is until I tried to replace it with Cymbalta. Within 2 days of switching, my anxiety was sky high and my depression was so severe that I literally was suicidal. Went back on it and these symptoms subsided quickly. By no means this is the perfect drug but it seems to be a bit better than others. I wish it would control anxiety better. I have to take lorazepam to control anxiety fully."
"This medicine worked while I was taking it, but when my doctor stopped my use... the withdrawals were AWFUL!  Be VERY careful!  It was the worst thing I had ever been through in my life!  He took me slowly off the medicine, but that did not matter... I&#039;ve heard others with the same repsonse as myself."
"Cleared up my symptoms within a couple of days. Felt much better after day 8. No side effects, as I also take acidophilus."
"First 4 months I had a period every 2 weeks, extreme bloating (15lbs), very tender breasts but those all went away. After this my periods evened out to every 28 days. I had some mild acne and my PMS and cramps were very, very mild. About a year in I went off these pills because I was very depressed and suicidal. I had also developed severe insomnia, social anxiety and was constantly freezing. Within days of being off these pills my depression disappeared (I have never been depressed before), I&#039;m warm at a temperature below 78degrees and I can sleep.

I can&#039;t have estrogen so these pills were a god send for my severe PMS and cramps, but the mental side effects were horrible and developed slowly. Be careful."
"Life Saver for my Spasmodic Torticollis/Cervical Dystonia ! After about 2 weeks on this medication, I was able to hold my head upright again! I haven&#039;t seen many positive reviews on this med for the relief of this condition, so I wanted to let anyone suffering with this, to give this medicine a shot! I take the liquid form of this med, so I do not know if this perhaps makes any difference.  I had to abruptly stop taking this a few years ago when I was hospitalized for another condition, and almost immediately, my symptoms reappeared. It was awful! But, within a week of resuming medication, my head returned to normal position. I would HIGHLY recommend this medication.  I do not have any major side effects from this medication either.  So grateful my Neurologist prescribed it!"
"I&#039;ve had it for a year now, I&#039;m 23 and have not had kids. Months 1-3 sucked  seriously, I was miserable, had no energy, still got my period, felt sick, loss of appetite etc.. After about 4 months it got a little better. I do love that you don&#039;t have to worry about it for 3 years, I loved my old BC but taking the pills every day at the same time was a bit annoying. Now after almost exactly 1 year all my month 1-3 side effects are back. Sick feeling, tired (I could sleep all day and night, some days I have) I&#039;m highly considering getting this thing out of me! I&#039;ve read a lot about people having way more energy as soon as they got it out. (Keep in mind every woman&#039;s body will react differently)"
"I have been on the medication about a month now. Fortunately, I have not had any headaches and the chest pain is gone for the most part. The side effects I have had are dizziness, sweats, feeling faint. So far, the good is outweighing the bad."
"Had a cyst like spot thing on my chin that lasted for 3 years. Would come and go, always raising its ugly head. I got this cream from my GP, used it for one month and any recurring spots have not completely gone. Its been nearly a year and clear skin! Very very happy with the results.

It does cause your skin to dry out when you use it and can be a little red but this goes down after a few days. Worth it for the end result."
"I have been taking Zyrtec for almost 6 years. I was first prescribed Zyrtec to combat my allergies during pregnancy. It worked well except to make me a little drowsy. I only take it seasonally, and it still works well for my symptoms, but the fatigue and drowsiness has gotten worse over time. When I started taking it again for my Spring/Summer allergies this year, the first week was horrible. Even taking it at night I felt so fatigued the next day my muscles ached, and I had to fight to stay awake during the day with my 2 little ones at home. I would fall asleep as soon as my husband got home and sleep 14-15 hours. After about a week my body seemed to adjust and the drowsiness isn&#039;t as bad anymore."
"Today is my first day of taking Contrave.  I am a 52 year old male and I weigh 321 pounds.  I have struggled with my weight for sometime now.  I have been very nervous about the side effects, but I took my first dose today.  I wish everyone the best and may you all stay healthy."
"This replaced Benzosiazepines and Sleeping pills, gives better rest, improved sex drive, decidedly improved social life. I&#039;m 46m, prescribed 15mg x2 daily. Others noted the improvements first. I had no untoward side effects other than dry mouth and a few lingering panic attacks per month easily handed by low dose Xanax 0.5 mg. Various SSRI&#039;s along the way didn&#039;t help with depression this much. 5 years running. It works good."
"I was scheduled to get my mirena IUD, so like most of you on the site, I did my research and read every review possible! I freaked myself out bad. So my appointment comes around and I was sitting on the bed shaking with fear. My doctor comes in and gets me prepped and begins the insertion process. During the whole process I didn&#039;t even feel hardly anything. It felt like a child was sitting on my lower abdomen, didn&#039;t even hurt, it was just pressure. Easy and very very tolerable pressure. When I got home I just took a midol with some  Ibuprofen  and I was set for the whole night. The next day I had mild cramps but it wasn&#039;t bad. 
I spotted for 3 weeks and thats it! I am now period free! *recommend you are on your period when you get it inserted"
"I have frequent upsodes of dysuria, either due to bacterial UTI or of unknown origin. Phenazopyridine (Azo) gives me rapid relief."
"I&#039;ve been on Dilaudid for 15  years for back injury and illness called Wegner&#039;s granulomatosus. Started out at 2mg and over the years I&#039;m now at 4mg&#039;s 4 times a day. It is a great pain reliever. I am able to function normally as anyone else without any side affects. "
"Taking 1/2 a 5 mg tablet which has reduced the number of times I needed to go to toilet.
I find that vesicare causes blurry vision, memory. Some memory problems and dry mouth. I take Movicol am and pm ( laxative)  and Biotene for dry mouth and also feel somewhat tired and lack motivation. I hope in 3 month when I trial not taking it for 2 weeks will work as the side effects and the price of tablets make me short tempered."
"I had been on Pulmicort on and off, but had to stop using it because it gave me terrible leg cramps at night. Prior to starting Asmanex, my asthma had gotten worse, and I was using my rescue inhaler six or seven times a day. Since starting Asmanex, I have only used my rescue inhaler once in three months. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects either. I may just be one of the lucky ones, but my quality of life has improved immensely since I started using this &quot;wonder drug&quot;."
"I am writing this review for the sake of all women who are iffy on this product. I was apprehensive to skyla ONLY because of what I read online. Despite my doctor assuring me this was the best option for me, I still was not 100% on skyla. I am one month post-insertion and I am so happy I decided to go with Skyla. I am 19 years old, and I have struggled with birth control since it was present in my life. I cannot be on the combined pill due to the migraines with aura (visual changes) I get and I struggle with acne so the POP pill is not for me. I decided to go with skyla and I&#039;m very pleased. Insertion (for me) was a bad cramp that lasted no more than 5 seconds. Spotting/cramps continued for about a month after but now I&#039;m good."
"When I started this medication, I actually thought I either had the flu or food poisoning because the side effects were so bad that I didn&#039;t realize it was just from the aubra.  I had severe stomach issues, sweating, and as the week went on, I had vision problems and an extreme headache that was getting worse instead of better.  Thanks to other reviews on this site, I realized that it could be from this pill and stopped taking it.  I already feel much better."
"I&#039;m 48 and have fibromyalgia, been taking amitriptyline for 10 yrs to manage the pain. Since being on the medication, started losing the normal morning erections, my Dr believed this was a side effect of the medication. As I got into my 40&#039;s it started to take longer to achieve an erection and slowly became where it would not last.  It finally got to a point where I could not maintain an erection during intercourse. Then as of 4 months ago I could not even have sex, could not reach ejaculation. So I talked with my Dr. and ran the usual blood work which came back fine. I had a testosterone level of 950, normal blood pressure and cholesterol, etc.  I took 5mg tablet and instantly I was hard and lasted for close to 2 hrs. Problem solved."
"This stuff is amazing. During my teen years I struggled with severe acne, and now that I am 24, it is improved a lot but I still get quite a bit of painful cystic acne on my chin. I use the Benzaclin morning and night. This cleared up my acne FAST. My cystic pimples used to take weeks to clear up, but overnight the size and redness was greatly reduced. Since I always breakout on my chin, I use this every night all over my chin, and spot treat in the morning if necessary. Other than that I just use Cetaphil cleanser and moisturizer for dry skin. It works! I never thought I&#039;d see the day where I have no acne!"
"I am a pre-diabetic. I have been taking Victoza for about 2 weeks. This is amazing! I am never hungry. I take it in the afternoon and the nausea seemed to disappear.  When I eat, it&#039;s small meals (very small) and I don&#039;t have the urge to snack at night!  I feel like I had lap band surgery or something. I hope it keeps working like it is now."
"I suffer frequent depression when negative events occur in my life. Prozac is a miracle that enables me to pick myself up before my bouts of depression become obvious to others eg. work, friends etc. Totally recommend use of this medicine to combat thoughts of hopelessness. I am now able to manage my life when I suspect a period of depression is looming. Thanks to the designer of this medicine."
"This is the second time I&#039;m taking this pills. The first time I lost 30 pounds in just a few short weeks. Now I&#039;ve been on them for almost a month now and I&#039;ve lost 17 pounds. Theses pills really help curb your appetite and I don&#039;t even think of eating."
"I&#039;ve been diagnosed with rhabdomiolitis. The pain it brought was excruciating - 15 on a scale of 1 to 10.

The rheumatologist ordered an initial dose of 4 mg by IV (this is an unusually high dose, the pharmacy double checked with the doctor before releasing the medicine). Subsequent doses were only 2 mg.

Dilaudid took away ALL of my pain within 60 seconds. The relief lasted through the night, allowing me a full night of sleep. Hydromorphone, the tablet form, is far less effective than I.V. In fact, I was down right disappointed with the tablets. They seemed to do nothing at all for the pain. It&#039;s hard to believe that hydromorphone tablets and Dilaudid I.V. are the same medicine.

I will request for my doctor to prescribe the Dilaudid injections."
"Good strength and quality."
"After using it the night before, major difference the following morning."
"I Took my last birth control active pill 2 days late. Had unprotected sex March 1st on my placebo week, 2 days before my period was due and 36 hours later took plan b. 5 days later On March 6th I was spotting and bleeding very light more like a brown discharge for 4 days. My period finally came yesterday March 30th. I freaked out the whole month and took 5 pregnancy tests and they were all negative. The pill works!!! You just have to be patient."
"After having an accident at work a few years ago I wasn&#039;t falling asleep until the sun came up because of chronic pain.  My muscle relaxers and pain medicines were no longer giving me enough relief to sleep at night so my doctor put me on Ambien CR.  After about 2 weeks I had to stop taking it because I was hallucinating, I was suffering from severe anxiety, I had tremors, I don&#039;t have enough room here to list everything.  I am now on Restoril and I don&#039;t have any side effects at all."
"About 2 months ago my skin started to break out really bad out of no where. I have had breakouts in the past but nothing like this. At first I thought it was an allergic reaction. I work in the operating room and wear surgical masks most of the day. I decided to go to the dermatologist and she prescribed me Ziana. She told me I had adult acne and that it was not an allergic reaction.Within one week my skin was much clearer. It has now been 2 weeks and the results have been great. A small amount on dry skin here and there but that is the only complaint. I am very pleased and hope the great results continue."
"Thank goodness for this medication.  I could probably not live a normal life without it.  I have so many fewer panic attacks while on it.  I have tried almost everything.  This is the only one that works for me.  It also helped my father.  He was on it until the day he died."
"Our 16 year old son was diagnosed with Bipolar and placed on many medicines that made him worse. Once he started on Lamictal, he is making wonderful progress, having clearer thinking and more stable moods. He stated that the medicine is really helping him. He has been on this medicine for several months at a low dosage and we are seeing our son come back!"
"I&#039;ve been on trintellix for 10 weeks now, roughly. I was on 5mg for awhile, now on ten. At first the nausea was unbearable and all it really did was stop me from getting overwhelmingly sad as often but now I&#039;ve found that I&#039;m more outgoing and capable of trying my best even in uncomfortable situations. The nausea is still there but it becomes super tolerable and gravol is a lifesaver. The only time it became a problem is when I was sick, I vomited non-stop, I had bronchitis so apparently the throat pain mixed with nausea was to blame. Still, overall trintellix has done wonders for my mental health and I&#039;m hoping the majority of others can agree or find another medication that will do for you, what trintellix has done for me."
"I love this pill! I have been taking birth control for over two years now. The first few months I was on Lo Loestrin Fe, I wasn&#039;t crazy about it, so I switched over to Microgestin 1\20 Fe and my period is perfect. I know exactly what day its coming and what time its coming, it&#039;s like clockwork. I take the pill around the same time every day and have had no problems! I love it and highly suggest this birth control. Periods are two and a half days and its spotting."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for about 10 years now. It works well for me. I am now taking 225 mg. per night. The only thing I worry about is dependence which I know I am. But, it allows me to sleep for about 5 hours nightly."
"I have had three injections for my Low red blood cell production by bone marrow. I feel more energetic after the injection and for several days after. By the third, fourth, or fifth day I feel as tired as before the beginning of treatment. Each week the energy seems to last longer. I felt faint on the fifth day after the third injection. I recovered in about an hour and a half."
"I used Zelnorm and it was the best thing for my constipation.  I hate that they took it off the market. Nothing works as good as Zelnorm.  Now, I deal with the pain, cramps being bedridden for half a day due to constipation. I wish they would bring it back."
"I had previously been on a 10-day cycle of Cefuroxime to battle an annoying nasal infection with post-nasal drip. The Cefuroxime didn&#039;t really work and the infection came back. This time a different doctor at the clinic prescribed amoxicillin and on the second day, it&#039;s gone. Just like that."
"Never again. Ever. This is probably the 10th time I&#039;ve taken dulcolax and each time is worse than the last. This time I took 2 tablets at 130 AM and got woken up at 730 AM. feeling extremely sick. Usually I would lay in bed and wait for it to pass, but not this time. I began to have violent vomiting while my stomach turned upside down! At this point I was vomiting while trying to not soil myself (which is a very unpleasant experience especially after first thing waking up). After BARELY having a bowel movement I crawled back into bed into the fetal position hoping it would be over soon. This is when the cramps began. The cramps from this medicine were the worst I&#039;ve EVER experienced in my life. STAY AWAY FROM DULCOLAX! Stick with miralax!"
"Was started on this because of extremely heavy bleeding and also birth control. I have nothing negative to say. It&#039;s been 2 years and have been enjoying it. Took about 2 months for the bleeding to slow down, and now its literally spotting to non existence with little to no cramps."
"I loved taking Dexilant. It stopped my heartburn and acid reflux immediately. After about a year I think I linked it to chronic chest pain symbolic of a heart attack. This medication worked for my irritable bowel syndrome too, I was not constantly in the bathroom and began feeling normal again. Unfortunately my Dr changed my medicines to see if my chest and side pain would go away. Now its just a waiting process again. When switching meds I also noticed my acid reflux came back worse then before though. I have mixed feelings but for acid reflux and irritable bowel syndrome I believe its a miracle but if my pains are related to Dexilant I would have to drop my rating some."
"I have been on Contrave for about 4 months and I have also been on a strict diet as well. It hasn&#039;t helped me at all. I haven&#039;t lost any weight at all. I had severe headaches during the initial phases of increasing dosages and after stabilized dosages I haven&#039;t seen any difference at all. I read that if it didn&#039;t show any difference within the first couple of months then it was most likely not effective for you. Considering another option. One positive thing though is the free scale from the scale down program, however the constant hounding and text messages gets old very quickly."
"I have been the guinea pig, like most of us who suffer from anxiey, depression, ocd tendencies, etc.  I have tried more &quot;psych&quot; meds then I care to count.  Some did nothing.  Some made me physically sick.  One made me homicidal.  I have never been a fan of narcotics.  They too do not agree with me.  After herniated disc/back surgery 3 years ago, Dr said I needed to take at least something.  So I got Tramadol.  200mg a day. If I had pain, I was too calm and happy to notice.  Life was great!  I had energy and focus.  I was on this regimen for about 20 days.  About the third day into not taking Tramadol, I felt like hell!  Talked with PCP who pulled me off lexapro and now I take this.  Do have .5mg xanax for bad panic attacks.  I feel amazing!"
"I want to encourage anything who is sitting on the fence to give this medication a try. For years I had debated about going on medication for anxiety, instead I was always trying to find natural remedies and involved in intensive psychotherapy. While the therapy was incredibly helpful in many areas of my life the anxiety persisted. I tried this medication and am so incredibly happy that I did. The first two days were unpleasant, felt like I had a cold and my sleep was not great. After the first few days my sleep returned to normal and the only major symptoms I experienced was sweating and some erectile challenges. I have been on the medication for over a month now and the sweating has reduced substantially and minimum concerns with erection"
"Tussionex is worth it. I&#039;m 16 years old. Got good old bronchitis and doctor said borderline pneumonia. This is a great medication. Use as directed by doctor. No side effects."
"I thought Prazosin had been a life saver. Had very vivid nightmares that occured regularly. But was always very sceptical about how long this would stay effective. Well, one summer night my nightmares had come back. But was happy that I went pretty much nightmare free for close to a year. But remember, this medication did not eliminate them completely and with talking to other members of my Battalion it didn&#039;t completely eliminate them. I guess my Psychiatrist is going to try me on a marijuana based medication this month. Will keep you updated!! Go to meetings, talk about it with others who experienced it, it does eventually help!!"
"Took one pill and all the side effects manifested ... full blown. Another on a long list of wonder drugs that give me the full blown side effects.  My doctor put me on a couple of the old stand-bys and I&#039;m doing pretty good."
"Helps me with being able to go out without thinking everyone is looking or talking about me, more confident and less hot flushes and palpitations, however all I do is sleep. I&#039;m going to bed about 8 at night and waking up at half 7, almost falling asleep during work. Great for people who can&#039;t sleep well but for me I don&#039;t want to spend the rest of my life in bed! Also I would advise not to drink alcohol with this, seriously blank outs no matter how much you drink. You don&#039;t realize till the next morning that you can&#039;t remember a thing which is a horrible experience. Going to try to come off this gradually."
"I am having side effects like fast heart beat, not able to sleep, diarrhea, vaginal itching. I feel it has many side effects and they will occur depending on the person.
"
"I&#039;m writing this review to calm the minds of others who are in the same boat I was until today (the day I got my period). I have taken Plan B on 4 separate occasions in my life- split up over seven years. This last time was different for a few reasons: I was ovulating during intercourse, used the pull out method, and was over the supposed 175 lb &quot;weight limit&quot;. Timeline: First day of last period- March 19. Day I had sex- March 29th. Day I took plan B- March 30th (14 hours later).  The  day I got my period- April 11th. I had cramping the entire 12 days after taking Plan B before getting my period, different from the last three times I&#039;d taken it in my life. My advice: RELAX. Take it ASAP after sex. And get a Z Pack to protect against STDs as well."
"I got perscribed this for mood swings during that time of the month rather than for birth control. So far it hasn&#039;t impressed me to much. I&#039;ve been on it for 3 weeks now and my skin is usually very clear, but within 2 days of starting Sprintec I started severely breaking out and nothing will clear it up. As far as my mood swings, it works pretty well but every now and then I get really depressed and that&#039;s not normal for me. Lastly I&#039;ve only thrown up like 3 times in my life but as soon as I started taking this I&#039;ve been super nauseous every day and every other night or so I wake up and have to throw up. Maybe its affecting me more because I&#039;m 15 but it&#039;s not been too great."
"Hi I had the paragrad for 7 years it was awesome ! It didint hurt getting it in or the removal I loved it I did cramp when I excersied and sex was sometimes pain full certain positions and the only real annoying thins was the discharge out of no where but and a big but it was great no weaight gain No acne nothing no mood swings but I started having cyst in my ovaries and the iud wasint the cause but it wasint helping either so I had it removed but had I not had a cyst I would still have it "
"One of the worst things I&#039;ve ever done! Was excited to get it as no longer had to worry about contraception but I was wrong. I had it inserted in October which was not very painful. Felt OK then in the middle of November started bleeding constantly. Checked with the dr and she said it would ease, I bled all the way through to mid February when I finally got it taken out. I was so depressed. So was really happy I had it removed and thought it was over until I started getting the most severe pain and ended up in emergency with an infection. I ended up on 3 courses of antibiotics. It&#039;s now the following November and am only just feeling like my normal self."
"I just got my skyla in yesterday so this rating is only for the insertion process itself. I have been on the pill for the past year and a half but I wasn&#039;t very good at taking it on time and correctly so my doctor and I decided to try an IUD. As I&#039;m 18 and have never had kids the skyla it was. I&#039;m not going to lie I tend to overestimate how much something is going to hurt and end up being fine but unfortunately that wasn&#039;t the case for this. The pain was definitely there and actually hurt more than I thought it would. I couldn&#039;t stand up for about ten minutes after the insertion and driving home was a a nightmare. I had to pull over because my vision was blurry. Be cautious with this. Hoping the good outweighs the bad."
"Been on generic adipex for 1 month. Start weight 183. Current weight 171. Drink lots of water on this. Dehydration can cause headaches ( get migraines already so this did not increase due to the medication). First day i was nauseous. first week was extreme dry mouth and complete lack of appetite. I had to remind myself to eat during the first week. At some point during the second week i was feeling a bit hungry but not the constant hunger i experienced before. As of the end of the first month the only persisting side effect if the dry mouth. I&#039;m also not sleeping very well! but I just take tylenol pm for that. overall i feel good. i&#039;m losing weight. im less hungry so i&#039;m selecting better food choices. (chocoholic lol) and no serious issues."
"I had been suffering from hyperdidrosis for about two years. The most unbearable and uncomfortable situation was the feeling of drops of sweat roll down my side. I had to change my wardrobe completely. I would come back from school and immediately have to change my shirt. I had tried everything!  I tried home remedies to all kinds of deoderants, but nothing worked. Not only was it embarassing, but the sensation of having sweaty underarms was uncomfortable. I told my doctor about and she gave me drysol. It was a MIRACLE! The day after I put it on, my sweat was 99% GONE!! Just a little burning, but not to bad. It reduced my sweating and know I can go back to the life I used to have. Thank the heavens for this product! Love it!"
"This was a life changing experience and I have the power to make positive changes in the everyday challenges I face. Without methadone treatment this would not have been possible."
"So I was diagnosed today with chlamydia and having been in a faithful relationship for nearly four years I was obviously freaked out I&#039;d had it that long. But anyway, I look four 250mg in one go at around 7pm and had stomach pain after around half hour. It&#039;s now 9:30pm and I just had one of the worst episodes of diarrhoea in my life. I was worried this would affect the drug working but it seems to be normal so as long as it gets rid of the chlamydia it&#039;s a small price to pay. Food/drink - mocha 1 hour before taking, bolognese 1 hour after taking. Judging by these reviews it seems it doesn&#039;t matter if you eat or not you still could get side effects. Worth noting I didn&#039;t throw up but then I&#039;m not a throwing up type person"
"I first got IBS-D when I was a freshman in high school. Now, eight years later, I found Viberzi. I&#039;m on my third month with it and it has worked wonders! I experienced abdominal pain when I first started, but I read the instructions and realized I needed to take it with food. It&#039;s important to take it with a meal, rather than a snack, since that works better for me. I take the 100 MG tablets twice a day. I still get anxious about going out, but after living with this for eight years, living a more normal life takes getting used to. I&#039;ve only gotten diarrhea when I had a virus or that time of the month hit, but otherwise I haven&#039;t had any more incidents. I can even eat chili without getting sick!"
"Really good effect of this Viagra its the best"
"I took Parnate in the hospital.  It&#039;s the second most wonderful thing to ever have happened to my brain, after ECT.  But it tried to kill me.  But that was due to a drug interaction.  Don&#039;t take a high dose of Parnate (60 mg) with more than 150 mg of trazodone.  I did.  I had two hypertensive crises.  My BP was 208/163.  It was extremely painful.  But I would go back to Parnate in a second, just without the trazodone.  Look up the drugs it interacts with before you take something with it.  I felt cheerful, I started laughing again for the first time in years.  Until the hypertensive stuff happened my team was talking discharge.  And I came in very sick.  Parnate is great."
"I had severe congestion and pressure causing pain and a headache. Sinex worked within 5 minutes of using. I can now breathe out of my nose for the first time today. I was real skeptical at first but am very happy with the results. Definitely recommend!"
"Removed all constipation, have regular bowel for the first time in years."
"Started my menopause late 30&#039;s. I am very fit and thought I would sail through it! Instead I had so many hot flashes day and night plus anxiety and vey bad insomnia so much so I could not function. Thankfully my husband was very patient and caring as I would get very moody and emotional. I am now 57 and still going through it and after trying quite a few things which did not work (not HRT) I was put on clonidine 4 years ago, thank goodness as I do not have half as many hot flushes, very few sleepless nights so I&#039;m not tired which makes me very happy.  It obviously works for me and cannot believe I was not told about it sooner. I cannot remember having any side effects I.e dry mouth or headaches and I take 25mg a day."
"I was on this pill to make my periods lighter and clear up my acne. It made my periods VERY light, usually lasting less than one day of bleeding, and one day of light spotting. For acne it did wonders, but ONLY when taken with the antibiotic minocycline, together. Both medications on their own did not effect my acne, but when taken together they helped tremendously."
"I decided to try out the Paragard after giving birth to my 2nd child.  I&#039;d already tried the pill &amp; depo , neither worked for me so paragard was recommended for me due to the no hormones &amp; longevity. The initial  procedure was so painful for me I thought I Was dying considering that I&#039;ve never given birth vaginally. My obgyn had to attempt 3times before successful getting it done (my uterus is tighter than most so the utensil kept being pushed out). But the ultimate deal breaker for me is the irregular periods &amp; discomfort during sex. My cycles come twice a month sometimes &amp; they&#039;re so heavy that I have to use a tampon &amp; pad at the same time &amp; lasting longer. Sex is uncomfortable @times &amp; I often have no sex drive at all."
"For those who just found out they have LATENT TB, the treatment is tedius but I have remained very healthy and have no serious complications. I have taken this medication 300 mg once daily for almost 9 months. Only main issue is it totally messes up a woman&#039;s cycle. My doc put be on 50mg of Vit B6 to prevent nerve damage. I take the Vit. B every day. My doc checks my liver and other blood levels every month to make sure I do not damage my liver. I take 50 mg of trazodone for sleep and it doesn&#039;t seem to interact weird with the isoniazid. It&#039;s just a pain to have to remember everyday but you get use to it."
"I have taken Sertraline, Paroxetin, Wellbutrin, Brintellix, Mirtazepine. But lamotrigine is perfect in combination with paroxetine. I am glad that  this medication was created."
"I took symbyax 3/25 for 5 years.  I have been opening my pill capsules and splitting the contents so I can slowly withdraw. The price was getting a bit expensive too. I would not recommend taking any meds unless you absolutely have to. After 5 years I will feel this but some discomfort is to be expected."
"I&#039;ve always known that Xanax was the answer to my issues."
"Lost 9lbs in 2 weeks and have not exercised yet.  This pill is the real deal. No side effects."
"I have been on Nuvaring for over a year. Overall I love it. I have done 3 weeks in 1 week out and I have done 3 weeks in and immediately put in a new ring which both have worked without any problem. I also tried 4 weeks in 1 week out/immediately put a new one in because my gyno did tell me the ring actually has 28 days of hormones - but the lowered hormones caused me to bleed a lot.
I do have problems with slipping occasionally and taking it out before sex is a little embarrassing but I love it for how hard it is to mess up."
"Found this medication excellent with my depression recovery. However when you do start to feel better, the medication makes me feel lazy at times and has made me put on about 3kgs."
"Was horrible at the start, expect insomnia taking 20mgs. After 6 months I felt very very very good. I live with no anxiety at the moment. Weight gain is a side effect."
"This Ranitidine did not help duodenal ulcer, my acid reflux, my acid nothing I am now using a medication called sucralfate and it&#039;s working like a dream!
ps. I have Chronic pancreatitis... what enzymes?  I have to take Pancrealipase to digest."
"I was on Corgard for 7 years and it did not control my migraines. I get complex migraines with neuro symptoms... numbness on one side of face/arm/hand... .feels like a stroke, but isn&#039;t.... have had CTs etc. Anyway, was switched to Topomax at 25 mg in March and increased to 50mg in May... no migraines except for one episode of a few days of the &#039;aura&#039; but did not go into the full blown scary feeling migraine. My side effects have been significant  weight loss and some word find issues, but I would not trade them for feeling like I am having a stroke. I don&#039;t know the long term effect of taking Topamax though.... will have to ask my neurologist. I have changed to a new one recently. Am so thankful so far for Topamax."
"I&#039;ve struggled with anxiety for years and worried about everything!  I finally tried escitalopram!  One of the best things I ever did!  I was so scared of living in a fog from past experiences with anxiety meds.!   In the first week I found 10mg to be to much, so I started cutting down to 2 mg!  When I was ready or felt anxiety sneaking on me again I would up it another 2 mg!  Yes all the side affects are real and possible!  But after 4 to 5 weeks I was able to level out!  I gave it my best shot and it was worth it in the end!  I&#039;m now taking 10mg daily!  hope this was helpful"
"This pill started out as the greatest thing ever, no side effects! I was in good shape and weighed around 140lbs. I don&#039;t like periods so I always skipped it which my doctor said was completely okay. But after 6 months of taking it, it just went completely downhill. I gained about 25 pounds in the last 8 months of taking it! I didn&#039;t realize how much weight I had gained until I realized my shorts and jeans from the summer before didn&#039;t fit me anymore! I was completely disgusted after a picture I saw of myself and decide to get on a scale and I weighed 165! That was ridiculous for me! And I never thought how when I was on this birth control I was hungry.. ALL THE TIME! I recently got off it and lost 5 pounds in the 1st week!"
"In just a week I have noticed a difference in my ability to focus and get things accomplished. Decision making is easier. So far no side effects. I up the dosage today so hopefully this will be just what I need."
"I took Myrbetriq three times over a week.  It stopped the urinary urgency it was prescribed to treat but caused serious demetia.  I would not be able to function if I took this drug regularly. Dry mouth I could handle, not dementia."
"71 year old male.  Started on 30 mg.  Works well in terms of reducing numbness and cramping from peripheral neuropathy. Side effects - slight constipation and slight reduction in energy level.  Also possible reduction is sexual performance.  Again, side effects seem to be slight so far compared to benefits.."
"My psoriatic arthritis started about 36 months ago I tried light therapy and was on enbroe for about 8 months with limited improvement from either treatment procedure.
My back, head, and legs were very covered with psoriasis and were extremely itchy. My scratching exacerbated  the problem and I had bleeding scores all over my legs. 
One year ago I went on otezla and within 4 months my back and head were completely clear and my legs were vastly improved
I did not experience any side effects to speak of although I did lose 10 lbs.
Currently my legs are about 80% clear however after about 5 months of use the palms of my hands and my feet were severely infected with psoriasis to the point were they were cracking and bleeding no matter how much l tried to look after them"
"I started Humira at the end of July this year and within a few days, my pain in my lower back and neck disappeared.  Recently my wife picked up my prescription and left the Humira in her car for 8 hours not being refrigerated in 90 degree weather.  I used the Humira and my symptoms returned.  I contacted the 1-800-4Humira number and spoke with a nurse who informed me that the Humira (when left outside) was unstable and should not had been used.  Lesson learned... make sure to immediately refrigerate your Humira.  I am now waiting to get my next injection and am praying it works for me again."
"Until about age 56, had never had cold sore. Suddenly had spot on butt, went to clinic, PA thought it was spider bite, antibodies given, no relief.  The next time it occurred (same spot), got in to see dermatologist immediately. He stated it was a form of chicken pox virus (not sexual related). Gave Valtrex, worked great. Pharmacist also recommending taking L-LySyine daily to help prevent occurrences. Used to have only 2 occurrences a year - February and August -my work stress months.  Have not had any more occurrences."
"Due to a bacteria which caused traveller diarrhea for like two weeks I had to take very strong antibiotics to get rid of it. Unfortunately, I then couldn&#039;t go to the toilet anymore for 4 days. On the 5th day I took one pill at 4pm, woke up at 4am in the morning with really painful stomach cramps, but couldn&#039;t go to the toilet. At around 8am the pain was almost unbearable and I felt sick and didn&#039;t know if I had to vomit whilst I was sitting on the toilet. Worked eventually but only 16 hours later with a lot of pain in the hours beforehand. It does its job but you have to accept the pain which comes with it."
"I started on an anxiety medication that caused me weight gain so I switched to Pristiq, which I was told was good to help control weight gain even reverse it. I have been on it for 3 months and my weight gain has exploded putting on 6 kgs, i still feel a little uneasy. Maybe I need to up my dose, but so very depressed that my weight is out of control."
"This medication works! Unfortunately I started experiencing horrible burping and vomiting. The incidents progressively got worse. It just started out as burping, then I vomited 1 time, then the next incident I vomited for a couple of hours and then I was sick for 2 days. These did not happen all in the  same week, it was random. I really want to take this med but can&#039;t stand that side effect."
"-50mg pill Naltrexone
-binge drinker consuming between 40-60 drinks a week
-experienced nausea and ended up throwing up, it did not come back with my next dose. 
-attempted drinking on 2nd day and found that I had lost interest/craving
Some unexpected positive side effects: 
-loss of desire to smoke cigarettes
-extreme reduction OCD smartphone use
-reduced appetite but with food tasting great, even water tastes great (weird)
-fitful sleep and whackadoodle dreams
-night-sweats
-jittery for first 30-60 minutes after dose
-I am a better father, husband and all around dude"
"Lupus: I have been taking Arthrotec for two weeks now; my symptoms have improved tremedously.  I tired Mobic 15 mg., Celebrex, Lyrica and just about everything else that would decrease pain. I know it has side effects but walking and being productive is well worth the risk."
"My experience has been quite well. I got it when I was 15 in May 2015. It bruised for a while after, and I bleed everyday up until December. Now reading the other reviews and the side effects, I now know why I&#039;ve been gaining a little weight, got some acne, and have been yelling at people for now reason. Haha, I know that seems sad but I&#039;ve handled it! It also made me not wanna have sex, and when I did it was uncomfortable. But, its now March and I havent had a period for a while (I&#039;m not pregnant!) I like it because its easier than a pill. If you can deal with wearing pads for a while and not worrying about taking a pill, I suggest it!"
"This pill gives me an appetite, helps my depression, helps my anxiety, and helps me sleep. I love it. I don&#039;t know what I would do without it to be honest, and if I need to be on one medication for the rest of my life this would be it. I have been on many pills and I&#039;m normally really picky about side effects but this one is just great for me."
"Getting better results than with Lantus.  Used Lantus for 7 years.  I have used Toujeo for 1 year as of April 2016.  Did not experience any adverse side effects.  Blood sugar much more stable - not as many highs or lows.  Makes it easier to do fine-tuning with my mealtime insulin.  A1c came down and stayed between 6 and 6.3."
"I&#039;ve been on this for a month or so at 25mg a day and it has reduced my headaches down from one every day with a migraine once a week to about a headache a week and I haven&#039;t had a migraine yet. When I take this I have noticed that I sleep better. I also have dry mouth with this unfortunately but it is nothing compared to having daily headaches. (18 years old, female, migraines since age 4)."
"Works great and does not cause erectile dysfunction like other classes of blood pressure drugs."
"I&#039;ve had lower back pain for over a year and several doctors later, I was put on Cymbalta.  I could not handle the side effects.  I was having horrible dreams, sweats, felt nauseated, shakes, and felt really out of it with dizziness and confusion.  This was a 30 mg dose, I&#039;m not on any other medicines."
"It&#039;s my 4th day on Bactrim and it has not been great. I feel better from the overall symptoms but I&#039;ve been fatigued and super groggy and for the first day I had a horrible headache. I keep feeling my heart pounding in my head and ears, but I agree with pretty much everyone else on here, the symptoms from the cure are better than the symptoms of my bladder/kidney infection. I&#039;ve got 6 more days... Is it effective? Yes. Is it an enjoyable experience? No."
"I have used Neupro for 5 months now, in combination with Azilect. The neurologist Increased my dosage from 2mg to 6mg. My tremors and motor-skills co-ordination are definetely more  under control. No significant side effects."
"Shrinks prostate.  No effect on sex drive.  Less ejaculate.   After prostate shrunk &amp; urine stream improved, cut back to 1 pill every other day as maintenance."
"My doctor put me on this for a nerve condition which typically leaves me in dull pain, with occasional fierce spikes in pain. He noted that it is a &quot;very powerful painkiller&quot; so be careful. I took one, waited an hour or so, nothing. Took the second one, and again now almost 3 hours later I feel 100% the same, the pain has not been reduced at all. I took 1 200mg advil, and felt a minor amount of relief, so this is about the power of maybe a baby aspirin. Hardly a &quot;powerful painkiller. I thought maybe it was just me, but after some research I see I am not alone. I think this medicine is nothing short of pharmaceutical grade snake oil. I will be going back to my doctor to rid this hoax in a bottle."
"The reason for my review is in hope that I can convince someone out there who needs help with their anxiety to try this medication. It seriously has been changing my life. It&#039;s only been 2 months and I&#039;m already feeling &quot;normal&quot;. It took a little less than a month for me to really start feeling happier and less anxious. I used to be very negative because of my anxiety. I never wanted to socialize or do anything. I started a new job, which used to be one of my biggest anxiety triggers. But it has been going so well! I&#039;m social and can talk to my coworkers and customers with confidence and my negative thoughts aren&#039;t really there anymore. I&#039;ll admit the side effects the first few weeks were horrible! Just stick it out, I promise it&#039;s worth it."
"I was taking Yaz for about 6-7 months and had great results with decreased acne and shorter menstrual periods. However, the more I read about the drug, the more concerned I became about some of the side effects other people were having. However, I am not the type of person to imagine that side effects are happening to me. I have always tolerated most medications pretty well. So I thought everything was going well with Yaz. About 6-7 months into it, I started noticing that I was having a lot of muscle twitching. It was subtle at first but then it was constant. I finally went to my doctor and she said that I most likely had increased potassium, causing an electrolyte imbalance. (Which can be very dangerous if untreated). Hope this helps."
"It&#039;s hard for me to remember who I was before I started this medication, to be quite honest I don&#039;t want to either. I was angry, always ended up in arguments or fights with family, I had major depressive episodes to the point I wondered if I had bipolar(I do not, otherwise this medication wouldn&#039;t have worked afaik). I had constant anxiety to the point where I once had to lay in my bed for an entire week because the only time I wasn&#039;t in constant fear was when I was sleeping. I started this and everything changed, I&#039;m not really happy but I am not depressed which is a blessing for someone like me who wanted to die every minute. I don&#039;t argue or fight with people much anymore unless it&#039;s unavoidable. I also lost my mild OCD."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 5 months now. Besides the frequent spotting I experienced during the first 2 months, I have no complaints! No change in my weight, emotions, sex drive, acne (if anything my skin has been better). My boobs experienced some minor swelling for only about a month. Overall, I do believe this pill is something you definitely have to give your body some time to get used to but once it does, you will be super content! Hang in there ladies"
"As a teen I never had acne or cramps, and once I became sexually active I started taking a different birth control for obvious reasons. After 2 years with no problems, I went off it because I started getting acne. It was only after I stopped taking it that my skin became TERRIBLE. I&#039;m talking a full chinstrap of god awful acne for months. I then went on Lomedia/Blisovi and it slowly but surely cleared my skin up. However, Lomedia/Blisovi completely stopped my periods. Won&#039;t complain about that, but it did result in very heavy, thick, constant discharge. I think it also affected my mood. Not sure if it was life or the pill but I became anxious, moody, and depressed. Never gained weight/had cramps but I&#039;m scared to go off it for acne&#039;s sake"
"I started taking Cryselle almost 9 months ago to treat my endometriosis as well as to act as a birth control. My OB-GYN instructed me to skip the placebos, and as a result I have had virtually no cramping or break through bleeding (common on my last pill). However, as she warned, I developed severe acne. The acne I could deal with, but the emotional side effects I cannot. I have become increasingly moody the longer I have been on Cryselle, especially around the time of my &quot;period&quot;. I have also developed strong feelings of anxiety and depression. I had hoped when these symptoms began, that they would lessen over time, but they have just increased in severity. "
"Update:
24days in and I&#039;m done. I could deal with all the side effects but on day 22, something called brain zaps started. They are painful &quot;zaps&quot; and continue through out the day. I thought I must be having an aneurism. I HAVEN&#039;T MISSED A DAY. 20mg.  Calling Doctor for best way to exit this. I rather put up with the night sweats."
"I just started on this drug 2 weeks now. My doctor prescribed it to me to help deal with my concussion headaches and to help me sleep. The pain-free aspect is quite lovely, however 2 weeks in, and I&#039;m suuuuper groggy. It doesn&#039;t help me sleep, but I didn&#039;t have a problem with that - it was just the post-concussion headaches. My doctor&#039;s main goal seemed to just send me back to work. I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t have to drive into work today because I&#039;m not sure I&#039;d be up for morning rush hour traffic. She only prescribed one month&#039;s worth (10 mg pills) &amp; I can&#039;t wait to be finished with it. I have noticed a large increase in &quot;chubbiness&quot; around my mid-section. I notice that some weight gain is one of the side effects as well."
"I am taking this medicine so my period can come. It&#039;s the second month I am taking it. It worked just fine in the first time."
"I have been taking Benicar for about 6 months now and all I can say is WOW! My blood pressure is 124/80 and, needless to say, I&#039;m very happy. So far, no side effects either."
"As a child I always had problems with being very hyper and I couldn&#039;t pay attention like other children in my class. My teacher noticed it and told my mother about things that could help me. My mother had me tested and put on Adderall. Within a week I can honestly remember a change. At first it made me feel very funny and zombie like but after it got in my system my family said I was totally different person. I also suffer with dyslexia, but this medication helped me with that too. I was put on it when I was 7 years old. When I was 20 I stopped taking it since I was out of school. I couldn&#039;t hold down a job and things just got really bad for me. Then I had my baby boy and decided I had to be put back on it. Best thing that happened to me."
"The absolute worst drug I have ever been on. Caused physical illness and a state of mania for a week straight - a week from hell."
"This is only my second colonoscopy, ( I am 60 yrs. young) My doc gave me the Gavilyte-N. It was not too bad as I made it this morning and let it chill. The first few glasses went down ok. But I am down to about 2-3 more glasses away from being finished tonight. I have had the worst nausea, gagging, and near vomiting I have felt in my entire life. I hope to God I never have to do this again. There&#039;s no history of polyps or cancer in my family. Calling it done once this procedure is over."
"Depo-Provera worked very well. In fact I really loved it. I only gained about 3 pounds (I do work out 4/5 times a week). Had my period 3 times a year and it was so easy just one shot every three months. The only downside was I got a bunch of acne and a bit of hair loss. Each month around my period I still had the cravings but never got my period! Now that I am off my acne cleared up a bit. I highly recommend this birth control! Very effective!"
"This is my second time trying verapamil.

Neither time was effective. Side effects were unacceptable (leg pain, increased dizziness, non migraine headaches)."
"27 yr old male and never had acne until a yr ago. Initially, I thought it was stress or something short term that would go away. It never went away and the last yr I tried everything Imaginable: OTC acne meds, changed my diet numerous times; cut out all sugar, ate only organic food. Quit exercising to see if sweat was causing it. I did everything possible.I never had acne and could not figure out why at 26/27 it started. I finally went to the dermatologist and was put on Retin A, this made my acne 20x worse. Gave me cystic acne everywhere. I used it for over a month but could not take it anymore. Luckily my mom had Finacea. Within a day I saw results and within a week it was all gone. My face is perfect. I wish I had more room to say how great it is."
"Only used for pain relief after c section surgery."
"well neurotin has really not done anything for me..i was an alcoholic and had seizures..many times and they put me on propranolol it has helped more than anything I guess for the tremors but as far as seizures nope not doing anything I still feel like I&#039;m about to have a heart attack/seizure...just aint doing it for me"
"Been using treximet since 2008. Was upgrade from relpax 40mg. I get 6-8 migraines per month. Treximet works    faster than imitrex and relpax. For me, treximet is active within 30-40 min or 2 hours if the migraine is very strong. Imitrex took 4-6 hours, relpax took 2-3 hours. Only side effect is drowsiness. Very happy with results but prefer if it was not so expensive."
"Please, please, please do your research before ever taking Klonopin or any drug in the benzodiazepine family.  Klonopin has caused me great hardship and nearly cost me my life.  And I am not alone - thousands of people have had horrific experiences with this drug.  Please search &quot;benzo withdrawal&quot; or similar to educate yourself.  Looking back, my original anxiety was nothing compared to the torture I went through once I was addicted to klonopin.  And I am not through it yet.  Words  can not explain the horror I went through.  That is why I beg you to do your own research.  Most doctors don&#039;t know or are in denial about the withdrawal effects of benzodiazepines.  The stories you will find are not lies or exaggerations. Buyer beware! Please!!"
"After a few weeks of taking this my blood sugars came right down and have stayed low."
"Just finishing 2nd pack. I have never taken birth control before. I wanted to try it because I have super super heavy painful long periods. The first month I had break through bleeding then it stopped. I have a much better mood now, skin is clearing up. It also helps with cramps, bloating and much more. Hopefully it will continue to be a great thing, only time will tell."
"This Drysol changed my life! I would absolutely recommend to everyone who deals with excessive sweating. I knew sweating was a problem for me when I used to sweat in the cold while not working out. Being nervous/heat/physicial activity made it so much worse. I think people around me noticed my problem as well but were polite enough not to mention it. Within 2 uses my sweating was gone, now I barely do any maintenance, maybe once a month and there is no sweat at all. Thank you so much Drysol! Also, didn&#039;t notice any side effects."
"One week off of 12 week course. I feel great.  So thankful  and grateful for this miracle. Side effects  were really mild."
"I started Contrave on April 1st. Have been on it for 10 days. I am now taking 2 pills a day. One in morning and one in evening.  So far no bad side effects. I have lost 3 lbs as of today.  I am eating less at each meal and no snacking in between. Overall I am pleased so far."
"Getting off the depo... Ever since I&#039;ve got it, I&#039;ve had horrible headaches every single day, the only thing that helps is Exedrin Migraine. I&#039;ve gained 20+ pounds &amp; im extremely moody &amp; tired all the time &amp; I spit out of nowhere. I loved the shot at first but I&#039;m getting off of it."
"Was on it for 3 years. Mostly used to help treat PMS, cramps and headache. While those never really went away just delayed 3 months were less severe, until recently. Lately been having horrible cramps about a week before, and some mild spotting. Did not have my hormone headache and cramps were tolerable with one month bc. Recently talked to OBGYN , she thinks this is my bodies way of telling me should have my period once a month, so back to the one month packs."
"Extremely erect "
"I&#039;ve been taking Sprintec for almost two months and I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;ve been eating less and feeling full faster. I already lost 3 pounds! The doctor told me I may experience nausea or spotting but so far I haven&#039;t and my period has been on time! I hope it stays this way though!"
"I am on my 9th day of treatment with zepatier for Hep C I am doing very well with no side effects can&#039;t even tell I&#039;m taking it..  So glad I finally got treatment  it sure has been a journey."
"I was on Lutera for 3 years and it was awesome! My cramps were mild, my periods were only few days long and lighter. I wasn&#039;t emotional and out of control. I felt normal. I didn&#039;t gain weight. This is a great pill to try!"
"Very effective with no side effects."
"I&#039;ve been using this product for about 3 weeks. My acne is really bad due to hormone issues, so I was worried that no medications would help until we finally got my hormones balanced. Well, I began using Aczone and I have, as well as others, noticed a wonderful improvement. I haven&#039;t had issues with dry skin with it. I hope it continues to work."
"I was on Serzone for 6 years and it gave me my life back.  It truly is a miracle medicine and should not get the bad rap.  I never had any liver problems, in fact I only had dry mouth as a side-effect.  It did not affect my libido or ability like the Cymbalta that I am on now.  I had liver problems with Depakote ER and I don&#039;t understand why it does not get the negative press.  Serzone is amazing and I am going to work with my new psychiatrist to be back on it once again.  I can&#039;t wait to get my life back once again!"
"Had my sonogram check up today at 2.5 weeks post insertion. The IUD was exactly where it should be. I told my doctor I had experienced some pretty intense pain/cramping on my right side near what I assumed was my ovary. He told me that was the implant &quot;getting in place&quot; and was pretty normal. I&#039;ve never had painful periods so my experience for what is normal is fairly limited. And although the pain was at times intense &amp; nauseating it was very quick. The cystic acne I reported on day 3 (see earlier review) has subsided and was explained as androgens flooding my system. Spotting is minimal and some bloody discharge when I urinate. No pain during sex or high intensity workouts. So far thee discomfort was worth it. :)"
"This was the first BC I was put on. Bled continuously for 6 months. My OB/GYN prescribed it to take so my periods would stop, so 6 months of that was enough. I also have migraines, which I take Topamax to prevent, but with the Previfem they were coming nearly every other day. Extreme nausea and regular vomiting were also lovely side effects I experienced. I switched to Gildess or Junel, depending on which the pharmacy had in, and they were both a dream. None of these symptoms except for occasional nausea, so I took it at night to remedy that. Gildess and Junel are also used to regulate hormonal migraine headaches, and they both helped tremendously. I just got the Nexplanon, but will go back to Gildess/Junel if I don&#039;t do well with it."
"I wish I could say that Buspar helped me.  I was really hoping that I would have the same experience as some of the individuals here.  I think the Buspar actually made my anxiety worse. However, I didn&#039;t feel any side effects until I took it for about 2 weeks.  

I had the dizziness and fatigue that many have commented on, but also the less common side effects like gastrointestinal problems, nausea, confusion, and lack of concentration.  I had to stop taking it because it was impairing me so badly.  I hope that this medication works for others but it, unfortunately, did not for me."
"Have previously used progesterone tablets which worked fairly well however I had a break and then my gp told me to use these instead. Horrid 3 days! I could deal with the nausea and low mood as I was prepared for it, but I lost my orgasm on just 25mg and 3 tablets. Not for me!"
"So far so good.  I followed the tips to drink it very cold, with a wedge of lemon handy (Best. Tip. Ever.) and through a large straw.  It was nasty but drinkable.  I had an immediate reaction and apart from feeling a little gross for about an hour after drinking it, it was no big deal.  No, I&#039;m not especially looking forward to the next bottle but it&#039;s not the worst thing I&#039;ve had to do.   Comparable to warm barium if you ask me."
"I have debilitating seasonal allergies, to the point where my eyes swell up completely.  Doctors kept saying take zyrtec, take claritin, nasonex, etc.  Nothing made even a dent in the symptoms, even benadryl barely helped.  When I was finally prescribed xyzal it completely changed allergy season for me.  I feel like I have no allergies at all (almost a problem because I forget to take my meds).  Anyone who is miserable during allergy season should seriously consider xyzal."
"I am currently on this to treat BV, I&#039;m on my last day and it has definitely done it&#039;s job I no longer have any signs of infection, it&#039;s very effective. But this medication can be extremely unpleasant. I got the worst of it today, diarrhea, nausea, weakness, fatigue, upset stomach, and body aches. I drank a store bought Kombucha, which is a drink loaded with probiotics, and I immediately felt relief. I recommend anyone having bad side effects from this medication get some sort of daily probiotic intake, don&#039;t worry it will not make the metronidazole any less effective. It helps relieve bad side effects of antibiotics immensely, look it up! This can also help reduce the risk of getting a yeast infection from this medication"
"I was already 3 days into a breakout and decided to go to the pharmacy and look for something to help alleviate the pain. I chose Abreva because it was FDA approved, but truthfully wasn&#039;t expecting much. To make matters worse, I have a beard that covers the sore.

After only 1 day the sore was much, much better and virtually all of the related pain on my cheek and chin was gone. By the second day the sore was barely there. 

I&#039;m now a fan of this treatment and will definitely purchase it again at the very first sign of an outbreak. For me, Abreva is a &quot;keeper.&quot;"
"I&#039;ve had my implant in since March of 2013, I&#039;m on my second implant now and I as well have nothing good to say about the implant. I bleed constantly, am in a depressed or irritated mood all the time, and when I am in a good mood it never lasts more than a few hours because my mood swings are so horrible."
"I started taking generic lipitor in February/March  2017. My lab work came back and total cholesterol was 311. At first I started taking 20mg a day. By the 9th day I was an emotional mess. Anxiety,  anger, confusion, leg pain, stomach pain and heartburn. I decided to take the 20mg  every other day. All the side effects disappeared. Works great.  I heard back from my Dr who says to continue the every other day dosage because its working and its tolerable for me."
"I had super bad acne for about half a year and it was awful. My dermatologist, at first put me on creams like Aczone and Epiduo and an antibiotic called Doxycycline Monohydrate. My skin started to look better.The dermat switched my antibiotic to a different drug called minocycline. This cleared up my face, but started making some of my acne scars look even darker! I then switched back to my normal, until last December I began having a major allergic reaction to the Epiduo. It was awful! I stopped using it and continued with the pill and with the Aczone.  I started to break out again, and I&#039;m hoping that starting Finacea, it will keep me acne free again!"
"I got the implant a little over 2 years ago it does prevent pregnancy but I bleed twice a month I get dizzy nauseous headaches and now a rash on both my arms and my leg and have now discovered that the implant broke in my arm ..I wouldn&#039;t recommend it"
"I was on this pill for the past 5 years, and I really really liked it up until recently.  I barely ever get a period which is awesome, but i&#039;ve been noticing the past year or so that my headaches have become almost daily and it&#039;s shooting pains above my right eye, my hair has started shedding so bad it&#039;s really disgusting and my boobs always feel so sore, even from just wearing a bra. I think my body has changed and the pill does not work the same way anymore."
"I was so excited when my pain started to get better after slowly tapering up to 100mg nightly after trying countless medications that did not help. I have been on it for 5 months now...and have gained 30 lbs even while dieting...and the past couple weeks my pain had been coming back and I am lying restless in bed at night."
"I was given Zofran after having my gallbladder removed. The nausea wasn&#039;t from the procedure, but came on when I was finally able to eat and the broth soup was placed in front of me. For at least a month prior I&#039;d been getting nauseous just from seeing food no matter how hungry I was (and after fasting for surgery I was absolutely starving!) I was given Zofran in my IV and it did absolutely nothing. My surgeon then gave me a prescription for the pill form, but again, it did nothing to help my nausea."
"To me, this is a wonder drug!! I&#039;m serious! I&#039;m not saying that my chest pains with palpitations are completely gone because they&#039;re not. Yet, with Ranexa, I can deal with it. The first time I began taking it I walked about 3-4 blocks without stopping to catch my breath. At first it scared me thinking I did or was doing something wrong. But it was the Ranexa that made the difference!"
"I am 55 years old, blood pressure ran from about 150-180 (systolic). Lisinopril (20mg) got my blood pressure to about 120/80. No side effects noted. My liver profile is normal, but I have noted my TSH, and fT4 drift a little high then normal. Having taken up exercise, reduced salt intake, etc, my blood pressure will be about normal without the drug.
It seems as though my fT4 and TSH tend to elevate when on lisinopril. I have just noticed this over the past 2 months.
I am now keeping records of when I take the drug over a week then will do repeat thyroid function tests to see if there is a trend. "
"Buspar has changed my life! I absolutely love this medication. I suffer from phobias and health anxiety and this medication has worked wonders for me. As a nurse, I didn&#039;t want anything addictive and this was my miracle. I tried Ativan and it didn&#039;t even touch my anxiety. I have had no side effects with the Buspar and it has helped me to relax and feel like myself again! I highly recommend it!"
"I love this medicine. I used to get incredibly anxious at night - NOTHING could help me. My doctor prescribed this and the FIRST night I felt better. My mind was not cycling through &quot;scary&quot; thoughts that used to plague me. I was able to rationalize much easier. I&#039;m just so glad to finally have something that helps."
"I was scared to try birth control for the first time, especially after reading the horror stories here. But people only post things if something happens. For me, nothing has happened. The first day I had crazy mood swings, but maybe it was placebo effect.
I was scared that I would lose all my progress with depression, but actually nothing has happened. I&#039;m still the cheerful, calm person I was before starting it.
The rest of the week nothing happened. I even forgot I&#039;m taking BC at all. I guess I did break out a lot more and my skin&#039;s pretty raw, but I&#039;m only on it for Accutane so it&#039;ll be fun to see the chemicals duke it out."
"Took for two months and couldn&#039;t take it a day more. I did lose seven pounds in those two months but I don&#039;t know if it was from the medication or the vomiting I did every single day while on it. I didn&#039;t have much of an appetite which was a plus, again though I was sick every day. I couldn&#039;t even make it up to the full dose because it made me so ill. Vomiting, headaches, dry mouth, diarrhea, extreme mood swings, shakes, sleeplessness, and heart palpitations and pains. I stopped at two months which was a year ago today and I still am having long term heart problems from this stuff. That&#039;s under my doctors words not mine. I do need help with weighloss but have decided to eat better and exercise to my ability. No side effects from these!"
"I got Implanon in October 2011 and I felt the cons outweighed the pros. My symptoms included: Vaginal Bleeding (all the time), HAIR LOSS! As someone else mentioned my hair also broke off in the middle - my mother has also noticed it, depression/very emotional sometimes for no reason, anxiety, no sex-drive, slight acne, felt down in the dumps/sad, no motivation, fatigue, dermatitis of the skin on my hands.I was in a relationship that I am in no longer. The only good thing about the implant is it&#039;s very effective (no pregnancy). I got the Implanon taken out 2.5 months later recently in December 2011 (4 day ago). My dermatitis has gone away and hopefully I&#039;ll feel like myself again. Please those who want to try it be aware of these symptoms. I was 1 of the unlucky ones."
"I was honestly terrified when i read these reviews after being prescribed this after a root canal treatment. I was in a lot of pain during the procedure even though thoroughly frozen, dentist said she saw an infection and prescribed this in case. I was nervous buying it, and overly cautious taking them at the right time, with food, 2 glasses of water. I felt really tired and had a sore throat just after the first 6-8 dosages, and then the pain was gone (after months of it) and no other side effects, so i guess i&#039;ve hit my stride with it. I&#039;m halfway through now and am less stringent with eating each time, going well so far."
"Ambien does not do a thing for me. I started taking 10mg before bed and worked up to taking it 5 or 6 hours before bed without any change. I even tried taking 10mg in the afternoon and 10mg in the evening and still no help with sleep."
"I personally like this BC 
I tried the regular Junel 1/20 but because I&#039;m iron deficient my dr recommended this one. The only downside I would say is that it gives me cramps, nothing crazy. But I don&#039;t usually get cramps so this was a change for me but they are mild nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. My skin is clear, it&#039;s made me lose weight in general. My sex drive actually gotten better. My period is super light last about 3 days (: I&#039;ve been on this one for a month now with the regular junel 1/20 I was on it for 6 months and it was basically the same. I&#039;m happy"
"I started Loestrin over a year and a half ago, two months before my wedding, and it is a great pill. I did gain quite a bit of weight (but I attribute that to my love of fast food). Before going on this pill, I had absolutely horrible period cramps, terrible iron deficiency, and very excessive bleeding. I had few pimples. When I started the pill, my bleeding decreased a ton and I didn&#039;t feel lightheaded anymore, I have not had a single pimple since I started it, and cramps are nonexistent. I take the pill at the exact same time every night and have never forgotten. I&#039;m careful to use extra protection 48 hours after starting white pills and before brown pills. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. Only negative- did decrease sex drive a LOT."
"I was put on Implanon in September 2011 after delivering my second daughter in July 2011. I did not have a period for several months after getting it besides a few days of spotting here and there. Within one month of getting Implanon I started getting serious headaches, and in February I began passing out randomly, I had low blood pressure, low heart rate, and was diagnosed with pseudo tumor cerebri. I had to get a lumbar puncture to relieve the pressure. A few days later I had to get a blood patch, because I got a spinal headache.  I ended up needing a second lumbar puncture in aug 2012. In nov 2012 I was also diagnosed with pcos which caused acne, hair growth, painful periods, and infertility. I was told that implanon caused these."
"Took it for a urinary tract infection and immediately broke out in hives, fast heart rate and other unpleasant side effects.  Had to take Benadryl and then was prescribed something else that worked."
"I took Nardil for 21 years.  It worked better than anything else, until the dose was increased from 10 to 40 mg per day.  None of my physicians were able to diagnose the cause of the grotesque swelling of my legs.  A friend suggested it might be the Nardil; I quit taking it and proved her right.  Even in reduced doses, the swelling persisted.  I now take something else."
"This drug gave me focus and energy, however it made my anxiety go worse so I had to stop it. If you don&#039;t have problem with anxiety then this drug is definitively a must. It took around 30 days to take effect."
"I&#039;ve been Ortho Cyclen for a little over 2 months and I&#039;m already getting off of it. My husband and I are newlyweds, so I started taking the pill beforehand so that it would be effective by the time we were married. I was terribly nauseous for the first week or two. Like, unbelievably nauseous. I felt like I couldn&#039;t even stand up through some of it. Eventually, the nauseousness passed and if it did happen, it wasn&#039;t as horrible or frequent. I did notice immediate acne as well (I almost never break out and I had big cyst-ish looking acne on my chin, which was lame with my upcoming wedding).
I had NO weight gain, but I did lose my sex drive. When I say that, I mean I really didn&#039;t feel the same at all. (1/2)"
"I&#039;ve had chronic migraines for around 12 years. I take 5mg and it usually takes care of my headache. It makes my neck ache a little but the relief from the horrible symptoms of a migraine are well worth it. I&#039;ve tried other triptans but this one works best. The generic is very inexpensive."
"I have been taking this medication since 1989 without any major complications. I was suffering from major panic and anxiety and it pretty much went away. I highly recommend it to anyone who is suffering from anxiety or panic attacks. I woke up one day feeling like the earth was closing around me. No prior symptoms, just one day started having major anxiety attacks. All gone now."
"This causes crazy weight gain. I was 120 now 177 pounds... yup! Other than that it works I take 80mg before bed every night but the craving at night for food will get the best of you. It took not long to gain weight now it&#039;s taking forever to lose it. But I&#039;m still happy with this drug. Better then haldol and seroquel :)"
"I had my Mirena in for only a month- I seemed to be adjusting fine with normal spotting 3 weeks after, cramping only the first 42 hours it was in (until my next period came) BUT I happened to go to the eye Dr. Where they diagnosed me with early stages of papilledimia, or swelling of the optic nerves due to excess cerebral spinal fluid built up in my brain. I have been experiencing all of the symptoms of a large brain tumor, while slowing going blind for the last month. I now need to see a brain specialist to make sure I&#039;m not continuing to be effected even though I got the IUD removed- when caught early, the damage can be reversible. My Dr. Was not aware of this as a possible side effect."
"I feel like this is a miracle for me. I can&#039;t believe how well I&#039;m functioning since having stopped daily heroin use. I started with my first dose of Zubsolv about 5 hours after my final use of heroin. I was feeling at least 3 of my usual withdrawal symptoms before I took the first dose. I was amazed by my 3rd day that I felt like I did prior to starting heroin. I felt great!"
"Taking medication for tooth infection after root canal went wrong. This is my seventh course of antibiotics in a bout three months. Not good! The others were plain old Amoxicillin which hasn&#039;t helped at all............
This appears to be helping but with just two tablets left I still have swelling in my gums just below the sinus area. The good news is I have had no side effects apart from diarrhoea and stomach ache on the first day but I think this was due to my taking a load of probiotics which can be hard on the stomach at the start. Halved probiotics to two three times a day and now fine
I am sure the tooth will erupt again in a few days though."
"I got the Mirena two months ago. It hurt a little when the doctor put it in, and I cramped for about a day afterwards. I had no discomfort after that until I got my period a month later. My period was 2 1/2 weeks long (which has never happened in my life) with weird discharge and a lot of cramping. The main issue I&#039;ve had with the Mirena is a lot of cramping and brown slimy discharge. I&#039;m hoping it gets better, my Doc says to give it some time."
"I have been on Beyaz for several years (3+). When I first started using the pill, I experienced frequent nausea for almost a year. I gradually switched time of dosage to the evening upon recommendation from my obgyn. The nauesa did clear up. I virtually have no acne. Within the first few years, I did have lighter periods 
(3-5 day bleeding with minimal cramping). However, in my fourth year of being on this pill, I have been getting my period for only a day. Most times I skip a period entirely. This is due to the thin uterine lining. I did however, develop severe mood swings and panic attacks, which I suffer from daily. I also have had some hair thinning and some weight gain. Loss of libido at first, but it did return after the 1st year."
"The respiclick simply does not work.  I have used it repeatedly when my asthma has flared up and never experienced ANY relief.  Not even sure anything comes out after the click even.  I have been relying on my maintenance DULERA inhaler for rescue situations.  Annoyed and will be talking to my doctor tomorrow about an alternative.   Garbage product."
"I guess I am a statistic, but my paragard fell out after only 3 months. I have never had children before. I&#039;m really sad that the only birth control that I was willing to try failed, and failed so early on. Thankfully my husband saw a piece of string come out and asked me what that could be. That&#039;s when I realized 1/4 of the copper IUD was already out. My recovery after the insertion was not too bad, although I did have heavy bleeding for a month. I would advise skinner women with a more petite frame to be careful when going on this birth control. Don&#039;t put your hopes in it like I did."
"I&#039;ve been taking metropolol for alomst 2 years to control heart PVC&#039;s (premature ventricular contractions) and it&#039;s worked great! I take 25mg 3 times a day. Many people have PVC&#039;s but I used to feel mine and they would scare me, like a sudden gush of blood through my heart or an extra thump. I&#039;ve had no side effects with this medicine except that the afternoon pill can make me sleepy. But since I&#039;m at work, I usually drink 1 diet coke, or 1 cup of coffee in the afternoon to offset it. Otherwise I only drink decaffeinated beverages the other parts of the day. Just that one boost of caffeine in the afternoon will offset the sleepiness of the metoprolol. I&#039;m a 46 year old female that smokes."
"I was diagnosed with PCOS at the age of 14 and I&#039;m now 23. I&#039;ve been on and off different forms of BC. Tri-Sprintec is the ONLY form of BC that has helped me. My periods are regulated, I have no acne, no unwanted facial hair, and it hasn&#039;t made me gain any kind of weight. The only negative affect I&#039;ve experienced with Tri-Sprintec is an occasional headache. Other than that, it works great!"
"I have been suffering with cold sores my whole life nothing I tried everything worked like this. I was very skeptical about purchasing it because it is expensive for the little tubes. I am so glad I did if you put it on as soon as you notice or feel oneven coming it will stop it from growing any bigger or make it disappear completely!! "
"Tastes absolutely disgusting. I did not read reviews prior to taking this product. Dreading taking the 2nd dose tomorrow. I experienced nausea, abdominal cramping, and headache with the use of this product. I noticed in the comments some people added other flavor liquids to this product but the instructions specifically state not to do so. I&#039;ve had other colonoscopies performed in the past using various different  prep methods. This by far is the worst. My doctor convinced me to take suprep as opposed to the Crystal light and miralax method. Come to find out with my insurance the suprep would have costs $70! I called my Dr&#039;s office to let them know I couldn&#039;t afford the out of pocket expense and they gave me the product for free as a sample."
"I&#039;m 18, and this is my first YI as most women call it. I did research on what to use to get rid of the infection. I found Monistat 7. I read the comments, and was scared, I didn&#039;t want to be in such pain that I&#039;d cry myself to sleep. But I wanted the infection gone. I got it, looking at the upside that the burning would only last 15-20 min. I took ibuprofen, put on anti-itch cream to prevent extreme itching, and put the Monistat in I then put an ice pack over my area, to lower the heat, and prevent the yeast from getting stronger. Knowing that yeast feeds off of heat. 3 minutes into laying down, a heat came, then a slight burning. The itching sucks but I&#039;m prepared to take on the next 6 days! I would definitely suggest Monistat 7 for a YI!"
"I was experiencing frequent urination, especially at night.  During the night, I would be up every hour to hour and a half to urinate and flow was weak.  I also had to urinate frequently during the day, although not as bad as at night.  I was also experiencing increasing urgency, when I had to go, I had to go!
            My MD recommended Cialis 5mg daily to treat my BPH.  I began to notice results in approximately two weeks.  Now, I am up once or twice a night and my erections feel like they did when I was in my twenties!  (in my sixties now).  Only side effects have been flushing of my face and neck, not severe and only lasts a short time and my eyes are bloodshot sometimes.   Again, not severe.  
          Very happy with the results!"
"I used Accutane when I was 12. It worked perfectly. It worth every penny even considering the price is kind of high. I&#039;m now 30 and I have to do it again.... yeah, acne can be a real pain in the butt but in a couple of months, it will be over."
"Bystolic did not help lower my blood pressure as my other blood pressure medicine just recently had to be doubled. I have taken the medicine for 10 months and at my last doctor&#039;s appointment I realized I have gained 22 pounds in the last 10 months without any changes to diet or activity level. Also I have felt disconnected from my life and have had absolutely no sex drive.  This medicine is not for me. I paid $50 a month for a drug that caused me to gain 22 pounds that I now have to lose."
"At 27, I have suffered from manic depression for over 10 years now and always thought I could manage the depression naturally. Was given Pristiq last week after seeing my family doctor in tears over feeling resentful towards my partner since the birth of our daughter and also stressed and unable to cope. After a bit of convincing from my Dr, I decided that my family staying together was too important not to try it and I have to say WOW! I feel like a new person and wonder with horror just how long I could have gone on talking myself out of what in the end has completely changed my life for the better! I adore my life suddenly, have no feelings of anxiety or fear or resentfulness. Hope it lasts."
"Truly life changing for those with narcolepsy/cataplexy."
"Suprep is the way to go. I had horrible anxiety about doing another prep after a bad experience with another product years ago. I almost cancelled my appt and even called my doctor for other prep options. I warned them that if I was unable to drink this they would not see me in the morning because I wasn&#039;t going to force myself to drink something that will make me sick. I have to say this was so easy I had no gagging while drinking it and no nausea either. I had none of the horrible side effects other people had experienced. Does it taste great? No it doesn&#039;t but very tolerable and the lemon trick worked like a champ. It does taste like cherry cough syrup but very easy to swallow. I would use this product again."
"I was having trouble conceiving so, I had tests done, DNC (just to clean the inside and make sure it was OK), got put on a fertility pills but they made me gain weight. I started adipex July 18th weight was 305 pounds. I&#039;m always thirsty with dry mouth, quit drinking everything except water and coffee, only eating low carb foods, and when I get hungry I only eat little portions and I get full faster. I do not have a job and don&#039;t exercise everyday but I&#039;m constantly doing something or going somewhere and the meds have really helped in my weight loss, self confidence, and changed my life style. As if August 17th I am down to 289 pounds, I have lost 16 lbs in 1 month. Currently on month 2 will post as weight loss continues."
"This is very effective, safe and well tolerated medicine. Preferred in Metabolic syndrome."
"I was taking this pill constantly to stop my periods because I have endometriosis, it did the job, but I did notice I gained quite a bit of weight from it.  When I stopped taking it, I noticed a month later that I had actually lost weight.  Other than that not really any side effects."
"Two years ago I returned to the UK after living in Spain for 11 years, I lost 5 retail business a 6 bedroom villa and a 21 year marriage all in 8 months. Returned to the UK homeless and penniless. Since returning I have had no will to try again and fell into a downward spiral of depression where I really didn&#039;t care whether I lived or died. Tried every drug you could name, nothing worked to make me feel any better. Mirtazapine has totally transformed my life, I am now back in the gym feeling confident again and wanting to kick life back in the arse. At 57 I have never felt better, I keep fit, liquidise fresh fruit and veg and take, Turmeric, Green Tea and Pomegranate concentrate. The whole combo works great for me."
"Works well for my nerve pain."
"My teen daughter had the flu &amp; was throwing up to the point of the dr possibly sending her to the ER for an iV even a sip of wAter caused her to vomit immediately.  They decided to try this drug first...it is a miracle!!!!  she was up walking around within 2 hrs &amp; did not vomit again.   She was even able to show her horses at the fair the next day tho drinking strictly pedialyte, Gatorade G2 &amp; Powerade zero for electrolytes (we had to start liquids by waiting 1 Hr after she vomited, then 5-10 ml every 5-10 minutes... Added this as I feel it may be helpful to others).  I am going to ask my Dr for a prescription for the future, I wish I knew about this a long time ago!  I filled the prescription at Sam&#039;s club 5 pills about $4 &amp; worth it"
"I have been taking Geodon since it came out. It has been a godsend for me. My mood had been stable for a long time. My last hospitalization was 2002. My results have been fantastic."
"So far I have had the paragard for about 4 months and I can&#039;t complain. It&#039;s good for 10 years and after recently giving birth to my second child I love the long term option. It&#039;s been effective so far. But there are some down sides, heavy bleeding definitely is a factor is deciding if you want it. When I say heavy I mean changing a tampon almost 6-8 times a day. But in my opinion it&#039;s worth it. Also the cramps are not great. They feel like mild contractions, again to me it&#039;s worth not getting pregnant again. Insertion was not bad compared to the reviews that I read before getting it. I believe having kids factors into the amount of pain there is. Basically it was a minor pinch and that was it! That day I forgot I had even got it."
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for about two years now. The first year I had it it was perfect. It was like it wasn&#039;t even there. I didn&#039;t have periods for a year, I lost access weight, my metabolism sped up, and I had more energy than normal. Then, the December of that year I took an antibiotic for either a sinus infection or strep (I forget which one) and immediately things went downhill. A got a cyst in my ovaries and this was extremely painful. Then I had crazy nonstop painful periods that would go on for months. My obgyn prescribed me with estrogen and that didn&#039;t help. I now have gained about twenty pounds and I have cellulite everywhere. I think I&#039;ll be getting it out and going solo for awhile to resuscitate my hormones."
"Starting taking for cough and chest congestion, day 1 real good, some stomach cramps could NOT sleep...day 2 some stomach cramps could NOT sleep, day 3 stomach cramps AGAIN COULD NOT SLEEP, glad i got a doctors note for work cause its 3 days and NO sleep...good for the cough but so bad for the restlessness and constant vigor !!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"I just started I&#039;m on day two and I know I&#039;m just starting but the previous comments about urinating all day is absolutely right I just started yesterday and I have to go all the time and I&#039;m very thirsty afterwards I just pray I can lose 20 pounds by December I will keep you all posted I take a one week injection also good luck to you all"
"I have been on Nuva Ring for over 4 years and it was the best decision I ever made after being on the pill for a few years.  It works fantastic and even if it slips out during sex, you can have it out for up to three hours and still be protected.  I never got pregnant using this method and have been having unprotected sex with my boyfriend the entire time I&#039;ve been on it.  I had no negative side effects and my periods definitely lightened. There are so many mixed reviews that I wanted to say how wonderful this method was for me but reviews can&#039;t tell you anything about how your body will react to hormones.  All you need to do is try it for yourself and if it doesn&#039;t work, try something else."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon for a month now and I absolutely hate it I have had terrible abdominal pain long periods bad cramping, extreme mood swings and it hurt like hell the day after I got it. I don&#039;t recommend."
"Only drug that will bring down my blood pressure.  I am on additional medication &amp; none work as well as this one.  Have tried the similar drugs &amp; had many side effects and would have to switch back each time."
"I&#039;ve had eczema my whole life but the past 2 years have been the worst and I&#039;m 30.  It&#039;s been life changing and so debilitating.  My dermatologist said I was the worst case she&#039;s ever seen after 20 years in dermatology.  I mean everywhere, tried to everything, scratching constantly, all night, in meetings, after the shower, I&#039;ve lost sleep, cried a lot, been miserable.  I&#039;ve been on Dupixent for two weeks and my skin has never felt so smooth!!  Cleared up about 85% of my rashes after about 4 days after my first dose.  When I sweat no itch which is so rare.  I don&#039;t wake up to dry flaky skin everywhere.  I&#039;m so happy and amazed, I hope it keeps workin like this because my quality of life is gonna be so much better.  God this stuff is great!!"
"I am a dancer and for the past 5 years I have struggled with anorexia and bulimia.  I began noticing signs of depression as early as 13.  I felt hopeless, unloved, unworthy and extremely alone.  After 5 years I decided that I needed to change. In the spring I got a bi-weekly therapist and saw a physician and got a prescription for Wellbutrin. Within two weeks the therapist herself determined that I would be fine and no longer needed therapy. I have not had one bulimic episode since.  I went from leading a reclusive, regimented life to a fun-filled, exciting one.  I made many new friends and went from feeling so low that no one could possibly love me to finding the love of my life. Get help; this medicine changed my life!"
"Lexapro quickly lifted me out of depression and kept me that way. I was really impressed at how un-depressed I felt, and with no apparent side effects. As advertised, it worked fabulously as an antidepressent. It lifted me out of the darkness and into the, well, the GRAY. Don&#039;t get me wrong--it was great to be out of depression--just not at the expense of the glint in my eyes. My psychiatrist asked me about my relationships, and it hit me that I didn&#039;t really have any. I couldn&#039;t remember the last time I felt aroused, let alone had an orgasm. He cut my dose in half, but it didn&#039;t help. Depression decended rapidly, so he put me back on Prozac. It will work well for awhile, but for now I am back to life, love, and some mighty fine sex."
"It took awhile to go to sleep on 10 mg so I took an additional 10. Up to 20 mg is allowed. I slept great. My sleep was deep and when I had to go to bathroom twice, I wqs able to fall right back. Slept late in am. Will keep trying 10 but will take an hour before bed tonight. Has great potential for all us insomniacs."
"The side affects from this drug are AWFUL. It makes me feel sick to my stomach, I have constant headaches, a loss of appetite, a metallic taste in my mouth (the medicine itself tastes disgusting and is chalky), makes my pee very dark almost a brown color, and makes me feel very weak and weird. However, despite all of the harsh side affects, this drug does work. This is my 3rd time getting BV and each time this drug has made it go away after 3-4 days. This drug sucks, but I rather deal with the side affects than a smelly/icky vagina."
"Personally, I do not think paragard is the right form of contraception for me! I had the IUD placed on August 8th and literally bled NON STOP  until September 7th. And then I started my period AGAIN on September 25th, and the bleeding is even worse this time. I&#039;ve been wearing the largest size tampons you can buy, and still have to change them EVERY HOUR or else I leak through. I&#039;ve been wearing a pad every night with the ultra size tampons and still have to get up and change both once during the night! The cramps are horrendous and my sex drive is nearly non existent... I&#039;ve been feeling extremely weak, light headed and very fatigued! Will be having my IUD removed asap."
"I&#039;m a 22 year old female who was diagnosed with ADHD Inattentive subtype following my freshman yr of college. 
I&#039;ve been taking Vyvanse for 3 yrs now (initially 30 mg, now 50 mg) and finally feel like I&#039;m living up to my potential. For the first time ever, I am able to stay organized, complete tasks and actually show up on time! 
My only complaints are lack of appetite throughout day (ravenous at night) and the desire for a cigarette for the first 2 hrs after it &quot;kicks in&quot; (never crave one when I&#039;m not taking Vyvanse). 

"
"I switched to portia after being on levora (I had no side effects with it) for three years. My first period was extremely heavy but no cramps. I&#039;m on my second period and I feel like I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds from bloating. I look like I&#039;m 3 months pregnant. I&#039;ve been very irritable and had cramps and headaches during these few days.  I hate this birth control.  It&#039;s effective but its not worth  severe, uncomfortable bloating and weight gain."
"I have been struggling with pain killers for the last ten years (15-20 Lortab 10&#039;s/10 SOMAS per day), then after many attempts to stop, 7 Rehabs. I read about the Suboxone program on the internet. I found a clinic in my area that offered Suboxone and decided to try it. 
 I started the program taking 2/8mg pills per day, and it is an absolute MIRACLE. I won&#039;t lie to you, the mental cravings are still with me, but with time they have gotten a lot better (and a support group will definitely help with that part, and changing the people you hang out, if that is a problem will be a major plus). PLEASE BELIEVE ME, YOU CAN GET YOUR LIFE BACK. It it is not easy, but with will power, you can do this. STICK WITH IT WORKS."
"My mother died from lung cancer. Her last hope of this medication. Within a couple months she was gone"
"Had severe headache for 2 days.  Went to GP and was diagnosed with tension migraine. Given Toradol injection and within 30-40 min headache pain subsided. No side effects."
"I recently just started using this product because my face was really breaking out with large pimples and I can tell you all from life experience that it works!!! My face has already cleared up after a week and eventhough my face is peeling bad, I still rate the product almost a 10."
"34 male, athletic in great shape. Have dealt with minor to serious erectile dysfunction for a few years now.  Doc says my testosterone is excellent for my age and thinks the erectile dysfunction is mostly psychological.  Anyways, he gave me 10 x 20mg samples to try out. And boy am I glad he did.  What a night! Never in my life even in my teens have I had so much fun in the bedroom! Took 1 x 20mg pill after a hot shower and a couple beers. Straight to couch to &quot;watch a movie&quot;. "
"I&#039;ve had restless leg for years now. I started getting it when I was 18 now I&#039;m 40. I tried everything, the 30/500 Co-codomol did work. I did not want to take them long term, my doctor put me on pramipexole  and they work great for me."
"Cracked dry and itchy skin on my hands is much better after three weeks of use.  I no longer fear getting my hands wet which used to cause a flare up of eczema especially on my knuckles. This is the best results I have had from any treatment in years.  The only problem I did have was after putting it on my face after shaving (as directed by my doctor) vapors from the cream irritated my eyes."
"I began Orth Tri-Cyclen at 18.  The first two or three months I was extremely emotional and would spontaneously sob for no reason on the Saturdays prior to getting my period.  After a few months, I adjusted and had a good experience with this pill.  My periods were generally 5-6 days long.  I&#039;ve since began Alesse/Aviane for insurance reasons. I&#039;ve experienced some hair thinning, which may or may not be caused by the pill.  My periods are light and last 3-4 days.  But I am considering switching back to Ortho to see if this helps with my hair."
"Trazadone seems to be a good drug for Insommnia and depression..however I am now on 50mgs alternate nights as I have put on a stone with it . I had being on Mitrazepam 7.5mgs prior with 2 stone weight gain..Weight is now almost more depressing than how I was prior"
"I am on my second month of that Saxenda and the biggest thing I noticed is the lack of hunger.  I take my injection around 2:00pm which is the time of my daily energy slump.  I have lost 12 lbs so far, it is the easiest weight loss tool ever.  It is expensive if you don&#039;t have insurance."
"WARNING!!!  It works great but it DOES make you gain a lot of weight!!!
I have absolutely loved this drug until a few minutes ago when I started searching for the cause of my rapid weight gain.  I never once considered Viibryd because I was told it had no effect.  Today I did a search on Bing and that search has now changed my life."
"I have been using Nuvigil for one week now.  It was working great in the beginning but after around the third day I got extremely tired around 12pm and all I wanted to do was take a nap.  I continue to take it thinking that this will change.  I only take 150mg, maybe I should ask the doctor to up the dose."
"it made the pain go away but i then had to deal with the side effects that either came with the headache or from the meds but at least the pain was gone"
"It has an opiod effect.  I forget words I&#039;ve know all my life.
I am more fatigued.  My doctor prescribed it for me &quot;because&quot;.
I haven&#039;t noticed any effect.  Coming off the drug, my foot and upper leg get shaky.  It is also a very expensive drug."
"I have been using Elidel for about two and a half years. I use it on my face because apparently it does not thin out the skin the way steroid ointments do. Elidel works great on my eyelids as long as I apply it twice a day. It works fairly well on my cheeks and forehead. I have not experienced any side effects while using Elidel."
"I have had pain for 10 years. Since taking Cymbalta I feel I have my life back. It&#039;s taken about 3 weeks for it to work, but its just getting better and better. Awesome medicine. "
"I got my first injection almost 4 weeks ago and am amazed! I&#039;ve suffered since I was 29 and am now 41. I&#039;ve tried every topical cream/ointment that&#039;s out there. Cortisone injections in my hands and feet that thinned my skin out so bad you can see all my veins - even spent almost $10,000 on an in home phototherapy bed with only sporadic relief. I live at the beach during the summer with my kids and this summer I had to wear a dress to my ankles to save embarrassment.
After only 4 weeks, my feet are 100% clear except for some redness and my legs are clear with the exception of light pink spots where all of my lesions were. No side effects at all so far. I&#039;ve never been so happy :)"
"My husband is now taking this. The first week was not so bad, he even mentioned he felt somewhat better.  This is week 2, 20&#039;s.  And he still complains of his symptoms, he is extremely moody and sleeps ALL OF THE TIME!!!  And he still has more increases to do in the packet.  Can&#039;t wait for that. I want my husband back.  Needless to say I  do not recommend this drug."
"Hey Everybody,
Im a hard gainer - i have always struggled putting on weight and even struggled to ever feel hungry. Ive been taking Periactin for 6 weeks now and i can happily say for the first time in my life ive put on weight! I&#039;ve put on exactly 6kgs; so it appears i gain about a kg a week which im completely excited about - doesn&#039;t sound a lot to most people but any hard gainers out there will know what im talking about :) Give it a go - its worth it :)"
"For eight years now, I&#039;ve been on 4-aminopyridine ER, the chemical name for dalfampridine, and am now on Ampyra.  I was able to obtain 4-AP from a compounding pharmacy by prescription.  I have been astounded by the change this chemical has made in me, and, through physical therapy and exercise, by what I have been able to gain because of it.  The primary improvement for me has been leg strength, but I&#039;ve also noticed some improvement in breathing, eyesight, balance and cognition, though I find no documentation to support my observations on these latter four.  When I go off of the drug, these improvements vanish until I start up again.  I&#039;ve gone from power chair to forearm crutches to hiking again!  Wow!!"
"The sucrlafate has helped so much thank you."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon for about 11 months. It&#039;ll be 1 year in January 2017. I didn&#039;t bleed the first month after insertion. Then I started bleeding. I thought it was my period except be bleeding never went away. I have been continuously bleeding for 10 months (light flow but still annoying). Sometimes I get a couple days of no bleeding and then the bleeding continues. 

A few months ago my NP did a test to see if I was anemic because of the bleeding and I wasn&#039;t. If you are bleeding a lot, I suggest you see your doctor for anemia check. 

Honestly, I wish I had gotten the Paragard (copper IUD) but at the same time IUDs scare because I haven&#039;t had kids yet. I&#039;m trying to wait as long as possible to see if the bleeding will regulate."
"I&#039;ve had ever-worsening migraines since I was in my 40&#039;s (I&#039;m now 73).  When they started, all that was available were drugs like Fiorinal and other mind-scrambling drugs.  Finally, the triptans came along and saved my life.  I started with Imitrex and tried the various other triptans, but Maxalt was the most effective.  I would like to share one important observation: When I first started taking triptans, I had very few side effects, and was able to function at a high-level job, run home with kids, etc.  HOWEVER, as I got older, I realized that side-effects emerged which have only gotten stronger over time. e.g. fogginess, sleepiness, nausea, etc. -- so be aware that side-effects can increase with age. Still, Maxalt is a life-saver."
"I have take tamoxifen for 6 months now, few side effects but bearable on this, very happy with them."
"Prepping for a colonoisipy tomorrow morning. First batch down. Actually taste like Murphys Oil Soap. Been an hour and fifteen minutes so far... Haven&#039;t been to the loo as of yet. Okay wait a minute... Better go now. Yea the river is flowing. No cramps though. This stuff is no joke. I hope this isn&#039;t too graphic. I just hope that the colonoisipy is as easy."
"When my doctor first put me on this I didn&#039;t like it. My sugars went up, but since I have been on it for awhile now, my a1c numbers have come down and my sugars numbers in the morning have also come down. Here lately they have been around 145 and in the afternoon they are around 106. I am impressed with toujeo so far."
"Took 500 mgs once a day for a severe sinus infection. By day 3 my nasal passages opened up, sinus pressure and pain eased up. On day 5 I felt 90% better. Infection gone by day 8. Only side effect was I slept alot but that could be because I was sick."
"Hey OP sorry I didn&#039;t read through the thread so not sure if anyone mentioned this but I used to take regular metformin 500mg 2x per day but like you I would be on and off cause it literally made me so sick and tired. But recently my new doctor recommended metformin extended release. I swear it&#039;s been a life changer for me. I take 500 mg per day and I&#039;ve been losing weight and it doesn&#039;t make me feel sick at all! I&#039;ve also been taking biotin simultaneously which has increased my overall mood and energy, not to mention my hair and nails have been growing too!"
"My husband was taking this and was eating late at night, getting on the computer, and doing other things and having no memory of it the day after. He felt drugged when he took it. I don&#039;t recommend it to anyone."
"It has significantly approved my acne that I have been dealing with for over 10 years. I&#039;m 25 years old. I have only been on it 3 months."
"I used Humira after many other treatments didn&#039;t work.  Humira barely helped and after almost $1000 in Meds and Doc visits I quit everything.  "
"1 week After I delivered, I started to get cystic acne on my chin and jawline and cheek, nose, and even behind my ears. I know the cause...hormones of course! I tried so many prescription creams and over the counter acne cleans with no relief at all. Too depressing and embarrassing and I am not a big fan if foundation and facial cover ups. I was suggested Accutane but no, too many acute side effects. I tried minocycline 100 twice daily for 4 months. No side effects, got rid of all the acne and I had clear skin. The only thing I did not like is that such method of acne treatment took a long time (4 months is a long time for me) to work. Plus I was taking birth control so not really sure which helped me but the combo with the Epiduo cream at night helped!"
"I have had 8 Xolair injections for Chronic Urticaria Autoimmune and I am thrilled it took four shots to get me off prednisone and to be hive free. I one by one removed all the other medicines. I HIGHLY recommend Xolair."
"This was the very first pill I was prescribed and stayed on it for 3 years. I decided to try something new and switched to a different pill. Needless to say I&#039;m switching back. When on Microgestin Fe 1/20 I experienced relatively no side effects besides a few pounds of weight gain and my breasts grew about 2-3 cup sizes. My skin was perfect and no nausea, depression, or painful periods. The pill was very effective in preventing pregnancy didn&#039;t have 1 scare in the 3 years I was using it. When I first started the pill probably around month 6 I did experience a decreased sex drive but it returned within about a month or two. Overall, I would highly recommend this pill!"
"I &#039;ve taken paxil in the early 90s .After a bad relationship and drinking lots. It has helped with social anxiety to a point.  But I have gone through crying periods that didn&#039;t seem right. It&#039;s soon to be Jan 1 2016 and I have noticed these electric shocks if I miss a day or 2.  And also my memory has gone to crap as well . Is this drug habit forming Yes I&#039;m a recovering cocaine addict and free base addict.  I got off that but this plays with your brain worse ! We should be compensated for the use as guinea pigs and the torture we face to get off this medicine it does work but too much is unknown. "
"I&#039;ve been experimenting with different brands of birth control for 15 years. I took every pill under the sun, including the shot but always suffered terrible side effects from nausea and vomiting, to crazy mood swings, depression, anxiety and weight gain. Yaz is the ONLY pill I&#039;ve been able to tolerate. I have very minimal side effects (some breast tenderness, occasional spotting). My skin looks great, I have more energy, I haven&#039;t gained a single pound, my periods are light, I still have a sex drive, and my emotions are not all over the place. I get that everyone is different and what works for some may be a nightmare for others, but if you&#039;ve not been able to tolerate any other brands I&#039;d give Yaz a try."
"I&#039;ve just started this, I&#039;ve taken 2 doses and I know it&#039;s supposed to take a couple of weeks to start to work, but I can already feel a difference."
"This medicine makes me feel weak and I have a slight chest tightness after taking 4 tablets over a 2 day period. Every 12 hours I will report to doctor and not take this ever again although it was 75% effective. Chest tightness is listed under severe reactions."
"I am almost on my second pack and I have had 3 periods in the time I have been taking this. I&#039;m constantly nauseated and feel the need to throw up &amp;  have painful cramps the first day of each period."
"I got the Nexplanon inserted on February 17th and I&#039;m totally happy with it so far. No spotting, I&#039;ve had one period that only lasted about 9 days, and a little bit of joint pain. I have a small scar at the insertion site and I bruised really badly for about two weeks. I was really worried it would kill my libido, as was my experience with the pill, but it didn&#039;t affect it at all, in fact I feel so much more free now I enjoy sex a lot more. I would definitely recommend the Nexplanon!"
"My eleven-year-old son was prescribed adapelene cream 0.1% by his dermatologist a couple of months ago.  She said that it might turn his skin red and burn so maybe use it every other night.

The few blackheads and bumps that he had then, he still has now.  No initial breakout, just the redness with absolutely ZERO improvement nor worsening.

Why can&#039;t there be a medication that actually works BEFORE he gets a face full of zits and acne scars on his poor little ELEVEN-year-old person.

Frustrating."
"Extreme side effects include: persistent headaches, severe bloating, weak all over, muscle aches, lower back pain and excessive sleeping during the day."
"Most of my life I have struggled with severe panic attacks, general anxiety, PTSD &amp; moderate depression. Been on meds twice before until I felt better &amp; then I would stop taking them. This last time it had been close to a year that I had been suffering again before I decided to reluctantly go back on meds. I tried Celexa again- it worked kinda okay in the past but this time it made no improvement for me. Saw the doc who switched me to Prozac- all I can say is WOW! Best yet- I feel like my old, happy self after only 1 month! 10mg the first week, 15 the second and 20mg the last two. Give it time to work &amp; be patient- it might make you feel a bit off &amp; not better at first, but it is a miracle drug. These bad feelings will pass hang in there!"
"I take 40 mg every evening/ supper time. I&#039;ve been on it for a while- year? maybe? It&#039;s the best thing so far, though not perfect. Have shed some excess weight = good.
Still have inadequate libido = bad.
Still have some unpleasant thoughts = bad.

It&#039;s better than:
Risperdal, which was more of a sedative.
Geodon- I didn&#039;t like the powdered capsule format. Depakote.   

I feel more &quot;normal&quot; and healthy taking Latuda, and have stayed out of the hospital for over a decade.
Although, I have more friends, contacts, community involvement, significant other/partner, part time job, Laughter yoga, hobbies."
"This drug helped me recover from my subachroind anuerysm. It is a miracle drug. No other on the market does this. I was informed that they are no longer making this drug. I am worried in less than a month I can&#039;t get this drug. The generic doesn&#039;t have the same effect that Nimotop does and I want to know what to do."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for over a year, and I have had a really positive experience. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant, I don&#039;t have periods, and I haven&#039;t noticed any other adverse side effects. After the injection, I did have bruising around the area on my arm for a few weeks. Besides that, I would definitely recommend considering getting Nexplanon."
"I have been on this pill for six months now. While obviously the general intent of the pill has been great, sex with the boyfriend and no pregnancy scares, otherwise I am not a fan of this pill. Every month since beginning, I have had two periods a month. Also, I am twenty four and had finally gotten out of the bad acne scene of my life, and this pill has brought it back. I have gained weight, but I know that is due to the fact that my boyfriend is deployed and I have found comfort in donuts. I am depressed, but again, I don&#039;t know if that&#039;s the pill, or the boyfriend gone issue."
"I had the Implanon inserted early March of 2010. My son was six weeks old. My arm was only sore for two days and I have no scar now.  I had one period ten days after insertion and no longer have any periods.  I am breastfeeding so I am not sure if my period will come back when I stop.  I love this form of birth control. I would recommend it to people looking for something simple. I know I always forgot the pill and now I don&#039;t have to worry about it. I love this so much."
"I am an 18 year old female, 5&#039;4&quot;, 118 lbs, currently on 40 mg of Lexapro and 80 mg of Vyvanse for anxiety and other issues. Mild nausea for the first couple days of treatment, fine after that. No other notable effects until going from 30 to 40, now noticed a somewhat decreased sex drive and some difficulty orgasming. Still deciding whether that&#039;s worth it.

Otherwise, Lexapro is decent. No fabulous turnaround for me, but definitely helping me get on with life :-)"
"This has been a miracle for me, and it was by accident I found out about it at all. I was getting urinary tract infections every other month for 4 years. Every time I would go to my doctor he would prescribe antibiotics and the UTI would go away for a month and then come back. No one, I even went to a specialist and no one could tell me what to do to prevent them. At one of my doctors visits my regular doctor was out and I saw his PA (physicians assistant) who did the same as my doctor, prescribe an antibiotic but he also told me to get acidophilus so I don&#039;t get a yeast infection from the antibiotic which happened every time I took the antibiotic. I started taking them and after 6 months I only got one UTI and none in 4 years."
"Getting nexplanon means getting stabbed in the arm. It hurts a bit but better than getting a metal spring stuck in your uterus I say. I have been period free since day 1. That&#039;s right, no period. I also have not gained any weight, and have had no issues with acne. The thing lasts three years. THREE YEARS! I am worry free, side effect free, and baby free. What more can you ask for?"
"My body was so racked with pain I could hardly move in the morning. Brushing my teeth and combing my hair were major and painful chores. After 4 days on prednisone I am almost pain free. I do experience side effects of insomnia and diarrhea but is worth it to be mobile again!"
"I had Implanon inserted in January 08. I get my half-period roughly every 9 weeks. Of course there&#039;s spotting. Half period is when you don&#039;t use a tampon, just a mini pad. I haven&#039;t used a tampon in at least 11 months. There&#039;s no need too."
"I found by accident that tramadol greatly diminishes my depression. If I knew I could take it daily without building a tolerance against it I would gladly take it for the rest of my life. As it is, I limit taking it to no more than once a week out of that fear. For just ONE DAY of my life without depression it is worth it."
"Considering going off of it.  Too many severe side effects such as painful hands and feet, tendinitis of wrists, weight gain."
"I have had chronic pain and tried many medicines including narcotics to help.  Celebrex has helped me so much.  I am able to do so many things that I couldn&#039;t before.  My doctor has me taking it with Tylenol w/Codeine #3 and Carisoprodol."
"I&#039;m taking this medicicattion because of an odd amount of weight gain relating to hypothyroidism and that in relation to my first and only pregnancy. 
Ive went from 135lbs to 169lbs in less than a year. I stressed this problem and was recommended Phentermine. 
I&#039;ve lost about 10lbs since taking it a month ago. I eat half of my portion sizes. I consume lighter, healthier foods. More energy. 
Downsides to this new medication though are bad dry mouth in the afternoon. My heart feels like its going to burst out of my chest depending on emotions. And sleeping! I&#039;m usually up till 12, 2, 3 o&#039;clock in the morning sometimes. Everyday I&#039;m awake inside but outside I don&#039;t look so good. 
Going to continue another two months and see what happens."
"I have been taking Bactrim for about a year and a half now. Prior to Bactrim I took everything else. I&#039;ve had acne since I was roughly 15 and am now 23. Everything I took either left me feeling crappy, or didn&#039;t work. In my experience taking Bactrim the first 2-3 months my face breaks out horribly. Then at some time in that period it just goes away. It is absolutely the best acne medication I&#039;ve ever taken! I have taken it twice."
"I have good and bad things to say about this birth control. I got on it at age 15 to help with my period symptoms. I have recently become sexually active and it has so far prevented pregnancy. I experience light period yet are still sometimes painful. The worst thing for me has to be my breast tenderness and my nausea when I take it in the morning. I have anxiety and depression problems and I&#039;m trying to figure out if it&#039;s because of the pill or not."
"Had scope on right knee 30 years ago. Meniscus tears in left knee and pains in right knee now. Cortisone for right knee did nothing so three shots of euflexxa with no pains followed. Surgery for left knee. After almost four months right knee has just stiffened without warning. Came to this site looking for answers."
"I was addicted to opiates for going on 7 years. I finally found out that taking methadone (supervised of course) helped me dramatically. I had no cravings for opiates any longer and I was still able to discontinue the methadone with the help of my counselor. And to this day I am opiate free thanks to the methadone and the support of my counselor. Methadone does work, but you have to give it at least 2 years.
"
"I went through an early menopause in my 49&#039;s and my gyn prescribed Angeliq. The only dose it came in then was .5/1. Now 10 years later I am going through menopause a 2nd time. Lucky me. My primary care tried me on multiple medications - none of which relieved my symptoms and all but 1 made me sick. Long start short I started taking the low dose version yesterday and I&#039;m hopeful. Think I feel better already, but that could be wishful thinking. I remember feeling like myself again after about a week. I took Angeliq for about 4 years with no side effects."
"had all 3 injections. A lot of pain after 1st one other 2 not to bad. I have had no improvement at all. I am extremely disappointed."
"I have been on Kariva for almost 3 years and I have never got any bad side effects. I originally went on birth control because I get really bad cramps before I get my period, during, and after. I&#039;ve tried so many birth controls and this one is definitely the best. Like someone else said, be careful at CVS because they will sometimes switch you to their preferred generic Viorele which is the worst one I have EVER been on. It gave me migraines every 3 days, it was so bad. I am a little mad because I got new insurance and I have to pay more for Kariva but it is worth it. It is definitely the best one out of this group!"
"This might be to much info but I&#039;m gunna share. 
I hate this thing. I&#039;m exhausted all the time, mood swings, and I&#039;m depressed. 
The bleeding is ridiculous. My doctor told me I might have spotting in between periods and this is a lot more than spotting. My period usually lasts five days and I had for about 10 and then stopped for a week and now I&#039;ve had it non stop for another 11. THIS SURE DOES PREVENT PREGNANCY... MOSTLY CAUSE I&#039;M NOT HAVING SEX! I don&#039;t feel comfortable having sex when I&#039;m bleeding heavily and my boyfriend doesn&#039;t do well with blood. He&#039;s very understanding but Its frustrating because I had high hopes for this to work and I&#039;m disappointed"
"I started taking Doxycyline this week, and already my skin seems to be getting better. I&#039;m 20, and recently developed bad acne on my back, as well as a mild case on my face. After five days, my skin is clearer. I haven&#039;t had any of the nausea people have mentioned, although I occasionally get cramps if I haven&#039;t eaten. I have noticed that I&#039;m getting sunburnt easier, but that&#039;s nothing a good dose of sunblock can&#039;t remedy."
"I was on Augmentin for 6 days with virtually no results.  I woke up on the 6th day with a severe headache and called the doctor for another prescription.  Probably the worst side effect though was severe upset stomach and constipation to the point where medicines for upset stomach and suppositories did not help."
"I had extreme anxiety at first time intercourse with a new partner.  Mainly happened with girls I liked the most.  Read Paxil delays ejaculation so I asked doctor and gave it a try.  20mgs per day.  It works a little too well.  Effects do wear off, so I just use it when needed."
"Bunavail is a great alternative to Suboxone films.  There is no 30 minute wait for it to dissolve, and one can carry on with normal activities while it is adhered to the cheek.  It also has far better bioavailability, so less of the medicine is wasted in the digestive tract.  Also, I&#039;ve had less headaches from Bunavail than Suboxone.  The only problem is getting them to properly adhere to your cheek.  Sometimes they roll up like a scroll, or wad up and turn into a ball of mush.  This wastes a film, and none of us have &quot;extra&quot; Bunavail to use if this should happen (as the manufacturer suggests)!  There are no instructions as to how long they should remain adhered, either.  I love Bunavail, but this issue is beyond frustrating!"
"I&#039;ve tried a lot of medication, nutritional products, &quot;self medication&quot;, etc... since I started having severe anxiety and depression around 1998.  I&#039;ve been taking Pristiq for about a year, and it is the first medication to successfully treat both my anxiety and depression.  Most treatments made one better, while the other got worse.  
The only real negative with the medicine is the short half-life. You&#039;ll definitely notice if you miss a dose.  Missing two is not a pleasant experience at all.  
Since being on the medication, I&#039;ve been much more productive at work, more social, more driven, more attentive to my son, and just more happy and at peace overall."
"I was given Propofol immediately before my colonoscopy. I thought it would just make me less aware but to my amazement it put me to sleep in less than 15 seconds. I woke up 45 minutes later in the recovery room and remember nothing about the procedure. I did not experience any dizziness or any unwanted things while waking up. This drug saved the day."
"I&#039;m a 34 year-old male, work out regularly &amp; was prescribed cyclobenzaprine for back pain related to a pulled muscle. Was used in conjunction with physical therapy and the drug helped me get sleep and function during the day by mitigating pain and spasms. Side effects: Severe constipation. Constipation persisted for over a week after I stopped taking the drug. Had to see a Doctor about it. I highly suggest taking laxatives while taking this medicine. Also made me very drowsy. Experienced dry mouth when taking at night before bed as well."
"after Beta Blockers failed to work, and made me gain 20 lbs in 90 days. Dr then tried Verapamil , While that did work better not 100%.  After a 6 months , Then became allergic to it. Rare side effect.  Then Dr put me  on Cartia XT, after a day or 2 , I felt alot better.  Cartia XT is really is controlling my PVCs from Left Vertical, 8 months going now and no side effects yet. Works better than Verapamil for me."
"I was rushed to the emergency room with a Kidney Infection and I was prescribed this to help treat the Urinary Tract Infection, the worst part was definitely the side effects, I&#039;ve had extreme nausea and bloating pains, they have been unbearable. I must say the medicine really works! After I finished my antibiotics it was completely gone - I was more than surprised, I still have some side effects now (I got off medicine two days ago) but they aren&#039;t as severe as before. If you&#039;re up for the task definitely take it because it works just some obstacles in the process"
"I started taking Tri-Sprintec because I developed horrible acne all over my face. Now, almost 2 years later, skin has improved dramatically. I don&#039;t get hormonal acne anymore around my mouth and on my chin.
However, I STILL get acne, much less, but I still constantly have at least a few on my face. And if I stop using my acne cream, I break out all over. So, birth control helps, but it isn&#039;t the cure for my acne.
But, the side effects are so horrible, that I&#039;ve decided to quit. The side effects I am POSITIVE are from Tri-sprintec (through a process of elimination) include constant postnasal drip (phlegm, clearing throat, stuffy nose, plugged and popping ears), really bad sore throat, nausea (even a year later), stomach aches, and dry throat"
"Chlorpheniramine right before bedtime does 2 great things for me:  (1) reduces allergic build up during sleep (if my hay fever is bad one day or my asthma increasing, often I think back and realize I forgot to take it the night before) and (2) helps me feel drowsy (a normally unwanted side effect that becomes an advantage at night).  I take the 12 mg extended release table and really suffer if I run out. GREAT!"
"I have fibromyalgia as well as muscle spasms related to lordosis and to an orthopedic problem, as well as dysmenorrhea.  Skelaxin is my rescue medicine. If I get a calf spasm in the bad leg that a hot pack and some stretching won&#039;t subdue, half a Skelaxin will do the trick, no sedation, just good work. I&#039;d give it a ten if it weren&#039;t so very expensive!

When I have the very bad cramping related to my menstrual period, 100 mg of tramadol and 400 mg of skelaxin will make me drowsy and unfocused, but it means that while I can still tell I&#039;m cramping, it&#039;s like someone shouting inside a house while you stand outside, and I can get on with things as needed."
"This pill literally made me miserable. Obviously everybody is different, but I felt absolutely awful the entire time I was taking it. Almost immediately after starting this pill, I began to have vicious headaches for days at a time. I also felt nauseous for a good portion of the day, and had no appetite. Maybe because of this, my energy basically disappeared, and all I wanted to do was sleep. I also started retaining a ton of water, which made me feel even more lethargic. I continued to bleed and have cramps throughout the entire pack, and I would frequently feel dizzy. On top of all of this, my mood was all over the place, and I started having anxiety that manifested as tightness in my chest and difficulty breathing."
"this stuff...... Is just...... NASTY! I started taking it at 5pm as instructed and I honestly could not do it! I had to pour crystal light in it and plug my nose and put ice in it and I still gagged! It is not good.... But I will say after one glass I was already in the bathroom. It works quickly."
"I have severe dry eye.  I was using punctal plugs and Restasis and getting about 75% relief.  My insurance quit paying for both and said they would pay for one or the other.  I have been suffering for over a year now with just punctal plugs until my eye doctor suggested Xiidra.  Believe it or not, the insurance authorized it (even though the cost is the same as Restasis...go figure).  I have been on it for about three weeks now and am getting pretty good relief.  The only thing I don&#039;t like is the bad taste I get in the back of my throat from it.  I keep hoping this will go away, but it hasn&#039;t yet.  I would say that it works better than Restasis and much faster, too!  I would recommend that anyone with dry eye give Xiidra a try."
"Needed help getting harder, longer lasting erections. First tried Cialis 10mg a month ago. Very satisfied and no side effects so. Easy use and find it effective even after 24-36 hours."
"A very mild sleep aid. This does not knock you out like Ambien will, but once asleep you stay asleep. I prefer this to Ambien CR, less side affects and less addictive. I did switch though because Lunesta just costs too much."
"For years I never had a regular period. Sometimes they would even be 6 months apart. With a busy lifestyle it is extremely hard to prepare for periods when it is unpredictable when they will be. With Yaz I have an idea of when I get them, usually exactly a month apart. It also helps my acne and I have not gained any weight. For anyone with irregular periods use this product it helps so much and you won&#039;t regret it."
"3 months ago I started experiencing numbness/tingling in my left leg, I ignored it. As time went on, the numbness took over the entire left side of my body with my head and neck full of pressure/tingling. My Gyno advised me to see a Neurologist and all the tests came back fine. I called the Gyno once again and when I got a different Doc on the phone, they advised me to get off of Tri-Sprintec, as that is one of the rare but dangerous side effects of this birth control, possibly leading to stroke. The next morning, I woke up with none of the sensation and I was shocked that it was gone so quickly. Don&#039;t wait as long as I did to tell someone. Get it taken care of as soon as possible."
"I started using Clindamycin at the end of April. It took 2 weeks for my acne to start clearing up and 4 weeks for my acne to stop all together. My doctor recommended that I continue to use Clindamycin for 8 weeks after my acne cleared. So I stopped using it this month (July).

Highly recommend this medication. Very gentle yet very effective."
"I had Liletta inserted at the end of June 2017. The procedure was quick and I felt only a mild discomfort.  I haven&#039;t had cramps but for the first 4 months I had continuous bleeding. It has finally subsided a bit but my periods are very irregular. I never know when it&#039;s going to start. After sex definitely triggers a flow...which makes me want to not even have sex. Also, the worst part is that I am always hungry. I have gained at least 10 pounds. Depression has become a concern as well. I really want to have this taken out but I don&#039;t know that any other birth control will fare any better as far as side effects."
"I also have been living with social anxiety for 7 years. After drinking alcohol to cover my anxiety and depression, my symptoms just got worse. I finally looked into lorazepam but I got a dose of 2 mg and it just knocked me out. Then I got Xanax 0.25mg and that made my face numb and I didn&#039;t like to smile, mainly my face felt weird and I was always to tired. Then finally I got 20mg Paxil and it helped right away. I felt like I could do and talk to anyone at anytime. Then I got used to it and jumped to the 30 mg which is doing alright. But the worst part of using this is constipation. I never had constipation before and it hurts so bad. I hope this helps."
"I&#039;ve been battling ptsd since a kid. I tried celexa for two months and it didn&#039;t do anything so I quit taking it, 6 years later I went to a different Dr who prescribed me Zoloft. Started with 50mg for two months and bumped up to 100mg. It does take a few to get use to but the side effects go away with a week or two. This drug it&#039;s not drowsy, and actually works. I&#039;m talking more, coming out of my shell. Laughing. Doing stuff again. All I can say give it a chance I say two months, off not working talk to Dr and try something else..I have tried something else...and this is working great so far. The heavy weight that held mange captive in my depression was lifted within the first two weeks. Two thumbs up so far. And affordable, I get generic"
"I&#039;ve been experimenting with this drug for over a year. I have pages of stuff to say but that is not what this is for.

I know that I won&#039;t be able to use this forever but I have no choice but to do what works for now. With a lifetime of struggle, this negative reinforcement is the only thing that has ever worked. 

I want to warn anyone that takes this medication. I have tried every combination of dose vs time laps and alcohol quantity, including smoking alcohol. That 2 week gap between your last dose and your first drink, do yourself a favor and stick to it. What happens if you don&#039;t is unpredictable. I have experienced nothing to severe reactions not even found on the net."
"I was on Keppra for a year and unfortunately I kept having  seizures. My doctor added Topamax to Keppra and it helped but I was still having seizures about every other week. I finally decided to go off Keppra and increase the Topamax dosage and I have been seizure free for over two months."
"Emotional mess...definite decrease in libido....not my favorite birth control. Great with acne...super duper hungry!"
"I switched from Nuva Ring which made my vaginal very dry, irritated non stop light bleeding. I also developed gross acne. 2 hours after I put this patch on I stopped bleeding. My acne is clearing up and my vaginal stays very very wet. I am noticing it&#039;s easier for me to cry and I&#039;m sleepy most days, but my sexual arousal has been spiked and hasn&#039;t dulled my ability to orgasm like my previous birth controls did. Overall I&#039;m happy. I&#039;m hoping the sky high estrogen content doesn&#039;t cause harm. I need the estrogen though."
"I&#039;ve been on Depakote for 2 weeks now. Not one single migraine. I was having them 2-3 times a week, and less severe tension headaches daily. I haven&#039;t even had the tension headaches twice now. I have not gained any weight as of yet either."
"If you don&#039;t want kids its great. Please do you research before you touch it. I know it may work well for some people, but all I will say is you were warned fair and square..!!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for 6 weeks now, almost 2 weeks of those at the maximum dose of 600mg per day. I&#039;ve been very up and down during that time. There was initial mild euphoria the first couple of days, then good days and bad after that. 

That said, after trying 3 SSRIs, 3 Tricyclics, plus trazodone and mirtazapine - pregabalin is probably the best drug to combat GAD that I have found so far."
"After all the years of other medications that either didn&#039;t work or I had a reaction to I was prescribed otelza. It was working.No more psoriatic arthritis pain. I didn&#039;t have any side effects and it also cleared up my psoriasis. Amazing. I did lose some weight but that was ok. Unfortunately my insurance company decided not to cover this drug and I couldn&#039;t afford it. After running out I had a bad relapse within a month. I got so sick from the relapse and  I ended up losing my job. My rheumatologist is fighting to get it back. It truly was the only medication that worked for me."
"Made me extremely agitated and nervous during the night, very disappointed and actually scared after taking it.  Very expensive as well."
"I don&#039;t know how anyone can tolerate this drug. It made my anxiety ten times worse, gave me bad thoughts, and made me feel like a zombie for 2 weeks. I think experiencing this medication and then getting off it helped my anxiety much more than the medicine itself did."
"I have acid reflux and I love food, sometimes or most of the time I eat too much of the wrong foods and pay for it. Phillips mom relieves the pressure and is a blessing when I&#039;m stuffed up and no bowel movement occurs so there&#039;s only discomfort. I also sleep so much better after going a cpl times, thank God for this magical medicine."
"I am up to three pills a day. Lost 8 pounds so far. The best part is since I don&#039;t have cravings, I was able to stop drinking pop and only drink water now. I can eat reasonable amounts of food without the compulsive need to eat more, more, more. Recommend!"
"I was only on the pack for one month and had to stop as soon as I started the second one. During the sugar pill week, I had severe migraines which is something I never get. Those continued and then nausea was added to it. I threw up the other day and it looked as if I didn&#039;t digest any of my food from that day. This is definitely just a personal experience, but I am also definitely going off this pill asap. I got my period for 6 days so I&#039;m definitely not pregnant. (Also took two pregnancy tests as an extra test) If you&#039;re looking for a pill, I would try a different brand."
"Hives. Saw weird things and paranoia."
"Say No To Depo!
Say No To Depo!
Say No To Depo!
Say No To Depo!
Worse experience of my life! been off for almost a yr and im still bleeding, body seems like it just want return back to normal. That stuff is poison!. I will never get back on Any birth control don&#039;t care what it is"
"I was on synthetic thyroid medicine and I was still miserable. I strongly recommend having your doctor switch you over to armour thyroid. It is amazing. I have energy, my hair isn&#039;t breaking off, I lose weight when I exercise. I absolutely love it."
"The label states 12 hour relief.  It worked great for the 1st 4 1/2 hrs. Now I can&#039;t take another dose for 12 hrs? Seriously? So what am I suppose to do? Over priced product that doesn&#039;t seem to work. Will not be buying this again."
"I don&#039;t know why everyone is taking their doses so late. My doctor said to take at 12 and 5. Last time I did this I was up all night and was not going to do that again. I took my first dose by using a straw and drank all at once then drank water immediately after wards.  It took effect 30 minutes later and was on toilet for 2 hours straight. I had my i-pad, phone, petroleum jelly so decided why try running to bathroom every few seconds. Took 2nd dose at 5 and everything was same as first one only this time I was a lot more raw. Did get the chills on the second dose for awhile. Its now 7:30 and hopefully things have slowed down and I can get a good nights rest and get this over at 7:45 tomorrow.  Craving a cheeseburger and fries."
"I was prescribed this medicine for stress and anxiety to take along with my clonazepam. Have been on Celexa for only two days now and am having bad sexual side effects (unable to orgasm). Will stop this medicine asap. "
"I had been on a couple of medicatios, the best of which for me was Copaxone.  In fact, I had relatively few symptoms and it wasn&#039;t really visible.  Then I started Gilenya because it was supposed to be so much better, and oral, to boot.  I have lost so much function in terms of walking and balance in the last two years.  I went back to Copaxone but am afraid that I will never regain what I lost"
"I have been using Cymbalta for two of years for neuropathic pain in my feet. It works very well most of the time at the 90mg dose I am taking daily. There are days when I have done some activity that aggravates my back and I have to take an extra 30 mg. This helps but I experience the hot flashes at the 120 dose. I do not have the night terrors but there are times when I have run out of the prescription and if I have not had it for a day I get very vivid dreams. They are not scary but if I wake up from one I&#039;m up until I settle my brain down. Erectile Dysfunction has been a problem and I address it with Cialis or Viagra which are expensive even with my coverage. Reducing the dose to 60mg the day before sex helps."
"I&#039;ve only had nexplanon for two weeks but I really wanted to leave a review on the tremendous weight loss I&#039;ve had. Since getting nexplanon two weeks ago, I&#039;ve already lost 15 lbs with no change in diet or exercise! This is absolutely amazing seeing as though I decided to change my birth control from depo due to the ridiculous 60lb weight gain I had in less than a year on that. I&#039;m ecstatic! Insertion was really quick and easy, the healing process wasn&#039;t too bad. It&#039;s been two weeks and I still have some bruising but other than that no soreness. First week was awful for my mood, however, but it passed. If anything sways my mind differently later down the road I&#039;ll leave another review but as of now.. I&#039;d recommend this to everyone."
"Works like magic when you need sleep or have anxiety 0.5 is all I need I get the best sleep with it. Seems like I can never fall asleep at night I go back and forth in my mind about taking it because I don&#039;t wanna get addicted . But I need sleep so I take it"
"I have used this medicine in cream form and have excellent  results."
"My 23 year old son was diagnosed with a portal vein thrombosis.  There was no reason, and after extensive testing still unable to determine why this happened to him.  He was placed on Xarelto, and 3 months later, the thrombosis has completely cleared.  He had very minimal side effects (some oral bleeding, fatigue, occasional headache) and I was thrilled he didn&#039;t have to deal with Coumadin.  He is anxious to be done with the medication, but overall it has been pretty easy to deal with."
"My first week on Chateal. Feel depressed and annoyed. Have numbness in legs, tightness in chest. I feel very bad"
"Epiduo is the best thing that&#039;s ever happened to my skin. I wasted so many years trying every product out there, and Epiduo really is the greatest. It has changed my life and made me so much more confident. PLEASE give this a try. It is a miracle in bottle."
"I read all the negative reviews out there before taking this medicine. Of course I was scared out my mind after reading some of the stories but I can tell you, you&#039;ll be fine. I&#039;ve had dry lips and skin but besides that, just a clear face so far. (3 months in)"
"I have not gotten pregnant while on Nexplanon, so that&#039;s good. That being said, I have an appointment with my GYN to see about getting it removed. Before I got the implant, my cycles were very regular (every 27-29 days,lasting about 4-5 days). They warned me when I got the implant my cycle may change or stop; what actually happened is I now run 35-50 days between cycles and they last for 7-12 days. I have also experienced significant weight gain and mood shifts. I suffer from depression, and I&#039;ve felt like I&#039;ve been having a mild episode almost the entire time I&#039;ve had the implant. Also, my face is breaking out like it did when I was in middle school. No thanks."
"This summer I&#039;ve broken out severely. I&#039;ve tried Proactiv, AcneFree, and Clean and clear Advantage. Proactiv didn&#039;t work at all and AcneFree was very harsh on my skin! Clean and Clear did help but not that much. I finally went to the doctor and she prescribed Differin. I&#039;ve been taking it for a couple of weeks now and I am starting to see a difference. I&#039;ve even noticed that my acne scars are healing and getting lighter. I haven&#039;t got any of those huge- hurt your face pimples either."
"I am 50 years old and have suffered with severe psoriasis for 45 years. I&#039;ve tried every treatment known to man and the best is Stelara. I was clear by the second injection and no side effects. I did take a study injection years ago and it worked but made every joint and muscle in my body swell and pain. Needless to say I stopped taking the medicine.  I have been taking injections now for 10 years and my blood work is always perfect so there doesn&#039;t seem to be any long term effects."
"I started taking Qsymia in November 2012. I tipped the beams at 264lbs, by July I was down to 199lbs and had a heart attack!  Don&#039;t be alarmed, the doctors all said it was nothing to do with the medication. It was a blockage due to all the crap I had ingested over the years. I&#039;m still currently taking Qsymia still at 200 lbs. I&#039;m not exercising like I was and I can eat anything I like in moderation. I feel great, dropped 4 pant sizes and 2 shirt sizes. With no side effects after the first couple weeks. So does it work??? YES... But it&#039;s expensive!"
"I was in the E.R. for my usual anxiety waiting to be sent to a Mental health treatment facility.  I lay there for seven hours. I tired but I could not sleep. It&#039;s like the voices around me were getting louder and louder.  I eventually exploded. It took three security people and nurse stuck me in my thigh from a distance with Ativan, it was great. The Anxiety demons went away and I felt normal. I was later prescribed Ativan. I&#039;ve tried many medicines in my twenty seven year battle with Depression and Social anxiety and anxiety and O.C.D. and P.D.S.D. Nothing works like Ativan."
"What a waste of money I paid a copay of $400 for 3 injections in my left and right knee. I am bone on bone they are worst now after the shots ortho visc should be investigated for false claims on what their product doesn&#039;t do, very dissapointed.  I tryed to complain on their site but there is no contact us on their page"
"I started on the patch approximately 6 yrs ago with a 0.50 patch for low back pain. Due to withdrawal symptoms on the third day, (sweating, chills, fatigue) I was increased to a 0.75 patch and then again to a 0.100 patch. I&#039;ve been on it for two years and with the exception of the first 36-48 hrs. I have side-effect problems that are terrible. I have lost all my upper teeth due to gum loss and decay, this just after spending $2000 to get my teeth put into shape.  I go from hot flashes and drenching sweats to chills every 10 to 15 minutes.  I have severe backache, headache and urine retention. The patch did wonders for my pain, but long term, the side-effects aren&#039;t worth it for me."
"Hello everyone; Let me say that upon using Spiriva the first time I noticed that I no longer have severe breathlessness (which developed from Pneumonia July 2012 fro surgery complications). Let me also say IMPORTANTLY if anyone has bronchitis in the lungs to please do whatever necessary to clear it up, if anyone smokes QUIT! Don&#039;t wait like I did to have a dangerous bronchial attack, in my case I was at the E.R to get a jet-nab treatment when it hit, was told had I been away from the hospital I wouldn&#039;t have survived, since that night 10/19/2011 I haven&#039;t touched one cigarette, not even one drag. I also concur that I&#039;m not having to use my albuterol like I was."
"I started take this at 30mg a week ago. I have been on so many different medicines none of them work but after only a couple of days I was feeling much better. I drove my car for an hour last night for the first time. 2 years ago I got electrocuted on 440 and I started getting the worse panic attacks. I could not get out of bed most days. I have been on every medicine they make for this. None of them worked but in a week on Cymbalta I feel like I&#039;m almost my old self again. I just turned 25 and I have a 2year old son. So thank you Cymbalta. The only side effect is I can not sleep at all. Maybe an hour here or there but I have not been tired."
"I had no side effects. It was so easy for me."
"I am so glad I was given this medicine for a week. Within 24 hours it was allowing me to live again. Thank you."
"I&#039;ve been on Kadian for 8 months (car accident 3 years ago, suffering from extensive postural and disc and recently diagnosed PTVS symptoms since). I&#039;m 22 and started feeling able to live my life again after taking Kadian (10mg 2 x day) and it seemed to make my mood better. It no longer works at current dose and doctor won&#039;t move up a dose, and doesn&#039;t believe in short-acting medicines. First 6 months it really did wonders and gave me a lot of my life back. Constipation is brutal with this medicine - I take Miralax daily with some relief. Withdrawals are horrific."
"I started Saxenda in April 2016.  I immediately noticed that I had no craving for food.  I felt full quicker and ate less.  Total weight loss 36 pounds.  I was paying out of pocket and stopped after 5 months.  While taking it I felt great, with relief from other physical issues I had. Within 2 weeks of stopping Saxenda my appetite was returning and the food cravings were back.   I am aware of the fact that I have to manage my diet.  This is a great drug, but unless it can be taken on a regular basis, it&#039;s temporary.  Since stopping I am up 4 pounds."
"In my 3rd week of taking Zyban. I smoked as usual for the 1st 2 weeks 1 pack a day. Slowly I started smoking less frequently and only half a cigarette at a time. I am now not smoking at all and more importantly I dont even think about smoking. I have trouble falling asleep at night....but so far thats the only side effect I am experiencing. I am finally on the road to being a non smoker for the 1st time in 24 years."
"I suffered from depression and anxiety all through university. Effexor helped me finish my degree and I couldn&#039;t be happier. Everyone can react differently, just pay attention to your body."
"The last time I had a YI i used Monistat and it was no problem, so when I got one recently I didn&#039;t even think twice when I purchased it again. I&#039;m on day 1 of the monistat 7 and I&#039;m regretting every moment of inserting it into my vagina. The itching and burning is 10 times worse than the actual YI itself and sleeping will more than likely be impossible. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this product to anyone."
"I have been using Topamax for 1 year and I have not had a migraine in a year.  Before taking Topamax I was in bed for 9 months with a migraine headache."
"I&#039;ve heard so many bad, scary things about Accutane. Eventually, I came to a point where I was questioning all this bad press. What&#039;s the worst that could happen?

I am glad that I looked past the negativity and gave Accutane a try. I have never felt so &quot;normal&quot; in my life. The acne on my back is finally clearing up. I don&#039;t have to spend an hour in the bathroom each day messing with lotions, cleansers, creams, gels, whatever. I&#039;m only a couple weeks into it, but I&#039;m not even getting chapped lips or dryness. Just clear skin. Thank you, Roche!"
"Prepping tonight for tomorrow&#039;s procedure.  I&#039;m now in the restroom for a while so why not do this?  Taste isn&#039;t great.  Smells like cough syrup and tastes like salty,  watered down, Nyquil in my opinion.  I chugged it; finishing the first dose in about 10 minutes.  It kicked in after about 20 mins. I am tiny bit nauseous, but no headache as I&#039;ve seen on other reviews. Bowel motion is literally water and at first couldn&#039;t even feel it. Now, after my 3rd trip, things are pretty raw. I&#039;m using a toilet paper, baby wipe, vaseline combo."
"I am 18 &amp; Kariva was the first birth control I was prescribed. Definitely does it&#039;s job birth-control wise, there was some prolonged spotting after my first period on the pill but my flow was steady after that. No weight changes, however I noticed it did nothing to help my acne, which was a factor in starting birth control. My first week on the pill, I experienced heavy nausea &amp; diarrhea, so first timers keep that in mind. The worst part about the experience in general was the mood swings. I have always been an anxious person by nature but Kariva increased my level of self-conciousness, stress, &amp; feeling of uneasiness. I also experienced some bouts of depression. All in all it could work well for some, but I have just switched my b.c. brand"
"I realize I&#039;m only in this for 3 days now but, oh gosh, the first day I took the medicine I ate an entire Mexican feast, the second day, did a little better only ate one meal, the third day, I&#039;m sitting here eating a little debbie oatmeal pie. I pray the next level after the 2 week trial, is more effective.  I refuse to pay 223 dollars for something that may or may not work."
"Tried Nebido but I felt sick from it so I moved back to Testim and got stable levels, makes me feel fantastic. Its sticky for a few minutes but keep on rubbing and you will be ok, have in mind how much work women have to do with makeup and everything will feel better. The smell is not great to men but fertile women love it, there estrogen will attract to the pheromone included in testim called Pentadecalactone. I get sooo many women from the smell alone. I use one testim per day and one testogel, the Pentadecalactone will help to absorb it but the smell of two is a bit much so I use one of each."
"The insertion of the iud was painful.  Afterward I experienced cramping &amp; spotting for 2 days.  About a week later I experienced acne.  Luckily I have teens and I use their acne gel.  A few weeks later my right foot and ankle was swollen.  I used ice, elevate my foot and when that didn&#039;t work I went to the Doctor.  The X-ray didn&#039;t show anything wrong.  My ankle hurt in I small area and it was difficult to walk without limping.  I began reading reviews about iud side effects and sure enough a swollen ankle is a side effect.  I had to purchase an ankle wrap to ease the pain.  I had the iud inserted 3/15 for irregular bleeding due to peri menopause.  I&#039;m going to Try to keep it as long as I can hoping the swelling will completely go away soon"
"My son has been on this medication since he was four.  He is now 8.  He has been a tough child and I have had some suspicion that something is awry.  After reading some of the responses, I had an ah haw moment.  He has been irritable and having tantrums lately.  It is rare that he is happy.  He nags and whines.  He has no asthma symptoms but I&#039;m not sure if this is due to this medication or he has outgrown it.  I am taking him off this medication and see if I see a change in his disposition."
"I am a 62 year old male who just entered the VA medical system. I have been taking Amlodipine for about 40 days and am now having intermittent swelling of my ankles and feet. This is new in my life. I have had ringing in the ears for over 30 years,  and I am able to ignore it. But I have noticed it getting louder also. This is a symptom in 1% of new patients. I will see my doctor and the Pharmacy tech in the next 3 days. Sleeping with my feet elevated over my heart worked well last night. I will ask to get off this calcium channel blocker and check for side effects on the new one. This product is also for Angina, I don&#039;t have that. Just elevated blood pressure."
"My daughter had had horrible acne for years.  Nothing has worked, tried everything except birth control pills.  She had her wisdom teeth pulled and was prescribed this and within 3 days her face was clear.  Totally amazing! Shocked to find such a simple solution that has not given her any side effects."
"I use it on cuts and scrapes for the whole family and it significantly contributes to healing with no side effects. We only apply it a couple times a day, for just a few days."
"I was hooked on pain killers for over 5 years and was taking 30 to 35 pills a day and did so for more than 1 year. I have been taking Suboxone for almost 3 years, under my doctors orders. Suboxone has saved my life. It is a wonder drug as far as I am concerned. Thank you suboxone and I sure hope other drug addicted people find this wonder drug to help them save their life like it did mine."
"I started taking Effexor in 1995. I had GAD with some depression. For some reason, I let the Dr continue prescribing for 12 years, I was only on 75mg and since it worked, I did not want to temp fate. Last year I started to have worse anxiety and went to one of the highly regarded MD&#039;s in NYC. He prescribed Remeron and Effexor. Eventually the dose was increased from 75 mg to 300mg. It had no beneficial effects. Worse is getting off of it. I&#039;m now down to 37.5 mgs over the last two weeks. The brain zaps and anxiety are tough. I think this drug should be illegal, The withdrawal effects are awful. I recommend trying something else unless this is your last resort."
"Best medication EVER! After 2 years of feeling angry and upset and constantly fighting with my husband (over stupid things) and having suicidal and self harm thoughts purely from severe depression, I am now feeling 100% absolutely fantastic ALL the time thanks to Pristiq! Before I could barely get out of bed now I have heaps of energy to last all day and am constantly on the go. I LOVE how this medication makes me feel. I&#039;d highly recommend trying this antidepressant."
"I took 3 doses of levaquin and stopped it. I now have joint pain, constant tendonitis 
and vision problems.  I hold Drs accountable for all of the damage done by this class of drug. For God&#039;s sake levaquin is used to treat anthrax infections, it should NOT be used for ear infections, UTIs or sinus infections. It should only be used if the other option is death. I&#039;m serious, if you have a life threatening infection, use it because you have nothing to lose from it but otherwise never take it."
"I was on this medication since 2006. I had no side effects or problems. It worked well, we had to keep increasing my dosage on it though. I also combined it with Depakote, which apparently raises your Lamictal levels. Yes you can become toxic on this medication like Depakote. I had to get off the medication because I became toxic, I was taking 300mg a day and 1250mg of Depakote daily. My symptoms were drunk look, double vision, slurred speech, short term memory loss, I started bumping into walls, my eyes were glazed over. I just got stupid towards the end. I even went to the hospital telling them I was toxic, they did not believe me. It can happen, I guess I became intolerant of the medication."
"I tried Tanzeum for a month before giving up on it.  The first week I experienced nausea and headaches but willed myself to continue on.  By week two I was having joint pain in my hands and feet, but did not attribute the pain to Tanzeum.   The joint pain increased each day, my entire body suddenly felt like an 90 year old.  My hips hurt, it was difficult to walk up stairs etc.  Finally connected the dots and stopped the injections.  Over the next 2 to 3 weeks the pain gradually disappeared.  Wouldn&#039;t try it again."
"I would not recommend this to anyone. This is the most painful and constant cramps that I&#039;ve ever been through."
"Was given this for the shingles.
Works great.
Tends to not work as well if taken too much.
Dizzy and nauseated when I move but can tolerate."
"Does nothing may as well take sugar pills"
"I am a 27 year old first-time oral birth control user, and started on Levora 11 days ago. I know side effects are supposed to last for a few months then even out, but I don&#039;t know if I can handle a few months of this! It has hit me in phases! The first phase was headaches (which I never get normally!), breasts sore beyond belief, and exhaustion. That has now shifted to hot flashes with lightheadedness followed by anxiety and LOTS of crying! I have also been constantly nauseous. Thinking of food makes me nauseous, but I&#039;m also starving and feel like I can&#039;t eat enough! All I can hope is that this is also a phase and it will even out and I&#039;ll just have to tough it out. But if it doesn&#039;t ease up I think I&#039;ll have to try a different pill. "
"I&#039;m 13 and sweat extremely badly. I can be sitting in my room with my fan on high and have sweat dripping from my arm pits. My mom never believed me, so when I went to the dermatologist for my acne I asked about sweating. She gave me Hypercare. I&#039;ve been using it for weeks and not 1 thing has changed. "
"Ive been on contrave a little over a month. No side effects for me. Lost 15 pounds already."
"I been on Apri for 3 weeks now and I feel that I been eating a lot. It is non-stop eating, all day long. Am always hungry and I haven&#039;t checked my weight. I been on 3 different birth control pills in less than 3 months and I think that Apri is alright so far. No mood swings, some acne though. I was nauseous on the very first day I took the pill and I am still sensitive to smells. It made my period lighter and shorter so far."
"IThe effects of this far out weigh the problem it was meant to solve . I was given this for  bacterial infection of MRSA (after researching this should NOT) be given for MRSA at all (Clinical Advisor) . I was given this on Oct 5th , 2015 . October 8th I was making dinner for and my legs (lower legs/bi-lateral) began to hurt terribly . Began shaking and became weak. I sat down after the shaking subsided , it took everything I had to stand up , the pain was mind-blowing .  Ever since then I have had numerous tests done to rule out ???? whatever they seemed to think it could be . I was finally told by my PCP that it was the effects of Levaquin . It will be a year soon and I still suffer with weakness , shakiness and extreme Pain . My life has changed for the worse ."
"It really works for me."
"I asked on this site about my taking 300 mg lamictal for 2 weeks after titrating up and not seeing consistent results. A couple of you suggested I split the dosage and take twice a day. Well, good news! After a couple of days, I started feeling consistently better. If anyone is going through what I was, I recommend you talk to your doctor about dividing the dose. Thanks for all your help. I am getting my life back so I want to help others!"
"I have severe all over body pain. I asked my doctor for Lyrica, but my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it so doctor substituted gabapentin. I have only taken it for 3 days 300mg a day. It has certainly helped the pain, but I have a terrible cough so bad that my sides are sore and I have a restless feeling. I will continue on it because anything is better than the pain."
"After taking Orlistat for one month eating sensibily, no junk, plenty of fruit hardly any exercise because of my disability I am overjoyed and ecstatic to have lost 10 pounds."
"Started out taking 20 mg of prozac for depression, anxiety, bi-polar disorder and pre-menopause. First two weeks I had mild side effects after week 3 I feel really good. I have not had a hot flash in 6 months I was very skeptical about prozac working for menopause but as my doctor stated give it sometime before expecting results and he was absolutely correct. Who knew?"
"(continue) I get a feeling like my poor uterus is being stabbed , also horrible back pain, gained so much weight horrible acne and even more discharge like white stuff inside my vagina ( I never had that in my life) it grosses me out .   I want to get it removed as soon as possible"
"I was diagnosed with a UTI about 2 weeks ago and was put on this medicine for 7 days. The burning and urgency symptoms went away, but I still feel &quot;uncomfortable&quot;. I called my doctor and she refilled my prescription, so after another 7 days if I&#039;m not better, I will go back in to see what&#039;s going on. 

I take the pill once in the morning and once at night (with food). 

Symptoms: I&#039;ve taken this medication before and maybe it&#039;s just me, but I feel like my mood changes when I&#039;m on it. I feel super emotional and just get super upset and even feel angry at times. So ready to be off of it in a few days..."
"This is the only drug that makes it possible for me to drive long distance or function due to the nausea I get when I get migraines. No other motion sickness medicine works, and I&#039;ve tried everything.  I never go anywhere without it. When they quit making it for a while, I had to use suppositories and they worked too, just not quite as long or completely. I hope they never quit making it, I would be in trouble."
"My son has recently been taking just Seroguel - they took him off all his others and is doing much better.  He&#039;s only 14 so he doesn&#039;t say much the family has noticed quite an improvement."
"I have always been prone to YIs, but this is the worst experience I&#039;ve had thus far. I&#039;ve never experienced the burning and itching with treatment. It&#039;s always felt better as soon as I began treatment. I was actually worried that something else was wrong and wondering if I should start asking my boyfriend some questions. Glad I read these reviews before I got too worked up! Lol!
Sheesh! The burning and itching is pretty bad and I&#039;m only on night 2. I&#039;m very uncomfortable, but hopefully it will subside as I get further into the treatment."
"I switched to Loestrin to alleviate migraines from my last set of pills, and it worked alright. They aren&#039;t as severe but still persist. Otherwise, I have 2 day periods with no cramping, perfect skin, and no mood swings! I recommend it if you have any issues with acne, cramping, or irregularity."
"My mother has been treated with the Exelon (patch) for two years now. Last month she was changed to Namenda. She has become irritable, aggressive/depressed and more confused than before. We are asking the doctor to switch back to Exelon."
"Went off lipitor after about 7 years followed by crestor for 2 years. I experienced muscle pain and nightly heartburn. Started Livalo after being off Crestor for 60  days to make sure it was the statin that caused the muscle pain. It was. Now experiencing no muscle pain with Livalo and to my surprise no heartburn. Had no idea that lipitor and crestor caused the heartburn. Had NMR bloodtest last week. Livalo is amazing. Triglicerides plummeted, cholesterol particle size went up nicely and insulin resistance went from pre-diabetic which it has been for 5 years to no risk. If your Dr. doesn&#039;t do NMR test you may be taking statin unnecessarily. My cardio Dr. doesn&#039;t even want to know what traditional HDL and LDL numbers are."
"I have been on this antibiotic for 6 days for pneumonia  and while the cough has slowed way down, I am having severe chest pain. I am thinking it&#039;s because when I do have a coughing fit it&#039;s violent, Brutal. I only have one more dose at 500 mg and I am worried I&#039;m relapsing, though no high temp I feel almost like I started out. I am now trying herbal teas, garlic, Rosemary and Kombucha. I just started these so I&#039;m praying it will all work as a team. No side effects only a little queasy!"
"after spending 4 days in a mental hospital for alcohol detox I was put on campral i was a 2 liter of rum a day DRUNK now after 5 days without a drop I feel GREAT!! I cannot stress the benefits I have and continue to receive my medicare\medicaid is even paying for it"
"My sleep doctor prescribed this for me (I have sleep apnea) because I kept waking up at the slightest noise or movement from my husband. I take 100 mg before going to sleep and I can say it has changed my life for the better.  I can sleep for a solid 7 to 8 hours with little drowsiness in the morning.  In addition, it has helped my depression symptoms, although it may also be the better quality of sleep I get."
"I just got my Paraguard removed after 5.5 months. I was having cramps that made me yelp aloud and miss work, my periods were very heavy (like overnight pad plus a heavy tampon every two hours), and I had regular nausea. I really wanted to have a hormone free option but those side effects were too, too much. I&#039;m pretty sensitive to hormones but it comes very recommended by many women. I&#039;m 33 and have never had kids."
"Have been taking amitriptyline for 6 weeks for migraines/neck pain (nerve and muscle problems in my neck are migraine triggers). Was getting migraines 2-3 times a week; sometimes lasting 2 days. Worst migraines include vision changes and vomiting. Began at 10 mg, and had less neck pain, but still migraines (less intense than usual). Went to to 20 mg, but found it too sedating (lethargic all day). Back on 10mg, but am going off it because of side effects. It affects my sense of taste (doctor says it increases sense of smell). Strong-smelling foods repel me, and I crave/gobble carbohydrates. I&#039;ve gained a pound a week (I was thin before). My ears ring, I get dizzy, libido is nil. Feel dead inside. Am weak when I exercise. "
"I&#039;m stopping smoking for years now, tried everything. And I mean EVERYTHING, and repeatedly. I thought this is not going to happen, ever. Then I started Chantix and it is over 4 months now that I did not have a single cigarette. Even though these urges are still there, it definitely takes the edge of it, and makes quitting manageable. 
True - you also have to be ready. I just hated it lately, the smell, the whole thing - but was unable to say &quot;no&quot; to it. It is disgusting, nasty habit, and I&#039;m so glad that I did it. I&#039;ll NEVER pick up a cigarette again, after all that I have to go through to finally make it. Good luck folks - Chantix works! I didn&#039;t even have to finish it all - stopped taking it about half way through the second box."
"I was given two injections of Elgard before beginning radiation therapy.  Following the
48 radiation treatments, I am still being monitored by my oncologist and urologist.  My last PSA was 0.01.  The side effects of hot flashes, lethargy, and muscle weakness are where I am today, although at my age, 79, I can&#039;t complain.  The first of the injections was in April of 2008 and the second in August. Radiation  began in early September 2008 and ended at end of October.
 

It was determined that I am not a candidate for Androgel as there is a possibility of developing cancer again.   So, as you read from the preceding paragraph, I&#039;m lucky
to have passed my first year without problems."
"I am on Day 2 of taking Saphris and I think it is a miracle. My doctor put me on 10mg at bedtime and I have slept like a baby for the first time in 3 years. He kept me on 1200 mg of Trileptal  also at bedtime for mood swings. He also added Neurontin to take 4 times a day with my Klonopin. Yesterday I actually got out of bed and cleaned my apartment from top to bottom happily. I feel wonderful. I&#039;m not tired or hung over and my mood is great. Also my anxiety is almost gone. I have not had any auditory or visual hallucinations so far. I have noticed that I eat like crazy for about 30 minutes after I take Saphris but then I get dizzy and fall fast asleep and don&#039;t wake up until morning."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon for 6 months. I have gained 10 lbs which is what I didn&#039;t want to happen especially right after having a baby! I have been having anxiety attacks out of nowhere. The spot where it&#039;s located in my arm hurts from time to time. I have been spotting for a constant 3 weeks. I may end up getting it removed before the 3 years."
"Take my 2, 8mg Suboxone when I awake keeps me from any signs of withdrawal and also keeps my mind off of the wanting to use best thing I could have ever came across probably would have been dead. Feel like a million bucks no more chasing, stealing or feeling like garbage thanks to the one for this miracle."
"I used this product for about 6 months. I have very sensitive skin (benzoyl peroxide is my biggest allergen) Aczone gave me a similar reaction to benzoyl: dry burning red patches all over my face. not good if your skin is sensitive and prone to rashes."
"I took Micardis on and off for over two years.  It caused me to have  leg cramps.  It controlled my blood pressure, but I would avoid taking it at times because of the leg cramps.  I developed severe hip and leg pains, which I think may have been caused by the Micardis.  I have switched to another blood pressure medicine in the last couple of months and I&#039;m hoping the hip and leg pains will continue to subside."
"Both my mom and I got episodes of anxiety after trying this."
"I read a lot of horror stories online before I got the Mirena so I was concerned, but willing to give it a try. I think it&#039;s great - but there were a few bad points in the first few months of the medication. 

Insertion was very uncomfortable, cramping followed by cramps lasting for six hours and light soreness for a couple of days (I have no children). I had a light period lasting for over one month after insertion, and really weird brown discharge after that for several months. I didn&#039;t notice a change to my libido. I felt &quot;aware&quot; of the Mirena for a while. But I stuck with it. 

It&#039;s a year since. I have no symptoms - no mood swings, no skin issues, no weird bodily functions. I don&#039;t have a period anymore or any cramping - it&#039;s awesome!"
"I was on the ortho Tori cyclin lo all of my high school years. Never had acne, 3 day periods, no cramps, no bloating, and actually believed it was impossible to gain weight on it. Coming to college the price of $110 was too much so I went to the generic. 2 months in I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds, horrible cramps, and have horrible acne. Switching birth controls after this pack."
"I have been on Seasonique since grade 10 of high school because my periods were very irregular. For the first year and a half it worked perfectly with no side effects whatsoever. But now every third month of the pack, I spot heavily the whole time. I have brought more liners and pads then I ever would have had to. I absolutely love having my period only 4 times a year but now its like I&#039;m having a month long period every 3 months. I am considering switching to something else because I don&#039;t know if I can keep living with it. If anyone has an explanation for why this is happening please share it with me."
"This medicine has been faithful to me and my seizures."
"I am looking for a jump start on my weight loss and my Dr. prescribed Belviq for 60 days. I started taking the pills 7/31/15 and return to the Dr.today 8/7/15 and have lost 1lb.
I was 360lb and now 359lbs. I only take 1 per day because I was afraid of side effects reviews I read.
I&#039;m not a diabetic and have not had any side effects.
So far so good. And planning overtime to increase to 2 pills per day."
"Week two on the Qsymia. Lost 1.8 lbs this week.  I am still feeling great. Tomorrow I move up to the next level. None of the side effects that I have read about."
"Medicine information says &quot;watch for changes in mood or behavior&quot;. My experience with my girlfriend is that this is a dangerous drug for people with mania."
"Procedure at noon tomorrow. 1st bottle at 17:30. So far BMs at 19:42, 20:22, 20:30 20:34, 20:44 (ca. 1 cup ea. and not explosive); peeing more. This stuff smells like urinal cakes! Tastes like hairspray with long aftertaste. Using rinse-free body wash diluted in warm water to clean after each BM. Applying &quot;Un-petroleum Multi-purpose Jelly&quot; after each BM (no parabens/no petroleum) to assure no razor-blade wiping pain. I am not one to vomit but coming close. Don&#039;t chill it -intensifies taste &amp; body feels chilly/shakey &amp; increases gag reflex. Rinse container good for the H2O-only part! I didn&#039;t do it &amp; the urinal cake smell/taste penetrated the container even w/ only H2O. Next, time it&#039;s unflavored MgSO4 or Epsom Salts. Never again!"
"Yes it works. That&#039;s the question you have and it does. If you have time read my story it&#039;ll be worth it. I&#039;m 17 and live in my miami so the weather here is pretty much hot all year around. I&#039;m not an active outside person so I do not getting acne because of sports or anything. I guess its just a phase. I&#039;ve had acne since 6th grade and its sucked. I finally made an appointment with the dermatologist December 11. He prescribed me Tretenoin also known as retin a 0.1%, the strongest strength. And Clindamycin phosphate lotion as the antibiotic. So I was told to apply Clindamycin every night, and retin a every three nights, but let&#039;s face it. We all think applying it daily will help you get results faster. Well it doesn&#039;t, all it does is irrita"
"I haven&#039;t looked back since I&#039;ve been taking 5mg of escitolopram at night my mind is so much more calm."
"About 15 yrs ago I started taking Xanax. 0.25mg morning and afternoon. It worked wonders. Then the doctors put me on Paxil. I weaned myself off the Xanax, it took about 4 months. But I always have it on hand for the tough times which seem in abundance lately.  It acts quickly and has been a life saver for me."
"I can finally sleep at night again"
"Of the 4 medications I&#039;ve been on for social anxiety Zoloft helped me the most.  "
"Embarrassed to go barefoot and what not, all ten toes infected with this brown tint. Fed up I decided to do something about it. I heard of Lamisil and did some research on the medicine, was concern about side effect and live damage so I went for the laser treatment on all ten toes.
After 5 months no change, toenails look the same,  disappointed went back to my Dr and he said Lamisil works best for this infection, so after much thought and tired of my condition I decided to go with the Lamisil, still concerned about side effects and what not. 
Dr. ordered 1st liver test and came back good so here I go!. Almost 3 months on medicine and I couldn&#039;t be happier! Brown tint is almost gone and new nail is growing out &amp; No side effects."
"The reviews for nexplanon are really scary so I thought I would share my experience. I got it implanted on June 17th. I got it put in while I was on my period and have not bled since then. I have not gained weight, had mood swings, headaches, or acne which I am prone to normally."
"I was prescribed Klonopin to get me through anxiety exarcebated by starting on Lexapro. It is a benzo and therefore highly addictive so I was very careful about taking it as little as possible. I found it to be very effective and one tablet would actually keep me calm for around 36 hours ( it has a very long half life ). I did not feel side effects and didn&#039;t feel drunk or disoriented. Was effective for me but needs to be used with care. "
"Just started taking Osphena after fighting with insurance for almost 3 years to allow it to be covered. (cash price $204 .00) After 3 days use I have noticed an increase of natural vaginal lubricant.  I can&#039;t wait to start having a sex life again with my husband!  Looking forward to the promises and not to worried about the side effects.  Thank You Osphena for bringing us back to life!"
"End of week 4 and mild side effects like fatigue and stomach cramps. Diarrhea subsided also, I feel pretty good but couple days out the week it feels like my heart is beating slow and I feel light headed, nauseous, headache and whole body ache."
"I like Abilify a lot because I used to be extremely irritable. I also couldn&#039;t ride my bicycle when I was manic because I would not focus on my safety. Luckily, I now only get hypomanic episodes thanks to Abilify. I feel like I am free to get off of my emotional roller coaster and explore the world outside. The only few problems it gave me were akasthesia and weight gain. I&#039;m 14 years old, and I don&#039;t know whether I gained 40 lbs from growing, the medicine, or both."
"I started Generess Fe 3 weeks ago, and at first I was extremely wary; I had reviews about unstoppable weight gain, terrible mood swings, breakthrough bleeding, acne worsening, and headaches, so I was on the edge. The first 3 days my face broke out the worst it had since middle school, and I was so upset about it because I had spent so much time and money to good skin, but after about a week and a half or two, my face has completely cleared up, since then I actually have less small acne then when I wasn&#039;t on BC. The only side effects I have experienced so far (knock on wood) is I am a bit more touchy on certain days or even random days, and I have a good bit more of the munchies or cravings, but otherwise no weight gain or crazy moods. :)"
"I&#039;m 16 years old and I&#039;ve been struggling with cystic acne since I was 12. Strangely my pimples will mostly come out on my nose and sometimes on my cheeks. They always grew huge and fat. Believe me I tried every topical treatment I can think of and even tried organic ones too and none of them worked I then decided to go see a derm and got the pills and honestly I was afraid of it not working and just making my pimples even bigger and worse but it did not. It left my face almost completely acne free
I have not felt nauseous, my acne didn&#039;t get worse, surprisingly!!! The pills have not giving me any horrible side affects 
I believe the reason is because it&#039;s best to TAKE THE PILL WITH FOOD
It will lower the chances of getting side affects"
"Omg !!! I literally was in soooo much pain, burning and itching, that I had to call out of work. Two days later the pain eased up alot but I still had slight irritation. Went to the Gyno. She said I had an Allergic reaction to the medicine. Now I&#039;m on a 7 day pill to clear up everything.. terrible. If you have a yeast infection just cure it with a pill or a couple home remedies"
"Calmed my racing  thoughts a lot.  Downside is the days I don&#039;t take them I feel mentally groggy"
"It helped me sleep, but only 4 hrs  with 10 mg dosage"
"I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen from when I was 16-20 years old the first time, and I recently started taking it again 2 months ago.  Both times, I experienced an increase in cup size (~2 cups), which was nice, but I think part of that is connected to weight gain.  After I switched to a different birth control the first time, I dropped about 7 lbs. over the course of a few months.  I then stopped the other birth control because I was having some bad side effects and dropped another 10 additional lbs., but on the downside my breast size decreased to an A (the size it was when I was 17 prior to taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen).  Now that I have been taking it for two months, I have definitely not felt like myself and have been depressed &amp; unable to concentrate, and have gained 7 lbs."
"I feel wonderful taking Beyaz but it&#039;s not perfect. It really helped with moderate acne, sometimes I would break out on my back and chest since taking I don&#039;t remember when I had a blemish. I have no mood swings, bloating or weight gain-- I&#039;m actually at my lowest weight. Best thing my sex drive is great. 

The only minus is my period still varies sometimes it&#039;s heavy, sometimes it&#039;s light and I&#039;m still getting intensive cramps the first day but honestly, I have no other issues and I can deal with it."
"Have had psoriasis for 30 years I had a bad episode of planter fasciitis then the psoriasis affected my feet and lower legs really bad. So after fighting for three months finally got 80 percent paid by humira and it must go thru your insurance on the medical side and my Jehovah&#039;s got the co pay I am lucky. After a few months I am almost completely healed. Nothing but a big round, looks like a burn spot. No creams no lotions and potions."
"This drug really does work for IBS-C. I take it so I can sleep, but,discovered it works for the bowel problem. Amazing!!!!!"
"For years I suffered from almost debilitating obsessive thoughts that ruled my life. I had no control over them. They intruded on every single aspect of my existence, making being present in any given moment virtually impossible, because the thoughts would not let up. About 4 years ago I started taking Lexapro, and the relief, within a few weeks, was immense. Now I can actually enjoy my family, my life. It is truly amazing."
"Have been on this for about 4 to 6 years and wouldn&#039;t want to be off of it. It works together with my migraine medication to keep me clear and focused. No side effects when getting on it."
"For those patients who need a combination of this medication, try BC Powder. It is fast and very effective. It&#039;s a throwback from the old days. I am now approaching 70 and have been on some very powerful and addictive medications because I have all the arthritis&#039;. This is the closest thing I have found that, at least, eases the pain so I can function. Good health to you!"
"I used Celexa years ago. Went off of it, for almost 8 years and then started school again. I&#039;m now 26. I had a really bad experience of hyperventilating and passing out due to stress, I was afraid to take anything, but after a year of suffering I decided it&#039;s time. My therapist suggested going back on the Celexa and since then I&#039;m on 10 mg once a day and it has helped me a lot. I have been on it for 1 month, I definitely feel better not 100 percent though. I think I might need to up it to 15 mg or 20 mg to feel 100 percent but I don&#039;t want to be completely zoned out. We will see I have a final tonight that is going to make or break me in a class, so it may just be today. Celexa has saved my life."
"I took this and within 24 hours the infection was reduced and bearable. I actually love it. I did get a little nauseous and threw up twice but it was worth it for me."
"Went to ER with a migraine and they  gave me torodol and a &quot;cocktail&quot; of other meds that did not work!!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking 180mg timed-release dilt capsules for two years after my 95%-effective catheter ablation for atrial flutter.  I still get mild and transient afibs most mornings at 5 a.m. or so.  They stop after ten minutes or when i sit up or get up to use the restroom.  I think the vagus nerve responds to bladder pressure and sends a wrong signal to the heart to act up.
   I&#039;m on low dosage by prefernce. Perhaps I&#039;ll ask for higher dosage if the transient episodes start to last longer or feel more severe. I can barely feel the &quot;quivering&#039; sensation that afib causes in my chest so I am happy for now."
"Nortiptyline has worked well for preventing my headaches for two months now.  "
"So after my experience with the mirena (awful and created so many bad side effects) I took this out and a few months later replaced with with the paragard iud &quot;no hormones&quot;. garbage.. With this IUD, the panic attacks became more frequent and I&#039;ve never had a panic attack until I got an IUD in. I had very bad periods, and cramps, when I got it taken out (mid June) I got my period in July and it was horrible. I felt like my body definitely cleaned itself out, but I lost a lot of blood. I&#039;ve been experiencing more headaches as well and that has never happened to me. I also had a lot of infections because of it and bad discharge from it and now that it&#039;s taken out no odor, no discharge. Birth control
Sucks.. use condoms."
"This birth control was the best thing for me because I&#039;d bleed for a month straight before the pill. This was difficult since I play sports . Now I only get my period once every three months . My period comes right when it should (on the sugar pill). The only bad effects I&#039;ve had is weight gain, bloating, and increase in appetite. I&#039;ve read many reviews and weight gain is an issue but if you workout regularly you should see decrease in bloating"
"I take Seroxat/Paxil for depression. When I started to use Vaniqa, it worked for hairs but I didn&#039;t realize that it was making me very depressed! Be careful"
"I am suffering by a strong urticaria, i tooked  fexofenadine 180 mg i felt very good and the urticaria has 90% gone but after 1 week it returns idk why and i was still taking my pill so i started taking 1 pill morning and one at night and the urticaria is still here but all i&#039;ll never give up maybe i am going to use hydroxyzine now"
"I read the reviews but was still eager to try it -- do not take this. This pills has made me extremely depressed and has caused me to have mood swings. I&#039;m surprised my boyfriend is still with me, because since this pill I have been depressed, unmotivated, moody, and have had no sex drive! I do not recommend this pill to anyone"
"I cannot begin to tell you how much I hate myself for staying on this for as long as I did. I went from having extremely light and short periods to being on it constantly for the past year and a half. The only reason I was using birth control was so I would feel comfortable and protected during sex. But considering I had my period just about everyday, it was useless. I cannot tell you how many pairs of underwear I&#039;ve ruined or how many boxes of tampons I&#039;ve gone through. Let&#039;s not forget about the dramatic weight gain. In the past year and a half I gained a good 50+ pounds. Yes I know the birth control didn&#039;t put the food in my mouth, but my fast metabolism was shot. Even when I went on diets I did nothing but continue to gain weight!"
"Have been taking Testim 1% gel for the past several months....on and off.  Makes me feel better overall.  I&#039;m 52 and about two years back had noticed a decrease in sexual performance for which I had previously been prescribed Viagra.  Notified doctor of increasing depression symptoms and fatigue/joint pain.  He added a testosterone test to annual blood test and my testosterone level was barely over 100.  Viagra no longer required and I note overall decrease in depression, increase in energy levels.  Note warnings on secondary exposure to children and pregnant females.  Wash hands after application.  No adverse side effects or drug interactions have been noted."
"I&#039;m 57 and been using 4 pumps daily of Androl for about one year. T levels were 140 now are over 500. I can&#039;t tell you how much better I feel. Had anxiety that needed an occasional Xanax. No longer. Libido improved significantly, not only feel stronger but I am stronger. Every guy should get the blood work done to see what his T levels are. I have had no side effects but a better outlook on life."
"When all else failed (I had done Asacol and Remicade along with 6-mp and other treatments; Remicade did well at first but over time stopped working) I have found this medicine to be a great replacement for Remicade. The nurse comes to the house so its more convenient. The only down side is that it&#039;s injected intramuscularly and not I.V."
"Was on Prozac for 15 yrs, if it&#039;s not broke don&#039;t fix it kind of thing, wanted to drop the sexual side effects and apathy so after research requested bupropion (am a nurse). If you can stick out the first few weeks of side effects (same as others have sited) it is worth it. Can finally respond to my husband and am able to feel sadness and joy and concentrate more clearly. Do be mindful of any fluctuations you may feel with different manufacturer generics your pharmacy may use. It could be a nightmare (it was for me), like plummeting into an abyss in turmoil. Went to a different pharmacy to order the version that works for me!"
"I&#039;ve been on Combivent for years and then had an allergic reaction to it which put me in the ER. Had severe skin burning and itching all over. Now have to stop it. It did help my breathing so not happy about this allergic reaction happening to me."
"8. 5"
"Been on this pill for 6 days and no loss of weight. First day felt weak, slept all day getting up to pee only. Woke up very hungry. 2nd and 3rd day abdominal pain, back pain, weak and very hungry. 4,5,6 day tired feeling cramps but still eating a lot as very hungry. Wish I knew 4 pills needed to max results as I feel if 4 pills need may not be effective. Discomfort not worth taking with no results. Too expensive not covered by insurance. So far very disappointed and 90.00 less in pocket.  Please buy a week at time and see if works for you. Talk to Pharmacist"
"I was recently on antibiotics and not too long after followed a yeast infection. This is not my first YI but it is the first time that my vagina felt like it was on fire after I inserted the cream and has felt a constant light burning feeling inside and out since I started and just started day 3. I googled because I was concerned and found this thread to know I am not alone! I am now at ease and hopefully the burning will go away in a couple of days once all the cream is gone!"
"Terrible, wish I could give a -10 lol. Had first and last shot beginning of July 2016 and been bleeding ever since! Mefanamic and tranexamic acids have done nothing. Anyone who has bled for months please tell me when things got better for you because I am losing hope. I don&#039;t know whether its the doctors are ignorant about what this can or that they don&#039;t are more concerned about keeping unwanted pregnancy to a min but it is scary how little they know about this drug. The side effect they kept making the most noise about was weight gain rather than possibility of bleeding for months on end."
"I began taking this after I was diagnosed with bipolar 2 ultra rapid cycling. I started at 2 mg and went up to 10mg gradually over the course of two months, but with no change whatsoever. If anything, my mood was even less stable while taking it. In addition to its ineffectiveness, it kept me from sleeping in its entirety. it might work for others, but it did nothing for me."
"Hey guys, I have been on bc pills since I was 16 (mom&#039;s routine regimen for her girls) my period was always extremely heavy before the pills. To solve my cramping, pain, &amp; bleeding my OBGYN switched brands of bc until we found the best one for me. I liked the pills But My insurance stopped cutting the cost. As a college student they were too high so I went to the clinic &amp; chose nexplanon Jan 2016. I had random bleeding the first few months, but that stopped. In August, it was normal (less blood). Dec 2016 I have not seen a cycle, just symptoms. I use protection, but I still take preg tests just to be sure. I&#039;m happy I tried it! I recommend. I have only gained 15lb since I graduated HS. I stay active to maintain my shape KI&#039;m 6&#039;0 175lbs 20 yrs old"
"You can&#039;t believe everything doctors say. My eye was twitching unbelievably for weeks at a time and they kept saying stop drinking caffeine and its stress. I said it&#039;s probably because I have dry eyes. After fighting with the insurance company I was finally able to get Restasis and whala! My twitching ceased. I am so relieved. Life is hard enough why would I have to deal with twitching eye every day. They can sometimes cause them to be a little itchy I use a little allergy drop and I&#039;m fine"
"17 weeks pregnant. Had a horrible cough since Saturday. Thursday developed fever and general feeling of unwellness. Saw Dr Friday. Took first dose of Tamiflu Friday night. Slept the best I had in a week. Saturday felt 60% better, no fever. Today is Sunday, feeling tired but not unwell. Planning on going to work tomorrow.
I did take it with food, but have has horrible heartburn when I sleep on my left from it. Also, nasal drainage is worse since taking it.
"
"I have been on 4-5, 15 mg oxycodones a day for the last 2 yrs and I finally have my normal life back. The prior 12 yrs I was in and out of the ER and hospital more than I can count, I just know in 2014, I was in and out a total of 14 times, with a GI surgery and in 2004- 2006 it was about 128 days total with a surgery.  I have a very odd birth defect in my GI system. Without the pain killers, I would end up in the ER 1-9  days every couple of weeks with level 10+ abdominal pains that would cause uncontrollable vomiting for more than 11 days at a time. No fluids would stay down, nothing. I would be bedridden to the point the paramedics would have to come carry me out the house to the ER."
"I used Effexor XR for depression and anxiety for almost two (2) years. Effexor has terrible anxiety and nausea first several days. I started 37.5 with .5 Clonazepam in the morning and before night, then upped to 75mg. Clonazepam was removed once my sleep was restored.

Great Drug gave me life and energy. Side effects lowered erection, sex drive and orgasm.

Kept me going well, gave much more energy comparing to Lexapro. Getting off after 2 years was not a problem. I was slowly reducing dose each 2-3 weeks."
"Was diagnosed 8/12/17, began treatment 9/25. I was super pumped. Initially had a slight rash and my thumb didn&rsquo;t work, got too stiff to move two times for like a minute.  Second day I felt great. High energy. Stayed up late. Yesterday I felt like butt all day. Sore. Stomach hurt. Especially when I swallowed food or drink. Today wasn&rsquo;t a whole lot better. At least yesterday I could eat. I&rsquo;ve taken 7 Advil  over quite a long and now I can feel the crappiness coming back on. Called my ID specialist and she told me to stop taking it and come in tomorrow morning. I&rsquo;m disappointed. But I gotta get healthy. My Cd4 counts are 9 and viral load is is 181,000. I just want to get better."
"I have struggled with Bulimia for 12 yrs, tried many different meds and nothing worked. Most of the antidepressants just made it worse. I decided to take matters into my own hands and did some research. I discovered that some Dr.&#039;s had prescribed Adderall and had success. It took me months of pleading with my Dr and showing him info before he finally agreed to let me try Adderall. He prescribed me a low dose of 10mg and changed my life forever!!!  I had completely forgotten what it was like to lead a normal life! 10 months later I am still B/P free and loving myself again! Soon I&#039;ll switch to 5mg as I feel I&#039;ve been able to reset my eating habits! Adderall saved my life!!!!"
"Hey y&#039;all, I said I would do a rate if everything turned out in my favor to help nervous girls and it did!!! On Oct 30th at around 2am I had drunken sex with some guy I barely knew (stupid, I know). While we were getting it on, the condom slipped off and I&#039;ve never been so scared in my life about pre-cum since he didn&#039;t ejaculate in me or the condom. I took the pill at around 2pm (12 hours) the same day and didnt experience any side effects until the 3rd day where I got serious cramps, sore breasts, and nausea. I was so scared that I could have been pregnant since my period was supposed to come on the 4th. Fast forward to the to the 8th and I got my period!!! Never been so happy to see blood in my life!"
"I&#039;ve suffered from all four (Panic/ anxiety/depression/bad thoughts) for 7 years I&#039;ve never had panic attacks like I do now, I&#039;m finding myself on the internet searching about panic/anxiety attacks how are they cause what causes them, searching more into the answer I got  then searching more in to that answer I got and so on, it&#039;s to the point I&#039;m scared to eat because I&#039;m scared of having something to spike an attacks, try to avoid leaving my house let along the living room, my doctor gave me zoloft 25mg and I&#039;m so scared to take it, what if it makes me worse what if it don&#039;t work, what if something happens while I have my kids alone, can I od, will I get addicted  feel like I&#039;m going crazy"
"My insurance co would not fill a rx for oxycontin until I have tried opana &amp; a couple of others I&#039;ve never heard of. I was in a near fatal auto accident younger, I need a knee &amp; hip replacement, breast cancer at end of 2013 &amp; have had terrible time with infections, causing more surgeries.  I lay in bed usually 16 hrs a day (including sleep) because I hurt all over &amp; even more w/ house or yard chores . I&#039;m allergic to morphine, codeine, delaudid, Fentanyl, CT scan dye - I can take only Demerol after surgery. At home the only med that I am not allergic to is oxycontin &amp; ultram. I am now trying opana, because of my insurance company.  I&#039;m supposed to take 1 -20mg 2x/day. I am very disappointed. What little relief in gave me was only for about 2 hrs."
"i took this while i was pregnant when having alot of constipation and it really helped me i would stay regular."
"I researched OTC medicines for urinary tract infection last night when I was very uncomfortable with symptoms and had not been able to get to the Dr. The previous night I could not sleep due to excessive urgency after already emptying my bladder.  At 9:30PM I decided to get to the pharmacy to find this medication or something similar.  I was skeptical but amazed after taking 2 tabs as directed at 10:00PM I was able to sleep all night comfortably.  I did as the medication instructed and contacted my Dr. today.  All I wanted was to get through the night and it really worked! It works so well but don&#039;t be fooled that you don&#039;t need to see a Doctor. It will not cure the infection."
"I got my first shot the beginning of September after having a miscarriage of an unplanned pregnancy! Got the shot and thought I would be fully protected, WRONG!!! Low and behold, I am pregnant once again! I think the 99% rate is a bunch of bull because there are more and more people getting pregnant on this almost &quot;flawless&quot; birth control"
"I have been on Aviane for 4 years now and only recently went off of it for about 6 months to try the DEPO shot. I have had zero issues with it up until going back ON it after the interm. I am very sensitive to hormones, and the DEPO shot was not for me (crying, mood swings, feeling off). I even was switched to Lutera two years ago when the pharmacy was out of Aviane and I immediately noticed the difference with mood swings, sadness, and vaginal sensitivity).  For the first month back on Aviane I didnt notice a huge difference, but this second month I am thinking I am sleeping more, gaining some weight, and feeling off. I am also having extreme bouts of nausea. I am going to discontinue and hope that alleviates some of my symptoms."
"I was on lortab 10/500 for 14 years from 2000 until 2014 after having 2 lower back surgeries for chronic pain it worked best for me with the least side effects in 2014 it&#039;s like no longer available I&#039;m guessing in fl. Or the U.S  now for 4 months I&#039;m on hydrocodone 10/325  it is not effective at all for me I don&#039;t get any relief from it so I&#039;m not as functional I&#039;m in the bed more because of the pain and no relief from the 10/325.  what happen to the Lortab 10/500 ?"
"I have been on Hydroxychloroquine for over a year. It has eased the pain in my hands for a while but the longer I am on this medication it is not working as well as it did. I am still having stiffness and pain in some joints. This is at 200mg x2 daily."
"On tamiflu for the flu,  zpack for strep-throat and motrin for pain and fever. Day 2: me begging please give me penicillin please.. my throat began to swell and was covered with infection. I went to urgent care and was given prednisone shot along with Rocephin shot. Followed with prescription for prednisone, augmentin and diflucan. IMMEDIATELY the augment kick the hell out of the strep-throat. I began spitting out the infection.. the flu symptoms subsided. And all is right in the world. I had the runs, upset stomach and yeast infection.. all of those pale in comparison to strep-throat and the flu"
"I have tried all Four meds. Stendra, as advertised, has by far the quickest onset, usually within 20 min and full on in 30 min. Side effects are mild but it is also the weakest. 
For me, Viagra is the strongest with Levitra close behind. Levitra had worst side effects. Cialis is different. Very mild side effects and long lasting. So they all have their place. If I were a single guy frankly I would carry a few of each. stendra if you are in a bind with short notice. Cialis if you need to pull an all night binge. As a married guy viagra is fine and don&#039;t be silly and try to hide it from your wife. Generic Rovatio is available ( same as Viagra). Very cheap, ask your doctor."
"I was on Ritalin XR, but it felt like rat poisen too me. I was only remembering the ups and downs, and the short goodtime was not worth it. Yesterday I took my first Vyvanse (Elvanse (EU)) and I was in heaven for the first time in my life. Everything that has been my problems seemed to vanish to some extent, and it lasted the all day! I&#039;m so happy right know. I&#039;m sitting writing this 2 hours into my second dose (day), and the most fantastic feeling has already kicked in. I&#039;m so amazed that I can&#039;t get it out loud enough. :) I have been late diagnosed ADHD at age 48. I have struggled all my life with lot of failing, and had to work twice as much as others too achieve my goals. I&#039;m so thrilled now for what the future will bring for me!"
"I have multiple chronic pain conditions such as bulging discs, fibromyalgia, occipital neuralgia. Flexmid is exactly the same drug as Flexeril. Both made me fall asleep and made me feel hung over when I woke up."
"This has saved my life, but make sure to take it on time"
"My doc highly recommended the IUD. Said it was the next best thing to sliced bread.  I had it inserted Aug 2016. After 8 months of constant bleeding/spotting, I went back to see my doc and she has put me on birth control (Lolo) for the next three months to stop the bleeding. After two weeks of adding the pill to the IUD, I started spotting again. I just want to cry!  I really don&#039;t want to have the IUD taken out as I have lasted this long. I wish I had a crystal ball to see into the future. I don&#039;t know what to do. Help!!!"
"My wife was suffering with vulvadynia for almost two years because we had difficulty finding a doctor who actually understood this condition.  When we finaly did, my wife was given prescriptions for desipramine and clonazepam.  Within a short span of time she experienced a significant improvement.  While she still experiences some &quot;flares&quot;, the pain is never severe.  She has since located a physical therapist that specializes in pelvic floor disorders and expects that adding this treatment will take her even further along the road to recovery."
"Was on Sprintec from 04/16-10/16. Gave me panic attacks . I would shake violently, feel chest pains and shortness of breath. I always had shortness of breath and I always felt very irritated and stressed out for no reason. Periods heavy and painful. It gave me very clear skin and it prevented pregnancy. Went off the pill 10/2016, my scalp hair fell out rapidly. I was diagnosed with androgenetic alopecia, or female pattern baldness, in 04/17. This is despite the fact that I have NO family history of pattern baldness. My hair is half as thick as it was last year. Scalp is always smelly and oily. I think Sprintec messed up my hormones and now I am producing extra testosterone and, thus more DHT and now I have &quot;pattern baldness&quot;. AVOID!"
"40 y/o WF I&#039;m in day 3 of Contrave and have lost 2 lbs. can&#039;t be water weight because I&#039;m drinking tons of water due to the dry mouth it gives me. No nausea or headache. i will say that I haven&#039;t been sleeping well however during the day, I feel almost &quot;speedy.&quot; Not twitching or anxious but more energetic and focused whereas normally I could take a nap nearly anytime! I am very nervous about this medication though because in 2007 I had a seizure. I&#039;m not epileptic and they never found the cause but I keep reading how it lowers the seizure threshold. My doctor obviously thinks the risk is minuscule but I&#039;m still leary... Will update:) cheers"
"I take 3 pills twice a week. I take it at bedtime with TONS of water. The stomach cramps wake me up about 4am. They are fairly severe. Sometimes I get shakes or cold sweats. By 7am I have a BM but usually experience chills. I do get bad diarrhea for several hours after the first BM but after this my bloated stomach feels 1000X better and I can eat again. I get so blocked up that I don&#039;t wanna eat and feel sick. So yes there are side effects but they don&#039;t last forever and they are bearable. I&#039;ll take it again."
"Wonderful new medicine! Works wonders."
"I wish I would have read these reviews before I started taking this medication! I feel soooo sick! I started to wonder if I have something really serious like cancer. I am so weak. One minute I am drenched in sweat and then I have chills so bad no amount of blankets will warm me. I can&#039;t get out of bed and I must go to work tomorrow. I am a teacher and I have parent/teacher conferences! I constantly have a fever of 101 or higher! Why would they prescribe this medication to any one. Too many people have the same terrible side effects!"
"I just started Chantix yesterday morning. 
As far as symptoms I had a brief headache when taking it, and nausea for about 10 minutes.. nothing that wasn&#039;t tolerable. I was very hesitant with taking the med because I have heard so many horror stories but honestly it isn&#039;t that bad so far. I did have pretty vivid dreams last night that were just strange and didn&#039;t make much sense but nothing terrifying. I normally smoked anywhere from slightly over half a pack to a pack per day. Yesterday I smoked 6 in total and today so far I have had less than half. I&#039;m already starting to feel some withdrawal symptoms such as sore throat sore tongue slight headache ect. I plan on sticking with this med and will update later in the process."
"I never actually got to see if this medication helped with my depression because I had such a bad reaction to it I threw up so much from it I don&#039;t think any of it actually got into my system. The side effects on this were the worst I&#039;ve ever felt on an antidepressant."
"Prescribed by Urologist with samples for trial.  Found negligible benefit for the intended purpose (very weak urine flow) but severe interference with sexual fulfillment and inordinately high price.  I quit after six weeks."
"Well,  was backed up for almost 4 weeks. After 2 weeks went in to ER, got lactulose. No success after being told to eat more fibre too. Went back 4 days later.  I had an x ray that showed a lot of stool. Try some citro-dan. Had little success. Took another the next day. No success. Was getting pretty rough. Went back and told to try restoralax. 3 days and was able to go  a little bit but it would not budge the rest. Went back again. Told to try suppositories. Well been using them every night for 4 nights. Decided to use one tonight also took latulose and fiber tabs and metimusul. Had some BM. Took Citro-Mag after BM and water. 2 hours later I felt al ot come out. Was getting a pale clay look of stool before. Got back to normal color and running. Hope it stays clear."
"So I went back and forth about starting contrave, weighting 275 and nothing was really working for anytime long term, I decided to try. I started in May and its now August, Im currently 245. Its been quite sometime since I&#039;ve been here. All that said, I will say the first week sucked....I was nauseated, stomach cramps, felt like crap. Every day I debated with myself if I was going to continue taking it but I wanted to try, even though i felt bad. I&#039;d say for the first month I wasnt hungry and I couldnt finish all of whatever i put on my plate. I didn&#039;t have desire for sweets or fried anything. Now, those cravings have slowly came back, but I&#039;m still eating smaller portions.Keep an eye on your bl pressure and don&#039;t drink alcohol."
"I have taken Velivet for almost 2 years. I&#039;ve been getting menstrual migraines from withdrawal sometimes during my period. Also have low libido which I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s related to this pill. "
"I&#039;ve used this product before and it did wonders for my skin.. My skin did start to get red and irritated so I just used it every other night or skipped a few days in between. I had a lot of scaring on my cheeks large pores and oily skin and it completely cleared my skin. I remember my cousins girlfriend asked me if I had makeup on.( My skin was flawless) The first time I tried this product it was 0.1 percent cream and now I just started using 0.05 percent gel I hope it has the same effect keeping my fingers crossed"
"Drixoral worked. Nothing in the drug store works like drixoral did.  I&#039;m tired of trying different brands to find what works because nothing does.  If there is such a demand for it to come back then bring it back in its original potency but have it be prescription only PLUS patients must have a documented chronic sinus condition"
"Had unprotected intercouse on day 16 of my 28 day cycle. Took ella 2 days later. Experienced mild stomachache for about an hour after, a bit of dizziness but not much else. Period came 1 day late, with no other symptoms. Highly recommend it, had way less secondary effects than with levonelle which made my period 4 days+ late and gave me horrible cramps. Good luck and don&#039;t stress too much!"
"Since going in the hospital with 790 count and staying 5 days. Since june 24th my count is 94--120 and its excellent."
"Okay honestly I&#039;m not sure how well this has worked in terms of combating my acne. I started in December and ever since then I&#039;ve had a mixture of AMAZING skin days but also a few bad breakouts of cystic acne (currently me right now). I honestly don&#039;t really know how to rate this because I think it has helped in some ways but it&#039;s hard to tell. I also went on minocycline recently which previously helped a lot but this time I went on it I think it broke me out even more?? Anyways thats my experience so far I&#039;ll stay on it to see if it gets better even though I&#039;ve been on it quite a while"
"After doing my research on which method of birth control would be best for me (bc I tend to be forgetful) I went with copper iud. I had mine inserted August 2015 and I&#039;ve had no problems. The first few seconds my Gyn inserted the iud it was a small pinch, but the pain went away once she was done. I had my period for 5 days and since then I&#039;ve had a regular monthly period that last 3-5 days! :) I had read many discouraging reviews/experiences and I&#039;m glad I still decided on getting this iud (non hormonal). No heavy period, each period is 3-5 days, no cramps, sex life is better, no weight gain, highly recommend it if you&#039;re not trying to have a baby within the next 2 years!"
"I started on saxenda March 2017 I aren&#039;t hungry, I have to make myself eat and experience a little constipation and I only lost 3 lbs I will continue on it and I will be doing more exercise and running longer miles to see if my weight lost go down more than 3 lbs any suggestions"
"I&#039;ve been on quite a few different kinds of medications for anxiety and depression, but I&#039;ve never had a reaction quite like I did with this one. Within hours of taking it for the first time, I began to feel nauseous, drowsy, uncoordinated, shaky; my vision was blurry and I couldn&#039;t drive a car. These symptoms persisted until I stopped the medication. I tried it once or twice after stopping the first time, and the horrible symptoms came right back. I couldn&#039;t even do my work. If you have any sensitivities to this medication I would not recommend it. I&#039;m no doctor, but even I know when a pill isn&#039;t worth the risk."
"My first shot was 17 years ago I remember being told by many people it made me crazy! I was also an active addict. I took dp off and on for a couple years it took me 17 years to finally get pregnant also I had only been sober for 6 months out of that 17 years in which I conceived after 6 months of being sober. It had been over 10 years since taking the shot which I try to blame too. I now have two babies and tried the shot again for about 9 months now. I would much rather have another baby than what it does to my mind and body. It&#039;s not good for me!!!! Will be glad when it&#039;s totally out of my system has only been 2 months since I was suppose to have gotten a shot I feel allot better just knowing I don&#039;t have to take it and I can get better"
"This is my 12th day on Citalopram and already I am noticing a difference.  I was on Effexor for over a year and it was okay but started getting really anxious and having panics attacks all over again, more frequent, and also really sad a lot, so decided to talk to my doctor about switching.  He said &quot;Citalopram is my go-to medicine, and it&#039;s a lot cleaner than most.&quot;  I love reading the positive reviews. It gives me high hopes.  The first week I did feel a bit off but I know you just have to wait it out and things will look up.  So far so good! Good luck everyone!"
"Have been on this medication about 4 months I was wondering why I couldn&#039;t sleep and have gained and excessive amount of weight. I read the reviews which helped me considerably. I wake up with headaches in the morning. I take Excedrin it helps, my skin breaks out weekly.  My right arm is numb and feels like no circulation. I believe I am going to take my self off this medication. I can&#039;t afford to keep buying clothes. Oh by the way my sugar has gone up. I&#039;ve never had this problem before. I believe this medication is the common denominator for most if not all my issues."
"I got Belviq on the 2nd or 3rd day it was available. I got a 15 day free sample and I&#039;ve already lost almost 10 pounds. I have not had any negative side effects. This definitely makes you feel less hungry."
"The taste was not bad at all. My anxiety about this whole things was the only concern especially after reading the pamphlet in the kit which I do not recommend. It will just put ideas in your head to worry you (Some Side Effects May Include BS). I did the first dose at 6:30pm &amp; cleared out within a couple hours. Next morning got up at 5am to chug down 2nd dose &amp; about an hour later was passing clear yellow liquid. I starting prepping a few days earlier and not eating as much. Mostly light foods with little to no sodium. About 38 hours the before procedure I eat nothing. I had  jello (no red, purple, or orange), water, zico coconut water for hydration, and 1 small 1 ounce slice of turkey for lunch. Easy on the stomach &amp; better than Golytely."
"I was put on Provera for abnormal bleeding due to uterine fibroids. It didn&#039;t help with the bleeding only made it worst. I had clotting the size of a golf ball and bad cramping...was told by nurse it can take up to 10 days for it to work well I was    
on it for 14 days and nothing changed."
"I was prescribed this for GERD caused by gastroparesis. After 1 week I developed severe abdominal pain, diarrhea, gas and vomiting. I also felt short of breath, anxious and dizzy. I stopped this medicine and will never take again. I would not recommend this medicine to anyone ever. Wish I could give it a 0."
"Before I was prescribed xanax I weighed 90 pounds, bags under my eyes, couldn&#039;t get out of bed, had no appetite, dehydrated, couldn&#039;t leave the house, or even speak to anyone. I have SEVERE anxiety and depression &amp; also suffer from PTSD.... thoughts on suicide were everyday and I had to be basically babysat 24-7 to make sure I didn&#039;t do anything stupid.

I don&#039;t understand why everyone talks about the negative effects of this pill when people like ME actually need it to function and live a happy lifestyle. Since taking it, I&#039;ve gained healthy weight, no longer throw up from anxiety, i have friends now, and do activities i never thought i would without having panic attacks. Its a great feeling to be able to live again. Thank you XANAX"
"This pill is awesome. I am 43 yrs old and have used it for about one year now. I love this pill; it lasts me for about 2 to 3 days. You feel like you are in your 20&#039;s and you can go more than one round and on top of that in about 15 minutes after ejaculating the rocket is ready to launch."
"It&#039;s expensive but works. To bad my insurance won&#039;t cover it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Trileptal for bipolar disorder for years. I switched from Depakote as it made my hair fall out and I hated the monthly blood tests. I take a large dose of Trileptal, 2100mg/day and shortly after taking it I may have some short-lived side effects (tingling in my face, mild double vision and sleepiness) for about a 1/2 hour. My doctor says I might avoid these if I&#039;d split it into morning and evening doses but I have no doubt I&#039;d forget the morning dose regularly. Trileptal has been very good to me! I still take a low dose birth control (Norethindrone 0.35mg/day) to help with &quot;monthly&quot; ups and downs and we&#039;ve added Lamictal for it&#039;s antidepressant effects (I found out anti-depressants may increase cycling). I&#039;ve never felt this &quot;Normal&quot; before!"
"Been on Livalo for two months now and it did not change my cholesterol levels. Still at 285/212. No symptoms or side effects. Just does not work for me."
"I have taken .9 Premarin (natural estrogen) for 23 years (after my uterus was removed at 34 and symptoms developed), and I am just fine (unless I don&#039;t take it).  Any attempt to use any oral artificial estrogen made me very sick and the patches left red welts that lasted for months. So I have stayed with oral Premarin, and although I don&#039;t appreciate the way horses are treated in order to produce it, I am very grateful that it stops the severe sweating, hot flashes, shakiness and weakness that comes if I miss it for a day or two.  It did not prevent osteoporosis.  I do look 15  years younger than I should - possible good side effect. 23 years and no problems."
"Taking Vesicare for overactive bladder and bladder irritation. I have been on this for over one year. It helped somewhat for the overactive bladder and irritation. Makes my mouth very dry and blurred my vision pretty bad. I don&#039;t know if I will continue this medication as I do not think the side effects are worth it. Also made me BLOATED."
"I am a72 year old woman previously very active hiking daily, yoga daily. I fell and tore minuscus in three places...4 doctors have told me to do knee replacements...however I have chosen to do Orthovisc 4 shots every 6 months....as long as I do strengthening exercise I am 90% pain free..however cannot hike hills or mountains and yoga is limited...but can swim and bicycle..Since I know so many with complications from knee surgeries....I will continue on this route. Mind you I lead a very full life and on my feet at least 9 hours a day...."
"I am a serious worry wort when it comes to periods and pregnancy, so last year I asked my doctor for a birth control pill that would give me regular periods. She recommended Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo, and I could not be happier. I have a period every 28 days on the dot, and it&#039;s only heavy for a few days, with two days of light bleeding that I hardly notice with a liner.

I&#039;ve been on it for a year now and have had zero side effects. No change in appetite, no change in acne - actually, some of my cystic acne has cleared up! No mood swings, and my cramps are MUCH better; I used to get cramps so bad I&#039;d vomit from the pain, but now I only have slight discomfort for a few hours. And best of all: no pregnancy! If you want a combined oral contraceptive pill, this is the best!"
"Just Switched from Synthroid.
I had been on Synthroid for about 9 years. No fillers.No Brain fog.So Far I feel really good. A lot more Expensive.
But I Don&#039;t Care.. A lot more Energy. Much better medicine.
Try it!"
"Been using for 2 weeks straight now and it seems to be controlling the hot flashes during the day. I am still experiencing the night sweats, but I want to give a couple more weeks to fully get into my system."
"From day 2 of taking this medication I suffered all the major side effects you are told about plus the ones you have to search for, the worst being a permanent headache and wanting to sleep constantly.  After 2 weeks of use my pharmacist told me to stop taking the tablets, this was over a week ago and the side effects still persist, have had to visit my doctor who doesn&#039;t know the half life of this medicine (it was prescribed by my surgeon). I have had to have blood and urine tests and won&#039;t know what damage has been done until I get the results back.  I can&#039;t even drive until the symptoms settle."
"750 mg for 7 days home health and approx four days of hospitalization on levaquin. Drug is given once a day via IV. I am severely itchy at this point, not much is helping. Some temporary quick fixes with dr. Teals body oil. Last dose tomorrow, I feel weak, tired and have have the occasional muscle spasms accompiened by a nasty rash all over my legs, arms and stomach. It feels awful. I am ready to get off the meds tomorrow and hopefully the sleep insomnia will subside along with the muscle spasms."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon for about a year and have had nothing but problems. I have bled everyday since I got it.. and when I asked the doctor about it he told me there&#039;s nothing he can do. I get headaches all the time which I never got before. I&#039;m going to get it out!"
"When I say I&#039;ve tried almost everything on the acne on my chest, I really mean it. I broke out all over my torso, upper arms and forehead on holiday when I was 13 and have been in and out of dermatologists ever since. I&#039;ve tried pills, lotions, changing my diet etc and had no results. I&#039;ve even been on accutane for four months. I tried one last time and my derm gave me Epiduo. I&#039;m not going to lie, my skin was unbelievably itchy, red and irritated for a while but I began to see results quite quickly. I&#039;ve been on it for 3 months now and I can honestly say I&#039;ve never been this clear. Going to see if every other day will keep it going. Might not work for everyone but certainly worked for me."
"My wife has a rare aggressive cancer called plasmablastic lymphoma  PBL she has been on numerous chemos over 8 months which knocked it out of everywhere except the liver. She was accepted to go on Revlimid  25mg (it&#039;s still a trial drug in Australia) she took a total of 7 pills over 9 days with dexamethasone the first 4 days. Bottom line she almost had acute liver failure, it nearly killed her. She still hasn&#039;t fully recovered from it a month ago. 
Not saying it want work for others but be very cautious with this drug a watch the patient for reactions."
"This is great for getting off any prescription meds. I was addicted to pain killers, then started suboxone. Wow. Works great. Still a little discomfort coming off the suboxone, but nothing like trying to stop straight from pain killers. If you really want to get off pain killers, this is it. But don&#039;t be a fool and use pain killers and then use subozone as a back up, you will never get better. You must be willing to stop all pain killers for good, 1 year later I took a pain killer and threw me into withdrawals."
"I&#039;ve used this a few times for uti symptoms. Knocks me out but I&#039;d gladly take that over pain. Does seem to make my urine burn the next day though."
"AMAZING. Valtrex 2 grams in the morning (first noticed) within 4 hours, they began drying up already. Took 2 more grams 12 hours from first dosage. Then for next 5 days, took 500mg twice daily. It was healed by 4th day. Literally amazing.  Brand Valtrex also-seems to work better than the generics, at least for me and am now on a suppressive to prevent outbreaks. "
"Started out on generic XL 150mg/day taken in am.  After 2 weeks, started seeing results;  feeling great all day with occasional depression at the end of day.  Doc increased to XL 300 mg/day.  Big improvement - more energy/motivation, no problem with any side effects except for welcomed weight loss!  Dropped 18 lbs in two months. Real easy to diet on this med!"
"Got some notable relief from bursitis pain in the shoulder but side effects became unbearable an hour after each dose. Lightheadedness upon standing, fatigue, abdominal nausea and cramping. Dr. changed to Prednisone 20mg with immediate results and no side effects."
"Hello..I want to share my experience. I was in the ER for ear pain. I got prescribe Amoxicillin/clavulate because I had an ear perforated...it was Friday evening and ENT was already closed. For two days I was feeling heart palpitation and my chest tight, but I thought maybe because am sick with an ear rupture. Monday I went to my Dr. at the ENT they took my vitals and my pulse was at 98 (my pulse is always at 80) and because my mind was not all there didn&#039;t think of the medicine. I went ahead and did some research and its my meds...am so glad that my ear was fine, what they saw at the ER was an old scratch. I stopped taking the medicine and feeling much better..hopefully this is help somebody whos going thru the same thing."
"I have an oily face and bad acne usually around once a month. I started applying Epiduo every night, and saw results immediately. My face was clear and non-oily. Then within a couple days, my face became over dry and it hurt and burned to put it on at night. It was miserable but only lasted the 1st week. My face then returned to it&#039;s normal oily level, but while also having the roughness of dry skin and peely skin in some spots. My face was also extremely red and sensitive, and my acne was much worse. After about 1 month, I decided to stop using it every night and only apply it on acne when needed and it is so much better this way. Face is no longer overly sensitive and red. 

Side note, this does bleach towels/pillowcases/etc."
"So ive been on the shot for 4 months now and ALL I CAN SAY IS THANK U. IM ALIVE AGAIN AND SO GREATFUL AND HAPPY!! Got my life back. Im a better mother and person.. This shot saved my life. No cravings No thoughts about percs!! Just living life LIKE WE ALL DESERVE!! Xoxo NEVER GIVE UP!! Its the best choice in life u will ever make!!!"
"I lost my darling husband 5 weeks ago. My doctor gave me Lorazepam 0.50 mg. I still get upset but I&#039;m much better than I was. The crying and not eating was making me feel so much worse. These pills are a God send."
"I wish I could say the taste was the worst part. For me it was the two glasses of water you are required to drink after the first 16 ounces of Medicine. Apparently I drank it too fast as it bloated me up till I thought I would burst. Tried to burp but threw water up in my mouth. And like so many others here I am dreading the second dose at 2 a.m."
"I have been on the patch for a month now. I absolutely love it! I have tried the pill and was having the worst headaches of my life and I was already on the lowest dosage. I gave up on the pill after 3 months. I have finished my fist month and have experienced no weight gain, mood swings, depression or headaches. The only side effects I have experienced are my breasts have grown slightly and become slightly tender before I get my period and I have a little bit more cramping when on my period. Besides these side effects I honestly feel like I&#039;m on no birth control. The only negative I would say is that the patch can begin to peel which is easily fixable with cusion tape. I have PCOS and the patch has been the best option for me!"
"I could not tell that Humira did a lot to improve my RA.  It may have slowed the condition/symptoms down some, but in no way did it stop my condition.  I realize Humira is not a cure, it just didn&#039;t do a lot for me.  I had no obvious side effects though."
"No seizures"
"I was on the Mirena for 4 months, and I received it after having my first child. At first, it was amazing. Insertion did not hurt me what so ever. I did take medicine afterwards, but the day after I felt back to normal. Now, a few months later, all the side effects are popping up. I felt alone, depressed, and suicidal. I felt like I was drowning. I have constant headaches, a weight gain of 20 pounds in FOUR months. I thought this was all just due to my new postpartum life, but after reading others saying they gained weight I decided to get it out. Sex is incredibly painful for me and feels like I&#039;m being stabbed. Periods lasting 2 weeks, then off 2 weeks, then again. This drug is terrible, although I really wish it had worked for me."
"Have been on 30mg for one week and 60mg for 2 weeks still no improvement in my depression, have lots of side effects like  very spaced out feeling at times, no motivation, low libido. "
"I&#039;m a 21 year old , little over weight with a hormone deficiency called pcos . My
Doctor put me on Lolo for 3 months . For the first month my period was very heavy and painful and then a week letter I got my period once again , by the second time I only got my period once however it still was very painful . When I did get my period naturally ( off the pill ) it was very light and non painful . By the 3rd month I bleed for 3 straight weeks and had bad cramps . It did give me clear skin . However I did had a decrease in my sex drive and painful intercourse . I would not recommend this pill ."
"I take it as needed, I have depression and it gets out of control at time, I take 1 mg. and in 10 - 15 minutes I am ok."
"I came on here to write a good review because I feel like people are so quick to put their opinions out if a medication is bad way before if it is good for them! With that being said, if you are on here because you just started taking this medicine or just prescribed it and haven&#039;t started it, its sooo important to remember YOUR body isn&#039;t like another woman&#039;s, birth control effects everyone different so don&#039;t let some of these scary/bad reviews scare you( you&#039;ll find them under every type of BC review). What may be great for you, might be horrible for someone else. This is great for me!"
"Had this given 7 days ago. Initial pressure and pain with injection and a after injection pain rush but then ok. Not as sore as having Flu shot afterward. Piece of cake and glad to hope that I do not end up with Pneumonia as that  was really not fun at all. In the hospital for two weeks and weak as a kitten. If you need it, get it."
"Magical Product!! I didn&#039;t expect such results. I used it for 3  weeks, didn&#039;t complete the 4th week and I am not taking any dosage now since 2 weeks. Smoked about 2 during that time and the taste was disgusting. Side effects are very minimal. Highly recommended for people who want to quit. 

The urge to smoke vanishes within days, but the habit remains. Like I used to go for smoking at work every hour. Now after every hour I stand up as part of my habit. But smoking is what I dislike. If you want to quit you should give it a try."
"This is not a complete review because I&#039;ve only been taking Sertraline for a short time, but it may help new users on side effects. I started noticing right away I was happier, but I also had a lot of the uncommon side effects like drug-induced panic attacks and jitters among others. The doctor told me to continue so I hope those feelings subside because that&#039;s the reason I began this medication in the first place - not to have them! Crossing fingers."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication only one week but am cautiously very optimistic. Prior to this I was on citalopram but still feeling very low and sleeping poorly, feeling like I needed to be in bed 12-16 hours a day. Now I am waking naturally after only 8 hours sleep and finding it much easier to concentrate at work. I can hardly believe it is working so quickly but I feel so much better. I&#039;ve had no side effects."
"My nasal congestion hasn&#039;t gotten any better, I&#039;ve experienced no relief. However, I am writing this at 4 in the morning, so this medicine gave me both insomnia and shaky/jitteriness. "
"I have been dealing with chronic neck to lower back pain. Just found out I have degenerative disc disease and have three bulges up in my neck, with also bone spurs growing off my vertabrae. I currently am taking two 7.5mg/325 Norcos 4 times a day with four 5mg Valium that&#039;s for my constant muscle spasms and cramps all over my back and legs. At this point I&#039;m seeing my doctor in a week so I can get my strength on Norcos increased or go on to Oxycontin. My pain never goes away and it&#039;s sad when you are only a 27 male, married with two kids 4 and 8 years old."
"In the first  2 weeks of taking these I gained 5 lbs easy. It might just be water weight (I have read that, that is normal) but it is definitely noticeable! In addition to the gained weight I am nauseous ALL THE TIME and have constant headaches. I am a freakishly healthy eater, I exercise 6 days a weeks and all this has stayed the same. The only thing that I have changed in my routine is the inclusion of this medication. After reading about the experiences of others that are similar to mine I&#039;m going off of it ASAP."
"This birth control made me miserable. I could not even take it for one whole week. Immediately after taking it I started to feel sick. I had a headache every day after starting to take this pill. It made me feel tired, lazy, depressed. It seriously made me feel like I was pregnant all over again!!! I also felt really bloated right after taking it. My pharmacist recommended it because my new insurance wouldn&#039;t cover my old bc Pimtrea. They said it would be basically the same and it definitely was not. I know everyones body responds differently but this one has been the worst for me. I have been taking birth control for 15 years and this is the only one that has ever made me feel sick."
"I have been on Celexa for about 15 years and it&#039;s great. The only symptoms at first were dry mouth and yawning which eventually went away. I tried about 2 years ago to wean myself off with my doctors help and I had a horrible relapse so I am going to stay on Celexa as long as my doctor allows me. I actually feel normal all the time and very balanced."
"Took tamoxifen 9 months. Extreme bruising. Switched to Arimidex. After 4 weeks, extreme pain in hand. Next severe headaches. Each month brought increased pain in thumbs, hand, feet, long leg bones. Joints hurt, wrists weaken every month. After 10 months became depressed and had insomnia. Finally, had enough and stopped. Within, 2 weeks long bone pain went away. I still have some knee pain, trigger finger, and wrist weakness and its been 3 months. Doctor switching to Aromasin next month."
"I am now 55 years old.  I started developing acne when I was 14 .  It became so severe that my parents took me to a dermatologist.  This was back in the 1970s when all that was available were antibiotics and infrared light treatment.  It worked on and off, but after several years my body built up a resistance to the antibiotics and the severe acne returned.  I was prescribed accutane when I was 29.  My acne cleared up in 3 days!  I had some mild side effects: dry skin, dry lips (which continue to this day).  But my skin is crystal clear and has been for almost 30 years!!!  I highly recommend this wonderful medication.  I don&#039;t know what my life would have been like without it,"
"
For me it was incredible, in few hours I saw the improvement, without side effects, always take it with food. Truly effective, to eliminate the annoying symptoms of a bad flu."
"My sister is in town trying to find Uristat; she has been to 2 drug stores.  No luck.  I have used this product for 40 years.  Description says does not cure Urinary tract infection.  This is a misnomer.  This is a wonderful product with no side effects and I am very sensitive to medication.  I rate this very, very highly."
"I took Lunesta only for a few days because it gave me unpleasant taste. It was really bad. Then I switched to Ambien. It was better than Lunesta, but there was a residual effect that the medicine made me irritable and anxious next morning. My doctor gave me Silenor. It is better than Ambien CR. I do not feel anxious or irritable next morning and I can sleep 8 hours. The only side effect, though very minor, is that it makes me sluggish a little. But, overall, Silenor is better than Ambien CR. "
"I was 41 when I was diagnosed in 4/98 and took Copaxone until 9/99. I was one of the lab rats in the original Tysabri trials.  Then the FDA approved it and removed from the market due to PML.  My MS came with a back with a vengeance &amp; I was still on Copaxone.  I got back on Tysabri in 4/07. I am almost 56 now and still working full time. I still go to the gym relatively regularly and lead a good life. If your immune system is okay other than MS, have not taken any nasty immune suppressing medicines and if they test you and you do not have the JC virus its a no brainer.  If you have the JC virus its more complicated.  My MS is still not easy but its my best option. Look at the stats vs. other options.  Good Luck!"
"I&#039;ve been on lol for about 5 months now. I have experienced heavy bleeding for weeks at one point. But for the most part my biggest complaint is the mood swings that I&#039;m getting. It&#039;s getting to the point where I am unable to control my emotions, I feel angry mid pack for no reason. It has definitely strained my relationships. I also receive random headaches. I&#039;m not taking this pill anymore. For the most part it does help prevent pregnancy."
"I too am in constant pain mobic worked wonders but stomach wouldn&#039;t tolerate it. My dr gave me 7.5 twice a day instead of 15 amazing results."
"Lamotrigine was the first medication I was prescribed after being diagnosed with bipolar II at 32 years old.

Almost immediately, I felt more even. As I was titrated from 25 mg to 250 mg over a few months, I was lifted out of a severe, crippling depression. Lamotrigine is my %u201Cpep%u201D drug because it works for me as an antidepressant. 

I did go manic on it a couple times when the medication dosage was increased and had to go on a second medication (Neurontin) to %u201Cbring me down.%u201D But the two meds together work to even me out. 

Overall, I think this is a great medication. I%u2019ve had no major side effects except severe insomnia but the second medication   sleeping medication help manage that."
"Best medicine to open your ears and sinuses when they are really congested. I have tried everything. The name brand is great but the store brands or generic brands can cause rapid heart rate even though they say that they are supposed to be the same they are not."
"This the first time I have my cholesterol under control in30 years dropped from 388 to166 after 4 months. It is very expensive though hope price is reduced soon im lucky to be getting help from the Patient Access Network.i worry about this help being stopped in the future which will cause me to stop taking it and having to go back to the medications I used to take which did nothing for me"
"Started on this 6 months ago.  My own personal miracle drug.  I had never known peace or stability before Lamictal.  I hope to stay on it forever, and also hope it continues working this well."
"I&#039;m only 40 years old and after a life time of urgency and frequency - Myrbetriq has changed everything! I can remember being in my early teens and having dreadful pain throughout the day - it&#039;s been like that until now. I&#039;ve been on 50mg for about 3 weeks now no really side effect yet.  Except one that puzzles me - somehow it&#039;s relieved body and joint pain I&#039;ve had for years. I have a couple of autoimmune diseases, so I always thought that pain was caused by that - and my doctors treated me for it too. I&#039;ve tried finding information on if Myrbetriq somehow helps with pain, but I haven&#039;t found anything on it. Perhaps it&#039;s jjust a reaction I&#039;ve had? It&#039;s just odd and I&#039;m not one to just to conclusion but I can&#039;t help assume."
"over a period of time, apriso caused me wasting of muscles (motor neuron disease)"
"i have a meeting in 45 minutes and my vagina couldn&#039;t be anymore itchy. there is no pain, but there is SO MUCH ITCHING AND ITS ALL THE WAY UP. THE CREAM CANT GET TO IT. I&#039;m crying hysterically trying to ice it and feel some type of relief but nothing is working. i know it works which is why i took it, but PLEASE THINK TWICEEEE OMGGGGG..."
"I am someone that does NOT like to take medication.  I am an adult and I found out I was ADD back about 5 years ago and started taking Strattera for it.  I  am a slow metabolizer so was using 10 mg per day of Strattera.  Recently I felt the need to add some additional medication to help me focus a little better.  In reading about Daytrana, the thing I liked about it was that I knew I could cut the patch down in size (to 1/2 or 1/4) if I felt the dose was too high.  I usually am VERY sensitive to adhesives, but I&#039;ve been on it about 2 weeks now and have not had a problem at all. I clean the site where the patch had been with alcohol after I take it off and have not had any skin reactions.  The product is GREAT (10 mg dose patch)."
"I am 62 years old on Adderall XL for ADD, on the medication for 4 years now. I find that Adderall does help when I first take it but seems to wear off as the day goes on. I get very sleepy while on the medication and have no problem with my appetite (no weight loss at all). I asked my Doctor to raise my dosage (I am taking 20mg per day) but he does not want to do it because of my age and concerns that it may affect my blood pressure, even though my pressure is normal now. I have no side effects at all from this medicine, just it is not helping my concentration as much as it did in the beginning, I think after a while the effectiveness wears off and an adjustment in dosage is needed."
"I have had a terrible time with blood pressure medicine.  I received 25 mg on Hydrochlorothiazide but after lab work my doctor said I was losing too much potassium so he took me off it.  He then had me take Triamterene, 37.5-5.25 mg tablet.  This medicine gave me potassium but also had two diuretics.  I experienced increased bruising and weakness in my legs and cramping in my lower legs that it was very difficult to get out of the pool after exercising.  I am  now taking Amlodipine 5 mg tablet.  My ankles and feet swell up something awful, my legs feel very swollen as well and I have developed a terrible rash across my breasts.  I am a 63 year old female."
"I have taken 150 mg of this drug for 3 and a half years for condition known as Benign Epilepsy. In that time I&#039;ve continued to have seizure every six months on average as well as experiencing a number of negative side effects including, insomnia, constant sighing, impaired short term memory, lack of motivation, depressive thoughts and difficulty completing tasks due to lack of motivation."
"It burns at the beginning but within a few minutes stops the pain associated with severe psoriasis. It numbs the affected area for relief."
"Made my symptoms worse and caused even more issues. The pain from the injection wasn&#039;t bad but the side effects were horrible. I say avoid this drug"
"I was on Seasonique for the past 4+ years.  I absolutely loved it.  I never spotted in between periods or had any other problems.  Before I started I had some minor breakouts, but once on the pill my face cleared up completely.  The only change I did have was prior to Seasonique I never cramped with any of my periods and while on the pill I had moderate/severe cramping for the first few days of all my periods.  Now my husband and I are trying to concieve and I have been off the pill for almost the last two months and I&#039;m still waiting for my first period to start.  I have been told this is normal once leaving any birth control."
"I have crohns disease, emetephobia &amp; i also take quite a few pain meds for chronic pain all of which make me extremely nauseous so i suffer nausea allooot! Ondansetron is a life safer for me i take 4 mg every 8-12hrs on a good day some days i take 8mg if its really bad! Ive been taking it daily for nearly 6 months and it is still as affective as the first time i took it! I live in the uk so am fortunate that i dont have too pay eye watering prices. Id reccomend too anybody its brilliant"
"I didn&#039;t use it long enough to see if it would prevent my monthly migraine but I wanted to share the side effects I experienced.  I started with 25 milligrams twice a day for 7 days and felt ok but did experience some tingling in my feet and fingers.  Then I increased to 50 milligrams twice a day per doctor&#039;s order and things really changed.  I started having the craziest dreams every night.  Tingling was very pronounced every day in feet and hands.  I couldn&#039;t get out of bed easily. I felt very lethargic and really like a zombie. I kind of had a flat affect and felt very robotic at times. Other times I was very depressed and irritable or even angry.  I stopped taking it. Also was hungry all the time. That was not normal for me at all."
"Ive been on this medication for around 3.5 wks now &amp; the difference is amazing. Pro&#039;s - My temper has calmed considerably, I don&#039;t feel foggy or anxious the whole time, I can sleep &amp; the most amazing thing is that the Bulimia episodes have pretty much stopped altogether! Con&#039;s - I have pretty much no appetite to the extent that I remind myself to eat or I feel ill, a bit of dizziness, really tired first couple of weeks but now I feel like I have lots of energy, upset stomach a few times. Its only early days but I&#039;m actually laughing &amp; feel human again! I&#039;m hoping that these help me to resolve issues going forward."
"I&#039;ve used NuvaRing for over two months now, and when I first started using it I had stomach pains (like cramps) for two days, but since then nothing. I can&#039;t feel the ring, neither can my partner, and it has never fallen out. Slightly dryer than usual, but not disturbingly. Other than that, I&#039;m completely normal; no acne, no mood change, no weight gain, nothing. I love it."
"I&#039;ve used Ortho for 17yrs off &amp; on. I have PCOs, PMDD &amp; painful uterine fibroids. This is the only pill that stops the most heaviest of bleeding within 24-32hr for me! Stops the horrid pain of my fibroids &amp; cysts. I&#039;ve never gained weight from it, it&#039;s always cleared up my skin &amp; periods are 60% less painful &amp; the flow is low &amp; short lived! This one has always been perfect for me."
"I started Harvoni Feb 2 with a viral load of 8,230,000 
 After 1 month now it says. Hepatitis C Quantitation
HCV Not Detected. Two more months This medicine is a miracle drug.
 Thank you for Gilead"
"Medicine was effective to a degree it ameliorated muscle pain, joint inflammation, and mild-to-severe headaches.  Inflammation/rash in upper body area (predominantly on the back) occurred within a week of beginning three-week regimen--persisted until end of ingestion; though it faded in both discoloration and swelling, as well as itching, over time.  Some blurred vision and intestinal discomfort occurred, but was not debilitating to any significant degree.  While fatigue was lessened somewhat, it did not preclude a general feeling of somnambulism or sleepiness; which my physician says may persist for a few weeks or even months. Overall, I&#039;d rate this as an effective medication against the Lyme Disease I developed."
"I have had this for two months. I am still breast feeding my youngest so my period has yet to return.

There has been no pain or spotting or bleeding whatsoever.

The only difference so far is increased in vaginal dryness but that could be attributed to the breastfeeding and getting older.

My family doctor said to get the IUD replaced after five years because the wires may disintegrate in the acidic environment of the vagina making the removal process difficult. Even if the copper IUD says 10 years."
"I like Camrese. I used to take Seasonique but changed insurance and now Camrese is free. I had some spotting, but it went away promptly. I never had a lot of spotting and I never get my period every month off of birth control anyways, probably due to low vitamins and/or low weight. Camrese made me breakout with a lot of blackheads on my chin and around my mouth. Non-smoker, 26, had been taking Seasonique since 15 so about 11 yrs. Camrese makes me feel hungrier. Mood is pretty average PMS seems a bit more intense. But it&#039;s free and it&#039;s keeping me from getting pregnant."
"I&#039;ve been taking Seasonique for almost 10 years.  I&#039;ve tried the shot and nexplanon and I hands down prefer Seasonique.  I don&#039;t think I could ever go back to having a monthly cycle.  I haven&#039;t noticed any major side effects.  I do suffer from migraines; however, I had migraines even when I wasn&#039;t taking Seasonique so I don&#039;t think the two are connected."
"I really like Implanon. Especially the part of not remember to take the pill. Plus I always gained weight from estrogen pills and soon as I went off the pill I lost 23lbs in two months. Once I had Implanon inserted back in February 2009 my period lasted a little longer than normal (2 weeks) and then it stopped.  It is now March 2010 and I had some light bleeding.  I am also taking Doycycline which I thought could have caused the bleeding.. but according to studies it is supposed to stop it. Oh and one negative thing is acne.. never had an issue before this. But otherwise works great at preventing pregnancies."
"I used this medication for neurogenic bladder with constant UTI&#039;s. It helped my bladder, but I got dry mouth and severe sinus swelling.  I  was unable to breath out my nose and eventually got sinusitis and had to stop the medication after 3 months."
"I&#039;ve had the implanon for one year and I&#039;m getting it taken out next week, cant wait! It is really great for birth control, was free to get and I didn&#039;t get a period for the whole year... but the side effects are not worth it!! I have gained 15kgs! (I always used to be skinny) I get headaches and body pains almost everyday. Oh and the mood... I get anxiety and depression so badly this past year. I went from a fit, skinny, happy, normal 22 year old... and now I am chubby, miserable and sore everyday. Do not get this."
"This drug helped me a lot when I suffered a severe depression about a year ago. "
"Am a 36 yr old male, Celtic bloodlines both sides and until 9 years ago of suitably pale disposition! Have rosacea for 9 yrs and have been on antibiotics (minocin 50mg) for 8 of them, along with annual IPL therapy. Was off the minocin until last week for a year when my dermatologist put me on 100mg and also prescribed me Mirvaso. I seem to have a reaction to the 100mg with red blotches and spots, so after 3 days I tried the Mirvaso. Used 3 times over 4 days. Worked a dream the first day, but effectiveness wore off. Last 2 days have suffered very very bad rebound flushing, tingling on cheeks followed by burning sensation. Hottest parts of flushing nearly purple. Booked in for IPL today to try and reduce redness/purpleness. Avoid."
"Testim was my first product for low testosterone, I found it quick to work, and it brought my very low levels to mid 400s. I found that my sexual desire was sometimes uncontrollable on this product as compared to Axiron which seems more steady. Also, the smell is musky and bothersome to me as I don&#039;t wear cologne.  One side effect I had was quick hair loss.  This leveled off after a while and it is a known side effect.  I liked using the tubes, because I knew how much was going on my body and how much I had left.  This is a positive."
"I had to write about this awesome medicine. I have been sick for about a year. I couldn&#039;t do anything.  I had been from doctor to doctor, no one knew what was wrong with me. I went to an awesome rheumatologist, she did a ton of tests and X-rays and waved her magic wand and said I had fribromyalgia.  I was so relieved to be diagnosed.  She gave me the Savella.  Now she is titrating me very slowly.  Giving me 2 titrating packs so taking twice as long, 4 weeks.  It does have lots of side effects, I agree, but I can walk freely.  I can run my own errands.  For several hours in a row I actually feel like my old self again.  That is worth every side effect.  I am losing weight.  No complaints here.  I love it."
"Oxycontin helped me through pain from a recent auto accident. "
"Clomid did what it was supposed to do as far as making me ovulate.  However, I experienced a lot of pain, fullness, and bloating during ovulation time.  I also gained 10  pounds during the 3 months that I took Clomid.  "
"I always had panic attacks.  I&#039;m now 43 and klonopin wasn&#039;t really working anymore.  The propranolol works great.  I recommend this med it saved my life"
"This is my first experience and I just pray I never have to do it again! Drinking this stuff was harrowing and I don&#039;t know how I&#039;m going to get through the second dosage. After one sip I knew I was in trouble! I called my doctor&#039;s office and they said it would be ok to mix the 16 oz cup with ginger ale. So I took 4 oz of the mixture and mixed it into a tall glass of ginger ale. But then they called me back and said I shouldn&#039;t do that and that I shouldn&#039;t sip it, best to drink all at once. Nightmare! So I just took a deep breath and finished it. I was sure I would throw up, but luckily I didn&#039;t. I ran to the bathroom to rinse out my mouth with cold water. Then on the toilet for two hours. It works!"
"I have suffered from urinary urge incontinence for a number of years.  It has gotten worse over time until now, I have had no control at all.  My doctor prescribed Vesicare and I have been taking it for two days so far.  I can&#039;t believe the difference.  I am now able to control the urge and even postpone the length of time between toilet visits.  It will be so nice to be able to leave home and not worry that I&#039;d better pass a toilet every half hour while I am gone."
"I was prescribed 15 mg for acute insomnia and the first night I fell asleep so well, it felt like my eye lids were heavy, then the vivid dream came.  This continued for a week, and I was so groggy, had trouble coming out, but it is supposed to work better the longer you take it, and I am sorry I did not use this medicine longer.  I am going to get it again and try a full 30 days and see. Looking forward to a nights sleep.  Ambien is great, but the side effects are too much for me, but everyone reacts differently to these medicines."
"I&#039;ve had acne since like the 7th grade and I didn&#039;t really bother to do anything about it because it wasn&#039;t bad but at the end of 8th grade it got worse so I went to a dermatologist and she prescribed Epiduo to me and I used it and had clear skin for almost the whole summer, but in August when school started my face started getting horribly dry and peeling and it hurt. So I went back to the derm. and she prescribed Differin (0.3%) gel and I&#039;ve been using it now for 4 months and it works great! I have to say it does get worse before it gets better. "
"I took Ambien for years and it helped me sleep, at first. Then, instead of sleeping I would walk around without any memory of it. I gained weight from eating without any memory. I think Ambien could be great for occasional insomnia but I don&#039;t recommend it for long term use."
"Lexapro has been a God send for me. I started off with 10 mg and it didn&#039;t do a thing, so I was increased to 20 mg, and wow what a difference. I now find myself actually starting conversations with people - something the pre-Lexapro me could have never dreamed. I feel so much more relaxed - like a real person, finally. No side effects at all either except it definitely increases the effects of alcohol. Didn&#039;t really do much for my depression, but I think just feeling less anxious is helping it along."
"I&#039;m in the final year of my 5. Having spent the vast majority of the last 3 years with no bleeding I&#039;m now having a period or something. Has been 4 days now, should I be concerned? Advice please"
"Helped me with alcohol, opioid and Adderall addictions. Keeps me focused and takes all depression symptoms away. Highly recommended for people with alcohol and substance abuse issues."
"Was on methadone for 4 years, worked well."
"Been on it for 4 weeks, started of with the meanest night sweats like somebody threw a bucket of water on me, my appetite is more controlled meaning I get full fast, and when I first started I had the worst fatigue ever but everything is fine now just dull cramps every here and there."
"Used mervosa for just a few days and every day when the medicine wore off my face got progressively worse with extreme redness and a burning sensation. My face is hot and I will never try anything unnatural on my face again. I should have been more wary of my dermatologist when recommended cataphil after I told him I don&#039;t use anything with parabens or suldates in it. Lesson learned, I suppose....."
"Yes, this medication works to eliminate symptoms of allergies, however I had a big issue with - what I&#039;m assuming is - a side effect of the medication. When I took the medication my personality immediately changed; I actually became less talkative and happy and it severely affected my life to the point where I randomly started crying during school. I&#039;m assuming that the medication put me in a depression-esque state (I&#039;ve never had depression before so I can&#039;t say for sure) but it altered my personality in ways my personality has never changed for the three days I took it and people noticed. It was honestly terrifying. Be wary of the side effects when taking this medication."
"I am thinking faster and have less pains in my legs and chest."
"I&#039;ve been using tretinoin 0.25 for almost 3 months now and I&#039;m on the purging stage and it stinks. Hopefully my face gets where it should be like everyone says. I&#039;m really waiting for my face to be clear again."
"Lifted me out of a deep, dark depression at 450 mg/day combined with Remeron 45 mg/day."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for around 2 years and the first year was fine. Completely forgotten TBH. The last few months however, I&#039;ve had really horrible mood swings and been extremely depressed. At first I thought maybe I wasn&#039;t mentally healthy but after reading such high statistics that the implant does in fact provoke depression I&#039;m certain the implant is making me feel this way. I sincerely hope no one goes through what I did!! It&#039;s caused such fights in my life because I&#039;ve had extreme anger and upset."
"I have smoked for 32 years and I&#039;ve tried everything to stop. I have now gone on to the Inhaler. Omg I can&#039;t believe it works..... When I feel the need to smoke I grab it and the urge goes straight away"
"It was great to bring the viral load quickly to undetectable but otherwise it was not a great experience. Was on it for about 8 months.. Head aches, fatigue, weirdest dreams, irritability, depression and almost commit suicide. 
Got off that drug and a few days later I started to feel like myself again..."
"Without Emla cream I don&#039;t know how I would have made it through my cancer treatments...Thank you so much. I am now finding it impossible to find Emla. My pharmacy have told me it has stopped being manufactured...is this true...Please say NO."
"Took one tablet at 10pm last night and I woke at 2am with the worst cramps I have ever had. Last year I gave birth without pain relief and honestly the cramps were close to the pain if had then. I was shaking, I was hot and came close to collapsing I was so weak and dizzy. Yes I did go to the toilet but I would rather be constipated than have to go through that again. It&#039;s now 8am the next day and after having hardly any sleep I still feel sick and weak"
"I have been taking Buspar for over 2 years and have had a lot of success. Recently had to increase my dosage to 15mg twice a day as my anxiety started to increase this past summer for no apparent reason. I also take 60mg of Cymbalta every other day but think the Buspar is what really is working for me. I feel for all people that have issues with anxiety! It&#039;s the worst and horrible to go through. Hopefully Buspar will keep working for me."
"This is the only medicine that totally helps me.  I seldom have to take Alprazolam or Valium with the Effexor.  I tried switching to Cymbalta for nerve pain..what a mistake.  I am back on Effexor. "
"Well I payed 40$ for something that make makes me throw up and get a bad headache ?? I am only on second dose and I pray tonight I don&#039;t vomit lol why is this a side effect ?? I don&#039;t get it :( after last nights episode I was scared to
Even take this tonight but I did lol"
"im 18 and this is my first time with a YI. My mom recommended and bought me the Meijer brand Miconazole Nitrate Vaginal insert 1 day treatment. Instant and lasting relief from the cream. I used the insert before bed and a little burning occurred but not much. Now it&#039;s 3am and it started to leak out and I&#039;ve never had this bad of an itch and burn before. The infection was not even this bad. It&#039;s driving me nuts and before I found this page I almost went and woke up my mom. It&#039;s starting to cool on the itching but the burning is still there. I&#039;m not enjoying this product! Hoping for the best!"
"My Doctor put me on 10 mg of Amplodipine for high blood pressure.But he had to take it down to 2.5 mg because I was getting dizzy and had double vision  While it does bring my bp down the side effects are just to much to handle. One hour after taking this medication I get extreme anxiety along with head aches and not sleeping very well at night like I used to. I also noticed a lot of fatigue.I will be asking my doctor to take me off this medication and switch it to some thing with less side effects........."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 10 years now and it&#039;s been great up until about a year ago.  I&#039;m 33 year old now and have experianced depression and angry mood swings a week prior to my period. 1 week after my period I experiance increased libido, 2 weeks after I break out, then the cycle repeats all over again. I have never had acne, not even as a teen. I believe that my hormones are just changing due to aging and I will speak to my doctor about slightly increasing my estrogen level through a different pill."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and started having breakouts in the beginning of puberty. Even though it&#039;s a part of your hormones changing and stuff I am really insecure about acne of my jawline and chest area. My dad took me to a dermatologist and I got prescribed Differin. I&#039;ve used the cream for about 2 weeks and can start to see small improvements. However, I have started getting flaky skin as well. Overall it&#039;s a good product but you need to be patient."
"I have been taking Zometa for Breast Cancer with Metastasis to the bones and have been on it 8 months now and I have only had minor aches and pains... no major complications from the drug."
"This is an update of my use of Seroquel. I have been on 800 mg./day for over a year now. My doctor had to keep increasing the dose due to stubborn anxiety/depression. My moods have calmed down a lot, not so many highs and lows. I do still see a therapist which helps with coping with life stresses and behavioral difficulties. I sleep a lot, between 8-10 hours nightly. I still take a small amount of Ambien just to help shut down the racing thoughts in my mind. I am having a hard time with my weight. I want to eat the wrong things all the time. I&#039;m 15lbs. heavier now then I was before taking Seroquel, but the Wellbutrin I was on made me not want to eat ever again so I was way under weight, 125lbs. at 5&quot;8&#039; tall."
"Latuda so far has been the best medicine I&#039;ve taken.  Geodon made me really shaky but not with Latuda.  I have not gained any weight, more focused, more energy.  I am able to complete my tasks throughout the day.  Overall I feel happy and don&#039;t find the need to want to lie around all day and watch T.V. I am very pleased with Latuda."
"I was suffering with anxiety with constant running thoughts and feeling overwhelmed. I did 1 on 1 counselling sessions then took the next step by trying medication. I&#039;ve never been prescribed medication nor take any thing even if I have a headache. I was started on 25mg once a day and now have been on it for about 4 weeks. I must say this has been the one of the best choices I have ever made. I immediately felt relieved from anxious thoughts and stress . I am more calm and can think clearly without worrying. At first yes I experienced very moderate side effects like the blurred vision, light, fogginess but it takes time for your brain neurons to adjust. I would say after 4 days of taking it I felt fine. I finally have my life back !!!"
"Easy to use and once a week is great. Not many problems with it giving me too low blood sugar. The injector is easy to use and really not painful.


 I haven&#039;t been on it long, but I do think I eat less ( mild beneficial anorexia) and actually get a full feeling when eating ( I don&#039;t know about everyone else but I never feel full until I&#039;ve eaten so much that I hurt). I&#039;m looking forward to good A1c results ( my latest was 7.1) and maybe some weight loss too."
"I haven&#039;t had a YI in years but thanks to my partner (who didn&#039;t tell me he had symptoms) I felt one coming on with mild itching. I remember monistat from my younger years and decided that I better get it/take it instead of go the usual natural route.  Back in the day it would leak out and work starts on Monday so I paid the +- 20 bucks. Well I suppose they have fixed the leaking problem and added an ingredient that I along with many others must be allergic to. I had extreme itching last night and it was no picnic. I am still itching badly after 12 hours.  I am taking a probiotic and praying I don&#039;t end up with a worse YI or a bacterial infection.  I hope it goes away because the itch/burn I don&#039;t want to have to deal with at work"
"It works! It was really weird at first... make sure you are IN BED shortly after you take it or you will be subject to odd behavior/amnesia. 
"
"My first experience was fine, no bleeding, no pregnancy but when I had a second implant put in place it was a horrible experience. In the beginning I had extremely bad pains and really heavy bleeding I couldn&#039;t do anything this carried on for a year with only a couple days break, my mood swings were constant and lost my appetite completely. I was so exhausted by this that I lost 2 stone and became anemic. I went to the Drs and found out that when I get it removed it would take my body about 7 months to go back to normal, although I never got pregnant I don&#039;t want to go through this experience again."
"I am so thrilled and relieved! 2-3 months ago I started having a reaction on the palms of my hands and it quickly turned into a red itchy rash with nasty flaky, scaly skin and I had no idea what it was. I shake hands with people frequently at work and all I think is if I saw a hand like that I wouldn&#039;t want to shake it!  I&#039;ve tried all kinds of creams with no results.  Then 2 days ago I found this and the picture on the packaging looked like my hand so I bought it.  And you know what?.. Just 2 days later and I am seeing AMAZING results! Its not completely gone yet but it looks and feels so much better after just 2 days. I never do these reviews but I am so happy I just had to find a place to tell others!"
"I&#039;m a 40yr old mother of 1, struggling with weight loss. In the beginning of the year, I entered a biggest loser challenge. From January to March I lost a total of 14lbs by diet and exercise. I started off and 214lbs and by march I was 200lbs. I did lots of cardio using a beachbody at home workout called &quot;Cize&quot; with Shaun T. Well I plateaud and got discouraged. I also started to go back to me old eating habits. Guess what I gained it all back by August. Weighing 213lbs
On August 29 I started phentermine 37.5. I take my pill at 5am and I&#039;m currently down 5lbs in one week. I also  do at least 45 min cardio, drinks lots of water and watch my calorie in take. The side affects have also subsided. I can sleep now"
"I have used Bydureon for 2 years. It has been a God send. My A1C has went from 10 to 5.2. I watch my diet and exercise daily. Over the holidays I did eat more sweets than usual and my A1C was 5.8. So it has been a wonderful drug for me. I don&#039;t use insulin anymore. the only complaint I have is I get hot flashes like menopause. I am well over menopause by my hormone tests. I wonder if I am the only one with these hot flash symptoms? I call them my &quot;Bydureon hot flashes&quot;"
"I have been on Victoza for four days now.  Have bad, bad headache and nausea.  I have to lay down. Nausea is close to morning sickness (if you ever been pregnant).  I am on the 0.62 with instruction to dial up after 5 days.   Thinking about waiting a week.  I wonder if the weight loss is due to the nausea, for I have noticed in the couple days I don&#039;t eat or have a lack of a appetite. DOES ANYONE TAKE ANYTHING FOR THE NAUSEA?"
"I&#039;ve been on just about every antidepressant on the market and my doctor and I decided to try adjunct therapy with Seroquel to &quot;boost&quot; the effect of the Brintellix I take. I was really pleased to find it has a significant effect on my anxiety, which has always been a major component of my depression. While it didn&#039;t get rid of my depression, I feel better overall than I have in ages. 

Downsides? It&#039;s expensive if you don&#039;t have good insurance. I get a 90-day supply for $80. It also will knock you the heck out. I have to take mine before 6 p.m. or I will have great difficulty in waking up (even with an alarm). It has a heavy sedating effect."
"For everyone who has experienced negative results from taking Belsomra  &amp; from a well-experienced insomniac, I was advised by a very knowledgable pharmacist that in order for Belsomra to work properly &amp; effectively (after having taken Ambien for many years), I was to stop taking Ambien &amp; let it completely wash out of my system for 3-4 days before starting Belsomra.  She stated, that this medication, unlike Ambien, is not supposed to assist you in falling asleep, as so much as it works to help you stay asleep, however, it won&#039;t work as it should, if I don&#039;t have a break between medications. After reading all of the comments about Belsomra not working for so many people, I&#039;m definitely intend on following the Pharmacists instructions to the letter."
"I was prescribed to take this twice a day for 7 days for bacterial vaginosis. I will never allow a doctor to prescribe me this ever again!! The taste comes from nightmares for starters, and good LORD the side effects are NOT worth it!! Constant nausea, dizziness, everything tastes like fecal matter, fevers, restlessness, overall weak and uncomfortable. This cannot be good for you. I didn&#039;t even have any side effects with the BV itself, It&#039;s this medication that has been making me feel like death!"
"I find that if I take the Ambien and go directly to bed it works very well.  If I take it and then delay going to bed by doing dishes or cleaning before bed I have unusual effects.  After sleeping for a very short period of time I will get up, go to the kitchen and make waffles.  This has happened a handful of times.  I&#039;m always surprised to have my family thanking me for taking the trouble for making waffles.  Really no trouble since I don&#039;t remember any of it."
"I was diagnosed with IC in Feb 2015 after suffering a stressful period of my life. IC hit me out of nowhere. I struggled for months to find an answer to my pain. Sadly in the back of my mind I even considered suicide (bad thing to say I know) The pain was so bad and relentless that I even considered quitting my job. My urologist did a the bladder DMSO instill and it did nothing for me. I tried numerous anti spasm medications and I was urinating around 30 times per day. I could no longer go grocery shopping, ride in a car for long or eat out . My quality of life was fading very fast. My urologist suggested Elmiron. It cost me about 160$ a month but its worth every penny as i&#039;m about 95% pain free. I also cut sugar from my diet."
"What a terrible product! I had been using Jublia for about a year. Not only did I NOT see obvious effect, instead one of my toe nails had severe ingrown condition. A year ago I had to undergo a surgery to cut off the problematic nail parts. After several months, unfortunately the ingrown condition has begun to come back, and it appears that I may need another surgery.

Overall a terrible experience - waste of time and resulting side effects! I am thinking about filing a complaint against"
"Has made me a very irritable person. Also causes weight gain."
"I have been using dulcolax for the past year daily. Religiously taking 2 every night before I go to bed around 11pm - 12 midnight. It&rsquo;ll wake me up to do the number 2 at around 7-8ish depending how heavy I ate the previous day and it will continue through out the morning twice or trice but not painful as some experience here. But lately for the past 4 days I have been taking the same pills and it doesn&rsquo;t work anymore. I don&rsquo;t understand because I haven&rsquo;t change my diet or medication. I even bought new one&rsquo;s cause I thought the last batch that I have was kinda defective. I hope there is an explanation for this because I haven&rsquo;t been comfortable since I couldn&rsquo;t do the deed for quite a while now. Does anyone experience this too?"
"I was skeptical at first reading quite a few bad reviews about depression and suicidal thoughts but I had no choice, I couldn&#039;t take it anymore. The first few months on the small dose had little effect and little side effect so they increased my dosage and my acne, day by day, disappeared. Spot by spot. I used it for 6 months and I was done, it&#039;s been a year and I&#039;ve not had one spot since. I got very bad dry skin and a little bit of depression whilst on the drug, that&#039;s now gone as well.

If you are thinking about this drug but are hesitating like I did, I say you go for it. It changed my life, without sounding clich"
"I suffer from Severe Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, Depression, Panic Disorder . The comment above me was almost like a mirror image! I was so relieved to see that another person has been on every anti-depressant out there and none had really worked... For me however, all the anti-depressants I have been on in the past have actually caused an opposite effect than what they are meant to do. I would become even more depressed and even suicidal. I have Systemic Lupus, (among many other serious health issues) and in my case, the Lupus is very severe. It is pain, every waking moment. The Fetzima 40mg has helped a bit with that, it hasn&#039;t made me more depressed and I think I may even be feeling a bit more positive. So, all in all, I think it may be working : )"
"I only tried this when my insurance refused to allow Victoza anymore after two years of positive results.  
My BS have been much higher, headaches, blurred vision and inability to concentrate. Driving has become hazardous for me. I am not using another dose."
"I was born with heirschprungs disease and have fought constipation all my life and as I&#039;ve gotten older, it&#039;s getting so much worse. I took Zelnorm when it was on the market and it was a dream come true. Unfortunately it was pulled for possible side effects. Duh ... what meds don&#039;t?  I&#039;ve used Linzess 3 times now. Yes, it cleans me out but I have horrible stomach cramps and severe diarrhea. But as others have said, it&#039;s far better than being constipated for days on end.  I so wish someone would/could bring Zelnorm back.  Best solution there was. Will only use Linzess on occasion."
"This birth control is has been officially retired by me  after a little over a month of use. The side effects have been horrendous and the reason I began taking this was a mess up that my physician made because originally I was taking Lo Loestrin Fe (which is a definitely the best for me). So my experience is I that I got a bacterial vaginosis twice because the pill messed with my pH and I had my period almost consistently for the month of taking this pill. I&#039;d get 1-3 day breaks and then be back on a heavy painful period that lasts for a week... I have an appointment with my physicial next week to address what is going on and change to maybe an IUD because the pill is such a hit or miss with side effects plus the remembering to take it every day."
"My son was on Vyvanse for 3 years. At first the side effects were the normal irritability, obsessive thoughts and anxiety only on the days he took the drug. His concentration and grades improved so the benefits outweighed the side effects. The last year though he was increasingly negative, obsessing over negative thoughts, anxious and paranoid only on the days he took it. I think the side effects can affect kids more or less as they grow. He was very depressed for a 10 year old. Since he&#039;s been off he&#039;s been happier!! I think positive thoughts are more important than grades since we all know where negative thoughts leads to down the road if left unchecked. Overall the medicine is not bad but keep a close eye on behavior."
"I have not found that I have any side effects from this but I notice a huge difference in my mental health. Actually, my boyfriend wasn&#039;t really a believer in antidepressants but when he saw the change in me when I started taking these, he completely switched sides. Some people really do need them. I&#039;m so glad I got on this, I feel so much better."
"I am 20 years old and had Mirena put in 18 months ago after my son was 6 weeks and so far I like it but I do have some negative comments too. The insertion wasn&#039;t bad just had cramping after wards. My boyfriend feels it most of the time when we have sex. MY hair loss is pretty bad. I feel like I have 5 lbs I can&#039;t lose. I bled straight through the first month I had it in. Then didn&#039;t get my period or spotting for a whole year and now I get a regular period every month. Sometimes I do experience some cramping when I bend over a certain way and its sharp and very painful. But all in all I like that I don&#039;t have to take a birth control everyday and I don&#039;t have to worry about any more babies."
"I am 5ft and weight 204 pounds. I will start tomorrow 8/12/15 on Belviq. I&#039;ve done a lot of research before going to my Dr. for this medication. I&#039;ve spent hundreds of dollars on all sort of weight loss medications. Though Belviq is on the expensive (thank God for the manufacturer discount) end I&#039;m willing to try it. I already work out 30 minutes a day. So I&#039;m very hopeful this will work. I will post an update in 30 days"
"I was first put in Tri-Sprintec, which worked wonderfully for me, but my pharmacy switched me to Tri-Previfem. I&#039;ve good news and bad news about this pill. The good news: I&#039;ve not gotten pregnant. The bad news: after being switched over, I&#039;ve realized a shocking change in my mood. I&#039;m much more depressed, and I have developed a case of anxiety. I have experienced several anxiety attacks after being switched to this pill. I&#039;m contemplating asking my doctor to change my prescription. If you wish to not get pregnant, then take this pill, but you may undergo dramatic changes in your mood."
"I&#039;ve been on nexplanon for 3 months now. 2 weeks after the insertion instead of a period I spotted for 2 weeks and had mild cramps but nothing too bad, after the spotting was over it has been a bless, I worry less about pregnancy and so far no period, no weight gain ,no acne. Don&#039;t knock it till you try it"
"Amitiza is the best if you have ibs!"
"I have tried both Viagra and &amp; Cialis. Both have their pro&#039;s and con&#039;s. I get a better and more constant erection with Viagra. But it took over an hour to start working. The 10mg dose lasted about 4 hours but there was some residual effects afterwards. Cialis started working after about 30 mins and it really carries on for a good 24-36hrs, but the quality of the erection wasn&#039;t as good. I suffered with the snuffles with both. I got a headache only with Viagra but it wasn&#039;t a bad one though."
" I am not the type to, but recently single, I hooked up with a guy. We had sex twice and he half-finished inside me the first time, and then went right back in for a second round an hour later &amp; claimed he pulled out but there was alcohol involved so we both weren&#039;t 100% sure. Worst thing was it was either the DAY I was ovulating or the day before I was supposed to ovulate. I took Plan b 13 hours later. I had minimal side effects, mainly mild cramping. I had sex on August 14th and got my period a week earlier than I was supposed to, on August 20th. Do not stress - this pill works and is recommended at any time of the cycle!!!"
"I take alprazolam for panic attacks, which can hit at any time and be severe within just a minute or so.  I can take a half of one of these when I feel a panic attack coming on, and it usually stops it.  If it gets to a full-blown attack, then I can take a whole one and it will knock it out.  The only problem is that it does make me sleepy, which is much better than the panic attack."
"I have had a very positive experience with microgestin. I started using it about 6 months ago, and it was my first time on birth control. It helped to clear up my acne and made my periods much lighter and shorter (from 7 days to only 2 or 3). I did not experience any weight gain or nausea. The only negative side effects I had were that I was a bit more emotional than usually in the first two weeks of use, and that for a few months, I would have a bit of light spotting leading up to my period. Overall, it has been a really great birth control and had very few side effects."
"It has returned my quality of life.  My &quot;apathy&quot; and malaise were so profound I couldn&#039;t live even a very simple life style. All I did was sleep."
"It&#039;s the only medication that works for my social anxiety, and I have tried a lot of medications."
"I have been taking Tenuate 25mg three times a day for three weeks now and I have lost a total of 8 1/2 lbs. I eat smaller portions of food and watch what I eat and don&#039;t eat after 6:00 pm. I drink a lot of water and now my doctor started me on a diuretic to help me get rid of my water weight. So far this medication has helped and I am looking to see more results and I will keep you posted. Good luck to everyone."
"I&#039;ve had 14 surgeries and been in 3 coma&#039;s all from motorcycle racing. I&#039;ve broken almost every bone in my body. I have taken almost all the pain medication including shots (that did not work). This is the only medicine that will relieve my pain by about 30%. "
"No health insurance. Went to the ER for UTI and was prescribed Bactrim. UTI symptoms quickly subsided (didn&#039;t disappear completely but like 90% better) so that was nice. Then the Bactrim symptoms started. Oh man. I had a different set of symptoms every day. First it was tingly hands and severe fatigue. Then I had a full blown panic attack (depression and anxiety can be made worse by Bactrim apparently so I tried to keep reminding myself of that). Last couple of days I&#039;ve had headaches and bad nausea. I&#039;m on day 6 of my 7 day course now-- gonna try my best to make it through the whole course but wowww it&#039;s tough. I just hope these symptoms clear up once my pills are gone. It got its job done but made me miserable in the process!"
"I&#039;ve only been on Yasmin for a week and I can&#039;t say I&#039;ve even had any really noticeable side effects as I&#039;m already an emotional person in general I haven&#039;t seen much change. I hear you get nauseous if you take it on an empty stomach so I take it every night after dinner so I don&#039;t run into that problem. My skin hasn&#039;t really changed. I&#039;ve never really had break outs I just get a few pimples here and there and that&#039;s what I&#039;m having now but that&#039;s what I expected with this changing my hormones. I think a lot of it has to do with tricking your mind into having the side effects. I haven&#039;t noticed any changes except I&#039;m way more thirsty from like it is a  diuretic so I&#039;ve drank tons of water and actually lost 6 pounds. I love it so far :)"
"I have been on metformin ( the regular one) 850mg once a day at night since May 2014 for Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome. The first day I took it I had the worst explosive diarrhea. I persisted with it and it was giving me bouts of nausea, stomach cramps, poor sleep and diarrhea. It has been 3 months now and the symptoms have stopped. I think if you persist at it, and definitely take it after a meal, it will be okay! My periods are still being artificially controlled with norethisterone daily so I can&#039;t comment if metformin has regulated my menses, but I am hoping to stop the norethisterone soon!"
"2 days into the most painful diarrhea I&#039;ve ever experienced, I got onto Gastro-stop. Within about 45 minutes my severe gut cramps had reduced to rumbles and diarrhea no more, combined with some re-hydration product I am feeling almost well again."
"Metozolv OTC is very easy to take as it melts immediately on your tongue. It does seems to help with some of the gastroparesis symptoms but does not completely eliminate them. However my biggest concern is side effects it causes. After one month of use I noticed by breast becoming larger, painful, and lactating upon touch. (No I&#039;m not a candidate for pregnancy!). I&#039;m sure all medicines have their issues but the lactating definitely concerns me. I must add Metozolv is very costly."
"I started taking Zarah 2 months ago. Before that I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen (which made me very nauseous so I switched). When I started Zarah I was nauseous all the time. My sense of smell was heightened tenfold to the point where I couldn&#039;t even be around my dog or the trash can without feeling sick. I couldn&#039;t and still can&#039;t eat meat, salad, or any of the healthy foods I loved eating. I feel weak and lazy all the time and like I am carrying bricks on my shoulders. I originally got on Zarah and off the IUD because my doctor said it would help my acne but it didn&#039;t. The IUD was amazing besides not helping or even causing my acne. I also have constant headaches and eat junk food constantly and have gained 5 lbs. "
"My doctor told me to use it on my ears as I was getting yellow and red bumps that were painful to the touch. This stuff really works. My ears cleared up in about 4 to 5 day. The only side effect I had was it felt like my ears were getting a little warm for about 5 minutes but that soon went away."
"This shot is VERY effective for birth control, but the side effects are NOT worth it. I gained 17 pounds, had horrible mood swings, was constantly crying and moody, and I had the worst constant breakouts. I started it at 20 years old and had never had any acne in my life and had never had any problems with my weight. I immediately had bad side effects after starting the shot but decided to stick with it. I was on the shot for 9 months, and I thought that the side effects would go away, but they never did. It took me over a year and a half for my skin to get back to normal. If you try this shot and it does not work for you,  I do not recommend staying on the injections because it takes forever for the medication to leave your system."
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin for 2 weeks and I don&#039;t really feel any better. I notice weight gain and more irritability than usual. I&#039;ve read that I must be patient and continue taking it and I should see improvement after about a month. I took this years ago and it was the reason I was able to quit smoking. My wife called it the happy pill because she saw a big difference in my mood. So far it&#039;s not having the same affect it did 15 yrs ago. I do like that I am not having any other side affects. My sex drive is still good and I think my anxiety  has improved somewhat. I&#039;m on 100 mg a day and I take it first thing in the morning."
"I&#039;m at the end of my second dose of Femring after having both ovaries removed at 35.  When I first went on Femring .1 mg daily it was great. I had a couple day days after initial insertion that I felt edgy emotionally - but after day 4 that leveled off. Felt much better than oral estradiol. However, around day 60 my estrogen levels started to dive and by day 80 I was back into full surgical meno. When I inserted the second ring....same as before. An initial surge of estrodiol but this time the ring started to tank around day 35. I&#039;m on day 85 of the second ring and my meno symptoms are unbearable. For me, this is not a 90 day med. Too bad -  for 1-2 months it&#039;s perfect. My insurance won&#039;t allow me to refill until day 90 - and $$$."
"For the past three months I experienced severe anxiety and depression likely due to intense work stress. Feelings and dread and doom were constant and overwhelming.  I had a similar episode about 15 years ago and a GP prescribed Luvox. Within weeks, I felt normal and alive.  I&#039;ve been on it ever since.

 I finally decided to see a psychiatrist. Well, after an hour meeting and 7 pages of notes, she diagnosed me with severe obsessive compulsive disorder and depression and added a small dose of Abilify. The change was immediate and remarkable. The anxiety is greatly reduced. The depression seems gone.  The racing thoughts, while not gone, are reduced. I have energy, however, I constantly feel hungry. I hope it continues."
"Y&#039;all I had this shot ONE TIME last Aug and I&#039;m still bleeding! I&#039;m only 23 I want a baby my husband is a marine and we can&#039;t even do anything when he is down for time off because I have constantly bled since aug2016! "
"I&#039;m 56 with high blood pressure began losing the hardness and looked for help. Taking the 5mg daily use and it worked like magic, first time used and it was as hard as a rock. Negative side effects of lower back and leg pain but only happened once, thereafter everything went well sometimes I have stuffy nose in morning. This gets you hard and stays hard works in about 45 mins after taking. Due to expense I take on Thur - Sun you can skip a couple of days and it still works...even wake up with the morning woody. Wow its good to be back. Also make sure and use the Free Cialis voucher for 30 days free pills, save some money."
"I am a disabled veteran with severe headaches due to trauma from a combat injury.  Thankfully I am able to live a fully functional life because of this drug.  You&#039;d think people, especially doctors, would be more sympathetic to our returning veterans.  I have a steady job, a wonderful wife, and still when I was first being seen by doctors, they treated me like I was some pill-seeking addict.  Thankfully, I was able to get into a pain management program at the VA and have a wonderful, understanding doctor.  I take 5mg Oxycodone 4 times a day, and it has changed my life. It amazes me how paranoid medical professionals have become."
"I went into the ER in EXTREME pain. I mean, I was in labor for 30 hours with no help from an epidural, and this pain I was having took the cake! 

Turns out I had Pyelonephritis (Kidney Infection, caused by a UTI). I was in pure agony for hours... and finally once they got me back into a real room, and got the Dr in to see me, they got my IV hooked up and gave me Nausea meds, 1 Mg of Dilaudid, antibiots and toradol. It worked almost instantly! I was so relieved!! All I wanted to do was close my eyes and sleep, and I got a couple hours in before I was ok to leave the hospital. 

If you have ever had Stadol, the relief and feeling was VERY similar with Dilaudid, which was fine with me. Both have been the best pain relieves I&#039;ve ever had."
"Has no side effects."
"Lumbar, 3 level fusion with hardware. Cervical, 3 level fusion with hardware. Take 200mg every night. The best pain medicine ever taken. After 4 years on same dose, fighting with insurance company for higher dose. "
"I have severe insomnia. My therapist prescribed me 10 mg Ambien as a short term solution. I was so amazed and excited to SLEEP! Within 20 minutes, I just fell asleep and it was so wonderful. She had warned me of sleepwalking. But I told her &quot;that was impossible because I had never done that in my 65 years of live&quot;!

In my 5th week of taking Ambient, I woke up with the taste of blood in my mouth, a loose tooth, a skinned knee, and bruised shoulder. Yes, I had walked in my sleep, sat in a chair and fell out of it face first. Luckily, one of my granddaughter&#039;s was spending the night and witnessed the incident. So, if you are naive like me and think it cannot happen to you, please think about it. Good luck "
"I&#039;ve used Tysabri for past couple years. Prior to Tysabri, I used couple other drugs but nothing worked as well as Tysabri. My wish would be to take it every 21 days instead of 28 days. The 4-5 days before infusion time can be very painful with head &amp; body aches accompanied by brain fog 
I don&#039;t understand the risks for a 21 day infusion, but I&#039;m willing to learn"
"I have only gone to the 1.8 dose and it&#039;s been 3 weeks.  I&#039;ve lost 9.5 lbs and feel terrific. I&#039;ve been running 2 miles every day, too, however and I have not been hungry AT ALL.  I have to remember to eat.  unfortunately it isn&#039;t covered on my insurance so not sure what is going to happen when I run out of this 2nd sample I&#039;ve received.   I never want to be without it!"
"I have been on this birth control for around 4 months now, I was switched to Junel because my insurance no longer covered Minastrin 24 Fe. Both are the same dosages of hormone I believe. 
I have not had any pregnancy scares on this, nor have I had a period, which I personally love. 
I have not noticed any weight gain, or increase in appetite that I&#039;m sure is mostly life related. I have noticed slightly more cramping, on about a 4/10 scale, that only occurs around 4 times a month and lasts throughout that day. It&#039;s not terrible. The only other negative side effect that I do believe is from Junel, are my headaches. I am prone to migraines, which these definitively are not, they just feel like cluster headaches that an Advil usually fixes."
"Since I was 13 I&#039;ve always had acne. Now as I&#039;m 16, my acne has gotten to its worst so I decided to finally open up my drawer and begin using my Tretinoin Cream 0.025 that I was prescribed to by my Derm 2 months ago but decided not to try since I knew of the purging that would be happening. 2 weeks in and my skin is undoubtedly in its purging phase, although the first week was amazing. My skin was almost clear and had very little inflammation. DO NOT STOP USING THIS PRODUCT! Can&#039;t wait to see its results in a couple months. I have a lot of hope for this drug."
"I was suffering from acne from class 10th to 3rd year of my bachelors degree. I am from India. Actually I had no hope of living full fledged life without acne.
I am so thankful to Accutane and people who worked on it to bring it into the market. I know you might be wondering about the negative effects. Trust me I was in such a situation that I didnt care if there were any negative effects or not for a medicine which could cure my acne. Such was my condition and this was my last resort. And believe me there were no side effects except dry lips which was manageable. People who are reading this, I am telling you that there is light at the end of the tunnel and this can be the best medicine. "
"Amazing. Before Paxil, New social situations in my new city at my new job made me almost faint for no reason. I would break out in a sweat and get extremely nervous and re-think how terribly the conversation went until I started Paxil. I&#039;m on the 12.5 MG extended release which is amazing. The night sweats were bad at first but now I don&#039;t sleep with the same comforter I used to and they typically never happen anymore. 
Dreams can be very vivid and intensified especially if I&#039;ve drank that evening or taken a xanax. Overall it&#039;s seriously changed my life for the better and I haven&#039;t gained any weight. One side effect would be sex - for the first month or two if was difficult to reach orgasm but now it&#039;s back to normal in month 3-4."
"Jolessa is awesome! I&#039;ve been on it before and had the spotting during the first pack but then it worked great!  I began using it again and this time my doctor suggested to take the first month and stop for a week to get a period and then continue with the 2nd and third month. (So 2 periods on first pack) to minimize if not eliminate break through bleeding or spotting. Worked well and I couldn&#039;t be happier. Regulated and way less painful!"
"Highly effective for tonic spasms around my eyes. Drawbacks are that it is only temporary and is also dependent on skill of doctor administering to hit exact spot to relieve spasm. Usually lasts around 3 months for me though it varies for other patients."
"Female age 40 height 5&#039;2 305lbs. Started Contrave on 3/29/17. Week 1 I lost 6lbs!! Now 299lbs. I am pre diabetic and my doctor put me on Metformin. This was a BIG wake up call for me. I feel mentally ready to do this. So far symptoms have been nothing bad a few stomach cramps, food taste blah, a little nausea but only when I don&#039;t drink enough water. I do go to the bathroom more often about 4 times a day. I don&#039;t have cravings and I feel full. I have changed my diet big time, no carbs, fish and lean meats, lots of eggs, tons of water and small snacks throughout the day. I feel good, no tiredness like others that I read. I will continue to update weekly, I feel this will make me accountable and it may help someone who is like me struggling."
"My doctor put me on Hysingla ER 20 mg on a few weeks ago. Hysingla is causing major problems for me at night. I am waking up 3-4 times every night due to pain and sleep walking. I believe I need an increase in the dosage or put me back on my original treatment of Percocet 7.5mg QID (4 times a day). I am scared that I might walk out of the house and into the road because of this medication. In the few weeks of being on this medication, I have left the house twice within three weeks. The last time this has happened was nearly 4 years ago."
"I was switched to Effexor XR after 2 years of Paxil. It worked wonderful for about 3 years. I was on 75mg and started to have uncontrollable movement with my one arm. Talked to my doctor who said it was not the medicine. Well after another year I was having the problem in my legs and both arms and could no longer sit or walk without frequent jerking. My doctor finally realized that it was a rare side effect of the medication from long term use and switched me to another. I still have the jerking at least 2 to 3 times a week. If you notice this problem at all you need to talk to your doctor immediately."
"The pros - it is easy to insert and is very comfortable, I could not feel it, it never slipped down or out. I forgot it was even there! And you never have to think about it, you only have to remember to take it out three weeks later and they even give you reminder stickers! It did not seem to affect my mood at all like other pills have done.
The cons! I cannot tell you if my partner ever felt it because my sex drive went wayyyyyy down! I was not interested at all, even playing around I could not get aroused enough to want to have sex....and I even got engaged and was still not in the mood. This was the main reason I stopped the Nuvaring. I also broke out in acne.
Every body is different, give it a go and see if it works for you!"
"I was on Cymbalta for a few years, and over that time, I didn&#039;t notice a significant reduction in the pain, but I did notice that my memory started to diminish.

I asked my doctor to take me off of it, but he refused, so I quit cold-turkey.  The side effects are significant and severe!  I wouldn&#039;t suggest this tactic!

All in all, I&#039;m very happy to be off of it... my memory is improving noticeably, and the foot pain is just about the same."
"I have been on Velivet for about a year. It has been better than the birth control I was on before, Ortho Tri-Cyclen, but I have decided to go off of it because for 2 weeks at the end of my cycle I am incredibly emotional, cannot stop crying, am irritated and irrational and it&#039;s having a serious toll. I also have a pretty low sex drive."
"I take Norco, Methocarbamol, Gabapentin, and Motrin. The pain was still so bad I couldn&#039;t take it anymore. I went to pain management and demanded surgery. I told her that I only had about 2 decent hours a day. She asked if I would try Nucynta ER. My mother was completely addicted to morphine before she died, so I am careful not to ever over-medicate. I started with 50mg ER - I was so relieved...it helped so much. No side effects, except maybe dry mouth, but I had that before the Nucynta. After about two years I had to increase dosage to 100mg ER. Still no side effects. At one point the pharmacy couldn&#039;t get Nucynta for over a month. I couldn&#039;t take any during that month,and I had no withdrawals. The pain came back of course, but that&#039;s it !"
"I give it an 8 because I loved this pill for 8 years.  Just recently I started having problems with it.  Now my sex drive decreased, chronic sinus infections....which I now link to this pill because over the last 7 months I have tried others and my sinuses have been great...now back on lessina and yet another sinus infection and clogged up nasal passages, rash on chest and bad melasma now.   I think my body has changed over the years and it doesn&#039;t tolerate this one anymore.  I did love it for years though."
"Great. I&#039;ve taken it twice and didn&#039;t experience any major side effects. Kicked in after 20-30 minutes, was fully ready to go at 60 minutes after. That said I did experience some side effects including:
-mild heartburn-like feeling during the first 1-2 hours after taking it.
-moderate heaviness/tightness in my jaw that lasted just about 12 hours after taking.
-some drowsiness
-some mild neck pain (which could have been the migraine)
-a tightness/tingling (very mild) in my forearms.

But I&#039;m free and clear of the headache. Definitely plan on taking again"
"I got Contrave and shelled out $99.00 for it. I took it the first day and experienced depressions and flu like symptoms plus I had insomnia. I took it the second day, thinking it would get better. Well that was a huge mistake. I felt like my body was freezing and then on fire. I could not function whatsoever. I was at work and had to be driven home by my co workers. I wanted to jump out of my co workers van! I could not concentrate or sit still. I also experienced diarrhea like never before!!! I have never gone through withdrawals symptoms like this before but I am never taking this rubbish again!"
"I started Mononessa to help control my period. It has been working great, and recommend this for a first time birth control user. It&#039;s very cheap and is super efficient."
"Started age 18 Smoked 37 years Up to about 1 1/2+ packs a day when I first tried Chantix realized in the first week that it was probably going to work so I stopped it because I wasn&#039;t ready to quit smoking. When I was ready the second time I stopped at the end of the first week because I had no desire and it was pointless to try. That was January 2012 and I haven&#039;t thought or wanted a cigarette since. So Chantix did what it said it would and for me no bad or vivid dreams or anything  BUT (and I&#039;m not alone ) that week is the same week I lost or severely altered my sense of smell which used to be better than average. Coincidence? It might be a synergistic reaction specific to some people. And I can&#039;t taste since January 2015, 3 years later."
"Blood glucose and HbA1C were normal. LDL cholesterol and triglycerides were low HDL cholesterol increased. There was weight loss with metformin."
"My doctor prescribed this medication 10g for my serious illness of anxiety I used to be so anxious I would feel sick at night and not being able to sleep in days. This medication has help me to sleep within a hour taking it I do wake up at 4.30- 5 every time I take it but fall back to sleep quite quickly. Only problem is that it does make me super drowsy in the morning.. Next time I take it I&#039;ll try only using 5 mg instead of 10 mg to stop the drowsiness. Other then that it has saved me life!"
"Helps tremendously to focus and stay focused to get something finished vs 10 things started and nothing finished! There is a correlation between auditory processing disorder and ADHD/ADD. Many of us with ADHD/ADD have hearing issues, and &quot;Intelligibility&quot; is a HUGE issue when trying to learn.  Unfortunately, the so-called &#039;hearing tests&#039; provided by schools are directed at deafness, not Intelligibility - if a student is unable to hear/understand words, than how much education &quot;can/do&quot; they actually receive?  Focalin has helped me with both, but I also required hearing aids - which wasn&#039;t done until I was 28 yrs old and &quot;demanded&quot; a full hearing test WITH a simple back-to-back repeating of similar sounding words, I only got 60% right. "
"This drug has put my mom into kidney failure as she was on it for several years. I strongly caution anyone using this for extended periods."
"This is the first time I&#039;ve ever had any problem on birth control. I&#039;ve taken Depo Provera 3 years, did perfect on that, aside from finding out I have low bone density now. With Nuvaring 3 months in, I have had mood swings headaches, weight gain 142lbs to 157lbs. I&#039;m very athletic so this is ridiculous. I have had tender breasts and to top that off low sex drive and supposed breakthrough bleeding for two months straight. "
"I&#039;m 41. My latest check up showed that I&#039;m severely anemic. My GYN prescribed Junel Fe. As soon as I started taking it, I started to have heavy bleeding, humongous blood clots, horrible cramps, and migraine for 15 days now. I called my GYN&#039;s emergency line by the 11th day, &amp; she advised me to stop taking the pill immediately. Guess what, the heavy bleeding continues, abdominal cramps are non-stop despite taking pain medication &amp; has gotten me doubled over and in tears for days on end. Now my GYN wants to discuss surgery to fix my bleeding &amp; my anemia. I&#039;m still bleeding as I&#039;m typing this. It&#039;s the 15th day, &amp; 4 days since I stopped taking the pill."
"It worked great for me. I was having insomnia issues due to anxiety. I sure am happy I did not have to take a different medication like Xanax."
"I was prescribed Paxil CR 12.5 for GAD which was mostly situational. I cannot tell you how awful of an experience it was for me. My anxiety went through the roof to the point I didn&#039;t want to leave home which is not like me at all. I became very depressed which I wasn&#039;t to start out with. Crying uncontrollably. Pacing and restless, could NOT sit still. Went from 140 pounds to 124 in 3 weeks. No appetite, intrusive/racing/all negative thoughts, couldn&#039;t sleep for more than an hour or two at a time, paranoid, confused, no concentration, no motivation, sweating, constant diarrhea, jaw clenching, stomach pains, body aches, dry mouth, yawning and dizziness. After 25 days on this med my doctor pulled the plug because I was better before it."
"I have been using Zovia for 3 months now to help regulate my period. So far the side effects have been larger breasts and breast tenderness, slight bloating before and during my period, and immediately after starting it I have been getting chest acne. I am not prone to body acne and have never gotten it before I started using the pill. Nothing would clear it up either (acne wash- spot cream). My doctor said it was probably because of the high estrogen. Besides the acne and bloating I don&#039;t have any other problems with it. It has started to regulate my period slowly, but not completely."
"I&#039;m 22 and have not had any kids. I got Mirena inserted 3 weeks ago while I was on my period. The insertion was a bit painful, but manageable. Cramping lasted for about 2 full days (nothing that Advil couldn&#039;t cure). My period almost immediately stopped as soon as it was put in and then a week later I started bleeding again. I have been bleeding since... it&#039;s light, but not light enough to just wear a panty liner. I know several people who have had Mirena and say that this will stop after a month or so. My fiance can feel the strings, says it can be uncomfortable, but not bad. So far so good."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for about a month now. I haven&#039;t noticed any mood swings but my breasts did get a little bit bigger and I have gained weight! I&#039;m not enjoying that part, I&#039;ve been working out regularly for about two weeks now and my diet is very healthy for the majority of the time but I can&#039;t seem to lose that weight! I haven&#039;t noticed a change in my sex drive. I think headaches may come more frequently and I am often tired but I believe that part is because I need to get to bed earlier.
So, besides the weight gain, Aviane is good. "
"I had skyla inserted in April 2016 and after a couple months of my body adjusting it was great! But, last month while having sex with my boyfriend I felt extreme pain in my uterus so we stopped. After a couple of excruciating hours trying to decide if it was skylas fault it hurt, I decided to go to the ER. The pain was so bad I couldn&#039;t even walk straight. After the ER doctor removed my IUD I was instantly relieved. I&#039;d never felt so relieved in my life. According to the ER doctor my IUD had rotated slightly during intercourse and that&#039;s what caused the extreme pain. He also said that more often than not women came in to have it removed from it moving around in their uterus. I won&#039;t ever get another IUD"
"I was on it for 7 months and it was my first birth control. I loved it because it cleared up my skin, lighter periods, lasts about 3-4 days which is short for me because I used to get them for a whole week. I used to have terrible cramps but Generess really helped with that. It definitely worked as a birth control. However, I became very depressed, and agitated. I would get mad over little things and I was sad all the time. Severe mood swings. So I stopped taking and now I&#039;m on Sprintec. It&#039;s a lot cheaper and I no longer experience mood swings, I&#039;m a lot happier."
"The only painful thing about the insertion was the speculum. I have PCOS and was told skyla would be best for thinning my lining. I&#039;ve had it almost a month. I&#039;ve spotted everyday, and there is an increase in vaginal mucus but that&#039;s common when your lining is thinning out. It is taking a while for the string to move up and for to my cervix, but I haven&#039;t discovered anything crazy with this or anything bad. The cramps in the beginning were painful and my period lasted a full 7 days instead of the usual 4-5 days. Since getting this I&#039;ve had 2 periods and that&#039;s totally awesome. Its regulating me and making it so much easier to track (if you do track your period and ovulation) and if anyone has Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, I would get this."
"3 Months and so far this drug has helped me more than PT, steroid shots, yoga, massage, traction, ibuprofen and patience. The side effects were challenging to begin with, but once the first few weeks had passed by, I was feeling pretty normal and back to my old self again. I can&#039;t describe how grateful I am for this medication and it&#039;s helped me to no end. Don&#039;t believe all the negative reviews, but take note of the positive reviews too."
"This drug has been a God-send for me! I have had depression since the birth of my second child, 7 years ago. I was on Zoloft for years which worked well. However, after  a series of troubling situations, I developed anxiety and panic. The panic attacks were so bad that I kept ending up in the hospital thinking I was having heart attacks, even though my heart is completely healthy. I went to an amazing doctor who worked with me to find the right medication, and since starting Venlafaxine, I have been panic free!!! For those who suffer from panic attacks, you know what an amazing feeling this is. I didn&#039;t know I could have my life back, but I do! I feel more like myself now than I have in years!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Keppra for almost 3 years for JME. Fortunately it has stopped the seizures but I do get a lot of headaches, which my doctor dismisses whenever I mention them. Other than that I am happy to continue using this medication."
"I&#039;m 32 yrs old, mom of 2, never been on birth control before. Started Seasonique 5 months ago in hopes of having just 4 periods a year (hubby can&#039;t have more kids). Some friends take it and are happy with it. I started taking it the 1st day of my period and bled for about 2 weeks past when it should have stopped. Excited when I thought I was done...but then it started up again. Basically been bleeding on and off (mostly on) since then, with very few days of relief and clotting. Usually minimal spotting, but enough for me to want to avoid sex. Side effects I&#039;ve noticed have been hair loss, no sex drive at all, dryness when sex does happen, cramping, no weight gain, moody, enlarged breasts. Just stopped. Can&#039;t take it anymore. Rather bleed 1 wk a month."
"I have been on Duragesic since Aug 2001 and went from being bedridden 5 of 7 days. Now I&#039;m not bedridden anymore. Still suffer from IBS and have pain on scale of 4-6 out of 10 but its pain that I have lived to tolerate. It&#039;s the only medicine that has worked for me long term."
"I have been taking glucophage ER for 4 weeks.  The first couple of weeks it made me very sick.  I was told this was normal and to try to hold out and the side effects would stop.  They seemed to and then the dose was increased and I am sick again.  It works really well to get my sugar down.  Before I started  it was an average of 146 or 6.7 for A1C
Now the average is 101.  Since it is working I am going to hold on for a few more weeks.  I have been told that some people get used to it much faster than I have and some people take a few months."
"KeepsBP down, but it has 880 drug interactions!! More than any other calcium channel blocker! and has 9 disease interactions!! More than any other one too! Husband on same, (had heart docs in same office prescribe) and had many problems getting other meds cause there are so many drug interactions....got to find another one."
"I could not tell that Humira did a lot to improve my RA.  It may have slowed the condition/symptoms down some, but in no way did it stop my condition.  I realize Humira is not a cure, it just didn&#039;t do a lot for me.  I had no obvious side effects though."
"My GP prescribed Seroquel XR 50mg to be taken at bedtime for worsening anxiety symptoms and horrible mood swings.  I only took it 2 days and discontinued it because it made me feel disconnected and groggy.  I&#039;ve been using my Ativan more often, but it doesn&#039;t provide a sedative effect nearly as bad as Seroquel."
"I have PTSD and have a lot of difficulty with falling asleep, staying asleep. One symptom is not reaching a deep sleep past REM, and having nightmares through-out the night, continually waking, panicked. I was prescribed a sleep med that made me some what relaxed, or I maybe only slept for four hours, and still having nightmares. This went on for months. I was prescribed Clonazepam and it has been a God-send. Not being able to sleep normally had a terrible affect on my daily life. I take it a few hours before bedtime, and when ready I lay down and sleep soundly, waking the next morning feeling relaxed, rejuvenated. I am able to return to a normal activities without the fatigue."
"Negative experience.
If you are having anorexia, and nausea ... especially if you have vomiting and diarrhea...and start feeling weak, go back to the doctor.
On Day 5  I went to the E.R. and then admitted (for 9 hours) for lo Sodium - was dehydrated.
attending felt it was a combo of F w/the diuretic I take ... altho it&#039;s quite a low dose, and I stopped on day 3.
They gave me IVs of saline, Mg, K (all were low) with saline labs every 2 hours.
Don&#039;t fool around with this. Get seen.  I&#039;m not sure what would have happened had I waited."
"I am taking atenolol since more than 10 years, now my age is 42.

Initially it was very good for reducing bp even now also. But initially no any side effects,

But for the 2 years I have gout,  I feel the gout may be caused due to using atenolol for a long time"
"I&#039;ve been on accutane on since one and a half month but seriously I have no side effects except dry lips and dry skin( not too much) but now I having pain in my  heels.  I started on 60mg but after a month my dermatologist increased on 80mg....its not 100% clear yet but i can see that my acne is improving 
I can&#039;t wait to finish the treatment and I am feeling very confident"
"Been on this for over 10 years. I take 2 different doses every morning - 75 mg and 37.5 mg (which was added about 3 yrs ago). While no drug is perfect, it has saved my life - both figuratively and literally. I&#039;ve had great success with this medicine. Be forewarned though about missing a day: loopy feeling, lightheaded or a weird feeling in your head (not pain), like a short buzzer effect. Over the years, if I missed a day, I actually did not feel comfortable driving. If you miss 2 days you&#039;ll experience heart palpitations and will definitely feel bad. These are the reasons why this medicine should never be suddenly stopped. The dose should gradually be lowered. Conversely, the medicine should be started on a low dose, working up as needed."
"For papules and pustules   I give it 10/10 but for the rozacea redness I give it 1/10 it makes the rozacea redness on my cheeks a lot worse but it cleared the papules and pustules on my forehead completely with one application"
"I have been on this medication ,50mg for about a 1 1/2 and it changed my life. I had tried  vesicare and one more kind and after 3 months, all of the other stopped. I give this a 100 out of 10. 
Downside, very expensive.  I pay 275.00 a month until 1200 deductable met and that&#039;s with insurance."
"Have been using Nicotine Patches for awhile now and cut myself back to 6 a day. Started Zyban 7 days ago taking 150 mg. for 3 days then 300. Now, am back up to 10-13 per day. They have started tasting funky just a little bit though. But that&#039;s only sometimes. Sometimes, after 1/2 the cig. taste is bad. But going from 6 to 12 or 13 is depressing me. Having agitation moments as well and trouble going to sleep. I&#039;m wondering if desire for them will go away after awhile."
"Today, I had to refer my aged mother, 85 for her inflamation on the bruise site  on the forehead  due to fall down, a couple of days ago. I referred her to my family doctor who admistered  Dexamethasone Injection IP 2 ml. Within 5minutes she developed breathing heaviness, and she gasped for breath, and was about to be swooned. Fortunately, as the doctor swung into action and administerd her Deriflin inj, and after four hours she returned to normal. This is a worst and risky medicine if I have to say something on this.
24.Nov.2016"
"does the job"
"I use to be on Asacol 400mg, but they stopped making or something. So, I&#039;ve been on Asacol HD 800mg for about a year. I think it&#039;s the best for me, because I really haven&#039;t had any severe or major side effects from the medicine. It is doing the job it is supposed to do. I&#039;ve been taking Asacol for over 20 years. Never had to try anything else, but for some reason they want me to try Imuran, and I don&#039;t like what the reviews are saying about it.  Like they say, if it&#039;s not broke don&#039;t fix it.  Overall, I&#039;ve had some flares over the 20 yrs., but nothing is worth me having to get use to another medicine."
"I want to make women over the supposed weight limit feel better... I&#039;m 220 5&#039;8. I had unprotected sex on day 14 of my cycle, so most likely I was very fertile and took plan b about ten min after. I had cramps that I normally get when I ovulate (which freaked me out!) about 24 hours after taking the pill. I had a thick white discharge for several days. The pill worked tho I&#039;m not pregnant. My period came about 3 days earlier then I planned. It&#039;s been an insane week in an half. Enough to make me consider celibacy! Also I called my doctor about the weight limit and they said it&#039;s fine to take it. So relax, lay off the internet searching and let the pill do its thing"
"This cream really is a miracle.  The first few times I used it on my warts, I did not pay attention to ONLY putting it on the warts, I applied it to the general area and the itching was unbearable. But after paying closer attention to my application, my warts have very noticeably gotten smaller or disappeared after only two weeks of treatment. 
My side effects were itching, slight sting when applying, slight swelling, and just some over all discomfort. But the side effects were nothing compared to being on a wart free track!"
"When I used Benzaclin paired with a salicylic acid face wash and/or cream my face would become dry, red, and the breakouts more severe. Murad was the worst offender, Clinique Acne Solutions also offered no relief. As a last resort I bought a Mia face brush and used simple Cerave foaming face wash with it, along with spot treating with Benzaclin using a qtip. For the first time EVER my face is 99 % clear. Routine: a) wash face with Mia and Cerave Foaming Cleanser b) apply Benzaclin with qtip where needed c) wait 5 mins for it to soak in and apply light moisturizer d) PM: sleep or AM: apply makeup on top.  I am a 25 year old female with combination fair skin."
"I have been taking Zyprexa for  over a month and it just recently started making me sleep over 14+hours a night. I am tired and unmotivated.  The anxiety has slowed way down but is not completely gone.  I take 5mg per night and I also take Ativan 3 times a day."
"I got Skyla put in on December 1st,  I don&#039;t have children so I was a little nerves about this since they had to open my cervix. I got to the appointment and waited about 15 minutes top before called back, It didn&#039;t take long to get everything started. I wasn&#039;t on my period because I was coming off the depo which I had been on for 6 years. It was the worse pain I&#039;ve every experienced in my life, I got very light headed and thought I was going to pass out, the nurse had to bring in paper towels to put over my head. I laid there for about 30 minutes before getting up to leave. Only side affect for me is I cramp really bad for two days after inter course with my husband. Does this happen to anyone else??"
"This did not work for my acne."
"I must say that I enjoy taking Percocet. 1 5/325 every 3 hours for leg pain. This pill really works for me and a lot of other people too. "
"After seeing my ob for some problems with menstruation,  I was sent for about 10 different blood test to check my hormone levels.  Let&#039;s just say that we found the source of my problem and I was referred to an endocrinologist. She wanted to repeat my TSH level cause she said that being at 3.65 was a little high for someone my age. So I went back within 4 weeks to get retested and my TSH was 10.36 and I was feeling it. I was so tired I could barely get out of bed. My headaches were out of control and I gained about 10 lbs in a months time. I just started 75mg Synthroid a few days ago so I&#039;m feeling optimistic. I feel once we get my pituitary adenoma, thyroid and my vitamin D under control I&#039;ll be so much better. ADVICE: listen to your body."
"In school I could not focus and went through bad moments that I will never forget. Writing this I can still picture all of those who made disgusting gestures because I would leave group projects 1/2 way. Through high school I was in the verge of failing, although, my commitment and dedication to reach the dream of going to college, kept me strong."
"Ready to try it out!"
"I have never in my life had acne, including during puberty. I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 months and I have the most intense acne all over my chin. I have a very thorough skin care routine but nothing works. Aside from the acne, every time I start a new pack I get an intense headache &amp; physically feel sick like I&#039;m coming down with the flu. This pill has been nothing but issues for me and I just made an appointment to change pills entirely."
"first birth control ... I&#039;ve had no side effects, but I do have change in emotions really quick but other then that it&#039;s all good actually increase my sex drive... haven&#039;t gotten pregnant to weight gain and no acne just really emotional"
"I am experiencing a major withdrawal or discontinuation syndrome from belviq. For three weeks I have had major anxiety, odd brain sensations, flu symptoms, numbness in my hands and feet, cough, earache... Just to name a few. I know that this syndrome is associated with SSRIs but this seems worse than what I have read about. I&#039;m wondering if the &#039;novelty&#039; of this agent means that they just don&#039;t know what to expect when people go off of it. I feel really stupid and I&#039;m soooo sick of feeling this bad. Praying these symptoms stop."
"I&#039;m 19 years old and I&#039;ve had anxiety since I was a kid. When my family would sing happy birthday to me, I would have a panic attack and cry. I cried every day my kindergarden year. My anxiety got worse over the years but my parents are those types that don&#039;t believe in medication and mental disorders. This year, since being an adult and being able to make my own decisions, I decided to see a therapist. They started me out on 5mg lexapro. The first month was like heaven. I could hold conversations with strangers, go to restaurants and not have a panic attack trying to order food, and so on. After that first month the medicine just stopped working. I was tired and sick all the time and it made me have horrible bursts of anger. Don&#039;t take this!!"
"I&#039;m a woman in my late 60&#039;s who has taken Sertraline for several years. I started just crying in the beginning stages of menopause. My doctor started me on this med &amp; it helped greatly. After a couple years  tried going off with the assistance of my doctor however started crying again. So I went back on. Worked in a stressful environment so the med worked well. After retiring I tried again to go off the med. Thinking no more stress in my life it would be easier to do without any drug. NOT...I still started crying. So I&#039;ve decided I will stay on this drug as long as I can. I have had success with it. The only thing I struggle with is sweating.  My dosage is 50 mg daily."
"After years of suffering with GERD, I developed Barrett&#039;s esophagus.  Tums, Nexium, Prilosec - nothing worked for me.  Since I began taking Dexilant, I have had zero heartburn and zero reflux.  Best of all, my recent endoscopy shows incredible healing of the damage to my esophagus.  Dexilant has proven to be a miracle for me."
"This is very convenient but slightly expensive. My major side effect is no sex drive! I had a very healthy sexual appetite prior to going on Nuvaring but now it is nonexistent. I also have crazy PMS, very angry, I actually put it on the family calendar so people can beware.  But haven&#039;t had anymore migraines since going on which is why I have to take birth control (regulates my hormones) but I&#039;m seriously considering going off just because of the 2 side effects I am having."
"This has been great for me.  I&#039;ve struggled with psoriasis for 16 years, then this last year I developed psoriatic arthritis too.  I was given Stelara after much struggle with the insurance company.  The 45 mg dose helped and did more for my psoriasis than my arthritis but the 90mg dose has changed everything.  My hand and my feet are almost completely free of psoriasis and my arthritis is nothing like it was this time last year.  Crazy expensive but it has changed my life."
"I&#039;ve been taking Venlafaxine 75mg for about 9 months now. It has helped tremendously with my anxiety, unfortunately I&#039;ve gained 50lbs on this med. I can&#039;t keep on this bc of the huge weight gain, but I wish I could. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects."
"I had taken this drug in the past, it made me vomit violently and diahreah.  When it was prescribed for me recently I had forgotten that this was the drug that made me so sick.  I took one capsule and within 3 hours was violently ill, massive diareah and vomiting...I was alone and could not even get to my phone for help, I layed on the floor of my shower for hours having episode after episode.  It is nearlly 24 hours after taking it and I am in such a weakened state I will not be getting out of bed.  I feel I probably should have called 911 and gone to the hospital, I still am so dehidrated.  This is an evil drug!"
"My experience with Velivet was horrible. I was on Velivet for a year and a half. I&#039;ve been on Ovcon(loved it), Femcon(also great) and now Apri(hate it). Velivet was the worst though. The good things about Velivet: Perfect for contraception, great for regulating your period, increased my breast size by half a cup, no real cramps, no weight gain. The bad things about Velivet. Crying and or angry over nothing all the time. ZERO sex drive. I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"I have been on Pristiq for a month now and honestly hadn&#039;t been able to feel this good for the longest time. I no longer dwell on anxieties and negative thoughts, and I am no longer susceptible to terrible mood swings. I approach each day with optimism even if I have a lot of work to do. I am so so glad I started Pristiq. I feel so much better!"
"It seems as if this really does work for weight loss, but I have tried it twice now, and I cannot tolerate the side effects.  The worst being the absolutely crushing, debilitating headaches.  I could handle a bit of nausea, dizziness and fatigue, but the headaches are so bad I have had to quit taking it after a week or so both times I&#039;ve tried it.  ( at only one pill, once a day - moving to the second pill meant a three day headache so severe it left my neck muscles too weak to hold up my own head - and a loss of several days home from work).

Completely separate, but also disappointing: I am a military family member, and anyone on Tricare is ineligible to use the Contrave support program website, get a scale, or use coupons."
"I have been on Aviane for about three months now since my pharmacy no longer had Alesse. I have been on now four different birth controls. I can say Aviane is my favorite so far. It has cleared up my skin and I have not gained any weight. The only few problems I have had with this medication is nausea and my period seems to come for a day and its gone or sometimes does not show up, I am not pregnant but it has done this for the past three months. I know it is suppose to cause lighter/shorter periods but was not expecting this effect. But other than the random almost not there periods I have nothing to complain about this product. "
"I seriously have no other way to put it. This treatment is AWFUL. Not even 5 minutes after inserting the medicine, I began to feel itching and burning way worse than anything I have experienced with a YI. It&#039;s like I would almost rather have a YI than use this medicine again. I know right?? I couldnt sleep, I literally cried because of the discomfort and itching/burning coming from my vagina. I knew &quot;mild&quot; irritation could occur but this is horrendous. I am not sure how a product like this can be sold and advertised as an anti-itch preventitive but I will never buy or use this product again."
"Doctor did blood work and found I had Low T, started today with two tubes 1%. The smell is clean and barely noticiable.  Maybe different for different people.  Anyway I will post back."
"I took the first dose at 7:55am.I had kept both bottles in the refrigerator as instructed. The taste was not as awful as anticipated but there was so much of it that it took nearly 15 minutes to finish. I felt bloated &amp; uncomfortable. I took the second dose at 8:20 am &amp; had much more difficulty getting it down. Finally tossed about 4 ounces down the drain.I really thought I was going to throw it all up.I was given a cup with another half bottle of Volumen to drink as soon as I got to the clinic.That was warm &amp; tasted worse. After waiting for 10 minutes I was taken to the room for the CT Enterography &amp; given the second half of the bottle to drink.I was already having to urinate every 5 minutes by then but got through it.Had diarrhea all day"
"I am so thankful for this medication! It has saved me countless trips to the ER due to severe, gripping panic attacks. It took about 8 years of anxiety, useless &quot;trying&quot; of several SSRI&#039;s, and DOZENS of trips to the hospital hyperventilating, shaking, screaming with my pulse approaching 200 before a smart doctor finally prescribed Me Xanax. 
I take the medication on an as-needed basis, and sparingly.
I take 0.25mg (half pill) to prevent anxiety attacks when anticipating an panic-inducing situation. I take 0.50mg at the first signs an attack is starting. The quickest, most effective route is to lightly crush the pill with your teeth and let it dissolve beneath your tongue. 
My experience with Xanax is pretty much identical to that of Ativan."
"I have had 7 surgeries, 5 lower back, 2 neck fusions and still have 5 herniated discs in my thoracic spine.  Avinza with 10/325 has been a Godsend. I also have muscle spasm throughout my back at all times.  I have been taking 120mg every 12 hours with the Percocet for breakthrough pain.  Add muscle relaxers and I still had pain but could function.  My biggest problem was my last surgery the hospital didn&#039;t have any so they had to work out an equal dosage of Dilaudid.  It worked but I was far better with my Avinza.  I only wish the hospital would allow you to bring your own, they can administer it. "
"I was very depressed during and after my pregnancy. Finally I found a good doctor and she prescribed Zoloft. I felt the difference from the beginning. I had some side effects but nothing major, however the only complaint I have is the weight gain. I take 25mg daily, a very low dose but I am getting very heavy. I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for almost 2 years and feel okay but not cured."
"Let me start by saying that all birth control is have ever tried has had some of these side effect for me. The positive side of Nuvaring is that it is very easy to use. You put it in and forget it. Great. You can also forget about your sex drive! In just 2 weeks of use, mine vanished. That didn&#039;t matter since I also had bleeding, mood swings and felt so bloated I doubt I was all that sexy to my husband anyway. I also felt mentally &quot;slow &quot; like I was in a daze and couldn&#039;t really process things or even think of what word I was looking for. I retained so much water that when I stopped using it, I lost 6 pounds overnight. I had headaches, felt unmotivated, and indifferent about life. Adding more hormones to your normal levels = crazy."
"I have been given this medication 4 times this year. The first time was in March for a pulled tooth. The second was after my gallbladder surgery, third was after hernia ,and this time was for some more dental work. For years both codeine and hydrocodone gave me horrible side effects and reactions. But I think I&#039;ve built up some tolerance to medicines over the years. I have to take Phenegran with it and half a Benadryl. It makes me semi nauseated and itchy. It mellows me out and helps oh so much with pain. I have been given various strengths and even liquid form. Works great!"
"I to used the 7 day treatment cream and man I cried from applying the cream on the outside. So I put 2/3 water and 1/3 vinegar and sat in the tub and rinsed. It burns like hell but it stops the itch that makes you want to rip your vagina off."
"I just started this medication a few days ago and I am on 10 mg twice per day..I would have to say it works very well on my neck and back pain and my nauseating migraines which all result from a car accident and I&#039;m only 23 years old. I luckily have a very nice understanding doctor and know what I&#039;m going through and he has never turned me down when I&#039;ve needed an increase or change in meds."
"Seemed to be working only for the first 6 months then it slowly stopped working and I had to go through incredibly hard withdrawal symptoms."
"I&#039;ve been on cryselle for a year and a half. I Havent had any side effects till recently. I take 4 packs then have my period. I have extremely bad cramps but I always have. No birth control has ever made them better. I noticed just last week when I was off the pill and on my period I was happier. I do have mood swings that are sometimes crazy. I also don&#039;t have a sex drive. I will be trying a new form of birth control to see if my mood changes along with my sex drive,  but I&#039;m scared to try new things while by body adjusts. If nothing works I will get back on cryselle."
"I&#039;m writing a review to hopefully help others who haven&#039;t taken Vyvanse yet and want some information on what to expect. I felt REALLY uneasy and nervous prior to taking my first Vyvanse dose and it was honestly not worth the worry. 

I started at 40mg to help with my ADHD. I read lots of reviews how it makes you feel high and super active. I felt a little bit of a buzz but not high. It was just a pleasant feeling of happiness. I&#039;m sure it&#039;s different for everyone, but mine wasn&#039;t extreme. I also felt like I had more energy, but not enough to obsessively clean my house like others that left reviews. 

Definitely take it early. It will keep you up otherwise. Only complaint so far!"
"After battling cystic acne and continuous breakouts well into my late 20s I tried Tactupump, a combination of adapalene and benzoyl perioxide. It originally made my breakouts more frequent, but that was referred to by my doctor as a purging phase. After 4 months my skin was not only better and after 8 months my skin is near perfect. My scars have disappeared and I&#039;m not longer getting any breakouts. I never write reviews but I truly believe this is an effective product for those who have tried everything else in at their disposal for adult acne. The only downside is that it bleaches pillow cases and towels so get white linens."
"I have a dry cough. I took the medicine before bed. I continued to cough and I did feel restless and had more difficulty falling asleep after coughing fits."
"I started taking it at the beginning of October and since then I have noticed I have gained weight. It also makes me extremely moody. So I&#039;m not very happy with it."
"I had the Mirena for 2.5 years and just had it removed as I couldn&#039;t take the non-stop bleeding and migraine headaches anymore. The bleeding has already stopped and the pelvic tightness has already eased. I&#039;ve had virtually no sex drive for a long time but didn&#039;t make the association until I started doing more research. I am 47 and got it for heavy periods and cramping but wish I had done something else. It just wasn&#039;t worth the misery of the past two years."
"Prescribed suboxone to treat chronic pain. Medication is very effective treating pain - far better than opiates, anti seizure meds and antidepressants. Does cause some mouth tenderness and nausea. No mental status changes experienced while taking suboxone (unlike opiates do.) Suboxone provides coupon card to cover my copay. Out of pocket expense is $0."
"I started this drug on the 27/09/2017 Chermydur 60mg XL tablets isosorbide 5 mononitrate, I have read some reviews and I can clearly say most of them sound the same. I took my first tablet before I went to bed and woke up in the morning feeling like I have been hit over the head with a brick, my eyes were hurting stiff neck and a severe headache. I am not sure if I am going to carry on taking this medication or give it a chance because I just hate having Angina."
"The best medicine for me. I have tried all of the pain medicines and this one works the best along with Soma."
"Works very well to relax back muscles"
"I have been on it for about a month now, keep getting hit with random Nausea, vomiting and of course the &#039;other&#039; problem.  It is NOT constant, but I never know when it will hit.  My sugars have been great and I have lost some weight; I just hope that the side effects do end soon.  I was on Byetta and then Victoza, could not bear the increase on Victoza.  Keeping fingers crossed that this will work in the long term."
"I was on Methotrexate for 3-4 years after trying every option I started 17.5mg when I was 19. 
It cleared my psoriasis perfectly! 

I struggled with side effects. Weakness and exhaustion, loss of appetite which lead to severe weight loss, and nausea. 
I changed to the injections at 20mg, and found a huge differences in side effects. Still not a lot of energy but not going through my stomach was better for the nausea and appetite so I could get healthy. 
I stayed on methrexate for as long as I could before I felt it was draining me. 
Now I am off it for 1 year and hav bad psoriasis again i wondering if it&#039;s best to go back on.  both effect you in different was, emotionally and phsically."
"It helped me to calm my racing thoughts and get to sleep and stay asleep."
"I have started to take 200 mg in July 2015. I have gained weight to much , nearly 20 kg. I have taken 100 mg in December 2015 and now I have been taking 50 mg. I want to quit Seroquel. Because I feel like zombie . I sleep very well but I can&#039;t get up early and I often go to work too late. During the day I feel tired and asleep. For mind and brain is good but damages of Seroquel is more than benefits of it , I think. It does addiction . I want to quit it or I want to take 25 mg any more."
"A reasonably good drug at controlling my moderate, seasonal asthma (I was diagnosed with asthma in my early 40s, during allergy season I have moderate asthma symptoms -really crummy lungs with wheezing - though I&#039;ve never had an actual asthma attack. During non-allergy season I don&#039;t need any maintenance, most years).  However, I had to stop taking the medication for two reasons: first, the drug made my heart race which was a huge problem at night- I couldn&#039;t sleep. It also made me somewhat anxious and short tempered.  I thought I had generalized anxiety.  Instead, it was the medication giving me the symptoms (now that I&#039;m off the drug my heart rate is fine, and the jumpiness has disappeared).  The other drawback was severe hoarseness."
"Has been effective at preventing pregnancy. I&#039;ve decided to stop taking it due to side effects. The first 2 months my breasts were extremely tender. I experienced some depression symptoms and mood problems in the first month, which I initially thought went away, but I think I just got used to them. Looking back, I&#039;ve been WAY more emotional at times (cry at least 2-3 times a week now, used to cry 2-3 times a year) and also fairly flat (don&#039;t really get excited about anything anymore). My sex drive has been almost non-existent while on Reclipsen. I used to be keen like all the time and now even extensive foreplay can&#039;t really get me going, which makes it pretty pointless to even be on it. Periods are short and light, which I will miss."
"Works great"
"I was given this for a severe sinus infection, I have taken the full prescription as noted and am still suffering ailments of the sinusitis, each time the med is taken I cough uncontrollably, have the nastiest metallic taste in my mouth along with nausea and an enormous amount of heartburn,feverish feeling almost like I am sunburned I took 2 150mg 4x a day for 10 days. Will try to avoid this one next time."
"I&#039;ve been prescribed this medication a few times in my life. This last time my infection was bad enough that the pills made me really sick. They work very well. Just gotta get over the side effects for the first few days. It helps to get an anti nausea medication prescribed with it. DRINK TONS OR WATER. It will possibly stop you from having any side effects."
"I was having HORRIBLE cramps from being so constipated and knew instantly to go buy a Fleet. Cleared everything right up! No more cramps either!"
"This was the second birth control I tried. The first made me very moody and irritable so I switched to sronyx and it was great. I had absolutely no side effects. I&#039;ve been on it for 3.5-4 years now and I&#039;m starting to notice some changes. I&#039;ve been getting bad acne (I&#039;ve never had acne in my life, maybe a spot a month). I&#039;m not sure if this is due to my increasing age (22)/lifestyle habits or the BC. Also I have gotten so moody, irritable, grumpy, anxious, and depressed (again I don&#039;t know if I can say the pill caused this but it slowly crept up on me and I can&#039;t figure out another reason for it). I&#039;m not sure if it was a long term thing effect or what but it&#039;s making my relationship with my boyfriend of 3 years suffer"
"I was diagnosed years ago with dysmennorhea and every since then I have been completely miserable while on my periods. (Back pain, leg pain, cramping, clots, diarrhea, nausea, loss of appetite, etc) I couldn&#039;t attend work or school because it made me so sick. I felt like the pain was worsening every month.. Tylenol quit working, tramadol had no effect, I had to take a Lortab to feel relief. So I asked my Dr for birth control pills and since taking them I have such a light period I forgot I was on it.. it only lasted four days. I am relieved of the horrible symptoms and I can finally live a normal life. However there were side effects of this drug, as expected (rash, nausea, loss of appetite, vaginal infection)  but they are manageable."
"Over the last few weeks, I&#039;ve been struggling with nasal congestion on and off with the rapid changes of weather we have been experiencing in Texas. I figured that by drinking plenty of non-caffeinated fluids (i.e. mostly water, herbal teas, etc), my condition would go away on its own. I do not believe in using medicines to solve small problems like headaches and colds, but with only hours to spare before a presentation at work I gave in and tried Sinex. 

I have never had such a quick turn-around from not being able to breathe through my nose at all to having near perfect breathing in a matter of seconds. My family has stood by Vicks products for years and I most certainly can and will recommend Sinex Spray as a solution to nasal congestion."
"I was originally on Beyaz to treat an array of symptoms, mainly: acne, cramping, mood swings, vomiting upon arrival of period.  Beyaz was bad the first month and then I didn&#039;t really have any problems with it after the first month... except it DECIMATED MY SEX DRIVE!  
When my insurance unexpectedly stopped covering all birth controls I got the cheapest birth control available, TriNessa.  The first month was bad. On the white week I was fine but by the second week I was in pain all the time. 
However, I remembered that, I guess with my body, the first go-round with hormones is always the roughest.  I decided to stick it out another month and I&#039;m so glad I did. No adverse side effects. And my sex drive is back."
"Would definitely recommend this for severe depression and anxiety.  Very few side effects and I started feeling better within a week.  Definitely a life saver for clinical depression and anxiety."
"I was taking Prozac for few years to treat my symptoms of depression, but I could still feel anxiety and irrational fears (like being alone in the house), then my therapist suggested to switch to Paxil CR and my whole world has changed.  I&#039;m not scared anymore and I feel a lot better.  I am optimistic, enthusiastic, outgoing, etc.  Paxil works for me."
"I smoked for almost 20 years and I had smoked between 1 to 2 packs a day. I quit smoking going on to my 3rd week of using Chantix and I also quit taken Chantix at the end of my 3rd week. It&#039;s now been 7 years and 3 month that I been smoke FREE... I never had any side effects nor any bad dreams."
"I have been taking Voltaren since I herniated a disc in my lumbar spine in 1999.  I have had NO adverse reactions.  I have had 2 surgeries, the last in 2007 and was off my medication for 8 months and as soon as I took 1 tablet, I could feel the difference! I highly recommend this medication to all my friends and anyone who needs an anti-inflammatory."
"Second day on meds.  I was so glad people took time to post a review on  Epclusa as now I am not worried about side effects
and most who take this get cured

I do have that hangover feeling , fatigue and  I am tired

so thank you people"
"amazing stuff for joints and muscles alike.
after two surgeries, I use it along with pain meds for PT.
I use it in place of advil, aspirin or ibuprofin as an anti-inflammatory.  it&#039;s not just for your joints!  use it on muscle pain too, but remember it&#039;s real medicine so you need to pay attention to the bead measuring stick that&#039;s in the box.  less is more, so use it sparingly at first so you can add more if you need it."
"I have L5-S1 problems and S1 renervation/denervation causing mild foot drop plus I just had SLAP tear (shoulder) surgery in February of this year.  I&#039;ve used Tramadol for so many years that I&#039;m pretty much immune to it and I can&#039;t sleep if taken past 4PM.  Nucynta acts totally opposite for me. I take it with 75mg of Lyrica and 0.25mg of alprazolam before bed and I&#039;m sleeping better than ever. Nucynta might make you nod.  I&#039;m a hyper person and it puts me down. Enjoy!"
"8 months into Lupron plus Casodex and I am refusing the next 3 month shot. PSA went from 5.7 to .2 to .1 and am just finishing up 9 weeks of radiation. GL scores were mostly 9&#039;s but no metastatic found. To say a less common side effect is loss of libido is just plain BS. About a month after the first shot I was done with sex, doc said once the testosterone is gone that&#039;s normal. Little aches and pains linger, balls shrink, lost all hair under my arms and slow growing elsewhere. Sometimes seem in a fog mentally. Hot flashes like you wouldn&#039;t believe till they offered me other meds, which help somewhat, Put on 5 lbs of blubber below the belly. Lack of energy as well.  It works but I think DRs. keep you on it too long for Stage 1 or 2 cancers."
"Got UTI for the first time I&#039;m 25 years old female no health problems. Allergic to bactrim they perscribed me ciprofloxacin and I didn&#039;t go to hospital at early signs of symptoms so it went to my kidneys so they gave me cipro 500 for 7 days every 12 hours and in 4 days I felt instant relief and no pain. Drank lots of water, had no dairy or iron or zinc while taking medication and it cleared up infection in just 5 days. I continued to take the meds for the other two days. This pill has a lot of bad reviews but is a miracle pill in my favor. Had no side effects except for chills other than that I was fine. Cleared up infection in 7 days would definitely recommend for UTI and kidney infection. Happy patient."
"I typically don&#039;t get cold sores. I&#039;ve only had 3-4 in my whole life, and they began when I was 25 years old. I get them every 1-2 years. I chose to use Abreva because it alleviates the pain, and is supposed to help with healing time. The Abreva in the US now comes in a pump form, and is much more liquid than the original. Abreva never cured my fever blisters in the 2.5 days they say it can, but it did used to help. This time, it exacerbated my blister, and it is HUGE! It has not spread like the other reviews have stated, but it&#039;s larger than normal, and I can only imagine that it&#039;s the Abreva I&#039;ve been using 5-8 times a day. Do not use this product. It either doesn&#039;t work, or it makes it worse. Both are bad scenarios. Use vanilla extract."
"I attempted to switch from Prozac (which I take in combination with Lamictal and Wellbutrin) to Viibryd to get rid of the sexual side effects of Prozac. Despite my high hopes for the medicine, I got progressively worse while titrating from Prozac to Viibryd. After about a month, I sunk until a major depression and nearly had to be hospitalized, so I went back on Prozac. Viibryd seems to be working well for many other people, but unfortunately I&#039;m not one of them. No side effects from the Viibryd, although I wasn&#039;t off Prozac long enough to judge whether Viibryd would be better in terms of sexual side effects."
"Before I start my review just know that I rarely ever review anything. I had the Nexplanon implant for a little over two months and I got it removed yesterday. I thought myself invincible and figured most of the side effects wouldn&#039;t affect me; well, I was wrong. Within those two  months I became severely depressed, my hair started falling out, had swelling in my throat (to the point where breathing was a problem), my energy was non existent and I bled everyday with no signs of it stopping. You don&#039;t have to take a pill every day or worry about replacing it every month or so but please consider and read all the side effects before putting this in. It takes it&#039;s toll. Read EVERYTHING about it first."
"Hey y&#039;all it&#039;s me again. I finished using this product over Saturday night. No itching or burning or pain during the three days. (Well besides the slight itching the first night). An I feel a lot better down in that region. But now with it going on Tuesday tomorrow I&#039;m having a reddish/orange discharge/clumps almost to the same extent of a period but not quite it. Quite nervous about that but I saw on yahoo answers that it&#039;s normal depending on how bad the YI was. I can recommend this product to other people &amp; I say I believe it&#039;s worked. (I&#039;m not a doctor so I don&#039;t know for sure) Just make sure to take Tylenol before &amp; have ice cubes on standby because I know those can relieve symptoms others have reviewed having."
"it works."
"I&#039;ve had this for 1 year seems to be working good I&#039;m not pregnant. I used to get painful heavy periods all the time but since I&#039;ve started this BC I&#039;ve only had two very light periods that lasted 1-2weeks  both times the blood was brown like it was old or something. Sometimes it feels like it itches or I get some pain if I lay on it the wrong way."
"worked really good but the side effects were unmanageable.  Rinsed, gargled as instructed but developed thrush and swallowing was very painful. Discontinued use but took over 6 months to get over side effects. Now on Advair  and am so scared of this happening again that I take right before a meal so that food will clean the esophagus of the medication. Hope new drugs being tested will result in a drug as good as Symbicort but without the side effects! Are there any patches or injections available as I have severe Gerd and pills and inhalers cause me extreme pain."
"My periods were extreme bleeding/large and numerous blood clots to the point of anemia from fibroids that would affect whether I would leave the house.  I was using tampons and sometimes layering 2 pads next to each other and it still was not enough.  I hate taking medications, but felt I was to the point that I needed to try something. I took Lysteda (2pills/3xs a day)for my first time, it was amazing. Only used a tampon and light pad. Other periods after, bleeding was cut in 1/2. Side affect: occasional headache. Lets me manage periods while I prepare for uterine artery embolization."
"Blood sugars were running about 165 (controlled with diet and exercise), now average is 104.  Stopped my cholesterol medication and now controlled with milk thistle.  No side effects, was able to see results quickly."
"I have 1-2 chronic sinus infections a year and this time I was given Augmentin the first time and LET ME TELL YA. Im on the 2nd day and after the 2nd dose I woke up with my sinus headache basically GONE and it was sooo bad the day before. Only have clogged ears right now. No side effects besides a little bit of stomach pain but so tolerable, no nauseousness at alll"
"I&#039;m 21 and I&#039;ve been taking 72mg (two 36mg barrels) a day since I was about 17. Concerta changed my life. I was failing school and no matter how hard I tried, it didn&#039;t change anything. I became depressed, slept for 14+ hours a day, I gave up. Then I was prescribed and it changed my life. It keeps me focused, motivated, and energized. Though, the side effects are very real. I don&#039;t sleep much, which is why I usually don&#039;t take it on weekends to catch up on sleep. It kills my appetite, so I eat a big breakfast before I take it in the mornings. It does elevate my anxiety, and not saying it&#039;s something I suggest.. but I smoke cigarettes to help that. Oh, and I don&#039;t know if this is common or not.. But it keeps my digestive track regular!"
"The second I got my period I knew I would write a review since they helped me so much! New relationship, got carried away and he orgasmed completely inside of me 3 days after my period(08/03). Knew I probably wasn&#039;t very fertile but sperm sticks around so I took Plan B 10 hours later(08/04). Had 4 days of fatigue after taking and then a week of back aches and cramping. I thought I&#039;d get some spotting or bleeding in general but nothing happened, no breast pain. Thought something would happen after two weeks but nothing. Finally after a month I got my period!(08/28) so in retrospect I had a normal cycle with a lot more added anxiety. You will be ok!"
"I used 2 tablets of Cozaar 25 for 2 weeks with no results.  Dosage was raised to 4 tablets which I took for 2 more weeks with no results.  "
"I&#039;ve only been on this medication 1 wk and I&#039;ve gained 10lb..I haven&#039;t gained weight in over 5yrs. I&#039;m extremely bloated, water retention, headaches and severe cramping..I want to give it a chance but I&#039;m 42 and these symptoms aren&#039;t tolerable. I feel bipolar and on edge..I&#039;m scatter brained and very emotional....no bueno!!!"
"Never had a yi before. Tried this insert as it is a one day treatment and did not feel anything! No burning itching or crying from pain. I did wear a pantyliner because the product warns for discharge.overall i think it worked, only the 2nd day but my itch and redness is gone. I also used the anti itch cream yesterday and relieved the itch right away. Today is day 2, my discharge is a little chalky looking- other sites state that is normal and is the medicine exiting"
"i learned from patient reviews that taking magnesium helps mitigate side effects of arimidex. So I began taking magnesium glycinate before I even began the arimidex. I do think it helps. I am also following an anti-cancer diet. No muscle pain, no joint pain, only two very mild hot flashes, no weight gain, no headaches, no constipation, no mood swings. But when I had to take prednisone for 6 days for systemic poison ivy, I had lots of those side effects. If you check the list of magnesium deficiency side effects against arimidex side effects, you will find them very very similar. Been on arimidex 3 months and sticking with it so far."
"Loprox is excellent. I had excessive amounts of Seborrheic Dermititis. The solution cleared it up within a week. Yes, it does somewhat burn at first but in all reality is the best skin care on the market. I really do recommend that you speak to your doctor about Loprox."
"I have had Botox injections often over the past three years. For me they last about six months. My doctor performs the injections under general anesthesia so I don&#039;t feel a thing except for the IV that is the worst part for me. I have only gotten one UTI from the injections. I have Multiple Sclerosis, the doctor I have is knowledgeable about MS. We tried four different meds which didn&#039;t work. I have good luck with the injections so I plan on sticking with them."
"It was great until it came out 5 minutes ago. If you have heavy periods with clots don&#039;t get this. It just came out attached to a medium sized clot."
"on day 14 of otezla. the usual occasional headaches that i have been plagued with for years are now daily and can be quite intense, which is resulting in lost sleep. the nausea is almost constant. i was hoping for some weight loss, none yet. no diarrhea, in fact, it seems to be the opposite at times.  my red spots on legs, arms, feet and hands have doubled.  it&#039;s the start of summer and i am so discouraged. i wear a long sleeve shirt and long pants every day.  i am constantly paranoid about my skin and i stand a certain way, so people won&#039;t see my ghastly looking feet. i don;t like anyone walking behind me. i&#039;m stubborn so i will stick with it for now and just live with a headache, nausea and lots of red spots."
"I have got psoriatic arthritis all of my body, fingers, shoulders, knees, neck, but not on my skin. I just have a little psoriasis skin on my head. Had my first shot and within 12 hours my all pain gone. I can walk again.  It&#039;s like magic."
"I was on Effexor XR for about 4 years (started at age 18, weaned off at 22). Over the years, my dosage fluctuated between 37.5 and 300 mgs. 
It helped immensely throughout the first year. I was still feeling lethargic and such, but no longer had suicidal thoughts. 
The only side effects I had were ones that appeared when I&#039;d miss a dose. Night sweats, weird dreams, headaches. Annoying, but basically harmless.
After three years of being on this medicine, I realized it was no longer doing things for me that I couldn&#039;t do myself. I was supposed to be taking 37.5 mgs daily, but weaned myself off of it over a course of several months (check with your doctor first). I had little to no withdrawal symptoms and no major signs of a returning depression."
"After having my second child I had severe post natal depression. Counselling and group therapy didnt help all. Six months later I started on 50mg Pristiq, then 100mg after 2 weeks. At first side effects were quite full on. I took Pristiq in the morning, was full of energy. Then after lunch time, I was unbearably tired and had to have a nap, even for 20 mins. I just could not stay awake. I tried to take it at night but then I couldn&#039;t sleep. So, I stuck with taking it in the morning. The tiredness effect didn&#039;t last long, maybe a month? At the start there were also headaches but they soon subsided after about a month. It helped to take Pristiq with a full cup of water. I have been on it for a year and a half now and feel so much better."
"Excellent one time treatment"
"This product healed a decubitus that a quadraplegic patient had for 2 years after only 3 months of use. It is a wonder product."
"I&rsquo;ve been taking desipramine (the generic from Actavis) for depression since 2003, returning to it after trying many other meds.  It&rsquo;s the only one that helped, although high doses caused shortness of breath, low-back pain, nightmares, stress, and anxiety.  The key has been finding the correct dose.  An important discovery was that chocolate produces a synergistic effect.  Taking it in the evening right after a large serving of dark chocolate and 10 ounces of milk allows me to keep the dose and prescription costs low.  It&rsquo;s not nearly as effective without chocolate during the day.  But a problem is that it&rsquo;s addictive.  Increasing the dose made me more depressed but going down improved my mood, so finding the optimal one has been difficult."
"I was suffering from ppd/a. Zoloft and lexapro made me feel worse. I wanted to try paxil but the bad reviews scared me. Good thing I listened to my doctor because it&#039;s the only thing that has helped me. Side effects weren&#039;t bad. I haven&#039;t gained weight. I feel a little hyper sometimes but that just makes me actually want to get up and do things again."
"I finally have control over my excessive cravings which I have had for years! 2 months in and I am down to 225 lbs. from 245 lbs. when I started. I have tried nearly everything and have finally found something that is actually working. Even at full price I am still paying half of what I paid monthly for Medifast too. Also walking about 20 minutes a day. Looking forward to seeing more results!"
"OMG! This is death! Waaaaay worse than what I started with. I was on antibiotics and after started to have discomfort when peeing. No itch but I didn&#039;t want to wait to that point. Decided to get the devil egg. Worst decision EVER!! Not only now does it itch but it&#039;s on FIRE!!!!! I am trying to keep calm because my husband is sleeping but I want to scream! Why didn&#039;t I read reviews before buying! I don&#039;t know how to get rid of it. On top of it I have an interview for a job in 6 hours... can&#039;t imagine trying to get this job with my va jj burning like hell. HELP!! This demon egg has got to come out. "
"I had a difficult 2nd pregnancy and got this form of birth control on 7/27/16. The procedure was a little uncomfortable with very mild cramps but nothing I couldn&#039;t handle, I actually thought it was going to be worse based on reviews. I spotted for a few days and I&#039;m fine 3 days later. I haven&#039;t had sex yet and have not had a period yet so I cannot say anything on that yet and the reason I&#039;m rating it an 8. I will leave another review after."
"This medication has saved my life. I have mental clarity for the first time in years and all of the &quot;aches and pains&quot; have gone away. Occasional user of percocet and vicodin as a teenager, not addicted until prescribed by a physician.  I have irritable bowel syndrome and it seemed to cure my problems, along with keeping me high (and broke).  I would recommend this medication to anyone who is tired of chasing that high. It works, but you have to be ready to give up the high.  The first few days were horrible for me, but it definitely gets better!"
"The clinic I go to didn&#039;t have my usual birth control pill, so they gave me this instead, a three-month supply. I didn&#039;t get pregnant while using this medication, so it did what it was supposed to do. However, I could have done without the longer, heavier periods and the 15 lb weight gain that has taken me months to reverse (currently taking my usual birth control)."
"I am 37 and never had acne until 7 months ago. Pimples on my jawline and forehead with acne scars started to wear  on my self esteem. I&#039;ve been using epiduo for 5 days and can already see an improvement. I purchased a mild facial wash, toner and moisturizer with spf 20 from Clinique to use while I&#039;m in treatment. No irritation or flaking or burning, just clearer skin and the scars are starting to fade already. I use my normal skin regimen in the am and the epiduo at night. I love this product."
"My mother has a bipolar disorder..I just admitted it last month.  She suffers from manic depression for a year then after a year depression occurred..most of the time she does embarrassing things "
"I went on Epiduo at 20 years old, having acne since I was 17. My acne was moderate and occasionally moderately severe, my skin type normal/slightly sensitive. After day nr 2 of epiduo, I got an allergic reaction. My eyes swelled up, my whole face was rough and red and at one point I even had slight swelling in my throat. I went to the emergency room and was put under an IV drip of antihistamines or something. Call me crazy, but I didn&#039;t give up. After my face healed (i.e. was no longer dry as the desert and red), I started re-applying small amount every other day. Eventually working my way up to pea sized amounts per target area per night. It ALMOST cleared my acne up! I still have breakouts, but nothing what I used to three years ago."
"My doctor switched me from being on Zoloft for 2+years for anxiety/ depression, cause it stopped working. Though it was rough to come off 150 mg dose of Zoloft onto 5mg trintillix to current dose of 10 mg, my depression symptoms have mostly gone away. But as soon as I started 10 mg dose, I felt nauseated every time after taking it. After 1 week on 10mg, told my doctor about the nausea, she said the benefits outweighed the side effects, to give it more time. 2 months later, nausea is so bad,I feel like trash! It doesn&#039;t matter if I take it with/ without food, or the time of day I take it, it makes me nauseous all the time and vomit on several occasions. I also get severe acid reflux, so I&#039;m about to quit this med, it&#039;s not worth it!"
"I go through over all body pain due to Lupus &amp; Fibromyalgia &amp;  my lower back pain is the pits even  though I take prescription pain relievers. I&#039;ve mentioned to my Dr about changing them, feeling that I&#039;m just used to them &amp; therefore they don&#039;t help the way they did before. So  now  have I taken upon myself to try this OTC product &amp; was amazed &amp; delighted as to how well it took care of my back pain including my hips... It took at least 20-30 min to take effect &amp; now I take it faithfully (for the time being :) I very much recommend it to anyone who suffered with back pain, you wont be disappointed plus its so affordable."
"As someone with anxiety and emetophobia, I never am without this. Instantly relieves the anxiety associated with nausea and the nausea itself. Amazing stuff"
"Crazy start during 1st of holidays (Oct.) but had upper endoscopy done to help with some constriction. The extra weight was affecting my health and wellbeing so I did not want to wait to start. My doc had a trial kit to start with then I got my first month&#039;s prescription. Used insurance to absorb part of the cost and the coupon that was given by the manufacturer.  Dubious &amp; nervous of injections, I pushed forward as possibility of better health was worth the anxiety of sticking myself. Needles are tiny &amp; you inject into the fatty areas so you don&#039;t really feel it while sticking. There can be achiness or stinging in the injection site sometimes. Started having rash &amp; itching at some shot sites but have lost 8 lbs. &amp; feel like exercising now."
"I have had over a dozen MAJOR surgeries. Opium tolerant, I recently went for a shoulder replacement. When the anesthesiologist injected Propothol into my IV, I experienced - not some little burn - but some of the most INCREDIBLE PAIN of my life. It literally felt like someone had injected sulphuric acid into my veins and it was now making it&#039;s way through my veins. This lasted @10 seconds before I went under. I remember screaming and thought I would break the nurse&#039;s hand. Unfortunately, I have endured some pain many will never experience in their life... unfortunately, this rated among some of the worst."
"I am so frustrated. My endocrinologist keeps saying my labs are just right on 88 mcg daily of levothyroxine. But I am miserable since thyroidectomy 3 years ago. He originally had me on a higher dose but brought it down twice. I&#039;ve gained 35 pounds, lost a lot of my hair, have constant headaches, vision problems, body aches  and absolutely no energy! The doctor says it&#039;s not because of my thyroid meds and says there is no alternative medication and he will not increase the dosage either. I am increasingly depressed by this but don&#039;t know where to turn. I have also lost much bone mass but refused Prolia because of known side effects."
"After reading all of the horrible reviews on this site I was terrified to take Macrobid. I waited two days hoping that the symptoms would clear and I wouldn&#039;t have to take this &quot;awful poison.&quot; Everything I read talked about flu&#039;like symptoms and high fevers..Scary stuff.  I finally gave in and took my first dose around 9:00am. By around 1:00pm I had a bit of a headache which was mostly controlled with Advil. Same side effect with the second and third dose. By day three I was side effect free and nearly symptom free too. I would take this again in heartbeat. Don&#039;t let the reviews scare you. Everyone reacts differently and you can&#039;t base what your experience will be off of the bad experience others had."
"NUVIGIL works excellent on treating my clinical depression resistant to an antidepressant such as Zoloft. I have never felt so much in control, until I took NUVIGIL."
"I have MS and the lowest testosterone levels my Doctor has ever seen, and frankly the first two months I&#039;ve seen libido increase, mood elevation, even hair growing back where it was receding on my scalp line but nothing super drastic, so don&#039;t run out and get it for baldness or nothing like that. 

As for applying it, I&#039;ve found leaning backwards like an desk office lounger like I have in my den slowly under each arm with shirt off and a fan going which I happen to have in the corner of that den, one of those 4 foot vertical Lasko&#039;s, and it dries almost immediately.  

I&#039;m hoping improvements continue since I have many problems associated with MS, crippled on my left leg and foot-drop. Any improvements are welcomed with wide open arms!"
"Concerns about a birth control drug called &quot;Nikki&quot; - the same exact thing as &quot;Gianvi&quot;? Doubt it: Took Gianvi for 4 years and gained 5 lbs. Then my provider switched me to &quot;Nikki&quot;. In 3 months, I lost 15 pounds. Great, right? No, my backside and breasts went flat. I was alarmed, I looked like a boy, like I didn&#039;t have breasts at all. My OBGYN said it could not *possibly* be the drug and that I should go get a blood test and physical. Tests came back normal. Went off Nikki, gained 10 pounds. Gave Nikki another chance to see if it was a fluke. Quickly lost the 10 pounds I&#039;d regained. I looked like I was dying. Went off Nikki again. Gained all 15 pounds of my weight back. Called my OBGYN again. She says it&#039;s a coincidence. I don&#039;t think so."
"I am 53 years old.  I have had serious problems with the constipation due to irritable bowel syndrome, for years.  I was only able to take Zelnorm for two months before it was removed from the market, but they were the best two months of my later adult years.  No pain, easy bowel movements, loss of doughy feeling in my abdomen, less tired, and more symptoms were gone with Zelnorm.  If you can&#039;t bring it back, please find an alternative that works as well.  PLEASE!"
"Overall, in my experiences I have learned that in terms of extremes... the  Methylphenidates will turn you into an emotionless robot, hollow inside, socially avoidant person unable to experience life&#039;s pleasures. Nothing makes you happy, but at the same time,  nothing can make you sad. 
 
Whereas with the Amphetamines (like Adderall and lesser extent Vyvanse) you become an extremely emotional, almost volatile, person who can experience pleasures in an extreme way. You get so overjoyed by the little things but the smallest of pet peeves can really set you off. 

Vyvanse has been the best one for me. Just be aware of how you are treating those you love especially several months after starting. You may need a secondary med to balance mood."
"So far my insurance hasn&#039;t covered the medication but MS One to One covers it (insurance company didn&#039;t get the copaxone documentation that said that I had 3 relapses while on this). After the insurance finally covers it, my copay should be $0. I don&#039;t like the packaging and do punch out the pills to put in my pill box. Hopefully this doesn&#039;t cause issues with their efficacy. I had thinning hair before starting the medication so I&#039;m not sure if that&#039;s any issue but I still have this now. I did go to the Urgent Care as I was having deep burning pain in my sciatic region. I had fallen 10 days earlier and figured that it was residual pain from that. Then I noticed that is a side effect of this medication. Hopefully that gets better with time."
"I tried this medication for anxiety held in there for 5 months at 20mg/day.
I went into a full depression, was a zombie with no motivation to do anything at all. The exhaustion was terrible, sleeping 12hrs at night with needing naps during the day.
I did notice I wasn&#039;t shaky when dealing with people but my view on the world was so bleak and I didn&#039;t want to do anything.
I&#039;d rather be shaky from my anxiety and have energy and want to be part of the world then what I went through on this medication.
Just awful...within 5 days of weening myself off of it, I had my energy back, and felt positive again"
"This is a beta-blocker and makes me feel awful!  Nausea, dizziness, sleepy but restless, but the nausea is the worse. It may help some people, but my side effects are worse than the alternative!"
"Took Klonopin first and I felt drunk. My speech was slurred and it was too strong for me. I took 4 tablets a day. Then switched to TEVA Clonzepam and panic attacks are gone shaking gone not being able to walk or talk gone able to drive once and a while at times I still suffer from panic in my sleep but not like before. I feel very confident on this medication The only real drawback is that it is a controlled substance and during a winter storm if I cannot get my medicines I start shaking and can&#039;t talk or walk. "
"Lamictal has been a lifesaving mood stabilizer for me. The only serious downside is that it causes what I call &#039;old lady skin&#039;- thin, fragile, and poor healing, as well as mucous membrane fragility. 

I initially did very well on 200 mg and suddenly developed severe rash eight months in (rare for it to take that long). I successfully (and slowly) rechallenged, and 200mg is where the skin issues kick in. I&#039;m back down to 150mg and my slow-healing bug bites from the summer are finally fading away!

HOWEVER, even if I had skin like the Crypt Keeper for the rest of my days, I can&#039;t praise Lamictal enough. It gave me my life back. What&#039;s a little skin in exchange?"
"I started taking this medication and within a few days I noticed the bottom of my feet were getting sensations like air bubbles. At first that did not bother me but then it turned painful. As soon as I stopped the bubbles were less intense and went away after a few more days. The accidents I had were still there. I did not seem to have any effect on the frequency either."
"I suffered with sciatica for about 4 years , I tried P.T, pain meds and nothing worked until i tried Diclofenac 50mg. no more pain meds for me whoop whoop!"
"Started using Spiriva in 2003 and noticed much improvement in breathing and endurance. As my emphysema has worsened and flare-ups occurred more frequently, my pulmonologist added Onbrez and it too is very helpful. The combination is effective for me, FEV1 went from 37% to 52%. My principal side effect is dry mouth, but a sip of water now and then beats shortness of breath or worse."
"I have had an opiate addiction for 5 years. Major back disc problems. Some surgery. But I needed more and more to function. I decided for my family and myself it was time to quit. I needed to stop chasing for drugs when my script ran out. I went 24 hours without Oxycodone and it was bad but I started Suboxone today. I needed two 8mg pills to start and all the withdrawal went away. Amazing. I hope not to be on it too long. My Doctor said 6 months possibly but I think it will be a lot less. I want to be off everything. Right now I feel great!"
"When I was 19 I developed pulmonary blood clots as a result of using traditional birth control pills, and so I cannot use many types of hormone based birth control methods. I tried the Paragard IUD, which was miserable (awful cramping/ super heavy periods.) So, I had that removed about a year after it was inserted. After a year of just using condoms, I went back to my GYN to see if I had any other options. This is when she pointed me into the direction of Nexplanon. I had it implanted in June of this year. I haven&#039;t had a period since. A little spotting in the beginning, but nothing major. Its been great. The only thing is that I HAVE had a little random cramping, but nothing ibuprofen can&#039;t fix. I love it, but will update if that changes."
"I&#039;ve been on Advair for several years which worked great for maintenance of my ashtma-no side effects. Though, my health insurance changed and they don&#039;t cover Advair anymore. Dr put me on Symbicort. After the first two weeks I&#039;ve developed side effects of nervousness, light-headedness, and the most distressing-ringing in the ears. Now I&#039;m going on a month on Symbicort and still the ringing persists. Lung function is great. I&#039;ve never needed my rescue inhaler on Symbicort or Advair either.
Now in the process of trying to get my insurance company to pay for Advair which I prefer in the first place."
"So, the boyfriend and I had a slip up when the condom broke and he finished before we knew the condom had broke. Almost exactly 24 hours later I took Plan B one step. I had felt fine until about 2-3 days later I had experienced mild cramping and nausea. This eventually left.  When my period was due I had sore breasts and mild cramping. I was a WEEK LATE. It&#039;s normal. When my period finally arrived it was the worst cramps I&#039;ve ever felt. The blood was dark brown and eventually through out the day turned dark red. It is a very heavy flow. Do not worry if you&#039;re 1-3 weeks late guys. Maybe take a pregnancy test after a week of a missed period. This pill is highly effective. Good luck."
"I love this pill. I still have cramps but they went from lasting 3 days to just one. I go through way less tampons and pads. I can make it through the night without bleeding everywhere. The best benefit of all: I am no longer moody. I feel like myself all month long. I am in LOVE with sprintec"
"I took Ellaone like end of oct time on the same day as i had unprotected sex. I only took it coz my period app said i have a medium chance of getting preg and as am usually carefull i didn&#039;t want to take any chances..so here we are 21days days late and panicking although all the preg tests i have done were all negative!!"
"Worked great! Never gained weight back!"
"I started this medication for weight lose, bipolar, migraines. Seems like it may just be perfect...hopefully. I just finished my first week and lost 3 pounds! I workout 5-6 days a week but due to antidepressants making me gain so much weight, regardless of my diet and exercise I am fat. So today stepping on that scale and seeing 3 POUNDS LIGHGTER! I am a very moody person but the medicine seems to be making it right, moods seem to be very level. And haven&#039;t had one migraine! No side effects other than weight loss and loss of appetite..can&#039;t complain about that!"
"Completely effective. No side effects other than me being slightly more anxious after my first few doses, which was likely due to fear of possible side effects. Started to take effect after about three weeks. Been on it for three months and excessive anxiety has disappeared and I now wake up feeling great most mornings. Still go through normal cycle of emotions but it&#039;s like night and day compared to before i was taking it. Highly recommend it."
"I absolutely love Nuva Ring. I can&#039;t feel it and neither can my partner during sex. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this unless you are in a relationship because the man can feel it while fingering but not sex. I love the fact that I don&#039;t even have to think about taking my birth control. My face seems to be clearer. A lot of women said their sex drive went down but I feel like mine went up. I highly recommend the NuvaRing to everyone I know."
"I used this for post operative pain. It controlled pain to the point that was comfortable but not completely pain free. I was taking 2 tabs every 4 hours as needed. My only side effect has been ears roaring, not ringing, full ROAR waving up and down. It is a bit unnerving but better then the pain."
"I started contrave on March 23rd.  I have not had any side effects and try to take it with some yogurt.  I am 5&#039;5 and weigh 250lbs.  After taking this medicine for 4 days I have lost 5lbs.  I am pretty happy with the results so far.  Will update later after I&#039;ve been on it for a while.  My insurance would not cover it originally but my doctor faxed over for a prior authorization and my insurance approved it so I only had to pay $47."
"I&#039;ve been on doxycycline for about a week now for a bout of Lyme disease and other than some moderate to severe drowsiness (which may be - and is - part of the disease, but does get more severe when I take the antibiotic), and being absolutely unable to take it on an empty stomach (to do so results in nausea and, worse case, vomiting), I have to say I&#039;m feeling much better quite quickly.  If taken with food, I have no side-effects whatsoever.  One of the best and most mild antibiotics I&#039;ve had to take."
"This medicine is a life saver. This one keeps me away from depression and works really well with other medicines. I&#039;m now only taking Zoloft with it and I have never felt so good in my 8 years of being medicated! These two drugs are easy on the body and have very few side effects like the anti-psychotics. Please talk to your doctor about it, you will not regret it!"
"My Dermatologist prescribed me Aczone (morning) and Veltin (similar to Retin A in the evening)....Wow! my 4 month results are amazing. I think Aczone played a major part in minimizing my current cystic acne and keeping newly formed acne under control. My friend started using Retin A for the same reasons, during the same time I started my treatment. Our results were night and day. A lot of treatments will make your acne &quot;get worse before it gets better.&quot; The major benefit of Aczone is not going through that phase.

so far so GREAT! I am completely acne free..I haven&#039;t had a pimple in almost a month! "
"I have been taking this medicine with another blood pressure medicine for about 5 years with good results. The one side effect I have, is pain in my legs, which I am trying to help with exersize."
"Was neutropenic and after several (3) injections of Neupogen, my white cell count was greatly increased. I had one injection in the arm and two in the stomach. Achy and tired for several days after injections, but feeling much better less than a week later."
"I really don&#039;t know the effectiveness but I do know this medicine causes me severe burning sometimes lasting for hours at a reduced level.  Although the doctor said this does happen and isn&#039;t something to be concerned about I have my doubts.  I have been using it for 2 weeks 3 times per day and have a week to go."
"I have had this in for about a month now, maybe longer. But so far I have had non stop bleeding, no sex drive, horrible mood swings, crying uncontrollably, hot flashes, so tired all the time...I mean exhausted. Terrible cramps, so bad I can barely walk at times. Stomach pains, I have no appetite I take one bite of something and I feel like I just ate a four course meal. I swear it seems like every possible side effect there is I have. Just not meant for me I guess."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for a few months now and I love it! I was very concerned about side effects, but after sharing my concerns with my lady doctor, she suggested I try this pill. My breasts were a bit tender for the first few weeks, but that&#039;s it. My breasts grew, my periods are now only 3 days long and no PMS. I love it!"
"While I was on it:
I was on it for one year. My skin was beautiful, it was dry but I just used cetaphil cream to help that, chapstick for the dry lips. I did feel a little down (in mood) sometimes but it was not very bad and I would get over it in about 5 days.

After I was off it:
The first month was okay a pimple here or there. The second month was a little worse maybe 3 or four every week. and then it was more to about 8 per week and now it is back to about 10 to 15 pimples per week. I know it works different on different people for example my brother was on it when he was a teen and his acne was worse than mine before he was on it and now he has only had about 5 pimples total since he has been off (it has been 20 years since he has been"
"I have always practiced safe sex, but when I heard about Nexplanon I was like why not.. it&#039;s good for 3 years, and better safe than sorry. I got it inserted 2 months ago, and after the 3rd week I started spotting (my normal period would have came a week after.) I have been spotting/ been on my period since then, so about 5 weeks now. The light spotting was no big deal, but lately it&#039;s been pretty heavy as to where I have to wear a tampon, a panty liner is not enough. I had a follow up check up a month ago, and the Dr. said everything was good: my insertion spot had healed up nicely, and the spotting was normal. But how long is it going to take for my body to adjust to it!? "
"Prevented a trip to the ER."
"I&#039;m on cymbalta 30mg for my anxiety and depression and I have been on it for a month I have no side effects but nausea and being tired but that all went away in about 2 weeks but great meds works great for me"
"I was given this through an IV in the ER.  I had terrible nausea and Zofran didn&#039;t touch it.  Even though compazine did take my nausea away, it left me incredibly groggy yet restless.  I spent the entire rest of the day in a haze.  I&#039;ve never abused drugs but I would imagine this is how you would feel when coming off of some sort of high yet it lasts all day long.  I kept feeling angry and anxious as well.  I would much rather have nausea and will never take this medicine again!"
"I have had the Nexplanon since Oct. 2014. I loved it at first - I was so excited that I could be on a birth control that I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking daily and also make my period lighter, shorter, or even non existent. I was very concerned when my gyno said that It could cause some spotting but very rare. I definitely should have done more research because based on all these reviews it just shows that everyone has a problem with there periods being more existent than ever before. I have my period for 8 days on and then 8 days off. Literally every other week. I&#039;ve also gained at lease 5-10 lbs of weight. I&#039;ve been 10 X more moody. My face has never broken out like this before (it&#039;s aweful) pimples in places I&#039;ve never had."
"I suffer from severe anxiety, irritable bowel syndrome, and acid reflux disease. I have inflamed intestines quite often, which causes me to feel nauseous and on the verge of vomiting a few times a week. I got this medicine through an I.V. when I went into the Hospital for severe stomach pains, and was highly nauseous. It worked so well and relaxed me, I fell asleep for a few hours. They gave me a bottle and told me to use as needed. Now, when I have that feeling coming on, I&#039;ll pop one of those and relax &amp; sleep it off. Always wake up feeling much better!"
"I have a nasal disorder , depending which side i tried to sleep , that nostril  blocks if i turn to the other side that nostril will block  , i had a salivary gland problem that made my left side of my face swelled up especially under the ear , y went to the hospital , i was diagnosed with salivary canal infection , was sent to a nose throat and ear specialist , he prescribed  3000 ml of antibiotics a day for a period of ten days , i went back for a check up i was feeling better , y mentioned to the doctor that i had that issue with nose blockage , he prescribed Dymista  nose spray , i used it the same day the  next day my nose bled followed by 14 of these symptoms "
"I was prescribed 200-700mg for bipolar with psychotic features. At 200-400mg I slept well and woke up happy and felt content. Some symptoms remained, thus the increase to 700mg. At that level I had nightly blackouts where I would write belligerent texts to loved ones at night, and have no memory of it. I was horrified to learn of it later. I&#039;ve tried Geodon and Zyprexa with bad results like drooling somnolence and tachycardia. Next doctor visit I will ask to be put on 300 Seroquel. I had good results at that level, and wish to return to that. Looking forward to it. I&#039;m not on any anti-psychotic currently and I feel anxious."
"I had my first infusion almost 6 weeks ago and the 2nd 15 days later, i had no problems at all during the infusions which was painless. The day after the infusion I woke up with the feeling that my hands were burning and tingling badly, that lasted most of the day. After the 2nd infusion I woke up on and off during the night with my eye burning. I think my mobility has improved a bit but I hope it improves more over the next couple of weeks. For the last few days I have had pain in my neck and jaw and feelings of dizziness, hopefully this will pass. I will update my progress over the next few weeks."
"I am 26 years old and have a 4 year old. I wad diagnosed with scoliosis in my upper and lower spine at 13 years of age, and recently 5 bulged disc, sciatica, and a severe pinched nerve along with the sciatic. At first my doctor gave me a script for Percocet and I was able to function. She now will not prescribe the Percocet again, even though the pain clinic has recommended it for me. I also work 80 hours a week through the excruciating pain. "
"Epiduo has been a miracle for me! I have tried EVERYTHING with little to no success until now. No drying, no tightness, no burning, just results. Everyone&#039;s skin is different &amp; reacts to products differently, you won&#039;t know if it will work for you unless you try it. Personally very happy"
"To be honest, once I woke up from falling asleep after taking Flexeril, my mother thought I was drunk. I could not walk straight for the life of me, I was slurring, my vision was blurring and I can not remember half of the day after I woke up from my nap. I went to bed five hours after that and could not remember what happened. I will say I was VERY relaxed after taking it. Mom woke me up from my nap to go work with my cow and I had to carry a 5-gallon bucket of feed and all I could do was drag it."
"Use of this medicine is to very effective in treating the illnesses for which it is prescribed.  They will also admit that it is an extremely safe medicine to use. Valium when used by me, sporadically, as needed, effectively treats my anxiety episodes, which untreated would probably lead to ulcers."
"Glucophage XR 500mg or 1000mg Tabs (I either take 2~500mg Tabs in the Morning and 2~500mg Tabs with Dinner/Supper, or I take 1~1000mg Tab in the Morning and 1~1000mg Tab with Dinner/Supper.)
I Totally Love this medicine. It&#039;s been one of the best medicines that I have ever taken to help keep my BLOOD SUGARS UNDER CONTROL! &quot;UNLIKE THE GENERIC METFORMIN&quot;, THAT REALLY MESSED ME UP,  AND WAS MY WORST NIGHTMARE!  NOBODY WOOD LISTEN TO ME! MY DOCTOR&#039;S, MY PHARMACIST&#039;S, THE EMERGENCY ROOM, MY THERAPIST, MY PSYCHIATRIST, AND ESPECIALLY MEDICAID, AND MEDICARE PART D! SO AGAINST MEDICAL ADVICE I QUIT TAKING GENERIC &quot;METFORMIN&quot;, AND A YEAR AND HALF LATER  THEY PUT ME BACK ON GLUCOPHAGE XR! LIFE BECAME WONDERFUL AGAIN!"
"Worst medication on the damn planet. SO SO PAINFUL! Ladies please take it from all the bad reviews, the experience is horrible, it&#039;s burns you vagina like your having a damn campfire in there. Please do not even bother spending money on this ! Definitely never ever using this again"
"After having seizures back in December, doctor started me on lexapro for depress- made me sweat like crazy, light headed, uh, not function at work, then to zoloft, slightly better, still sweating intensely after first hour, seemed better than lexapro, stuck with it for 3 mos, no real change in depression; incredibly tired all day. Added Wellbutrin to mix, after 3 weeks couldn&#039;t be around any one, a total irritable ahole. Finally had enough, stopped wellbutrin and did extensive research about generics vs name brands. Despite FDA&#039;s approval many people report the generics are not nearly as effective. 3 days off fake wellbutrin, feel slightly better. getting of zoloft next. Perhaps brand names work, but i&#039;ll deal with my depression myself."
"This medicine helped me control my eating and to lose weight and bring my sugar down without dropping it to low. I was on another medication and it would drop my sugar too low and I was always having to take the sugar tablets to bring it back up. At first it upset my stomach but after a few weeks that was gone. It has worked very well for my husband  also and has kept both of our sugars at a normal rate."
"I had my gall bladder out in 2000. Then started the dreaded diarrhea!  I would be getting ready to leave for work and a simple cough or sneeze would send me running for the the shower because I had accidentally leaked. I got to the point I couldn&#039;t take it anymore!  It was truly ruining my life I had seriously considered something I won&#039;t mention here because my life was ruined with a cough or sneeze or lifting an object I was at my end. I started doing research on my own and found Welchol. I mentioned it to my Dr. On my next visit and she prescribed it.
I&#039;ve never been happier in my life!!!!!
It helped a lot I had insurance then but unfortunately I haven&#039;t had insurance in 3 years so honestly I have to choose food or liquid poo!"
"I had a abscess on my upper thigh so the docs gave me bactrim to take. Took 4 pills and had a really bad reaction to it. But the reaction was swollen vagina, itchy, sore and lesions from how swollen it got. Went to see a different doc because it was the weekend and they thought I had the herpes. Well I know my body and what herpes look like. They did the test. No herpes. So I go back to the same doc that gave me the bactrim and she said it was allergic reaction to it. Anyways its a severe yeast infection from the bactrim. They gave me to pills for yeast and the miracle cream. I have been taking it for two days now and feel/ see a big difference. Will never take bactrim and thank god for this miracle cream.  FYI bactrim is banned in uk."
"I have been on Tradjenta for 90 days. I have gained 13 pounds, my daily fasting numbers are up by 20 points, my joints and back ache regularly, I have diarrhea several times a day and I have no energy. Today I called my doctor with all of these side effects and he told me to stop the medication and keep track of my daily fasting blood sugar. Wish I could do it on my own, with NO drugs!!!"
"my boyfriend and I have been together for 2 years now, and the condom broke while have sex. I took plan b 50 hours after intercourse and it worked "
"I was prescribed Celexa a week ago. At first I had trouble sleeping, and horrible headaches and very tired during the day but now I&#039;m starting to sleep better and not be as tired during the day. I also find myself not being as stressed out. I hope to see more results."
"My UC hit me in May of last year and its feb of 15 now.  I swelled really bad at first and started bleeding bad in September.  I finally got a colonoscopy in Jan.  Started Lialda and it knocked the top off but wasnt killing it.  I started steroids 4 days ago and wow!  Big difference.  I ran out of Lialda on a Friday and by Monday, I was swelled and bleeding again.  I take them stepping down.  4 a day - 3....  So on down to a half over 6 weeks.  In 4 days, I&#039;m close to not knowing there&#039;s a problem.  The only side effect is that feeling of taking diet pills.  I gained 25-30lbs between May and now.  I feel great but I can tell the extra weight is there from basically being down for 8 months.  I&#039;m coming back very quickly.  33 male"
"I&#039;ve tried all of the big 3 multiple times and Levitra is the clear winner. Cialis doesn&#039;t give the rock hard results that Viagra and Levitra do and you get a headache for it. Levitra works faster than Viagra and definitely lasts longer. On an empty stomach I&#039;m ready to go in twenty minutes and can go even the next day on the same dose with Levitra. Viagra works but takes 30 minutes at least and sometimes longer to get results. You have maybe three good hours with the Vs."
"I recently started Contrave. I lost 10 pounds in a week and a half. It&#039;s been interesting. It&#039;s like I am hungry but I don&#039;t want to eat, and I&#039;m okay with it. I changed my routine up a bit and now it&#039;s going really well. I eat a really big healthy breakfast, skip lunch (I&#039;m really busy then) and then I eat a light dinner. I make sure to drink plenty of water! 

I started with one pill a day and then moved to two. I had a pretty intense panic attack so I had to stop taking it. I have started back again but only with one pill a day. Two is obviously more effective, but Not at the risk of having panic attacks."
"Brilliant"
"Doctor said I was headed for a wheelchair but now I hardly get asked &#039;what happened to your foot?&#039; . If I concentrate while I&#039;m walking, I can almost look like nothing is even wrong. Plus, I haven&#039;t fallen in over 6 months."
"Calms mind for focus."
"My experience was absolutely horrible. Birth control works different for everyone but this was by far the worst pain I&#039;ve ever been in. Immediately after inserted I was in excruciating pain. I started having heat waves and extreme cramping. This lasted for weeks. I had an ultrasound done to see if it was causing any ovarian cysts, or if the iud wasn&#039;t inserted correctly and my ultrasounds came back normal. A week later I had to have it removed (after a month) because of how much pain I was in. I would highly recommend not having this at all, because of how severe my pain was. I had to take pain killers every 2 to 3 hours, and I would wake up in the middle of the night because of how much pain I was in. Absolutely terrible!"
"I was on this medication for about 5 days. I took 2 doses once a day. Remember to take this medication with A LOT of food. Do not, do not, do not take this on an empty stomach. When I took it on an empty stomach, I felt super weak. Thus far, my UTI symptoms have greatly disappeared. I&#039;m not peeing every 15 minutes like I was before."
"I started Rogaine and Propecia about a year ago. I apply Rogaine 2x a day morning and night. I have noticed thickening of my hair and I do have a 6 month before and after picture my dermatologist took. She said I am her &quot;poster child&quot; for this treatment... we were both very excited! I have absolutely no noticeable side effects from either medication. Sex drive is the same as it was before medication. I also use Regenpure DR, NT, and conditioner. I wash my hair once daily as it is needed because the Rogaine foam creates a stiffness of my hair (like gel would if applied) and I have a problem w/ dandruff. My dermatologist prescribed me triamcinolone acetonide lotion to help with itchiness which I apply with a Qtip. (1/2)"
"Used aldara 4 consecutive nights and had my wart frozen the 5th day and cleared up within a week it is a little blistered but apart from that im all good."
"Taking 20 mg Methotrexate weekly it seems to be slow working but helping heal my skin problem. No side effects at all with folic acid. Hope this helps someone else suffering with scleroderma."
"I was prescribed azrithromycin by my Dr for sinusitis. I have suffered from year-long allergies since I was a kid &amp; this year has definitely been a bad one for me. I was a little worried about taking this medication because I read that some people got bad stomach upset with it. Luckily enough, the worst thing that happened to me was minor lower abdominal cramps, no worse than menstrual cramps. By the time I woke up the next day I was able to breathe clear for the first time literally in months. I did not feel congested, although I did have a very minor sore throat that I believe was caused by my sinuses finally draining. 
I definitely recommend taking this drug with food --it helps avoid stomach upset or cramps. Otherwise this helped me"
"I&rsquo;ve been on nexplanon for 9 months 

Pros : don&rsquo;t have to worry about taking it on time, easy and fairly painless  insertion, doesn&rsquo;t have negatives of an IUD like cramping and painful sex, don&rsquo;t have to think about it, bigger boobs (some people may not like this), less periods, no babies

Cons: getting hormonal acne (I have never had acne growing up until now at 23...) , random periods that you can&rsquo;t predict (even at 9 months it will come for 3 weeks even and go away for a long time- it&rsquo;s annoying), expensive

I&rsquo;ve also have had an lower libido but not sure if it&rsquo;s from BC but my doctor can tell there&rsquo;s a lot of hormonal things going on that I haven&#039;t had before."
"I had the Nexplanon before I had my son January 2016 and never had a period loved it! I got another nexplanon in march I didnt have a period till October and it hadsnt stopped it goes from heavy to light and back heavy if your married this is not the birth control for you. Im married and had a active sex life with my husband and we havent touched each other since September and as he says &quot; I can&#039;t have sex with you and you bleeding like a stuck hog.&quot; so I&#039;m very disappointed and having this removed."
"Ok first I will start with the cons. The insertion hurt. A lot. I would say it was a 7-8 on the pain scale. But it was way faster than I expected it to be. Afterwards, I felt like I had bad period cramps. I took ibuprofen and applied a heating pad, and within a few hours the pain had subsided.

Now for the good parts. My period was somewhat irregular but light for the first few months. By the third month, my period stopped, and it hasn&#039;t returned since. It&#039;s SO amazing not having to have a period, and not having to worry about taking a pill, needle, etc., It has literally been worry-free. I definitely recommend trying the Mirena if you don&#039;t want kids for several years!"
"I have tried neurontin, gabapentin, and a myriad of pain killers to mitigate my pain after multiple shin fractures.  After a month of taking it my pain went from well above a 10 to a 7 - 8 which is far more manageable. The cost with my current insurance is 50 for a month supply which is not too bad.  Worth the money for being able to lower my leg pain. The only symptom that I experience is a slight balance/dizzy feeling."
"I&#039;ve been on it for almost 6 months now and hate it! Absolutely lowered my sex drive and sex was painful because of vaginal dryness. The first three months I&#039;d have CRAZY mood swings but levelled out, and my breast size definitely increased. It did help with cramps and period pain but it had such an impact on my sex drive I cannot stand it. Switching soon!"
"Whenever I put Timoptic in my eye, it makes me nervous. It feels like something is in my eye; my vision becomes blurred, I have no energy. It has the same side effects as my blood pressure medication, (Lopressor) because it is in the same class, a BETA BLOCKER."
"It was extremely painful getting this put in. I&#039;ve had pain and cramps since on and off. Sex hurt at the beginning. Not so much now. My periods last for 2 weeks and I get another one 2 weeks after that."
"I&#039;m on my 3rd weekly dose. Today I went through the usual procedure of mixing the 2mg pen, following the &quot; clear &quot; instructions ...
 No Pun intended !!

I never did get the dosage to mix. There was a Jell like Blob visible through the glass. It looked like a Alien from another planet. I tried for 30 minutes to get it to mix with no luck. Eventually I threw the pen away... It&#039;s fine for those in the Ivory Towers, telling me to discard the pen.. They obviously they are a lot richer than I am. Throwing that pen away, cost me BIG MONEY....  How about a replacement pen for my trouble ???

LOT: HK0463"
"I&#039;m 20, and on my fifth day on sertraline, and I&#039;m already feeling great! I have generalized anxiety and social anxiety, which had caused me to feel extremely nervous even around close friends and family. I hardly spoke in groups, and people thought that I was just being quiet because I was a quiet person, when really, I was just afraid that my voice would shake and make me look stupid. My first two days on sertraline were a bit tough. I had a presentation which caused me a lot of anxiety, even more than usual (maybe because of the new chemicals in my body). But somehow, my presentation was very successful, and after it was over, I felt so accomplished. Since then I am noticing some fantastic changes. I&#039;m becoming optimistic about my life."
"I have been on Levora for about 2 years now, and I&#039;m about to switch.  What I like about the pill is that it works great. I&#039;m forgetful and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. When I miss, I can&#039;t double up because I will get highly nauseous. I also have to take three months straight before I can take the placebo week. If not, I will wake up in the middle of the night on the first night back and throw up. Other issues I&#039;ve had: nausea, headaches, weight gain, anxiety, excessive crying over nothing, I&#039;m easily irritated and angered, increased hunger. The worst side effect however, has been my sex drive. It has completely gone. I have to talk myself into having sex with my husband. Not cool."
"This med caused so much weight gain I gained 20 lbs a month."
"I was put on hydralazine after having 2 stents put in it brought my blood pressure down a little. But make me feel tired all the time and gained 20lbs in weight. My feet and legs are swelling every day. Told the nurse about it so she decided to raise my dosage. I walked out of doctors office and threw script away. 2 day after quit taking my swelling is going down and BP hasn&#039;t changed"
"I had the Implanon Inserted in October 2014. 
The first couple of weeks I felt quite queezy and depressed. After a few weeks I was fine. I have not gained any weight or had any nasty side effects. I have a light and short period once a month. 
However, sex drive has gone out the window."
"Omg! Why did it take this long (15-20) years for a doctor to prescribe this amazing medicine! I am on day 3 days, WAIT ALMOST A WEEK!, without a valium or ZANAX and I feel great! It&#039;s like the devil has left me from being a slave to my Benzo&#039;s. Driving around on a Sunday night trying to get a too soon script filled by saying I have no health insurance. It doesn&#039;t work! I feel so amazing! I do have a script for valium but I don&#039;t even want to fill it (I&#039;m due ), but I don&#039;t freaking need it! I&#039;m so happy! I just want to know why I only received 10pills? He also prescribed me Clonidine .1mg 4 times a day and Gabapentin 300mg twice a day. I am being compliant but Librium is a benzo! Am I going to have benzo withdrawal when I don&#039;t take Librium?"
"Was just starting and took one pill....about 2 hours later I was experiencing horrid stomach pains and vomiting. I also was in a very confused state. Had to go to the E.R! Switched to Bactrim and having a much better time."
"Started June 24, 2017 - on my 4th week. Dose 1.8.
Down 10lbs. Age 59, 6&#039;2&quot; started at 300lb - now 290.  Expected faster loss as I tend to lose quickly on diets ( but it comes back). Weigh Daily - notice up and down swings of 5. to 1 lb some days. Walk 3 miles a day under 40 minutes. Side effects - nausea, some fatigue - especially in afternoon.  Body is adjusting to drug slowly. Absolutely no hunger whatsoever.  Eating smaller portions and adjusting diet.  Cravings for sweets and carbs have subsided."
"400mgs twice a day will stop an outbreak. The itching will usually stop within 12 hours after the first dose. I have not had to take it for more than two days. I have not experienced side effects from this medication."
"I wanted to wait some time before I gave an initial review I got the implant in April. And will be getting it taking out this Saturday. I will start with getting it place , it was very short I was given a local anesthetic and the nurse waited for about 15 minutes until it was completely numb. That was the easy part, I had no pain at all just some soreness at incision site along with bruising. 
A week later my hell started, I was on my period for 2 weeks straight with very bad cramps and mood swings. In month two I had sporadic spotting and full blown periods, hair thining. It also caused lack of sex drive. And I started to have headaches everyday. Yes it prevented pregnancy but to me it isn&#039;t worth the side effects. This thing is the worst."
"This is the second time I am taking Nitrofurantoin within a 2 months period. I waited 6 days for the infection to improve by its own but it didn&#039;t. The side effects are fast! dizziness, slight headache and nausea (salivating all the time), stomach ache, reflux after eating and sleepiness. However the symptoms of discomfort while urinating also improved really fast. My only advice would be as well to drink lots of water with lime juice (that helped me to control the salivating-nauseous situation) and eat a lot of fresh yogurt to keep under control bowel flora."
"I am currently battling mesenchymal chondrosarcoma. It originated in my right thigh 2008, had the tumor removed, was cancer free for 3 years then was diagnosed last year with it again, with 5 tumors this time which had spread in my pelvic area, right lung and right armpit (July 2012). I&#039;ve tried a few chemo therapy treatments and during that time frame, the tumors grew plus one new one appeared. In August 2012 I was placed on Votrient (800 mg), the tumors stopped growing and have been stable ever since. My last scan was June 11, 2013 and all 6 tumors are still holding stable and have shown some shrinkage. The side effects come and go, I am experiencing more muscle pain throughout my body and still some nausea, but that&#039;s easily controlled."
"I have been on Orsythia for about a year (and on various pills over the last 10 years) and it was fine at first. However in the last 4-6 months have noticed a HUGE change. Weight that I just can&#039;t seem to shed, hormonal acne on my jawline and neck, no sex drive, and really awful moodiness and depression. Everything else in my life is peachy so I knew it was my hormones due to this pill. "
"So far it has been amazing! I will write back in 3 months with a very detailed review."
"This drug has changed my life. I have ADD and depression. I used to not be able to get out of bed for a week at a time. Now I&#039;m loving life hanging out with friends and happy for the first time in a long time. I&#039;ve tried a few other ADD medicines they didn&#039;t really help me. I like the Methyln generic much more than any of them.  The only problem I have with it is that I don&#039;t like to stop taking it and go to bed, kinda like addicted to it while on it, but ONLY when I&#039;m on it. Before I could go all day and not crave it, been on it a year now. It&#039;s just when I take my first one hard for me to not want to stay on it because I enjoy life so much more."
"Nearly all of my life, now retired, in spite of being a high achiever, confident (on the surface) and skilled, I have fought against depression, anxiety, self harm, a lack of connection. I have hidden it well, feeling ashamed of not being happy inside. Tired of the fight I finally saw my doctor and tried several different tricyclics, SRIs, but all gave me unwelcome symptoms. We agreed to try Venlafaxine, and within a fortnight I was feeling so much better. I then started CBT, was diagnosed with delayed trauma, which surprised me but as we worked through it, made sense.  My drug dose was doubled and I&#039;m feeling even better. I am so relieved. This drug works for me, no side effects, and I feel so much calmer and able to cope."
"I had a Mirena IUD for 5 years.  It was very uncomfortable and I would not recommend it. The removal &quot;string&quot; was like fishing line and jabbed into me all of the time and gave my husband abrasions. To reduce my daily discomfort, my healthcare provider cut the string short which made removal more difficult. I had a greenish weeping discharge that lasted the whole 5 years that made me think I had some kind of wound. I resented my husband the whole time I suffered this device, but I was too busy with work and kids to remember to take birth control pills.  It did prevent pregnancy and not having periods was sort of a bonus. I developed metal sensitivities during that time.  It cost about $500 to have it removed thanks to my husband&#039;s employer."
"I took one tablet before bed and when I woke up he next morning my eyes were red, my mouth and throatwere numb and I couldn&#039;t swallow anything. Now a few hours later my chest is hurting, all of which are labeled as serious side effects of this medication. I will be take Benadryl or something similar to help the fluid in my ears drain. Do not recommend this medication at all"
"I started taking the generic version 6 months ago.  I had to go to my doctor every two weeks for a weigh-in and to &quot;earn&quot; another prescription (had to show some weight loss).  The first two days were the hardest with nausea.  I felt tired but had insomnia. I did lose 9 lbs the first 2 weeks, but after that I have only lost about 1-1.5 lbs/week.  I began working out 3-4 times a week for 30 minutes to improve muscle tone and cardio fitness. The dry mouth and constipation were bad, so I began taking the pill every other day which really helped. I did not notice any increase in appetite.  So far I have lost 40 lbs.  My Doctor is thrilled and said I can continue with skipping 2-3 days. I plan on stopping when I hit 50 lb loss. I want to lose 100lbs total."
"My 11 y/o son requested me to stop smoking.  Cold turkey and other alternatives is so hard to do it until I asked my PCP for some help.  She prescribed me Chantix since my husband&#039;s insurance covers is 100%.  Took it for a month and finally was able to stop coz cravings/urge are gone.  Only side effect I&#039;ve experienced is severe headache so my PCP advised me to talk 1/2 dosage since I am small and petite and it works.  Smoke free for 10 mos already.  Thanks Chantix!"
"I lost 30lbs in about three months. It makes you not want to drink soda or eat sweets because it taste nasty, which is good because those things are bad for you anyways. The side effect that I have is EXTREMELY dry eyes which cause inflammation but I can control that with wearing glasses instead of contacts and using the Blink eye drops. I went off of the medicine for two months and gained 5lbs. So I started it up again hoping for good results. I started off weighing 210lbs."
"For fibromyalgia - This drug did absolutely nothing for me, like taking a placebo pill. No pain relief WHATSOEVER. I was tried on 200mg ER. I noticed that after about an hour and a half after taking a dose, I would pass out asleep for about an hour and then wake up not remembering that I even fell asleep. Very strange. I&#039;d wake up in full blown pain and I also had stomach cramps which made my pain levels and overall experience much worse. I was so hopeful for this drug because it&#039;s said to treat diabetic neuropathy which I also have in addition to the fibromyalgia but it didn&#039;t do anything at all to relieve my pain. You&#039;d be better off taking Tylenol instead of this, that&#039;s how terrible it is."
"At first I took this medicine at night, but had no ejaculations, soft erections. Then began taking this medicine after breakfast. Now able to have near normal ejaculations, as well near normal erections. Try taking after breakfast and see how it works."
"I have been taking this medicine for around 4 years. It has helped my anxiety so much. It stops the overwhelming thoughts and panic. I suffered a traumatic event and felt so much anxiety after, I didn&#039;t know what to do. I was prescribed 15mg 2x a day but only take it once and feel that it&#039;s enough. The only side effects I feel are &quot;brain zaps&quot; and dizziness if I forget to take the medicine after a day or 2 but it goes away. It makes me drowsy too but exercise helps with this.  It may have caused weight gain but nothing too over the top. The positive outcome of taking this medicine outweigh the negatives. Everyone is different but this medicine works for me!"
"I am 31. I have had Mirena for 3 1/2 years. I loved it. No periods, little cramping, no weight gain.  I run 3 miles a day 5-6 days a week and watch my diet.  About 6 months ago I got really sick with what I thought was ear infection...nope turns out I am suddenly retaining fluid in the bones in my ears. Pretty painful and I have to take a Diuretic to combat it. Although it is manageable with low salt diet and pills, it gets worse around my period, which has now started spotting randomly...about every 2 weeks. Sometimes I get a sharp pain, cramping and nausea. My back aches for no reason. I am suddenly gaining weight and my eyes are dry, I am always tired. I see the Doctor next week. I think its time to come out, we&#039;ll see. "
"PT 2:  The next day, I woke up with burns in the creases below my breasts and where my skin had been touching (&quot;stomach roll&quot; to put it plainly.)  I do sweat in my sleep and thought perhaps the friction of the skin contact with the lotion and sweat caused the reaction but after spending the next few days with my breasts TAPED up, the red marks began to heal and left some pretty bad skin burns that had to heal and were raw if I didn&#039;t keep them dry with tape and cotton pads.  The tinea versicolor did go away but I got a fun new skin irritation.  Just wanted to warn others about my mix-up in case they read the comments wrong or have sensitive skin like me to be careful!"
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin for the last two weeks. I&#039;ve never had an acne problem in my life. I&#039;ve always had extremely clear skin. For the last week my face has become covered in acne. I also think I have gained weight."
"Since having Skyla inserted, I have lost 15 lbs and my periods have gotten lighter. My doctor told me that my periods will likely eventually stop all together. I was on the pill (Ortho Trycyclen Lo) prior to Skyla. 

The insertion was slightly painful (think bad period cramps) and I had some cramping for about 24 hours after insertion. I do get cramps during my period now that I didn&#039;t get while on the pill, but taking ibuprofen usually takes care of them. 

My insurance covered the IUD and the insertion. I had an ultrasound done one month after insertion to make sure Skyla was still in place, and it was. My insurance covered the ultrasound, but I did have to pay $84 out of pocket for the deductible."
"Destroyed my sex life. No libido, delayed eyaculation, erectile dysfunction. The withdrawal was terrible, I did it very slowly... very little lowering doses."
"I had terrible insomnia on vybrid. Awful. Whole nights spent wired. It made me so anxious that I felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. Brain zaps, headaches, etc. I tried for several weeks but the sysmptoms got worse, not better. Did not work for me at all."
"Horrible side effects. My mouth and tongue swelled up. Difficulty swallowing which is why the doctor prescribed it for me in the first place. He said it was a symptom of &quot;silent&quot; acid reflux. Found a rash on my leg. Heart palpitations and massive stomach aches.

Didn&#039;t do a thing for reflux or the belching and burping it was suppose to cure."
"I don&#039;t write reviews normally, but I wondered if others had the same experience that I did. 
I had to buy this because my local pharmacy here in WV stopped carrying everything but this. It cost me nearly $8, and I may as well have not taken anything. In fact, my pharmacist, who knows my severe sinus issues was very apologetic and told me the stuff didn&#039;t work very well, but that&#039;s all that they were allowed to sell.
I&#039;m a retired high school science teacher, and I really have to wonder about this product. If meth users can&#039;t &quot;cook&quot; out the suphedrine due to a binding agent, then how is it supposed to effectively breakdown in my system? 
Shame on you, pharmacy companies for punishing those of us who use a product made for us correctly."
"Awesome pain relief."
"Before I started this birth control I would go months (6-7) months with no period. I have been on Seasonique for 8 weeks now. The first week everything went fine but as the weeks progressed I have been having horrible cramps to where all I can do it lay on the couch. I&#039;ve experienced headaches, which I have never had before and severe acne. Lastly, I have had bleeding for 14 days now which hasn&#039;t even began to lighten up or show signs of stopping soon."
"This pill regulated my period but every month I dealt with yeast infections. I never experienced them until i started this pill. Each month, 1 week before my period I would get one. "
"I used it after a surgery when the anti-nausea patch wasn&#039;t working well enough. I took off the patch, used the suppository and had no more nausea.  
Used it again after several hours of vomiting and diarrhea due to assumed food poinsoning.  It was BAD (vomiting every 20 minutes). Then I remembered I had a left over suppository.  Used it and didn&#039;t throw up once afterwards.  I was able to go to sleep and woke up hours later when my fever had passed.  "
"Good product"
"This stuff did not work at all!!!  :(
I needed sleep due to coughing all night and all this did was keep me wide awake."
"I was have problems with contant headaches the beginning of Febuary and now I take one at night when there really bad which isn&#039;t very often."
"It helps to knock out the pain and reduce the tension in the head and eyes associated with migraine, but it appears to be somewhat of a controlled substance, or at least one that they&#039;re wary of, so I&#039;m not sure what else I can do to be migraine free. I&#039;ve tried Botox twice. I now know that does not work for me. I tried Effexor as a prophylactic. Not working. This is hormone related so there&#039;s not a heck of a lot I can do here - but just keep asking for more pills. Not ideal, but worn out. My eyeball hurts right now just looking at this screen."
"Within the first couple of days I felt way more productive.  Not as lazy, I feel happier and my mood has improved.  Definitely recommend it. I also take Viibryd. "
"Started out on 300 mgs 1 x per day. Can&#039;t say it helped or didn&#039;t. The dose was lowered to 75 mgs at one point to see if it was the reason for my memory loss. Supposedly I had an acute stroke with partial blockage in my neck. I have been on it 15 years doctors recomendations. Last 7 years have been on 150 mg&#039;s 1 x per day. Mind comes and goes. Sometimes I can&#039;t remember my husbands name. I had no visual signs of stroke. They said it was an old stroke I never noticed. I also take xanax 2 mgs per day. Gabapentin 300 mgs per day. Geodon 40 mgs per day. Bisoprolol 10 mgs 1 x a day. Diabetic. Take insulin. Anxiety is gone. I do need to figure out what is causing my memory to come and go. Wondering if anyone else has this problem on Effexor ER."
"After the initial stomach upset it seemed to help, but I wake up with a pounding headache every morning. It also causes excessive thirst. I drink up to 3 pints of water during the night."
"Was prescribed 2 mg tablets to be taken 1 or 2 pills every 3 or 4 hours after my complicated rotator cuff surgery which involved reattaching three completely torn through tendons. The pills were completely ineffective. They did nothing for my pain. I quit taking them after the first day.  I could not tell that I had taken anything. The circulating ice water machine they send you home from surgery with and regular Advil provided much better relief."
"I have been taking this medication for 12 days now. Sometimes I have diarrhea  the morning after I take it, sometimes I don&#039;t . Have had a headache for five of those days. Sometimes I get extremely nauseated after I take it, but it passes in about an hour. Sometimes I sweat .  The first few days I felt like my breathing was better. Now , I&#039;m not so sure.  I have lost 7 pounds in 12 days. This medication suppresses your appetite and for me totally took away my craving for sweets .  A good thing I guess, as long as I don&#039;t lose over about 15 lbs ."
"The pharmacist, physician, nurse told me Augmentin could or may give me diarrhea. So I started eating the BRAT diet and yogurt and drinking a lot of water. Mild/dull stomach discomfort with mild cramping on days 1 and 2. Day 3 is when diarrhea started. On the 7 days order."
"After starting this birth control, I experienced mood swings of irritability and anger within taking the first pill, I also experienced severe bloating and bad acne. My milk supply dried up, which I was prescribed this pill to avoid decrease in milk supply. This is a horrible pill with horrible side effects."
"Delighted. Years of severe anxiety and depression resulting from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, culminating in total debilitation. Unable to work for 12 months and social withdrawal. Started on 5 mg...then up to 10 mg....on 15 mg now and in a week up to 20mg. Apart from sleep still evading me and quite profound sleepiness for the first few days, Lexapro is a Godsend. The fog is clearing, anxiety almost non existent...yay! Still slightly unmotivated but getting better every day! Works for me!"
"My cholesterol had been over 300 for years. We (myself &amp; Dr.) tried diet from a nutritionist along with my regular exercise, cholesterol, no change. We then went to medication. After three different meds, which two did lower the count, but not enough to really matter. So, a year or so later my doctor ask if I was willing to try Vytorin, and I said, Why not. After being on Vytorin for approximately 2 1/2 months I was scheduled for my routine blood work-up and when the results came back I was shocked when the doctor read the results. My LDL was below 100 and the HDL was up to 75. I have been on Vytorin for about 6 years and I never worry about my cholesterol. I try to eat healthy, but I no longer worry about or read food labels."
"I just got my prescription yesterday. I took the pill tried smoking and already noticed my disgust in cigarettes. I really hope this will last. I&#039;m 22 and have been smoking since I was 19. Wish me luck! I&#039;m so excited to start my journey as a nonsmoker!!"
"I have had rheumatoid arthritis for 31 years.  During this time, I went through all the medicines given me.  They might work somewhat for a few weeks, but then would fail or the side effects were too severe.  I have been on &quot;gold&quot; injections (5 years) and Metotroxite, and Predisone for another 5 or 6 years.  Eight years ago, I went on Humira for a few months.  It was helpful only for a few days and then the rest of the week was too painful.  I then switched to Enbrel, at first 25 mg twice a week, and now 50 mg once a week.  It has been wonderful - I still have joint soreness if I over-do, and  need to take a muscle relaxer at night, but I am so much better.   I worry that it may start to be less effective, but so far, I&#039;m loving it"
"Vicodin is an excellent pain killer for oral or any kind of surgery to bring home. It doesn&#039;t make me sick to my stomach the way some other pain pills do. I have Fibromyalgia and CFS and took it for that type of pain but it was too short acting and I needed to keep increasing the dose. It also has a lot of Tylenol in it for long term use which can damage the liver so I&#039;m on something else now for my Fibromyalgia pain. It does the job very well for short term pain relief."
"Best thing I have ever used! 
At first didn&#039;t thing it was working but gave it 2/3months and all my acne was gone! 
I would wash my face at night and cream my face a lot! And leave it to dry at night then wash it off in the morning! It worked for me! I used to have really bad spots!! Now I just have a few red marks but makeup can cover that! :) 
Just try it for a few months and don&#039;t stop using it as the acne does come back when stop using it .. 

Many thanks x"
"Amazing. Absolutely give this a chance if you suffer from anxiety. On prozac 20mg daily, ativan as needed, and vistaril. When my anxiety sky rockets and my mind races so fast I don&#039;t know what I&#039;m thinking, vistaril has brought my mind and anxiety to a calm state within minutes. Life saving"
"I tried it for one night it made me feel drugged- relaxed but drugged but unable to sleep. The next day I felt off all day, complete body soreness. I was a complete grump. I was on a short fuse that day. I felt drugged the whole day, I have been take Ambien CR for about four years now and it is the only sleep medication that works for me. Mirtazapine I had a really bad reaction it isn&#039;t for me."
"Wow. I&#039;ve just taken a dose (approximately 10 mins), and from not being able to function or see straight or even tolerate the slightest of noises or aural/visual stimulation, to now I can feel &#039;me&#039; coming back already. and I am AT work! I can type coherently now! A brilliant medicine. I even waited as I need a prescription refill and this was my last dose so I tried keeping it at bay for 24-36 hours with ibuprofen and now its receding like a black cloud lifting. I&#039;m from the US but live in the UK now and would only hope US insurance covers this. I do find migraines can often seem to be &#039;clusters&#039; as they say, and if 1 in a few months doesn&#039;t do the trick 1 a day for a few days works just as well. Amazing, thanks AstraZeneca."
"Prepopik is the way to go for colonoscopy prep. Last time I had to drink the 64 ounces of Golightly which was horrible! Sickening taste that made me want to vomit, chills, aches &amp; pains, and just plain horrible. Prepopik was a piece of cake! Starting 7 days prior to procedure by cutting out high fiber foods, nuts &amp; seeds until the day before procedure when I went the liquid diet of basically popsicles, jello, &amp; Sprite Zero. This was probably the worst part of my prep this time simply because I was hungry! Started using the Prepopik at 6:00 pm night before my procedure following the instructions in box and it worked wonderfully without all the other issues! Doc said it cleaned my colon very well too so I don&#039;t have to go back for 10 years!"
"I started taking Phentamine on 9/9/2015 weighing at 190lbs at my heaviest.  Today 9/14/2015 I weigh 185lbs.  I noticed that I have less appetite especially in the morning. I do not have troubles sleeping at all, perhaps do to my jogging routine of two miles before bedtime."
"No problems taking this product."
"This drug saved my life. No side effects and I can now move on with my life."
"I&#039;m 22 &amp; nulliparous. I&#039;ve previously used pills &amp; nuvaring, &amp; didn&#039;t have bad side effects (except for no libido) but I wanted something long-term. I chose Skyla after discussing it with my gyno. She had me take misoprostal orally the night before insertion, &amp; insertion was definitely uncomfortable, but bareable. I would recommend bringing someone with you to drive you home, because I had a 30 min drive home &amp; all I wanted to do was lie down. Had cramping the rest of that day &amp; part of the next, but that&#039;s it. I&#039;ve now had it for just over 2 weeks &amp; LOVE it. My sex drive is back &amp; I&#039;ve had little/no cramping! I got my period a few days ago right on time and it&#039;s lighter than normal! Will update review in a few months"
"Had a bad sinus infection that went into my lungs, but after 3 days on Augmentin, I started to feel much better.  The only drawback for me is the nausea and mild diarrhea."
"Got Mirena inserted on 02/04/2015. I&#039;m 30, with no pregnancies. I was on Beyaz for three years and the last few months I was spotting daily.  My insurance covered it but only through reimbursement so I didn&#039;t have $ to pay for it out-of-pocket.  I found a doctor who was part of a federal program where I only paid $175 for the insertion.  Insertion felt like a rough Pap.  The awful cramps started right after i got up. I bled like a regular period for 3 days and the cramps were the worst I&#039;ve had in my life.  No discomfort during sex. It is now 04/12/2015 and I&#039;ve had one period where I only had to use pantyliners b/c it&#039;s so light. No more cramps. I love this for me but it definitely isn&#039;t for everyone. Just make your research ladies!"
"This is the best medicine available for drug induced constipation, there is no doubt in my experience.  My one concern is that it does involve some urinary retention, certainly when I was given the maximum dose of 12mg.  The lower dose of 8mg caused less urinary retention but I am only using Relistor once a week until we assess how much retention it is causing, by ultrasound.  The manufacturer is still saying urinary retention is not a side effect. I note the comment of urinary retention here.  This could be a serious problem for those of us with underlying disease that involves urinary retention, such as ALD or some forms of MS, for example. Relistor is a great help otherwise."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for over a month now. I&#039;m on my second week of my second package. During the first month of taking this pill I kept spotting for about 2 weeks until my actual period came. And the blood would sometimes be dark brown too so I was definitely worried and called my doctor but she said its my body getting used to the pills since it&#039;s the first bc I&#039;ve ever taken. (I&#039;m 21 btw). Also in the beginning of taking the pill I had very bad acne breakout but towards the end of the month my acne began to clear up. Right now I have almost no acne and just tiny blemishes. Pretty amazing to me since I&#039;ve always had acne problems. As for the spotting, I no longer am getting it, so that&#039;s good. So I&#039;m gonna stick around for this pill."
"So, I&#039;m young, no pregnancies etc. I was on the pill for a while, I had no negative side effects, but wanted something a little more safe. I then was on Depo, which was absolutely miserable. I was depressed, sex hurt, and my libido was gone. When I switched to the ring, all had been restored. It took 3 or 4 months to regulate, but I am so happy I waited. I am finally happy. And, the best part, my libido is back! This is the best, most fool-proof low-hormone birth control, and it is perfect for me!
I only have 3 complaints with this. 
1. My boyfriend can feel it, and says it sometime hurts. But I usually remove it during intercourse
2. There is more discharge
3. This product is expensive. I receive it for free, but if I had to pay for it, I might not be on it."
"I have been using Benicar for six years at 20 mg once per day and I have very good readings.  I also do not have the side effects I was getting using a dueretic type BP medicine. Never again will I use one of those.  Benicar was a God send for me as I am allergic to Ace Inhibitors."
"I just took my first dose and within an hour I went. But I&#039;ve been sweating like anything,,  I have terrible gas and bloating. Mentally i feel a little anxious but ok. I&#039;m wondering how long this stuff blocks the receptors?  Anyone?"
"I&#039;ve been on Invokana for about 6.5 weeks and I am totally impressed.  I need to loose weight and with my use of Insulin it was impossible to loose weight as Insulin will cause you to gain belly fat. I also take Metformin HCL ER slow release switched to that 2 years ago because regular Metform caused diarrhea.  

So far in the 6 weeks since I started I have lost 16 to 17 pounds.  I&#039;ve had to order new clothes as everything is feeling like a sack.  I still take Metformin HCL ER, Glimepride and Insulin but have cut my daily use of Lantus by more than half.  Yes I drink a lot of water as it&#039;s important to avoid dehydration.  Yes I can get a yeast infection and find that if I use vasaline on my little toot toot that it prevents the infection."
"I&#039;m taking Lorazepam 2mg every 6 hrs as needed for pain.  This has worked wonderfully for me with no side effects.  I&#039;m on this medication ONLY until my surgery pain goes away."
"Tested positive via rapid blood test Feb 1 2014. Confirmatory results of positive (Western blot) on Feb 5 2014. First visit with HIV management doctor Feb 13 2014 resulted in immediate prescription for Stribild; first dose same day. Initial bloodwork (drawn Feb 13/reported Feb 17) showed viral load of 53,000 and CD4 of 741. Follow up bloodwork (drawn Mar 31 2014/reported 2 April) showed viral load as *undetectable* and CD4 of 853. Only possible side effect is a slight variance in dream content/intensity but could be spurious. Gilead Co-Pay Assistance Program in conjunction with my employer group health insurance results in no out-of-pocket expense on my part. Extraordinarily happy with efficacy of Stribild and grateful to Gilead for CAP."
"I have been taking this brand for at least two years now. I have been on BC for 4 years now and have been on several other brands. Tri-sprintec is the only one that has had no side effects for me. It has made my periods regular and lighter and helped clear my skin. I have been sexually active for 4 months now and use with condoms- haven&#039;t had any issues."
"The Dr. prescribed this med after I developed a tolerance to Prozac after 15 wonderful years.  I started at 25 mg. They always say to give it a few weeks to see if it is working.  After 2 months he increased the dosage to 50 mg. which still did not work.  Then after an increase to 100 mg. for a few months, he finally believed it was not working for me.  He started me on Effexor, which took another 6 months of gradually increasing dosage to actually kick in.  Please do not give up.  After over a year of living a nightmare and feeling suicidal every single day, I&#039;m now back to normal, almost every day."
"Depakote was started three months ago when we exhausted all efforts with every other preventive med for migraines and headaches . I have been
Experiencing these my entire life. Since  6 years old . Now 35., imitrex was used to try to knock off the migraine but insurance only provides nine pills a month so I found myself breaking them just to get through a day .And if over used they will no longer work. So I&#039;m adding in aspirin all that junk. Ending up in ER. Just to go back the next two days because the stubborn migraine would come back , or laying in bed holding my head with ice. needless to say , on a small dose 250 a day . Wow few headaches a week I can deal with. Weight gain well now I can workout no real excuse there."
"I have taken Benadryl or its generic equivalent for many years.  It is very good for itchy throats and ears and all kinds of symptoms, and particularly good for sneezing. If the Benadryl doesn&#039;t work, then I know I&#039;m coming down with something more than just seasonal allergies.  I try to keep Benadryl with me all the time.  There are so many food products that I am supposed to be allergic to that sometimes I take a Benadryl before I eat, especially peanut butter and bananas, two of my favorite foods."
"I tried this pill for 6 months and have tried other low dose pills in the past, I sm 33 now. It did NOT stop my period and actually made me spot for weeks at a time with awful bloating and some weight gain. I finally gave up and tried natural products. Womb Sweep from Petalwise nearly saved my life. My periods aren&#039;t gone but come with zero cramps/mood swings and more regularity. Not doing pharmaceuticals ever again."
"I am 41 years old and have been taking phentermine as of September 2, 2008 to December 20, 2008. I have lost 35 pounds. It has been a huge blessing in my life. I went from a size 20 pants and 2x or 3x tops to a size 10 pants and from large to medium tops. It is awesome. It has been a great experience but be sure to see a doctor before taking this medication. The side effects I experienced were dry mouth (I chewed sugar-free gum all of the time and drank lots of water) and constipation. It seems to get better after being on the pill for awhile. Energy (treadmill 5 to 6 times a week and get this - I love it). I&#039;m taking a three week break right now. I&#039;ll let you know how it goes. Good luck."
"I loved the freedom this method gave me, as it somehow makes you feel in control to be able to take the ring out if you don&#039;t like it or if it irritates you (after a year of paragard, this was a nice change).

However, this method gave me terrible and recurring yeast infections. I was only able to use this for about 3-4 months before I felt too irritated (and financially strapped) to keep using it. Also, keeping them in the fridge was a little awkward."
"Worked well for pain but after a month got breathless and my heart raced at high speed. Thought I was having a heart attack.. Was given Noten to bring my heart rate back to normal. Still felt breathless.. On stopping the drug my heart and breathing slowly went back to normal. Scarey..."
"I love this medicine. I have the worst acid reflux, indigestion and nothing ever works. I&#039;ve used so many other things but the only thing I have found that actually works is Zantac 150. I call it my miracle pill."
"HORRIBLE ITCHING. Googled this pain to see if I did down thing wrong and see that everyone else on here is having the same problems. this product is absolutely dreadful the second after being inserted. DO NOT BUY OR USE !!!!!!!!"
"I got my nexplanon may 14th 2015... The insertion wasn&#039;t as bad as I thought but when I got the shot to numb my arm , it burned pretty bad. After , I bruised for a week and could not hold anything heavy in my hand without my hand shaking and the item falling for about 3 days. I kept the gauze wrapped for much longer then 3 days. Once I removed it , I bruised again. (Then again I have a fairly light complexion) The week after I had constant headaches (I almost never get headaches) and frequent break outs, and mood swings especially with the implant and my period combined. One moment I&#039;m mad and the other I&#039;m laughing about it. But it&#039;s been almost 3 weeks and I no longer have headaches or break outs other then I normally used to have. But I have been having that &quot;end of the period blood&quot; for six days now. Extremely annoying!  The on the edge anger still remains but I think it&#039;s helped me speak my mind more easily lol I&#039;m 19 and could never get past 120 lbs. , I now weigh 135. And I&#039;m so excited for the weight gain, just hope it&#039;s not excessive!!!! Oh and I do feel bloated and tired sometimes..but I gave it a 9 for not having to remember the pill and 99% effectiveness towards not getting pregnant"
"I have been taking Lexapro for about 3 months.  I started off taking 10mg per day but I felt like it wore off throughout the day and my energy level would drop.  My doctor upped the dosage to 20mg and I definitely noticed a difference - my mood doesn&#039;t drop during the day.  I don&#039;t feel sad, I can actually concentrate now.  I haven&#039;t had any side effects, in fact it&#039;s even helped me sleep better.  As for the anxiety, I think it is helping because I&#039;m not as worried about everything all the time but I still feel very stressed out in social situations.  I&#039;m in therapy as well so that might help me learn to control the fear.  Life shouldn&#039;t feel so dire and impossible.  Lexapro helped me see this."
"Before taking Amitizia I had stomach pain every single time I ate, suffered from severe constipation, have gas and bloating. I take 24 mg twice a day and my pain has completely diminished, but I still have severe constipation and still get bloated every time I eat. The medicine does help, but not completely. "
"The first 2 days of using differen gel were a little rough. My skin was super dry and I had to keep caking on the moisturizer. I took a couple days off from use and then started back daily use with no problem. I just moisturizer every morning. My skin still isn&#039;t perfect but it at least dries up the lager cystic acne. I still get blackheads around nose and small &quot;under the skin whiteheads&quot; around my chin. But I don&#039;t exfoliate like I should so that&#039;s my own fault."
"A few days after finishing a round of antibiotics (metronidazole) I started to get oral thrush. I took two rounds of nystatin (oral rinse) and still had the thrush. Doctor prescribed fluconazole (150mg for 7 days) - thrush responded very well but at the end of the duration it started to come back. Dr called in another prescription (150mg for 5 days) and so far my oral thrush is gone (I&#039;ve been done with the prescription for 4 days).

The only side effect I have noticed is a &#039;side stitch/pinch/ache&#039; type feeling. It&#039;s mild but noticeable and started the day I took the fluconazole and continues today. I&#039;ve read it can stay in your system for 7 days so hoping the pain goes away very soon."
"I have had PTSD since childhood. I have had so many different remedies and prescriptions. None of them have ever stopped the screaming and fighting completely. This has done the most instead of every night now it&rsquo;s just once in a while. I agree with others alcohol will only make your PTSD worse. Exercise is well help angling with this pill. Don&rsquo;t take if you need to get up in a few hours...."
"This is my 4th day on Lexapro and I already feel ten times better then I did this past weekend. I suffer from anger, depression and anxiety and due to this it cost me a 9 year relationship with my partner. I could not bare the fact we broke up because of my personal issues which put me more deeper in depression/anxiety. I could not eat, sleep or go to work without crying or feel like I just wanted to disappear. I don&#039;t know what I would do if I was not on Lexapro. I&#039;m finally starting to feel like myself again and see positive aspects of life instead of all the negatives. I love Lexapro and hope after 2 weeks when it&#039;s completely in my system things only get better. I would recommend Lexapro to anyone suffering from these conditions."
"herniated disc at L5-S1. I take 30mg a day and it works great for me."
"After a few intense months of panic and high anxiety, I finally was brave enough to try this medication. I have tried other SSRIs in the past, but usually found them very agitating at the &quot;normal&quot; doses, so I have learned to start and stay very low. After a month of insomnia I finally decided to give Paxil a try. I started at 2.5mg. The first few days were fine, I felt sleepy and a bit lazy, but at least that was better than high-strung panic. At about a week, I started to experience some small benefits, and some fairly harsh side effects (nausea, diarrhea, derealization, increased panic). At a month, much better and I was sleeping well again. However, getting off this medication after 5 months was really challenging and uncomfortable."
"This medicine helped sedate me when I was having back pain.  I had two herniated discs and it calmed me down before and after the surgeries. It is not habit forming and was a plus with all the other medicines I was on."
"I have been on Aviane for a week now. Already feeling so much better. Have a little bit of spotting but I&#039;m actually happy to be seeing that. I was on Depo-Provera shot for almost 3 years and I haven&#039;t had a period in 2 1/2 years and gained about 30 lbs. I couldn&#039;t lose weight on the shot no matter how much I&#039;ve tried and all I do is eat. Before the shot I was only 110 so I am still thin. I have a sex drive again and sex feels better than ever! I am not so moody or angry any more. So far this was an amazing change although it is only the first week I really enjoy it a lot. I did get scared because of the horror stories but experiencing it myself is way better! I have a good outcome."
"Works so well, but have been taking it for years. Wish wish wish I could sleep without it.  Don&#039;t like pills but unable to sleep without it.  If you can&#039;t sleep, nothing works like this. I&#039;ve tried everything; herbs, melatonin, Tryptophane, over the counter sleep aids, etc. Nothing else works. Truly an amazing creation. "
"I have been on Zoloft for about 6 weeks.  I feel like a load has been lifted and I am not as irritated as I once was.  I found myself laughing and enjoying people.  My family was happy that I was feeling better and wanting to do things with them again. However, after about two weeks, I noticed that my hair started falling out.  I had more hair on the floor and in the bathroom than normal.  I now have a bald spot about the size of a fifty cent coin.  I have done some research and found out that Zoloft can cause hair loss. I hope my hair grows back."
"Fantastic medication.  Currently on month three with no side effects at two injections per month.  Yes it is expensive and yes it will lower cholesterol far better than statins ever can.    Talk with your doctor if you can afford this medication!"
"Like many others, I had high hopes.  After year of stool softeners, laxatives, exercise, water, high fiber, etc. with a bowel movement 1 or 2 times/week and rarely feeling like I was &#039;empty&#039; I got a 30 day RX filled (my ins paid). I didn&#039;t experience anything for a couple of days, then a few soft stools. As the days went on, I would have an occasional bowl movement but I started having horrible gas! I tied to stick with it since I figured it would just take time to regulate everything so I refilled RX.  Well, today is MY LAST DAY TAKING LINZESS!!  I have been more bloated today than ever in my life, I have pain from my sternum to my pelvis my abdomen is so distended. Gained 4lbs in 6 days!! MIS.ER.A.BLE!!!!!!"
"My 8 year old daughter has been taking the medication for 4 months now and although we have seen a good improvement in her behavior, the weight gain has been substantial.  She has gained over 10 lbs in 4 months which is incredibly unhealthy. Her blood pressure has also been on the very low side.  Unfortunately for us we can&#039;t risk the bad side effects even though we have seen a positive behavior change."
"I have been a sufferer of cystic acne for years. I&#039;m now on the last 2 days of my 6 month treatment course (80mg/day). My skin is perfectly clear. The only side effects I really had were dry lips and some slight fatigue. Do NOT pick at your skin on this medication, as it is thin and sensitive! Other than that, I would recommend this to ANYONE!"
"Had been smoking for over 20 years, kids and wife wanted me to stop. Got my doctor to give me a prescription he gave it to me for 60 days took only two weeks, no side effects no cheating its been 3 years no smoking and I love it."
"This was the only thing that worked for my adult acne.  It kept my skin relatively clear, especially in the chin area, where I otherwise would get cystic acne during certain weeks of my cycle."
"Escitalopram has helped me tremendously with panic and anxiety! Want to give hope to others who&#039;ve been combing forums as I have. Started having panic attacks 6 months ago for no apparent reason. Waited it out hoping they would stop, but only worsened and my life went downhill fast. Dr. gave me Escitalopram 10 mg. with Clonazepam to help with start up effects. The first 10 days were difficult: insomnia, loss of appetite, increased anxiety. These effects disappeared as I hoped and each day I noticed subtle improvements. I am now panic free! Still have small anxiety, but that is human and &quot;normal&quot;.  So happy that I took action, as I was very afraid. Give this med a chance and give it time to work. I&#039;m sure glad that I did!"
"I am 29 and was/am seriously going bald.  Up until the 10 month mark I didn&#039;t really see any momentous changes. A slow increase in hair along with a couple of mild shedding experiences.

I can say at 10 months I am very happy!!! The front is full and the crown is coming along. Along with blow drying it and using volumising powder the improvement is obvious. I haven&#039;t used minoxidil properly in 5 months either! 

I had no major changes in libido, and the slight decrease at points was likely work stress related. If hair loss worries you I would recommend improving your confidence by going to the gym, getting sharp clothes or working on other aspects of your life. However if you love your hair so much I can recommend this product!"
"I don&#039;t think Paxil ever worked for me and it always made me feel really bad but I think my social anxiety was a lot better but I feel much better now without Paxil and I&#039;m on Zeldox and Lamictal but I&#039;m getting pretty bad anxiety so I&#039;m trying to find a good medication for anxiety and especially social anxiety because it makes me feel really bad at university. I was on Paxil, Risperdal, Lamictal and Zeldox before and I was always extremely tired and I think I&#039;m less tired now but I can&#039;t remember how tired I was before and I was on Paxil when I was 13 and it also made me feel really bad and didn&#039;t do anything for my depression and it didn&#039;t help. I&#039;m 24 now."
"I&#039;ve only JUST started taking trazodone for Insomnia - so I honestly can&#039;t give a fair rating just yet...it&#039;s only been one week - but I have a question for those on it. The first week my doctor said to take 50 mg. My sleep was pretty good - only woke up once a night (usually around 4:30 am). I upped it to 75mg and then 100 mg (as instructed by the doctor)...the last two nights that I&#039;ve been on the 100 mg dose, I&#039;ve woken up 4 - 5 times / night. Anyone find that the higher the dose the LESS sleep they get? I liked the sleep I got last week on the 50mg dose but want to keep going with the 100 as per doc&#039;s orders but anyone here notice that the higher the dosage the LESS sleep?"
"I have been on Yaz for 2 and a half years and it&#039;s been the best form of contraceptive medication for me. I have tried other contraceptive pills and have had all kinds of bad side effects, but once I started Yaz I was fine. Originally I started using it as a form of contraception, I still do but it has also helped with my severe menstrual cramps and endometriosis. I can have my period every 3 months without a problem and I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects, pregnancy scares, bloating or acne on it so overall it&#039;s been great. "
"I was put on 80 mg twice a day. Couldn&#039;t handle that so I started taking both at night. I&#039;ve been on for 4 years and THEN the side effects started bad dystonia in my legs, arms, and face. Also I was very depressed, felt hallow, and so snappy always yelling at my kids. No ability to cry (you know sometimes a good cry just helps).  So I called my doctor and she cut it in half to 80. At first I had some mood swings but I have gotten them under control. Now I just ache all over and have bad headaches. But, on the lighter side, I feel much happier, not scared of people like I was before (because I was sure they were all talking about me and hated me).  I haven&#039;t decided if I&#039;m going to go off or compltley. Right now, I&#039;m happy where I&#039;m at."
"I would give cymbalta a 10/10 however I have not been on it long enough to give it a perfect score. I have tried Prozac as well as wellbutrin to help cope with my crippling depression but they just didn&#039;t do the job. Before cymbalta I was easily aggitated, hating the world around me, and contemplating suicide. Now it is like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. I&#039;m not irritated by small things anymore. I have more motivation. The only downside is have had is some insomnia but it should pass. Don&#039;t be scared by all the negative reviews. I was until I took it for myself. Everyone is different however you will have to try it for yourself to know. I take 30 milligrams once a day in the morning."
"&quot;Treated daughter as directed with Sklice, and 5 days later, live lice reappeared. Disappointed to say the least after washing bedding, putting away stuffed animals, etc. Any health care provider I talked to about the re-occurrence said that you MUST comb out the nits even though the Sklice directions and website advertise that no combing is needed. Feel greatly misled.&quot;  But that was not the problem because in addition I did nit comb every time.  This has been the 4th time doing this at $200 a treatment(Yes one time use per tube) wow is SkyLice getting over on us.  Seems Skylice owes me some money back.  It does not work...."
"I started the sample, after taking the 2nd bottle I now have relief, (diarrhea). I have been asked by my doctor to stop taking it."
"Medical issue:  Protruding disk at C4 and C5 causing pain in shoulder blade, pain (pinch) in front of right armpit, numbness in bicep radiating to thumb, index and middle finger.  Also significant pain in neck.

Protruding disk at L5-S1 causing pain in hamstring and burning in front shin (tibialis anterior)

Dose Started on 100mg TID.  No pain relief
Increased to 300mg TID. No pain relief
Increased to 600mg TID. No pain relief
Next increase is 800mg TID but will push back on doctor as this medication is not working.  Have been taking medication for 3 months.

Was originally on Oxy-neo and later Hydromorphone which worked but no longer want to take opiates long-term and am looking for other solutions.  Unfortunately Gabepentin is not working"
"I started taking Loestrin 24 Fe when I was 19 years old for 4 years. I have a slim body and I&#039;m active. My periods are light and I don&#039;t get cramps or back aches while on my period and I don&#039;t have problems with acne. My periods were just very irregular. I would sometimes get my period the next month, the next week,  and even the next three months! And they would last like 1 week, 2 weeks and even 4 weeks one time! I was on Loestrin for 4 years because it didn&#039;t give me any negative side effects. It gave me regular periods and I never got pregnant. I stopped taking it because my doc told me they discontinued it! So she prescribed  me Minastrin 24 Fe. I looked up the reviews for it and didn&#039;t like what I saw. So I&#039;ve been off bc for 2 years."
"I have never taken birth control before and for my size, my doctor recommended something with very low dose of hormones which was Lutera. When I first started taking it, I had extremely bad nausea for the first week that was impossible to cope with. Then I started getting really bad mood swings. I am always a positive person and happy all the time. This pill has completely changed my personality since I started taking it. I am always so tired and sleep 12 hours a day, I get so emotional over the smallest things and start crying at random times. I cannot go through a day without having a mini breakdown. I&#039;m coming off this pill."
"In one week I will have had Nexplanon in for a year. Although it took two months to regulate, my period is now 5-7 days of light spotting every 2 months. I don&#039;t have acne, but I can&#039;t help but think a weight gain of 40 lbs in a year is related to it. I thought it broke at one time, but I had a doctor check it and he said the skin probably grafted around where it was bent from me checking it one time and stayed that way. My main issue is that sometimes I have this pain, like it&#039;s stabbing me in my arm every once in a while. Overall, I absolutely love Nexplanon. And I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant with my boyfriend, and we ALWAYS have unprotected sex, multiple times a week."
"Oh my God! When it finally started oozing out, the burning pain was unbeatable. I felt like I was going through a chemical burn in my vagina."
"I have been taking contrave for 2 months. Have lost no weight, still have sugar cravings. Constipation some irritability and no positive results. I see no reason to continue. I also do get occasion headaches which I don&#039;t normally have. I&#039;m very disappointed"
"Started on by vyvanse after I was diagnosed with ADD at an age of 19. I had been on Strattera to previously which worked well, but I was still a bit lathargic. The first few months were great, but as the doses started increasing I became delusional &amp; physcotic. It go so bad at 40mg that I thought the mafia was coming to get me, but in reality it was just a car driving in front of my house. This drug ended up with me being sedated by the cops, and being placed in the psychiatric ward for a month. The withdrawals I got from this drug were horrible, I imagine it&#039;s what it&#039;s like to quit a harder recreational drug. I know this drug works great for some people, but not for everyone. I&#039;d be vary cautious of vyvansae if you value your sanity."
"Initially I liked this pill. My skin was glowing and my boobs were getting bigger. I didn&#039;t feel hungrier, overall I felt good. But around the 2 1/2 month mark I started to retain water big time all over. I know it wasn&#039;t my diet , and I was exercising. I know my lifestyle was on point, so I was happy to jump on the scale and weigh myself cuz I am still trying to lose the baby weigh of my 4 month old. Shocking to me, I did Not lose any weight (not one pound). The scale was the same as a month of dieting &amp; exercising. I was soooo bummed. I stopped taking the pill and in 4 days I lost 7 pounds. I hope this helps. Good luck ladies."
"Felt quite good. Fell soundly asleep and had continuous sleep. Mild to moderate side-effects including light-headedness and hunger. Thumbs up!"
"This IUD has given me a horrible experience. My obgyn suggested it after having my baby. Every month I&#039;m on my cycle for 2-3 weeks and you never know what flow you&#039;ll get. Lately mine&#039;s been heavy. I&#039;m beyond over this and ready to have it taken out. I thought it would get better but its been 7 looonnngg months"
"Helps for a while but then seems to decrease in effectiveness over time"
"Pretty sure this medication has been making me gain weight. Also my periods take 2 weeks, that&#039;s half my life! So I take the pink pills straight with no period because I can&#039;t do that. I will have to go back to seasonique."
"Took this drug for 6 months.  It did nothing for my mood, but it added inches to my waistline.  Worse, it made me scatterbrained as hell, kinda in a sneaky way as I slowly titrated, so that I didn&#039;t realize how bad it had affected my brain till I was off it, &amp; suddenly I wasn&#039;t a super ditz anymore."
"I have been on Invokana since September 2013, so a little over a year. I have experienced hair loss, tiredness, and yeast infections. I talked to my doctor about the hair loss, which I experienced for over a year. He has upped my Metformin to the maximum dosage. My hair has stopped falling out. I am also using Rosemary essential oil to help with hair loss, and probiotics for the yeast infection. I have had amazing results with this medication in regards to blood sugar control. My A1C went from 12.3 to 7.1 I have never had such control. As a benefit I have lost over the course of a year 34 pounds. I feel that the benefits outweigh the side effects"
"This medicine truly is a miracle worker. I&#039;ve been on it for around 8 months and there is an amazing difference. When I tell people that I used to have severe acne, they are always confused because of how near flawless my skin is now. I HIGHLY recommend using it."
"After undergoing numerous tests with no definative diagnostic answers and under the threat of another CT scan followed by another Colonoscopy, my physician suggested trying Hyoscyamine Sulfate - an anti spasmodic. I picked up the perscription, took one of the very small tablets and LITERALLY within 15 minutes the spasm&#039;s ended and the pain subsided. WHY didn&#039;t someone try this therapy when I first had symptoms 30 years ago??? Within the past week, I&#039;ve had only 2 spasmodic episodes each curtailed within 15 minutes after downing a single tablet. The only other medication that I&#039;ve experienced work this effectively and fast for anything has been tumms for heartburn. Bravo - finally a working solution. No side effects noticed after 3 doses."
"I gave Paraguard 8 pts, but I really do like it much better than hormonal birth control pills. I only gave it an 8 instead of 10, because it does make my periods heavier and a little longer than in the past. Because of this I developed iron deficiency anemia, but the anemia is easily controlled with a prescription iron supplement 3 times per week (Mon/Wed/Fri), which is OK. I appreciate Paraguard because one of the other medications I take makes hormonal birth control less effective. Since Paraguard is not a hormonal birth control, it works perfectly. 

I have had a previous Paraguard IUD that had to be removed because of a problem, but this second one has given me no problems.I didn&#039;t have to pay for the second one because of the problem"
"I had surgery and the post operative narcotics made me very nauseous and I had to throw up. A full dose (8 mg) of ondansetron helped but did not fully resolve the problem. Then I got Phenergan and all the nausea was finally gone. I think, for me, Phenergan is a better anti-nausea medication, but while ondansetron (Zofran) barely made me sleepy, Phenergan made me very sleepy. (I actually think, if you are at home or in a hospital, it is much better to take Phenergan as it seems to help more and also gives you a good sleep. If you need to go to work or school, you should take Zofran. "
"Very effective birth control as it almost eliminated my libido! Avoiding sex works great! Terrible nausea and gastrointestinal issues were only compounded by decreased appetite and a general grumpiness toward the world."
"I was prescribed SSD a few years ago for a second degree burn and thought it worked OK. It hurt for a very long time. I recently wound up with a larger second degree burn and was prescribed a honey product made from a certain type of bee that has strong antibacterial and antifungal properties. While it seemed strange at the time, the honey worked twice as fast, the pain was greatly reduced, and it costed about 1/4th of SSD. According to my doctor, SSD is inferior burn care and I have to agree."
"I have IBS and recently my doctor had me try Xifaxan. After 3 days, I felt like my life had returned to normal. My bloating and diarrhea were under control. I didn&#039;t experience any unwanted side effects either."
"Took 100mg twice a day for three months. Within a week my acne was completely gone. Acne came back when I finished taking Novo-Minocycline but its much more mild. Started another three months today. My doctor thinks this could be the final shot. Wish me luck!"
"I have had Fibromylgia for over 20 years. I have other health problems. I went off of Prozac to take the new medicine. Prior to taking Savella I was not sleeping taking two different sleep medicines and still didn&#039;t sleep. Plenty of pain medicines and have tried so many medicines. Since I started just over a week ago I feel so much better. I&#039;m sleeping and even have been able to start to walk a little. Prior to this I couldn&#039;t even get out of bed for days at a time. This is the best I have felt in over 20 years. The only side effect is a little bit of a hungover feeling the next day but that is starting to ease. I&#039;m so thankful for this medicine and I hope that I continue to feel better. I pray for everyone that suffers from this illness."
"To treat depression, I have been on Wellbutrin, Zoloft, Celexa, Effexor and Cymbalta. None worked as well as desipramine. I have been taking 30mg of desipramine combined with 50mg Zoloft and I feel much better. It took a few weeks of ups and downs before it really kicked in."
"Got the 7 day treatment and I inserted it and omg the burn is ridiculous, I&#039;ve used other products before that come with numbing cream! But this is awful, I will stick it out because I do want the Yi gone badly, but man. I am twitching, don&#039;t know how I&#039;m gonna fall asleep"
"I was having horrible migraines over the last year. Finally I started talking to a neurologist. After trying a couple other things he suggested propranolol. It has been life changing! I have been on it for 3 months and have had maybe 4 headaches. I hadn&#039;t looked into the reviews before now, but I&#039;m glad other users think there is a link between this medicine and weight gain."
"I can only say good things about Pristiq. I was on Lexapro for about three years and gained about 35 pounds. My doctor switched me to Pristiq. The hardest part was weaning off the Lexapro and the couple of weeks it took for my body to adjust to a new medicine. It has been about a month now and I absolutely feel great, energized, my appetite seems more normal. I have lost three pounds in four weeks. Not bad since I wasn&#039;t really trying. The unusual changes I noticed at first on Pristiq was really weird dreams and sometimes at night I felt a little tense. But now I just feel great. Also unusual in my case, my doctor told me to take it in the morning but I was afraid of nausea so I take it at night."
"In conjunction with a work-up for what was determined to be peripheral neuropathy, I began having severe muscle spasms in my back, neck, legs, and now my hands. Baclofen, and later Zanaflex, worked well at first but eventually no longer managed The spasms so my primary care doctor added Valium for breakthrough spasms. It works very well and I used it sparingly, but after  A change in pain management physicians, benzodiazepines were banned because I was taking opiates. I&#039;m miserable without at least some relief from the constant spasms and have nothing to take to prevent them during procedures where I must be still and not at risk for any spasms."
"This medicine has been a true miracle for me.  I was on multiple medications, oxygen most of the day and night, and taking several nebulizing treatments a day.  Have been on Foradil for two months and only use oxygen when I go to sleep at night, only take 3 nebulizing treatments a day, and have gotten off two of medications completely.  I breathe better and feel better than I have in several years.  I wish I had been given this medication much sooner.  It is truly amazing the difference in the quality of my life that this medication has given me."
"Constant nausea there are flare ups where I have no appetite and I&#039;m very tiny so losing the weight I have on this pill is scary. Also the nausea flare ups are horrible. constant vomiting and trying to eat anything only makes it worse. Sometimes I have to go days without eating just waiting for my stomach to calm down enough from this pill to eat. The longest I&#039;ve gone is 4 days when the nausea finally subsided I am currently on a two day no eating period  because I&#039;m nauseas and throwing up everything I eat. This pill is a nightmare stuck it out for 6 months. Switching today to Gianvi. Was previously on Loloestrin which was wonderful for everything except mood."
"I just started this medicine a month ago. Am I AMAZED. I had tried almost every migraine medication out there and nothing worked very well. I went from having 15-20 migraines a month (some lasting for days) to now about 1 per week. I am just so relieved! The only thing is, I do notice some side effects. I am on antidepressants for depression and anxiety, and my doctor did say it can sometimes make depression or moods worse. I also get some shortness of breath or wheezing a bit, which I might have to talk to my doctor about. But I&#039;m scared she is going to say I have to stop the propranolol. I would rather have the other effects than the awful debilitating migraine pain. (I lost my job over my migraines, too)."
"I transitioned from Venlafaxine for Fetzima over 3 weeks.  Migraines during this timeframe.  I have been on only Fetzima for 5 weeks.  My overall mood and ability to concentrate is much improved but the side effects are bothersome.  One side effect not mentioned here is what I am guessing is an hormonal imbalance.  My nipples are sensitive and swollen (I am a 58 yo male) and have  outbreaks of acne mostly on my neck area.  My blood pressure went for normal to hypertension stage one.  Increased headaches (not migraine quality) and blurred vision.  Fits of anger/irritated feelings especially when driving.  But I do feel emotionally better than when taking Bupropion and Venlafaxine."
"I&#039;ve experienced toenail fungus on my right big toe for 10 yrs. I also have it in my 2 pinky toes and my left big toe but not as bad. I&#039;ve been on terbinafine for 5 weeks and see a slight improvement. My toenails are starting to turn pink and not be so yellow. When I started taking the medication I had this bittery taste in my mouth and would get nauseated after taking it. Everything tasted awful so I found the taste of the pill is bitter and leaves a funny taste in my mouth so I started putting the pill way in the back of my throat and swallowing it that way and it helps with not getting the bitter taste. Also I started taking it before I went to bed because of the nauseousness I was feeling. Can&#039;t wait to look down and not see ugly toes."
"I&#039;ve struggled with binge eating and depression my entire life. I&#039;d spend hours trying to convince myself not to binge and then ultimately do it anyway. In the past ten years I&#039;ve doubled my weight, my highest being around 260. 

I&#039;ve been on vyvanse for just over a week, and I no longer eat everything in sight or binge. Some days, I have to make myself eat, because I don&#039;t have any interest. I also have increased energy, and feel motivated to do things which has helped my depression. If I&#039;m not active, however, I do feel anxious. I&#039;ve already lost 9 lbs, and this drug has given me the push I needed to turn my life around. 

I did have some side effects with blood pressure and headache, which warrants the 9/10."
"I&#039;ve been on Ocella for about 8 months now, and its been decent but I am looking for a new birth control. I&#039;m 26 years old, and have used several different pills before including Alesse and  Lo-ovral. I found out I am allergic to synthetic progesterone (norgestrel and alike ) in virtually every birth control available, which is why I switched to Ocella. Ocella has done the job as far as preventing pregnancy, but I have had mood swings bad enough to start taking Welbutrin, I&#039;ve gained some weight, and MY SEX DRIVE IS TERRIBLE. The mood changes and the HUGE sex drive decline is the reason why I will be changing again. I&#039;m also worried about all of the warnings on Yaz/Ocella/ Yasmin and the high incidence of strokes associated."
"Started 2 months ago and I lost 10 pounds in the first month, the second month I lost 4.6 pounds. I have combined the pill with dieting something small every 2-3 hours and a decent size meal like chicken and rice 2 hours before my workouts. I like belviq and would do it again. I started off at 181.00 and now I&#039;m down to 165.9"
"Based on 200 mg 1 per day; only thing I got was heart burn, no pain relief. Tried to take everyother day, didn&#039;t make any difference still got horrible heart burn.  Switched to Mobic."
"Wasn&#039;t that bad. It&#039;s my first time getting a colonoscopy at 20 years old and I was both pleasantly surprised and horribly disappointed. The taste is bad but not terrible - definitely like salty grape or cherry cough syrup. I had a harder time getting down the water after the actual medicine because it made me so nauseous. I had really terrible shakes and chills but it passed within the first hour, along with the cramping and the nausea. I would stay on the toilet if I were you and definitely keep wet wipes handy. After the initial symptoms it was really easy to deal with, I would recommend it."
"I have been on contrave since October 2016. I have currently lost 30lbs. I started my weight loss in February 2016 at 225lb. I am a 5&#039;9&quot; 35yr female. The first months I was on adipex and lost 50lbs with that plus diet and exercise. I currently weight 145lb and consider myself at a stopping point. I feel contrave  is highly effective. Especially along with the scale down program. I do not have an side effects that bother me to much to stop. Mostly dry mouth. For those of you who don&#039;t give it enough time I highly encourage you to give it more time."
"I was in ICU in a Denver hospital. This saved my life!"
"I received a sample of this from my ortho hand surgeon. He said it should help while I wait for my EMG test. He wasn&#039;t lying. I have several trigger points and my right side is painful and numb due to compression from my neck and what he suspects, compression of carpal tunnel radial nerve, ulnar nerve, etc. basically everything is compressed. This patch worked wonders. Very disappointed to learn its not covered by insurance"
"I  only received one shot of depo. When I was due for another shot 90 days later, I didn&#039;t get it. That same month, my period never came. I read online that it can take upwards of 18-months for your period to come after depo. Over a year of no period and I wasn&#039;t alarm until my boyfriend finally prompted me to go see my doctor. She did labs and my testosterone level was elevated but the other numbers were normal.  She prescribed me Levora. I didn&#039;t take the pill at the same time every day because of my busy schedule. When I finally got on the progesterone pills in the last row, I became discouraged. On the day that I took the fourth progesterone pill, I went to the bathroom and sure enough, my period was here!! I cried tears of joy."
"I have taken 2 1/2 and I&#039;m wide awake"
"I started Cymbalta in September 2011 for Depression and Anxiety. My doctor started me off on 30 mg a day for 2 weeks then switched me to 60 mg a day. The side effects I noticed right away were dry mouth and loss of hunger (not a bad thing - I lost 5lbs in 2 weeks). After being on 60 mg for about a month I started to have pretty bad night sweats, and I mean INTENSE night sweats - you wonder how your body can possibly hold that much water. But they have gotten few and far between now and my dry mouth has subsided as well. About 2 months ago my doctor switched me back to 30mg a day - the 60mg dose was causing my stomach to hurt and burn for about 3 hours after taking it despite taking it with or without food. It helps with GAD. Try it."
"I am 21 and taking Oxybutynin for an overactive bladder, it has made a world of difference from peeing nearly every hour (or less) to now peeing every 3-4 hours. However, I suffer from mild nausea almost continuously from the medicine and headaches. For me it is worth it but for some it may not be."
"In 1971 I had surgery and was put on 1.25 Premarin and told I must take it for life. Now in the year of 2009 looking back on all, I have to say I wish I had refused the surgery and didn&#039;t take Premarin. They didn&#039;t tell us about the possible side effects in those days, told only we wouldn&#039;t understand. I reported side effects to doctors, who did nothing. My huge stomach is finally beginning to shrink after being off Premarin for years. "
"This has helped my husband so much he can do a lot more."
"I am a healthy 21 year old but have trouble getting and staying asleep. I have tried melatonin and I feel it may help me get to sleep but not stay asleep. The other night I laid awake until 5:30 am trying to keep my eyes closed with no luck. So the next day I researched some over the counter sleep aids and Unisom had great reviews, so that day I picked some up. I took one at ten that night and started getting sleepy an hour later. By 11:30 I was fast asleep. Although I woke up a few times throughout the night, as I usually do, I was still tired and found it very easy to fall back to sleep without tossing and turning for ten minutes at a time. I woke up at 9:00am the next day felling minimally drowsy. I will continue to take Unisom"
"Like many others have written, this drug has dramatically improved my quality of life. I have been taking it for about 1 year and have been too busy feeling good to write a review.
Before: I was plagued with extreme panic, afraid to be alone, afraid to take a shower, constantly worrying, &quot;what if&quot; scenarios, thought I would have to quit my job, lost weight because of NO appetite.
Now: all I can say is pretty much living like a normal person! I do feel anxious at times, but I didn&#039;t want to turn into a robot w no feelings! I am thriving at work, socially have made new friends, can concentrate so well (this might be my favorite part), no sexual side effects whatsoever, weight maintained at a healthy level. 5mg 

I am so thankful for this drug"
"I am really pleased with this medication. It helps a great deal with my pain in my lower back. I have several herniated discs and degenerative disc disease. I rate this medicine a 10."
"I&#039;m four days days in, and the mood swings are terrible. I have no history of depression or mood swings. Two days after starting I began feeling anxious and depressed. Ease of use is great, I have had no cramps, bloating, or break outs. I can&#039;t feel the ring when it&#039;s in and it doesn&#039;t fall out. I recommend if you want to try the ring, it may work well for some, but keep an eye on your emotions and call your doctor if something feels out of place. Don&#039;t feel ashamed or embarrassed that your mood changes! BC messes with your hormone levels and it is better to let a doctor know than to suffer unnecessarily. May be great for some, but this BC is not for me."
"My initial Dr appt was on February 23, 2015. I was at exactly 250 lbs., 5&#039;2&quot;, 28 years old and have a 6 year old son. In the month of March, I lost an amazing 12 lbs., in the first 3 weeks!!! I didn&#039;t have the finances the following month and a half, but I went back yesterday (4-24-15). All in all, it works. My first month I was prescribed one 37.5MG tablet a day. With this being my &quot;2nd&quot; month with no significant weight loss (bc of my 7 weeks of no meds), I am now prescribed 1&amp;1/2, 37.5MG tablets a day. One tablet when I wake up, half of a tablet 5 hrs after that. Will check back with results!! My side effects-dry mouth, some sleeplessness, occasional agitation (very seldom), amazing weight loss!!!!!"
"I started taking Vyvanse about 4 months ago and I have never felt better in my whole life.  I have no interest in food when I have it in my system for about 7 hours, but what I do to keep myself healthy and not having my blood sugars go high and low, is to eat breakfast and then have some fruit in the afternoon. Then I make myself a regular dinner. It is healthy, good food in portions. I don&#039;t eat out anymore, which is a big help, since that is where you eat too much food that is too high in fats and sodium.  Eat a lot food with protein, so you fill up. As a dessert at night, I eat an ice pop, so I get that sweet taste.  Not only have I lost 30 lbs. but, I feel healthier and energized. Also my depression is gone."
"The first week I took this med it kicked my butt. My symptoms were fatigue, nausea, headache and insomnia. I then started to drink a lot of water And I was feeling so much better (fatigue here and there) but nothing you can&#039;t handle. Totally worth it!! Drink lots of water to stay Hydrated!!!"
"Medicine takes platelets down but when pharmacy changed manufacturers my skin itches very badly. I will try to go back to old pharmacy"
"I suffer from nightmares. At my doctor&#039;s suggestion I have been taking one Phenergan at night for many years. They calm my sleep and I have hardly any nightmares now.  I tried sleeping pills first but they made me feel as if I was in living in cotton wool through the day. I also tried Nytol but they made me hyper and unable to sleep! If I forget to take a tablet I will have nightmares that night. Have not had any side effects at all. Tablets available over the counter at the chemist."
"i decided on Implanon instead of pills I&#039;m horrible with remembering to take them I got mine in 09 had it removed mid October 2014 Implanon works amazing as a form of protection. However I did have crazy side effects I guess that&#039;s the cost of prevention. I instantly gained 15 pounds i hardly ever got periods Maybe every 6-7 months rarely had them went a whole yr with out period but had severe cramps.I was Very hormonal but I will say even though I had all these problems Implanon did what it was supposed to do and I do not regret getting it 3 months after getting it removed I became pregnant with my first child. every womens body is different so everyone experience is going to be different."
"I started taking them in May 2015, I weighed 196, first week I lost five lbs, I did get dry mouth dizziness, constipation, and insomnia, had to force my self to sleep, and doing Zumba with this pill and a Herbalife pill with or without it together I felt like my heart was jumping out of my chest when exercising it did give me a boost of energy but I started freaking out about it, also my bones like the joints started hurting.. Think they warn u to take calcium or iron pills, vitamins. Month later I&#039;m at 182.  After that I would take half here and there then stopped  till October. Now I weigh 176 I&#039;ve started researching cause of chest pains, tired, headache, all the negatives I&#039;ve read when they were tested, not worth the health risk"
"I&#039;m currently on day 6 of 7 and I don&#039;t even want to continue taking Metronidazole. By day 4 I was so sick throwing up and running a fever that I wanted to do was sleep. Day 5 I was still running a fever but instead of throwing up my nose is stuffy and I&#039;m constantly sneezing. Today, day 6, I&#039;ve been mildly sneezing and I&#039;ve head the worst headache. I feel miserable. I give it a six because the symptoms of bv are completely gone. If it weren&#039;t for the terrible side effects I would have given it a ten."
"I was put on this medicine in 2011 due to severe anxiety that led to depression. My psych doc had combined Wellbutrin XL 300mg and Cymbalta 60mg. Within 6 months I was symptom free and back to normal. I stopped all medicines 12 months later. Then I went 2.5 years without meds. An anxiety attack this November started my relapse. Now I&#039;m back on the same combination, hoping for the same results as last time. Only this time I&#039;m staying on the meds for 2 years minimum."
"I have taken Tarceva for over 6 years!  Yes, I have a few side effects but nothing major or that I can&#039;t deal with.   I am stage 4 with a small tumor and other cancer throughout my two lungs.  I am most fortunate and blessed to be alive and leading a very normal life at the age of 74.  My friends call me a miracle!"
"I&#039;ve been using nuvaring for 3 months now. Previously I had tried the depo shot which I didn&#039;t like because it caused very uncomfortable vaginal dryness for me during sex. When I switched to the ring, me and my significant other really liked it! If anything the ring has been making me significantly more lubricated than without any birth control at all. At first that was the only side effect I had noticed and I was liking it a lot! However just very recently I realized that my skin has been looking worse than it ever has. I&#039;ve been having more and more breakouts each week all over my face and they came on so gradually that I didn&#039;t even realize it must be from the ring. I&#039;m very sad because I really did like the ring besides the breakouts!"
"I took Delsym for a severe cough. It stopped the cough and made me drowsy. I took a nap and when I woke up I could not move! My body was paralyzed. My cognition was impaired. After a undetermined period of time I was able to move and call for help. Very lucky to have been taken to a local VA Hospital where my blood tests indicated my immune system was compromised and my platelet count was 50,000 which they told me if I was in a serious accident I would bleed out. I was told that Delsym was a bad OTC Cough Syrup and would produce serious interactions with other Prescribed Medications. This near death experience can be documented."
"Thank God for this medication after years of taking scripts for pain   I think that this might really help me to quit. I&#039;m almost two weeks clean and not sick or craving the codeine."
"I like it. I didn&#039;t notice side effects like the other medicines I tried."
"Ever since I was 12 my sweating under my arms has been horrendous and when my first prom came around and I had the most gorgeous dress I decided it was enough. Went to the doctor and got DrySol. I love it and I can now wear whatever I want when I want, including my grey T-shirts!"
"I have been on Yaz for 2 and a half years and it&#039;s been the best form of contraceptive medication for me. I have tried other contraceptive pills and have had all kinds of bad side effects, but once I started Yaz I was fine. Originally I started using it as a form of contraception, I still do but it has also helped with my severe menstrual cramps and endometriosis. I can have my period every 3 months without a problem and I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects, pregnancy scares, bloating or acne on it so overall it&#039;s been great. "
"I used several medications before my cardiologist prescribed Diovan.
I have had wonderful results, no side effects of any type and would suggest
Diovan to anyone needing their blood pressure controlled. I consider this
medication a miracle! It has been for me! I m 66 years old and have used it for
7 years."
"Only been on St. John&#039;s Wort for a couple of days, but so far, I&#039;m optimistic.  I&#039;m a 39 year old female that has battled moderate depression and anxiety on and off for years.  After watching my step mom turn into a pill popping, SSRI dependent maniac, I KNEW that I never wanted to take prescription drugs.  I started off with 5HTP, but it just put me into a &quot;fog&quot; and I felt like the only reason my anxiety decreased was because all I wanted to do was sleep while on it.

Enter St. John&#039;s Wort.  I feel like I am better able to focus at work and get things done, and the constant &quot;stomach churning&quot; that I attribute to anxiety has gone away.  I&#039;ll give another assessment in a few days."
"I have gave quitiapine 5 stars as it definitely allows me to sleep right through the night. But I have been on it for 15 years and still experience dreadful side effects. I have reduced from taking 800mg in the morning to 300mg in the morning yet in the evening and the morning I can barely function and am tired and groggy all day. I have tried to take it earlier and earlier in the evening in the hope of having less side effects in the morning but nothing works. Plus it gives me the appetite of a racehorse. I also have nasty withdrawal symptoms whenever I try to taper off completely. For me this drug is a necessary evil and I really wish I didn&#039;t have to take it."
"Metoprolol helped my blood pressure but it really spiked my Triglycerides.  I have been watching my cholesterol for a while now and everything was looking good.  I started on this med a few months ago and had another cholesterol test done.  Triglycerides went up to 238 from always being under 140."
"Got this moviprep with no instructions from the hospital. Great... What a good start. Took the first liquid between 8-9 pm and for me it was a bit of a struggle to drink that much ( unless it&#039;s wine!)
About an hour later was on loo continuously so was working but by 12 I was still running to the loo..... No sleep cause of a bit of a painful tummy and gurgling.... The worst part is the ring sting....ring of fire is an understatement as I think my behind is a volcano now. Took my second lot and am now waiting. Use Vaseline as it does help relieve the burning inferno that is now my backside."
"Following a car accident in May 2012, I developed an addiction to Norco, Percocet and Fentanyl.  I recently entered a detox program to get off the pain meds.  While there, I was given Suboxone.  Within 2 days, I knew something was wrong.  I am in the 5% that cannot take this medicine.  My blood pressure soared, my heart rate reached a high of 143, my metabolism shot through the roof creating a buzzing feeling over my entire body.  The scariest side effect was a drastic, abnormal weight loss (17 pounds in 4 days).  "
"Dealing with PTSD for 20+ years has been a blurry nightmare with very few gasps of air. My anger had gotten uncontrollable even though I thought it was. I have been on haldol, lexapro, and a couple of others . I have to admit welbutrin saved my marriage and more. The first few weeks were pretty rough but after that I can actually end an argument or conversation that&#039;s not going well without blowing up .."
"I&#039;m on day 5 of 7 day treatment. I&#039;m very suspicious of this medication. So, I&#039;m not taking two pills a day, I think one a day is quite enough. I had a pap smear which showed an abundance of bacteria - bv, but i don&#039;t have any symptoms. So I can&#039;t tell if i&#039;m getting better because i never felt bad. But what I do feel on this med is the same as all the other women. fatigue. nausea. slight headache. slight dizziness. why am i taking a pill that my liver has to filter, that my body has to interact with when the bacteria is centrally located?!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Ultracet for about 4 months, usually 2-4 tablets daily. Not sure why my doctor prescribed it for long term use when product info says it is for short term usage. The pills generally help with pain, but they also give me a feeling of &quot;well being&quot;, like a narcotic pain killer. Recently, I had a delay in getting my prescription filled and had to stop the pills abruptly. On the second day, I experienced withdrawal symptoms such as sweating, flu-like chills, clammy hands, restless leg syndrome and sleeplessness. "
"I have had chronic pain and tried many medicines including narcotics to help. Celebrex has helped me so much. I am able to do so many things that I couldn&#039;t before. My doctor has me taking it with Tylenol w/Codeine #3 and Carisoprodol."
"I have had severe headaches for more than 20 years. Tried just about everything Doctors could come up with both for prevention and immediate pain reduction. Nothing worked well untill I was prescribed Dilaudid. Got my life back. No more 3 month long headaches. No drowsiness or other noticeable side effects."
"Works great..... No side effects and clears up my frequent sinus infections quickly!"
"Using it for pain - I had suffered from daily lumbar and leg pain for over 2 years.  Suboxone has been the only medication I have been on that both reduces my pain and has no severe side effects.  It has greatly increased my quality of life."
"I am 19 years old. I was diagnosed with depression/OCD/GAD at 11 years. This medicine worked wonders for me. I took it for 3 years. I later began to think I&#039;d be okay without it. Now that I am back on Effexor, it makes me really sick every time I take it. It made me put on a few pounds. I have taken almost every anti-depressant out there, and I have to say this is the best one. Stay on it, even when you feel better."
"With the severe back problems that I have, this medicine, in combination with others, has been the most effective in controlling my pain. Without it, I would not be able to work much, let alone walk and enjoy life to an extent."
"I am 21 and currently suffering from ADD and Depression. The Vyvanse has done wonders for me! I can finally concentrate. I do feel as though I have absolutely NO appetite, but it doesn&#039;t bother me because I don&#039;t eat much anyway. Things are finally looking up. I&#039;m on 20mg."
"So yesterday morning (Sunday) I woke up with a cluster of little blisters on my top lip. This has never happened before. I tried to go to the doctor but they were closed already by the time I got there. I took off work today and went in and they prescribed the 2grams valacyclovir twice a day. I took the first dose right away and the blisters seem to have flattened out already. I will take the second dose tonight. I hope by morning they are mostly cleared up, or at least they clear up before Saturday as I have big events going on this coming weekend. The reviews on here give me hope that it will clear up fast with Valtrex. Wish I would have gone earlier yesterday to get it!"
"I have been using it for a year now only on the heavy days of my period. 3 times a day for the 2 middle days. I&#039;ve had quite severe anemia and only 20 days cycle which means 7 days bleeding couple of weeks rest and here we go again.  This is a great medication. Reduced my bleeding and helps me get on with my life while on it. Highly recommend"
"I started Loestrin 24 Fe about two weeks ago, and ever since I have had random spotting at least once a day. It took away my cramps and pains from my period but my period wont go away now. After I finish this pack I&#039;ll see what happens and if I should switch or not."
"I had protected sex 2 days ago but the condom broke as soon as my boyfriend pulled out. Some of it got on my leg and he freaked out so he bought me a plan b the next morning (better safe than sorry). I took it about 20 hours after I had sex. This morning i woke up with extremely horrible side effects. I have never felt this sick. I feel like I&#039;m hungover/ on my period/have the flu. It hurts just to move and even just laying down still I feel pain. I have a runny nose and occasionally really bad cramps and lightheadedness. I hope I never have to take this again and I hope these symptoms go away soon because. My mom is freaking out that I just randomly got this &quot;sick&quot; when I was fine last night. (She doesn&#039;t know I have sex)"
"I was given Vistaril for anxiety, to be used &quot;as needed&quot; for my panic/anxiety attacks, and for me, it did nothing but make me a little sleepy. I know most anti-panic drugs are sedatives, but those generally do more than make you tired. This one just made me tired and freaked out."
"When I used it I had  burning that was really bad. Then I woke up the next morning with no burning or irritation. I think it&#039;s a good product thank you"
"I am 27 yrs old. I&#039;ve been on Adderall since 21. I was diagnosed with narcolepsy, cataplexy, sleep paralysis, sleep hallucinations, etc. I have such scary dreams, lose my muscle control and fall asleep out of nowhere. After trying several things Adderall was the ONLY thing that eased my symptoms.  BUT it is hard to take as directed.  And running out makes for a bad time.  Running out throws me into more frequent and severe sleep fits.  I also get prescribed hydrocodone. I don&#039;t promote people to take pain medicines but Adderall does make my body/muscles tense and sore at times.  So it takes the pain and edge off the negative symptoms of the Adderall.  Dry mouth is also a negative symptom but I&#039;m used to it now."
"Been using Colchicine for 3 days with no improvement (I cannot take NSAIDs) I went to the Drs for an emergency appointment this morning and was given prednisone. The Dr said himself it is a miracle drug - as he himself has suffered from Gout. Within 2 hours I could really feel signs of improvement (gout in ankle) Now 4 hours and I&#039;ve just been able to run up the stairs. Still a bit of pain but its only been 4 hours. Very impressed so far !"
"I&#039;ve been taking this for 2 weeks now. I had previously taken 60mg Fluoxetine for 2 months from which I was suffering horrible side effects, strange as I&#039;d had a successful 6 month run on it several years ago. Having weaned myself off that and onto Mirtazapine I can&#039;t begin to describe the difference I&#039;m feeling. Before I felt worthless and suicidal, had no appetite, couldn&#039;t sleep, and when I did I suffered from night terrors, and also had a complete lack of energy. Now I&#039;m on Mirtazapine I can sleep again, I&#039;m eating which in turn is giving me more energy, and I actually feel like myself! Plus my sex drive was non-existent and it&#039;s now returned to normal. So far, this is my wonder drug. Big thumbs up!"
"Great medication for Peripheral Edemas.
Decreased swelling up to 50% in just one week at 80mg twice a day."
"I was diagnosed with bipolar 1 with extreme highs and lows. I started taking lithium 3 days ago and I am so thankful.  My life has completely changed I now feel level for the first time. I think it is a great medicine to talk to your Doctor about."
"Works well for me now after a pretty painful period of switching/washing me out of the oxycontin regimen I was on prior. give it time to get used to and should get similar results. After all, its the same drug just packaged differently."
"I have no pattern but I certainly feel like I have my period 3 out of 4 weeks. And it&#039;s been almost 2 years. That sucks, but, it&#039;s not enough to make me want to remove it early. I don&#039;t have any scarring from insertion and I&#039;ve had no other side effects. Ended up having to buy a moon cup though as the cost of sanitary towels and the feeling of constant use of them was getting a bit much. I would still recommend it."
"So, I began taking this medication for Hep C contracted from IV drug use. 24 years old. Doctor explained that since I had PPO insurance they would most likely cover the cost of the medication which I believe goes for around 75k for a 3 month supply. The medication was delivered straight to my house. Genotype 2b. Viral load was 1.7mil initially. I started taking the Medication March 30th, 2017. I had labs done this week to check on progress. After just 21 days of taking Epclusa viral load is completely undetectable. Initial fatigue first week, no symptoms after that. Great medication! Grateful that this option was available to me. Was absolutely worth it!!"
"I started taking Phentermine in January of this year. I took about a months worth, (I did not take it on weekends) &amp; by February I had lost 20 pounds. I stopped taking Phentermine for a month or so, (didnt gain any old weight back), then I got back on it this past Monday (3/19) &amp; today I weighed myself &amp; I lost 5 pounds in those few days. Right now, the pill is working great, but there are some negatives. Phentermine gives you dry mouth (BAD), which makes me thirsty, which causes me to constantly be peeing. It&#039;ll give you insomnia, nausea, &amp; unpleasant taste to some of your foods or drinks. I would recommend NOT drinking soda or eating fast food."
"Overall, my experience wasn&#039;t terrible. I just drank the second dose at 3 am and it&#039;s now 5 am. The flavor, to me, was nauseating just to smell. I&#039;d rather have no flavor at all. It literally was horrid and made the drinking all 48 ounces of liquid in such a short period of time, very difficult. Once I got past the first hour and a half of drinking stuff, the rest wasn&#039;t so bad. I had very minimal cramping and it definitely does its job well. I&#039;ll just be glad when it&#039;s all over completely. But overall, the taste and even the smell made it very very difficult to drink. Could it be made flavorless somehow??? Yuck! Adding the large quantities of liquid so soon after was really tough to. I drink water all day every day, so that&#039;s what I drank."
"I have used Imitrex by autoinjection since it first came out. After years of migraine taking my day away, this tiny injection allows me to take it back.  Unlike the other medicines I take this at first onset and 30-35 min later continue my day on schedule.  No nap, no regrets, no nausea.  After initial prescription met with the manufacturers rep who helped with dosing.  I was pioneering any new products when this came out.  Wegmans Pharmacist and my MD and the drug rep were great help.  Now 2 shots, 1 in each leg right away. I&#039;m 220 lbs."
"I just started taking prozac, and I have had this terrible migraine. Its worse than any migraine I have ever had. I&#039;ve been throwing up and sleeping throughout the day. I don&#039;t feel myself at all."
"I&#039;ve been on it for almost a month now and LOVE IT. Prior, I was on the Nuvaring because I&#039;ve always been scared about forgetting to take a pill on a daily basis. But with Nuvaring intercourse was painful, and libido dropped significantly. So far, LOVE Lo-Loestrin. I feel happier, want to engage in sex more, and best of all, my small 32A breasts are growing! Went bra shopping yesterday and so excited! Hopefully these great benefits keep coming. Will keep everyone posted!"
"I have suffered from migraines since I was 20 and am now 34. I have tried countless abortive medicines.  Sumavel is the best one by far because it relieves the pain and nausea fast (usually within 10 mins for me).  The injection is painful and leaves quite a welt but far worth it to get relief.  I do sometimes have issues with it not firing properly but it could be just me pulling back at the last second when I anticipate the pain coming.  I have wasted quite a few shots this way."
"I&#039;ve had chronic constipation issues my whole life (in my early 30s) and this is literally the only thing that will basically clear me out. I only really use it when my constipation is particularly bad - it&#039;s one of those things where you really have to make sure you are very close by to a bathroom for at least 24 hours after taking it. It&#039;s definitely not the most comfortable experience - you will get stomach cramps and be up on the toilet for most of the night. But it&#039;s definitely effective. To me it is worth it  to get cleared out and not have to deal with the nausea and pain that comes from being severely constipated."
"This is the best birth control, I had no side effects. Only switching due to high out of pocket cost. Experienced NO weight gain, acne, mood swings, etc. If you can afford the out of pocket cost for this TIER 3 medication then I definitely recommend it."
"This medication works very well  as a Muscle relaxer for my back but I began shaking uncontrollably and can&#039;t walk very far before my knees buckle. I&#039;m looking to see which of my medications might be a of this."
"Lamictal has been a major eye opener for me. I was astonished when the medication started to take effect (within a week or two), at how my condition was affecting my daily life. Since being on 200 mg per day I am able to wake up on time for work, attend my softball and hockey games, socialize with my friends, and take control of my life. I&#039;ve spent the last 3 to 4 years in constant turmoil, jumping from medication to medication, trying various cocktails. Most of these had major side ffects that made them unbearable in the long run. Lamictal on the other hand has virtually 0 side effects, and almost 100% symptom control. I would recommend it to anyone suffering with Bipolar II."
"I have taken Depakote for 21 years for a condition that causes me to hyper-startle and frequently fall.  With Depakote, my condition is, for the most part, held in check, and even when I do fall on occasion, it is greatly reduced in intensity.  I have gained about five pounds, but what a small price to pay!  Incidentally, I take 250mg morning and night and take no other medications for the condition."
"Terrible, terrible experience. At first, didn&#039;t have a period for 2 months. Started getting it every 2 months- than my period in January lasted for a month. Got 2 in March, this one is lasting me going on two weeks. The amount of money I spend on sanitary products is unreal. I am constantly worrying about when it&#039;s going to end, and it makes a healthy sex life impossible. I am getting it removed as soon as possible. Would not recommend to anyone."
"Start taking the medication to stop it. But it never did I&#039;ve been on the pill for 2 weeks now and it seem like I&#039;m bleeding more than when I was not on the pill having huge blood clots and bleeding uncontrollably calling doctor in the morning to see what I can do"
"I have had fairly sever asthma all of my life, and prednisone does the trick each time my symptoms become unmanageable with a rescue inhaler.  While the side effects are unpleasant at times, they are not long lasting and worth it to be able to breathe again.  I get irritable, flushed in the face, and a bit bloated.  I have never had to take this more than six days, so this goes away once I finish the medicine."
"The first week and a half I started 5mg of Lexapro was a nightmare.  I would have a psychedelic experience each night when I would try to sleep.  It was like my mind was wondering through the expanse of the universe.  Very trippy.  However, after that first week or so, that feeling went away and it has been nothing less than a miracle for anxiety.  Ever since my best friend was killed in a head on collision with a drunk driver 4 years ago, I had been extremely worried and anxious that the same scenario would play out with another loved one.  I would obsess over this daily and was driving myself crazy.  Now that I&#039;m on Lexapro, I don&#039;t have those feelings anymore.  Sure, I worry about things sometimes, but now I&#039;m free from obsessing."
"Started on may 14. 2015 ONE pill per day.. Stating weight 187 lbs !!!!! 
Weighed yesterday may 30 @ 183 lbs.. It may not seem alot but considering i have hypothyroidism and i have not exercised at all i think it is great !!!! Soo happy !! The first two days the pills made me feel nauseas and tired and headache but after the 3 rd day everything was great NO side effects!!  I am going to see my doctor in a week and a half and will ask her to prescribe me the regular dose 2 pills a day. My goal is 135&#039; - 140 lbs ..still have a lonng ways to go but i am sure belviq wont let me down."
"I took three tablets around 9:00 at night and wen&#039;t to bed a few hours later. At 3AM, I woke up feeling sick. I hurried to the bathroom and dry heaved a few times before sitting on the toilet to try to feel better. My first BM wasn&#039;t very satisfying and I still felt like crap. I laid down again only to have to get out of bed 5 minutes later. This time, I barely made it to the toilet and had extremely bad diarrhea. I had to go again and again throughout the night. It really cleaned me out and I had a little more diarrhea at work. Explosive diarrhea isn&#039;t ideal, but I&#039;m cleaned out!"
"I have cd since 8 years....i used all drugs started with botox....know i used 2mg ativan tab and 1mg artan which are the best i used for cervical dystonia....regards..."
"My son has been on several different ADHD medications.  He had been on one for a couple years and it wasn&#039;t having the effect it should after so long, so they changed him to Daytrana.  He was so out of control on this medication.  It actually seemed to make his impulse issues and attention worse. We discontinued the patch after the 2nd week.  Hopefully it&#039;s positive for others, just definitely not the one for my son."
"This medicine is the best insulin , So far it out does all the rest my endo and I love it."
"I&#039;ve been chronically constipated for as long as I can remember. My parents would give me suppositories as a toddler and prescription medicines to help ease my struggle. Eventually, I moved onto taking gross amounts of Miralax every night in hopes of softening stools that had only ever been rock-hard. This worked as a stool softener, but didn&#039;t help to give me the urge to ever use the restroom. I started taking Amitiza, which came with its side effects: bloating, headaches, nausea, and cramping. Finally, my gastro doctor turned me onto Linzess. So far, I&#039;ve been using it for a week and have NEVER been more regular in my life. Mornings are a breeze...this medicine is life changing."
"Our 10 year old daughter has been taking Concerta for ADD for two months and the difference is unbelievable.  Her performance in school had been steadily declining from year to year without any explanation.  We knew she was capable of doing well so we found this very frustrating.  After asking the school for help she was evaluated and diagnosed with ADD (no hyperactivity).  She is on a 36mg dose after increasing it just one time.  After starting the medication we noticed a difference immediately, the first thing being her handwriting, it honestly looked like a different child%u2019s writing%u2026so neat I actually thought her older sister had written it.  We%u2019ve received glowing reports from her teachers and even from the principal and her grades have steadily increased to As &amp; Bs in just a short time.  Homework is no longer an issue either%u2026we used to spend long frustrating evenings on homework and now 9 nights out of 10 her homework is completely finished by the time we get home from work.  Thank you Concerta%u2026you gave us the daughter we knew we had."
"Am in my 60s but have had arthritis since early 40s. Arthritis is both osteo and rheumatoid.  I only take Celebrex when it&#039;s really painful especially in my hands.  Celebrex starts easing the pain immediately and within 6 hrs I feel like I&#039;m 21 yrs old again!   It is a miracle medicine for me! !!"
"This is the worst, it makes me bleed and bleed for months and then gives me a 4 day break so not effective. Doctor had me taking both control pills apart and period wouldn&#039;t go away so she made me take more and more doses it didn&#039;t help at all. I hate it."
"I had pretty bad anxiety. My Doctor said to take 300mg of Gabapentin three times a day. The first time I took it was at night, before bed. It made me a little drunk feeling or maybe dopey. But, not a bad feeling. Not dizzy, not falling down - no other side effects. Made me a little sleepy to help with my insomnia.

Next day - took 300mg at 9:00 a.m. - no problems, no side effects, nothing. Just anxiety relief. Once in a while I can feel the anxiety after about 6 hours when I need to take another pill.

Started taking 600mg at bed time to help with sleep. The first time I raised the dose, it made me a little more tired and a little tipsy feeling. But only once.

For anxiety, this stuff worked great for me with no side effects!!!"
"I have had horrible mood swings and have gained weight. I never know when or if I&#039;m going to get my period and my poor husband has had to deal with my mood swings. I was on Ortho-Tri-Cyclen-Lo for 2 years before this and never had a problem. I&#039;m changing back."
"After 7 years of Norco 10/325 I was taking 12-18 a day. Quit cold turkey and started Robaxin 1000 mg with 400 ibuprofen. Absolutely no body aches or restless legs! Mentally yes it&#039;s tough but this has been way better then I thought it would be. Imodium helps the diarrhea. I am almost 72 hours clean and physically have been great, even played 18 holes of golf yesterday. Slight headache and no motivation but pushing through it. Methocarbamol is a must for withdrawal!"
"I have been on Nuvaring for 6 years now. I got on it when I was 18 and now I am 24. No major side effects- I think my small weight gain was due to college more than Nuvaring. The only problems I have had were when I forgot to put the new ring in after 7 days. The first time I did this I was 3 days overdue on putting it in. I consulted my doctor&#039;s nurse and she said it would be okay to leave it out that month and restart as normal the next month. I was fine until I put it back in the next month. I got migraines and extreme nausea. It was terrible. "
"Smoked for 40 years. Thanks Chantix I have stopped."
"The drug is no doubt very effective in clearing acne . But you cannot avoid the 2nd time break outs which may come after 2-3 years and that will be the worst break out because accutane lowers your immunity and it cannot fight against the breakouts next time. Also accutane has got lots of side effects and it risks your life to lots of health issues and it can destroy your life forever. It is the worst drug ever to have. I urge to people who are reading this review to please not to consume this drug and please warn your friends, relatives, near and dear ones not to consume this drug. Your life is more important than anything else. If you want to survive and have a healthy life . "
"I have taken Bydureon about 3 months.  My blood sugar has gone from over 200 to 125-180 which is a nice improvement.  I do not yet know what has happened to my  A1c.  I inject the Bydureon  into my thigh.  I alternate sides each week so each thigh has two weeks to recover.  I have had no side effects.  I have been trying to lose weight in 2014. So far I am down 14 pounds from 179 to 165 pounds."
"I recently went in for an eye exam and was told my eyes were dry. Optometrist told me to start using systane ultra a few times a day. In the first 4 days of use I&#039;ve noticed my vision blurred and my contacts bothering me substantially. I&#039;ve been using the same brand contacts for years and nothing else has changed, so it has to be the drops."
"The increase in happiness is amazing. I had been taking Effexor and Wellbutrin for about 4 yrs. I am on day 5 of Pristiq and I really love it. Scaling down from Effexor was extremely difficult. My poor kiddies, I just kept explaining to them that I was not mad at them and it was just a change in my crazy pills, as we call them. I am still on the Wellbutrin. I would love to see a decrease in weight.  I am an emotional eater. I tend to think about food constantly. I eat by the clock and I actually forgot to eat lunch this weekend!  My hubby says this is the girl he fell in love with. "
"For the first six months it worked great but now it doesn&#039;t relieve my headaches at all. In fact the only thing it does is gives me insomnia."
"I love this drug, but it is not for the casual or lazy user. I find I must take it at nearly the same time every day or I get side effects. I take it first thing in the morning, and I avoid the sleepies by doing something semi active for a short time. Also, never take this before bed... It can cause sleeplessness and nightmares. I take lanzaprozole at the same time for GERD, so avoid any stomach upsets. The nightmares went away after about 4 weeks from starting. I feel so normal now-- energy level has returned and the blues are gone!"
"After experiencing severe depression since middle school, I had been misdiagnosed and prescribed several different antidepressants, which only made my then-undiagnosed Bipolar Disorder worse. Finally in 2007 I was correctly diagnosed with a mixed/manic episode, and began taking Lamictal. I have had zero side effects whatsoever, and it stabilized my mood swings immediately. I am now supposed to take 200mg twice a day, but after 5  years of the icky-tasting pill, I tend to skip doses every couple of days. Probably as a result, my depression has come back, but at least I haven&#039;t experienced the manic/mixed episodes that I used to have before Lamictal! I can truly say that this medication is a lifesaver, although it seems to have &quot;worn off&quot;. "
"I have been taking 120 mg of Latuda nightly for two months. For years I have been struggling with bi polar depression and schizophrenia. I haven&#039;t experienced any mania or depression since beginning this medication. I have been level, happy, genuinely happy even, productive, social,  and calm. I haven&#039;t had any auditory or visual occurrences in weeks either. The downsides for me are lack of sex drive and it&#039;s become difficult to acheive orgasm. Otherwise it&#039;s a great medication. I highly recommend it."
"Hello, I have been taking escitalopram 10 mg for the past 2 years. My story: I never considered myself as someone with GAD but all the sudden I broke down and had panic attacks and lost 20 pounds in 10 days because I couldn&#039;t eat anything. I was only living on water and maybe a yogurt per day. I always had the feeling of choking and that something is in my throat. I was in therapy for 2 years by then, but for other reasons: I felt lonely. I was far away from my family, 29 years old and felt being late with everything. Finishing school, not being married, no real friends... I think the circumstances were triggering. After 2 years of taking it I feel very good. Intense long dreams dry mouth are my side effects."
"I started off on 5mg they had no effect so Gp upped to 10mg. By the second day the pain had reduced substantially and things felt good. I&#039;ve suffered for eight years with sacroiliac pain S1, herniated discs L4/5/6 at base. Just had successful total hip op. However I&#039;ve had to come off them due to the very bad side effects, nausea, crawling itchy feeling under the skin,unable to sit in the sun and if I did suffered greatly, irritability, very low mood, and worst of all hot flushes. I&#039;m back to my old self now. When peps start telling you you&#039;ve changed, it&#039;s no joke and was very relieved to get them out of my system. Having said that, I know they work for some."
"My legs and elbows were covered and within two months it was all gone !"
"Your patches will not stay on long enough to supply pain relief. When I apply one to my lower back it folds onto itself within 3 hours no matter what I do. They need to be like the Qualitest patches that I have used for years"
"I have been taking Silenor every night for 5 months and love it.  It doesn&#039;t knock me out or make me loopy like Ambien.  Silenor just makes me a bit drowsy, but more importantly is that when I wake up in the middle of the night I fall right back to sleep - which is a lifesaver for me. Since it&#039;s non-addictive, this is great for just normal calm times in my life, which is 95% of the time.  But when I&#039;m stressing out over something and all panicky, then Silenor does practically nothing for me.  I have to take Ambien or Ativan during that 1-2 week period I&#039;m stressing."
"Tamiflu had given me all the possible side effects. Whenever I took it, I could not eat anything, and if I did, I would throw it up. I had severe headaches, fatigue and bad breath as a result of taking this medicine twice per day. I would rather have just had the flu instead of taking this awful medicine. Do not recommend."
"I have been on Adipex for 1 week and have lost 13lbs. I exercise everyday and have put myself on a low calorie diet.  I have noticed that my craving for food has subsided and I love that. I have had some side effects but not that bad. My weigh in was 308lbs, now I am 296lbs. So happy and ready to loss more. Oh yeah cut the pop drinks only drink water."
"I was on this pill for about a year, I worked completely fine for me.
 Although I did have bloating and at first had major mood swings and would often get depressed. Wanted to try something new and I honestly I like Lo Loestrin Fe over any other birth control."
"I&#039;ve had endometriosis for over 20 years and have had about enough of the pain and the accompanying anemia from blood loss. In the last 5 years my blood loss from the endometriosis has increased tenfold and I have developed severe iron deficiency anemia. My OB/GYN and I decided to try Depo again (last time was in the early 90s) and I had my first shot in July of 2011. August was HEAVEN! No period and my iron levels tested almost normal. I was human again! Now it&#039;s September and I have had a &quot;period&quot; (in quotes, because it&#039;s more like a normal woman&#039;s period) for over 15 days and I feel like I have been hit by a Mac truck. No endometriosis pain, but my iron levels are so low from bleeding that all I can do is sleep. When it works, it&#039;s fantastic."
"I am a 23 y/o female and have had moderate acne since I was a teenager. I went to the dermatologist about 3 weeks ago and she prescribed me Acanya for the morning, Ziana at night, and Minocycline twice a day. I can say I see a huge difference in my acne, I have had no new pimples since starting this treatment, and my acne marks are fading. My only issue is that the creams (mostly the Acanya) make my face red and burn very badly for an hour or so after applying, but that goes away. My lips are very dry and cracked as well. I do use a moisturizer but I&#039;m liberal with it because my face gets very oily."
"I am in my 30&#039;s and have hormonal acne.  I have issues with my thyroid and produce too much androgen.   Thank goodness for this stuff!!!  It took a month or so to work but I&#039;m so thankful not to have cystic chin acne.  I have suffered on and off since my teens.   Usually always have a few cystic bulbs on my chin, cheeks, or neck.  I was supposed to use this RX along with oral antibiotics but they made me too sick so I didn&#039;t use them.  This topical RX did the job for me.   I&#039;ve tried so many things."
"I have tried to get Valium prescribed by the Everett clinic for anxiety and sleep. I found it very helpful for anxiety and it made me feel normal. I was able to think straight and act normal. "
"After being on antibiotics I developed a YI. After being unable to find clotrimazole at any of my local drug stores I bought the generic version of this with the purple cap. I&#039;ve used this product before without issues...that was then. This time shortly after inserting the cream I felt intense vaginal burning. By intense I mean it felt like a fire &amp; fire ant bites. The burning was so intense I couldn&#039;t feel any itching. I resisted the urge to rinse it out and suffered all night with little sleep. The next day my vagina felt sore and swollen, which was not how it felt from the YI, only after using this product. I did not use any further doses of this. Instead I called my doctor and got the Diflucan pill. Spare yourself, use an alternative."
"Is a tricky drug but cons out weigh pros I experienced weight gain good if under weight not good for someone already appetite like me took a month to experience antidepressant and anti anxiety properties also helped with sleep but had bad effect on intellectual ability and totally ruined sex drive and actually made me more anxious in mornings and caused head aches when I tried to stop taking so would not recommend why do doctor s push the SSRI s all the time when Valium far more effective for sleep and anxiety problems this and St Johns and comprehensive supplements and improved diet and active lifestyle s far better choice"
"I have been taking Invokana about 2.5 years. The worse thing was a yeast infection but after a while I quit getting them, It helped me to pee good and I lost about 20 lbs, and my A1c was coming down I was satisfied with it and then this year my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it anymore, thanks a lot, so I had to try Farxiga, horrible so now I have to try Jardiance, which surely wont be worse than Farxiga. I would really love to have Invokana back. but the Jardiance dont sound too bad, but i guess I will find out........."
"I got the IUD only one week ago, so I&#039;m guessing it&#039;s too soon to post and will update when more time passes. The insertion was very painful to me. I cried a little and then it was over. However the real pain has been for the past 7 days since insertion. I have terrible cramps and major mood swings. I am also spotting and truly haven&#039;t had any desire to have sex with my boyfriend because I&#039;ve been in so much pain. I will be  giving it 2 more weeks but I can&#039;t withstand so much more of this pain. I&#039;m 28 years old and I&#039;m an attorney so it&#039;s pretty disruptive to be in a meeting with a client when I&#039;m cringing because of the pain. As of now, I truly regret this decision..."
"I am 24 and recently sought out a birth control pill because I will be getting married in March. I was put on Loestrin24 back in December 09. Thankfully I did not read all of the scary internet blogs until afterwards or I probably wouldn&#039;t have tried it. I have not had mood swings (in fact, I feel I am a less moodier person now). It is easy to keep up with and seeing that I am a first time BC user fell in love with knowing when my menstrual cycle would occur. The only negative side effects that have occurred since taking the pill: I gained 10 pounds the first two weeks of taking this pill. I&#039;ve had a hard time shedding those pounds, but at least it has not increased as of yet. Secondly, my boobs hurt like crazy. I can hardly touch them, they are so sore."
"I have had restless leg syndrome since I was at least 5 yrs old, it runs in my family. It affected my school, jobs, trips and sleeping. As I got older the symptoms became worse. By the age of 30 yrs old I could no longer sleep at night due to the energy build up in my legs and arms, my brain was also not shutting down at night. I dreaded going to bed for years.  My twin sister also has rest leg syndrome and her doctor put her on Klonopin, it worked for her. So I went to my doctor and he gave me a prescription of Requip. It didn&#039;t work well. He switched my medication and I started taking Klonopin. The changes were immediate.  I slept for the first time all night.  I can take long drives, fly in airplanes and actually sit through a movie."
"Well no experience more like question I was just prescribed this drug but I see so many bad reviews so I&#039;m scared for dear life to try it but I need something to work I was on Zoloft 50 mg but it did nothing what else can I get on that I won&#039;t have awful side effects like these reviews"
"I have been taking Seasonique for almost three months.  I did not have a period until three weeks ago and I have been on my period for 3 weeks.  It is very light, I have read through the information and it says your period can last for over 20 days.  I do have a call into my doctor to see how much longer I need to have my period before I need to be concerned."
"I have been taking .075mg for at least 2 years.  No bad side effects.  No weight gain or loss.  I would say the only difference I notice is no more afternoon fatigue.  This medicine takes awhile to start working.  I do believe it should be taking as said.  (  half hour before meal ) which I don&#039;t always follow. My dose has recently been increased to 0.1 MG.  I am going to do my best to follow the directions now....half hour before meal at breakfast."
"I am 16 years old. I have been to over 20 in and outpaient mental health hospitals, including residential. I had severe depression, severe anxiety, and the last year before I was diagnosed, extreme anger. I was suicidal, homicidal, I self harmed, I had an eating disorder, I dealt with death, abuse, bullying, everything. I attempted suicide four times. I barely made it each time. I had all the symptoms. low self-esteem, self harm, eating disorders, isolation, mania, the suicidal/homicidal thoughts, I was trying to use drugs, I skipped school, I tried to kill people, I had insomnia. I finally, after two years, found this miracle little pill. "
"My Dr. prescribed me Thorazine for insomnia because she doesn&#039;t like Ambien, Xanax, etc. Felt like a zombie in the morning, plus I developed a tolerance from 50 mg to 100 mg in 2 weeks. Felt dead inside. After 100 mg and another 2 weeks had trouble sleeping again and doctor told me to double the dose. I didn&#039;t do it."
"My test is tomorrow at 3:00pm... kinda late!!  I&#039;ve been on clear liquids ALL day today, and will be all day tomorrow until after the test. The hunger so far is terrible!  I prepared cup 1. I refrigerated the Suprep bottles, and water in fridge. I slugged it down in 3 good swigs, nose blocked. Not bad at all.   No chills, no cramps. 10 min in, burping. 40 min in was squirt 1. Over 90 min, 4 trips to the john.  Lots of gatorade, jello, broth.  This was so EASY!!  I feel &quot;dry&quot;.  I bet tomorrow&#039;s cup of Suprep will be just as easy since it will be just liquid.  Kudos to the GI industry pharmaceuticals they finally got the picture that Golytely gallon was unbearable. My 3rd colonoscopy at 43.  Prep was GOOD!!!"
"Lost 5 pounds in 9 days. Love this med!"
"Fever 103 tested + flu B started Tamiflu. Fever broke but had horrible headaches, insomnia and total loss of appetite. Headache was horrible. Stopped taking it at day 4 and still have headache and feel &quot;off&quot; not right."
"I just started this medication about 5 days ago so far I haven&#039;t had any side effects and am going to continue taking as directed I&#039;m on 20mg a day. I have been having severe anxiety due to the loss of a loved one (my brother ) hopefully this medication will work im keeping my fingers crossed will give another comment maybe 2 months into it"
"When I started accutane 5 months ago, I knew everything about it from blogs, reviews, forums, etc. However, nothing prepared me for my initial breakout. It was wretched and I basically looked like complete rubbish for 2 months. Despite this, I knew the effectiveness of accutane and was willing to take the bad breakout, drying skin and everything else that came with it. During accutane, my skin had ups and downs but now, by the fifth month, I have NO active acne. There is some discoloration from my initial breakout and that will probably take months to go away but I seriously cannot complain. If any of you are struggling with a severe initial breakout on accutane. STICK WITH IT and HANG IN THERE. It&#039;ll get better if you let it."
"Savella has been life changing for me. When I initially started the titration pack I had no issues. When moving to the 50mg twice a day, the 1st couple days were rough. So, I moved to taking 25mg in the morning and 50 mg at night. I have only had a couple of very tolerable side effects since (flushing and sweating more than normal). These side effects are more than worth it. I have my life back for the first time in more than 4 years. 

One thing that is really important is taking it with food and around the same time each day. The difference in my life has brought me to tears (of joy). I would recommend this to others. Don&#039;t give up if at first it didn&#039;t work for you. Try again and stick with it."
"Cannot get it to stay on. Don&#039;t know why anyone would recommend it. Went thru 3 patches in 3 days because they do not stick, wouldn&#039;t even stay on with waterproof tape over it. Insurance won&#039;t pay for another box of 4 which should last a month."
"I was wondering why I had irregular bowel movements for quite some time. I went to Dr. after Dr. explaining my symptoms (constipation, bloating, back pain, dark stool.) Most of them thought I had IBS or an allergy to gluten. I had these symptoms from 2009 till recently. After some thought I decided to switch my medication. My Psychologist wrote me a new prescription and I started to ween of the paxil. 2 weeks into my new medication schedule I started to feel 1000 times better! I go to the bathroom daily now just as a healthy person should. In fact, it seems like my body is trying to make up for lost time. Needless to say, Paxil I feel is the cause of my extreme constipation."
"Very very effective. Would recommend. Helpful medicine for psychosis and mania. Helps with delusions and paranoia and voices and all that comes with a psychotic episode. Only down side is a feeling of anxiety and having to move around and can&#039;t sit still for too long when on this med but it is a very effective medication."
"I was switched from Lexapro to Zoloft 50mg about a week ago and I found it quite helpful for calming my mind from obsessive thoughts and depressed feeling. Now I am on 75 mg and it is further improving my condition. After 1 week, I will be on 100 mg and I am hoping that it will give me more good results."
"I had a open wound on bottom of foot. This stuff is awesome"
"I have started Vimpat just over 7 days ago and noticed I feel like losing marbles. I can&#039;t think straight, I can&#039;t concentrate on anything, can&#039;t read anything as can&#039;t concentrate long enough to read it. I get really dizzy, I&#039;m forgetting lots, even walked out forgetting hadn&#039;t put shoes on. I was only started on 50mg one a day and within 7 days thinking it&#039;s making me a nutter."
"Tizanidine worked well for about a year. Then my body became resistant to it as I required more and more to be able to rest. My Doctor has since changed my meds."
"My name is Amanda and I&#039;m a 39 yrs old female have one kid, a girl 13 yrs old.  My weight before I started taking Contrave was 211lb and I am 5&#039;3&quot; tall.  My first dose of Contrave was on September 26, 2015.  So far I have only lost 6lb. (After 3 wks.)
I have no experience any nausea or headaches and I believe is because I had being taking the pills 30 minutes after I eat.
Now, what I have noticed is a weakness to my neck, very hungry, generalized small muscle spasms when I&#039;m lying in bed, not so much energy but a feeling of wellbeing.  My memory has sharpen and I had regular soft form BMs.  My abdomen is getting flat because of it.  I also noticed the medication has affected my vision and at times a hear a sharp wheezing sound in my ears."
"Drysol works amazing for me! The only reason I rate it a 9 is because of the burning and itching I get every night. I really don&#039;t care though because its worth it to not have even one drop of sweat. I guess I have it worse than most   because I have to use it every day or I will start sweating again."
"Doctor prescribed 100mg perles.  I am still coughing like crazy, congested and can&#039;t breathe. I wanted promethazine DM cough syrup (NOT the codeine one - as I don&#039;t do well with codeine). Doctor prescribed these stupid things instead. 
Kaiser does not cover the cough medicine that works."
"This cream is amazing...the minute I feel and notice the reaction from poison ivy coming I apply to the affected area. This cream controls the itch all day from just one application. Greatly lessens the severity of the out break and the length of time I have the reaction.  I reapply daily until gone.  The poison does not spread either...I keep this cream on hand."
"I have been on trinessa for about 10 months. I will say that as far as birth control goes it&#039;s pretty effective. My periods were basically 3ish days long and were super light AND most importantly I never got pregnant!! That being said I was extremely moody and went through a pretty bad depression. After reading some reviews I now realize that there are plenty of women who have had similar experiences. I&#039;ve been off of trinessa for about a month now and my mood has had a drastic improvement. Now on to looking for a new birth control."
"Tips for taking off the patch:  use oil (we use skin so soft, but any oil will work) to rub into the skin around the edges of the patch and let it sit for a little bit... maybe about 20 - 30 seconds... pull it gently while continuing to rub oil into the edges a little at a time, repeat.  The oil dissolves the &quot;glue&quot; and also helps remove the sticky residue that shows up a day later, easier to just wipe off after being sprayed with a mist of oil than scrubbed off with soap and water. 
 
Breakfast is all ready to eat when she wakes up- sometimes I make a high calorie, high nutrient smoothie and give it to her while she&#039;s still in bed,  put the patch on at the same time, let her snooze for 20 more minutes; PM gets high cal/high nutrient snack"
"I found out I have PTSD, Social Anxiety Disorder and general Anxiety Disorder. I was putting myself in a bubble and would curl up in a ball just to escape. I quit a job I loved because of the stress, I quit going to to the grocery store and other public places because the anxiety was too much. Ithe was effecting my relationships and I was in a bad place where I thought that was what life was about. 
After being diagnosed, I was given Zoloft. I looked at my phsycharist like he was crazy. Like this one pill a day would really have the effect of fixing me. I have taken it religiously, every day as prescribed. After 4 weeks I want to cry. I was missing so much, and haven&#039;t felt this good on years. I have my life back. Thank you zoloft"
"Guys!!! Calm down, my girlfriend and I made the dumb decision to not use protection, so I bought the pill immediately after intercourse. I pulled out but I wouldn&#039;t risk it THAT much. This was on July 5 and two days ago she got her period, and currently is. It might mess her cycle but remain calm. The best thing to do is to relax and just use it as an experience to get on better birth control. DONT LOOK AT REVIEWS AND PRAY!"
"Before I buy a product I research it. Unfortunately, when it came to looking for a birth control majority of the reviews for ones ranging from Yaz to Ortho Tri-Cyclen were negative so I threw all caution to the wind and allowed my doc to fill a script for Loestrin 24 Fe. Ladies, prior to taking this pill my periods ranged from 4-6 days and were very irregular with heavy bleeding (one time I bled through my jeans in class, ultra embarrassing). In addition, my symptoms consisted of diarrhea, nausea, lethargy and severe cramps which kept me in bed. The first 3 months taking Loestrin were difficult (spotting/mild cramps), but now I&#039;ve been on it 5 years and I haven&#039;t seen a sign of my old symptoms. Plus my periods are light and short. I recommend."
"If there is such a thing as a &quot;Miracle Pill&quot;,  Belviq is it.  For the first time ever, I DON&#039;T have insane cravings.  I now know what it&#039;s like to feel full! This is the tool that goes with the exercise and eating good foods that is my key to success.  Past efforts were always ruined by an epic hunger binges.  Those are gone now.  I still get hungry, but NOTHING like it was in the past.
     Side effects: Dry mouth is real, but subsides after a couple of weeks to a degree.  Dreams are initially *spectacularly* weird, but also subside.
     My insurance doesn&#039;t cover it, which horrifies me since this is saving my life and their long-term costs, but I will do what it takes to afford the $210 per month I&#039;m paying."
"Advair helps me to breathe, bottom line. I rated it an 8 only because of the side effect of heartburn, which can be almost intolerable at times.  I can find something to relieve that discomfort! I don&#039;t really have much of an appetite (see as a good thing for maintaining blood sugar levels and weight).  I am using in conjunction with another once a day inhaler.  I feel better and clearer than I have in years!"
"I had a good start in life. A single mom, an older brother, a State job, a girl, a quiet house in my hometown. I almost lost it all due to alcohol. I could write a book of how to use alcohol to flirt with prison, the grim reaper and insanity. I started drinking when I was 16 and I am 40 now. I never really stopped drinking that entire time. I then started taking Prozac 30 mg a day. I am now Alcohol free for a year and have no desire to drink at all. It helped me amazingly but I was also finally ready to quit drinking. "
"I honestly don&#039;t like this medication very much. I just started it previously and I am experiencing extreme drowsiness and although it is a common side effect it is not normal to the point where I zone in and out like I&#039;m as high as a kite."
"I have Bipolar Disorder and I was put on 50mg of Pristiq in May. It worked well for a bit. The Psych Doc increased the dose to 100mg last week. I&#039;ve noticed a huge difference in my anxiety. My anxiety is near gone! I did have headaches, but I&#039;ve only been on this new dose for almost a week. Oh, at times I feel a little nauseous."
"Since I&#039;ve been on this pill my periods are lighter and last 3 to 4 days. Before Lutera I would get horrible cramps and now my cramps don&#039;t bother me as much. When I first took the pill of course there were some side effects, but 
nothing severe, your body just needs some time to adjust to it. I&#039;ve been on this pill since I was 17 now 22yrs old so far. No problems with it and I continue to take it everyday at the same time."
"Im 14 year old girl &amp; I&#039;m on ortho tri cyclen (which is basically the same thing just cheaper) it&#039;s been 2 months &amp; it&#039;s been the same.. hasn&#039;t gotten any better. I have tiny little pimples on my forehead WHICH HAS NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE. And more breakouts on my cheeks. But I haven&#039;t gave the medication enough time, I&#039;m gonna give it 1-2 more months like people/Doctor are saying &amp; report back.!!

Side note: drink a lot of water, workout, eat healthy, sleep well, and change pillow cases. Don&#039;t touch face, stick to a routine, don&#039;t put 10000 products on your face, try not to stress, and smile more. 

( if you already do all of the above then your acne is hormonal and its out of control like mine.. Which is why I started taking birth control"
"It stopped the stomach pain and diarhea but it gave me constipation really bad."
"Sanctura has given me freedom to be more than 10ft from the bathroom. An unexpected bonus is that it cleared up the last problems of my depression. I am free of suicidal thinking, able to be in crowds. So I am enjoying life more than I&#039;ve ever had in the past."
"I was put on mirena 9 months ago to help with my heavy periods and thickened womb lining. I found the insertion proceedure very distressing and painful. Psychologically, I was a bit messed up for a few days because it felt like I had something alien inside me and was terrified that it would move position and damage me.

My periods are a lot lighter, but they drag in for longer. I never know when I&#039;m going to get one, but the current cycle is about 20 days. Because about 10 days of that is bleeding, I don&#039;t get much of a break.

I&#039;m unhappy with mirena but I worry about the alternative. I do t want ablation or hysterectomy, so is it besfor me just to put up and shut up?"
"Slept like a baby, no cough."
"I was put on Trazodone for depression after other antidepressants began giving me restless legs syndrome. It has been great for both sleep and depression. I am having side effects of stuffy nose and sore muscles. Also having some loss of bladder control when I sneeze or cough from it. Overall it has been the best one I have tried so far for depression. It lets me sleep, whereas before I would have non stop thoughts keeping me awake."
"The taste was horrible. It gave me severe headaches."
"I highly recommend this drug &quot; I was a smoker for 24 years . When I think about it ,I am disgusted with myself .well men and women I am No longer a smoker thanks to this incredible drug . On my week 2  had slight nausea ,headache .   Week 3  ,incredible ,did not feel like smoking  .its like that this drug erased the memorie in my brain that ever smoked . Week 4 ,well ,the thought of cigarettes make me quizy.   I forgot what it was like to feel  the way I feel today . Healthier ."
"I have suffered from MG for 9 years. My original symptoms were mostly ocular with some generalized symptoms. I tested negative for AcR antibodies. I was on high dose Prednisone for a long time. When the symptoms came back, I told my Neuroogist that we had to find something else and he recommended we try CellCept. It works but there are side effects (mostly just annoying) and long term risks."
"20  years in the evening for LUPUS (SLE), rheumatoid arthritis and now AVN (a vascular necrosis, from steroid use and the SLE).  I have been on Exalgo 16 mg, Nucynta 100 mg every 12 hrs for breakthrough pain. The Exalgo was sufficient. Nucynta takes pain away for a short time, and does make me sleepy, combined with the fatigue from lupus.  Once in a while I get headaches and jittery, don&#039;t know if it&#039;s from the Nucynta. (Better described like a painful spot in my head, instead of a headache)."
"I started taking the apidex in January.  I was prescribe 1 per day. My original weight was 305. I went for my follow  up on 1/27/17. From 1/21/17 untill 1/27/17 I had lost 2.5 lbs in 6 days. My next visit is on 2/28/17 I will let you know if I lost any more weight. I have not done any exercise but I do have a lot more energy. I can walk without giving out of breath. So I hope I have lost more."
"I&#039;ve been on lupron twice in 6years. The first time was 2008 &amp; I didn&#039;t experience any symptoms. I was extremely happy about that. Like most of you reading all the side effects had me a little on edge. The second time my doctor suggested that I get on it (Dec2014) I agreed with no problem.. Hoping that will be the same experience as the first time.... Ohhhhhh but it wasn&#039;t, I had hot flashes, night sweats &amp; weight gaining. I couldn&#039;t wait until those 6months were over.. Unlike the first time 3 months off lupron my cycle started &amp; 2weeks later two cyst 7.5cm... I was devastated &amp; in so much pain &amp; b4 you knew it I was having surgery.. I&#039;m 2days fresh out the hospital on lupron again... I pray this time I have a different outcome."
"Starting taking this 4 years ago. Lost 20 lbs.  It works but if u take it too long you have terrible side effects. Severe dry mouth, bad breath, wired, can&#039;t focus, constipation. I mentioned to the Dr the side effects and he said he&#039;s never had anyone complain about any negative side effects. I also asked if I should only take the medication for a certain period of time and he said no. I guess he got his money so he didn&#039;t care.  I just went off it and have gained about 8lbs back but that&#039;s because you fall hard. You are tired all the time. Like I said it works but I think I will try the eating healthy and exercise."
"I have dealt with severe flare ups from Irritable Bowel Syndrome for almost 3 years and the combination of Bentyl, Donnatal and when very bad, Lomotil, work together like a charm.  Donnatal is my go-to medicine, but Bentyl does what it is suppose to do which is to help with the cramping and pain associated with flare ups.  ZERO side effects at 40-60mg a day.  Good medicine."
"I&#039;ve started this medication a week ago, and it works great!  For someone who was always nervous over stupid stuff and worried about really nothing... This does help.  I was to the point where I couldn&#039;t even sit in a car without flipping out or at least having a worry issue.  Trust me, try this product. This has saved my life.  I was down in the dumps for about a year or so dealing with this issue.  This medication helped me a lot!  I&#039;ve watched some videos on YouTube about people and doctors saying &quot;just get over it and get thru it&quot;. Yeah- easier said than done... I tried that method for 6 months!  Never worked until my doctor prescribed me this!  Hope this helped! I understand this med won&#039;t work for everyone.... But most of you it will."
"I am taking the medicine for a bad infection in my tonsil. The first antibiotic I tried did not work.  On the 3rd-5th day of taking this, I developed a severe headache in the back of my head.  I was told this was from the infection and to administer heat, then cold compresses.  This relieved the pressure and headache immediately.  Thought this post might help someone in the future to know what to do.  I am feeling great today on day 6."
"I was on Hizentra and never felt well - ever!  During infusion, I would immediately become nauseated.  Shortly thereafter I would experience a horrible headache. My Pre-medications were Zofran, Zomig (for my migraine problems), Tylenol,  and Benadryl.  My trough level was at a decent level so I was able to have my sinus surgery.  I had post sinus infections of 3 different bacteria. I just kept getting sicker and sicker.  Hizentra was the worst drug interactions ever put into my body for 8 months!"
"I was on it for a month &amp; lost 7 pounds. I started having really weird dreams &amp; my mouth was super dry. Started taking it again after stopping for about a week taking 1 in the morning &amp; 1 late afternoon. I am going to increase again bc this medicine really does curb my appetite &amp; no cravings. I do feel nauseous but it goes away after chewing gum"
"Everyone is different! however I do not suggest this medicine if can be avoided. Due to an abnormality in my blood, my only bc option was the depo shot. I have been miserable since day one and it&#039;s not getting any better. I read all the reviews against it but I was set that it would be different for me. Hard no! My acne tripled in severity. I experience shortness of breath and muscle fatigue on the daily. The mood swings have been out of control and ultimately I no longer feel like myself. This has really impacted my life and I strongly urge you to avoid."
"I have battled anxiety for years. I have a supportive family, a loving husband and child, and could not understand why I wanted to sleep or cry the days away, the months away, the years away..... My breaking point was my family was struggling to comprehend why I did not want to do anything we loved anymore or be active in our daily life. It hit me hard I could not walk into a room of people without going into a panic. Prozac is the 3rd medicine I tried. I feel like a million dollars now. I am me again. I was on 10mg for 1 month and now 20mg a day. I&#039;m crying as I write this because anxiety is real. It effected everything in my life. But not anymore. My fear and panic are gone. I can run circles around my loved ones! It&#039;s great."
"I took Chantix according to the directions for 1 month and I have been smoke free for over a year.  Not only did Chantix help me quit, but I have not had any desire to smoke again.   Chantix is amazing.  I tried quitting with the patch, gum, nicotine inhaler, hypnosis, will power, and Zyban (Wellbutrin) and NOTHING ever worked for more then a month or two.  I would recommend Chantix to EVERYONE and ANYONE who is serious about quitting.  IT WORKS!"
"My very serious problem is my legs. I do always have cramps every time I stand for a longer hours and it really affects my work, after I take this medicine.,I can say that its a miracle! it works for me. I love it!"
"Its only been a week since starting but so far I have absolutely no side effects. The first 2 nights I had weird dreams, but now I&#039;m back to normal."
"i was diagnosed in 2014, and I can honestly say it has been a very difficult disease to handle......though I know there are much worse out there. I was put on Diamox and my headaches or vision problems did not improve, in fact they got worse.  I have had more migraines since starting this than I ever did before.  The side effects are awful........no appetite, foggy head (I am barely able to function day to day), nausea, everything you try to eat tastes AWFUL.  I am glad this has worked for some, but I can not continue taking it."
"I love the Nuvaring! It is the the best birth control I have ever used so far. I dont have any side effects and I can&#039;t even feel it."
"I have a condition called gastroparesis and for three years I was in bed for 3 to 5 days a week vomiting all day.  I didn&#039;t have a life, it was slowly killing me.  My doctor give me every kind of medicine to try with no relief.  Then she give me Zofran and it was a miracle for me!  I take 8 MG and I still will occasionally be nauseated, sometimes with vomiting but as of now it&#039;s been six weeks and then it was only for a few hours.  If anyone has suffered from this it is horrible!   I realize it may not work for everyone but I was totally at the end of my rope and this saved my life!  I do have to take a laxative once in a while but I&#039;d rather do that then living the way I was!"
"Trigeminal, geniculate and glossopharyngeal neuralgia at once. Excruciating. I couldn&#039;t eat solid foods. This med brought pain level down and I could still function. I didn&#039;t have the usual &quot;pain med&quot; side effects for some reason. Got me through til I had surgery for my condition. I would take again if in severe pain for extended period."
"Horrible! Had a period every 2 weeks the whole time! Spotting regularly, terrible cramps, repetitive infections."
"Pretty quick pain release, combined with high doses of Ibuprofen is quickly effective ."
"Effects on me were Irregular and heavy bleeding for months horrible abdomenal pain extra body hair and weight gain. It worked though no pregnancy but my body reaction is severe."
"This medicine works every time I take it - zero bad side effects.  The downside is the cost.   And that cost means that some of my migraines must drag on and on."
"Worst decision ever. 2 months since insertion, and nothing but annoying spotting, cramping and General misery"
"I went to several doctors and wasted 5 months and a lot of dollars before I was diagnosed with Trigeminal Neuralgia.  I was originally diagnosed with TMJ disorder.  My excruciating pain was right in the middle of my ear and it was the worst stabbing, electric-like pain anyone could imagine.  It would just paralyze you.  No indications on when it would happen.  I have been on carbamazepine for about two months and it has work fantastically.  It did make me a bit sleepy and unsteady in the beginning, but that has waned and now I really do not have any side effects. I do sleep better at night than I did before I took it. I take 2 chewable tablets, 100 mg, 2x a day and that has taken care of the pain. I have not had any episodes since I started taking it."
"I have now been on Nuvigil since mid July, 2010. My doctor was initially hesitant to prescribe it to me because he was of the opinion that I could just &#039;will away&#039; my sleep disturbance. I have sleep apnea and shift work sleep disorder. He prescribed this begrudgingly as he figured all I needed was more self control. If that was all I needed, somewhere in the 20  years I was struggling with this, I should have had success. I tolerated his belittling because I needed his help. Starting on DAY 1, I began to tell a real difference with using Nuvigil. To me, it was a miracle medicine. I could finally stay awake in the daytime without feeling sleepy ALL THE TIME. Since starting this, I have had the energy to be highly productive everyday ever since."
"This knocked me out all day and didn&#039;t even help me sleep at night."
"Just started Belviq, slight headache first day, which subsided, but I noticed the superhuman ability to say no to snacking. I opened the fridge and didn&#039;t want anything. Noticed bursts of &quot;I need to get up and do something&quot;.  My first night sleep was just so comfortable.  Will power in a bottle."
"I had incredibly bad acne. I would get picked on for having such bad skin, my skin would make me cry it was so horrible. Nothing worked for me, everything I took to control my acne just made it worse. Then I tried duac and nothing cleared my skin faster than this. This product has made my skin go from nothing but spots to completely flawless. I would recommend this to everyone with acne or blemishes."
"Most palatable drink for bowel prep I&#039;ve had to date (compared to 2 previous...but it is pricey depending on how much your insurance will pay: Tricare was good). I followed Dr.s advice on prep and bowel was clean and clear for pictures and work."
"The only reason this is rated a 7 is because of the effectiveness. I started with the implanon version for about three years; it was great with an occasional bad cramping. I got the next one, nexplanon, and have had it about two years. The cramping is horrendous at times, lasting two weeks or off and on regularly. My periods became a majority of the month by the second year of having nexplanon. I have always had anxiety but I personally feel that the nexplanon is making it worse and I was diagnosed with IBS (for the pain and stomach upset/anxiety). A part of me is terrified that if I take the nexplanon out my symptoms will get worse, but I can also tell you I&#039;ve never had these symptoms until I took Nexplanon. Be wary."
"I was on Nuvaring for almost 4 years and I loved it. I had NO side effects. The only reason I&#039;m not on it now is because I got pregnant on it but no birth control is 100%."
"I started taking this drug because of the stressful traumatic experiences I had. Immediately, from the very first hour after I took it, I noticed a difference. It is an excellent mediciation. It made me forget about my bad memories, it made me more confidant, less anxious in almost all situations, less fearful, more focused. And I was taking its lowest dose. I did built a tolerance to it after 6 months, and I stopped taking it. I didn&#039;t want to stay on it forever, but I still feel as if I am taking, I still feel the effects the drug has had on me. Negative side effects: I did have a few awkward outbursts on it, and when I first started taking it, it took my body sometime to adjust to the strength of the medication."
"It &#039;sort of&#039; worked for the first few months after my diagnosis, but I was still having symptoms of blood about every other day. The only side effect was some increased hair loss (very noticeable to me, but not to others). It&#039;s kind of messy and uncomfortable, terribly awkward if you are sharing a bed with someone, and you are supposed to lay still for awhile after you take it, which is a problem for an insomniac. I switched medications to Canasa when I was going to be traveling for a month because a month&#039;s supply of Rowasa would have taken up half my suitcase. Canasa ended up working MUCH better and my symptoms were mostly gone a few months after I switched."
"Taking for neck and back pain, and sciatica from being in a MVA.  Seems to make my hearing sensitive--when I read to my daughter, it&#039;s like my voice is too loud so I have to speak very softly.  Absolutely no drowsiness, but I have had a killer headache in the back of my head for days.  It has not made any drastic difference in my muscle pain and sciatica, but I have only been on it less than one week.  Will keep trying it until my follow up in a week.  So far, so good, except for the bad, bad headache in the back of my head.  Sleeping good and waking refreshed, unlike when I took Soma."
"I believe I was walking in my sleep whenever I took this drug. I would find myself out of bed, in another room of my home. For example I would be standing in front of my kitchen sink, I don&#039;t remember getting out of bed and walking to the kitchen. However, I do remember catching myself to break a fall. Reaching out to catch myself from falling is what woke me up. This happened every time I took Zolpidem Tartrate 10mg. I need sleep. Don&#039;t know what to try next."
"This is an update to my posting late Jan. Now after 4 months of titration I&#039;m at 40mg. But disappointed. I could sleep 12 hours each night if allowed to, constantly tired. And taking a new hysingla pill every 15-18 hours for bleed-through pain. Definitely missing my old four times a day Percs, but I&#039;d be doubling up on those too I&#039;m sure. So Dr says live with it. Pain level at 2. But never any better. And that&#039;s disappointing. Dr won&#039;t go higher."
"I had a liver transplant and was prescribed this medication as an ongoing treatment to combat bacterial infections that may occur due to being on immunosuppressants.  I stopped taking it after one year but then experienced significant acne on my head and chest.  I will resume this medication as obviously it has helped."
"Works great!   Have been using for about two months now, already seeing improvement in vision"
"First time I went to an inpatient rehab, thought I was going to die I was so sick, shaking uncontrollably, near hallucinating, and they gave me two tablets of which mg I don&#039;t know, and it worked wonders! I took what I imagine to be 25mg every 4-6 hours after that and within 3 days felt great, stayed there 5 days and at day 4 I was ready to get out of there. Unfortunately, I relapsed and binged for a month. This time I did it outpatient and the Dr. gave me 25mg tabs which I took 1 every 4-6 hours the first day and it immediately made me feel 10 times better. Overall the course of 5 days I slowly tapered off and it&#039;s what I recommend to anyone wiithdrawing from the sauce."
"My experience is much like everyone else. It stunk. I had such high hopes. It took me 2 hours to fall asleep had a vivid dream for an hour and woke up. You can see how well it worked for me as I&#039;m up wide awake 3 hours after I took the med. Fun part was learned what depths my brain had in my dream. Won&#039;t even be trying a second time. I took 20mg off the bat."
"I was given the three month injection in July 2012, with no mention of the potential side effects. I have been off lupron for over one year and still have debilitating bone/joint and muscle pain. I have had significant hair loss, short term memory problems and depression. My physical disabilities mean I will probably have to give up work. It is disgraceful that this drug was given to me with no discussion around these life changing side effects. I&#039;m worse now than before I started!!"
"I definitely want to share my experience...it seems I&#039;m one of the few who didn&#039;t have any negative side effects from it.  Had sex on 7/22 and the condom broke.  Took Plan B about 8 hours later and spent the next week freaking out that I may be pregnant.  My period runs like clockwork, but I&#039;ve never really paid attention to when I&#039;m ovulating, but I estimated that I may have ovulated the day before I had sex.  Like I said, I had NO side effects.  I lost my appetite, but I&#039;m attributing that to the severe anxiety I was experiencing.  I was due for my period on 7/31, and started bleeding fairly heavily a few hours ago, so a few days early.  Just because the side effects aren&#039;t there doesn&#039;t mean the pill isn&#039;t working."
"Started on Effexor. Lost my mind. Was put on Celexa (20mg) and lived my life. Things were okay. I had anxiety still, but it was controlled. Didn&#039;t care much about anything. But my anxiety was controlled. That went on for 2 years. 

Just over a month ago, I saw a new doctor (insurance changed and previous doctor didn&#039;t accept it). She pushed me to try Paxil. I replaced my 20mg of Celexa with 10mg of Paxil for 2 days, then went to 20mg Paxil. No issues at all. 

I am so happy I did it. I am a completely different person.  When I say anxiety was controlled on Celexa, I&#039;ll tell you I have NO anxiety on Paxil. I haven&#039;t thought about it at all. 

I leave, drive, hang out with my friends, go do everything that not even Celexa allowed me to do."
"I&#039;ve had the implanon for one year and I&#039;m getting it taken out next week, cant wait! It is really great for birth control, was free to get and I didn&#039;t get a period for the whole year... but the side effects are not worth it!! I have gained 15kgs! (I always used to be skinny) I get headaches and body pains almost everyday. Oh and the mood... I get anxiety and depression so badly this past year. I went from a fit, skinny, happy, normal 22 year old... and now I am chubby, miserable and sore everyday. Do not get this."
"This drug was taken for twenty years. It caused severe peripheral neuropathy diagnosed for two years before my own research revealed that the peripheral neuropathy was caused by Avapro. Since stopping the drug periphrastic neuropathy in hands arms and face has dissipated but seems to be permanent in the feet."
"There are reviews that may make you question it. But I&#039;ve had cold sores I left untreated that left scars and lasted for weeks. This isn&#039;t a cure but it significantly reduced the size and time of my cold sore. It&#039;s worth the twenty bucks."
"I&#039;m 21. Cymbalta works really well with depression. It made me happy. So happy I could lose my mind in myself and forget to do anything but eat and think. That&#039;s why I&#039;m giving it a 5. When I started taking it I lost about 4lbs.... Then... Tada! I gained 14lbs in 2 weeks. I got off the medicine right after this. I&#039;m not going to gain all my weight back to make myself more depressed in the future. Watch out for this one if you&#039;re watching what you eat. I&#039;ve lost 7 of the 14, so at least I have that. But I&#039;m upset by the gain. I was on it for a month."
"I have taken Paxil 10mg for 6 weeks for chronic post traumatic stress disorder. It has helped a lot already decreased my anxiety about 20%. I&#039;m going to try to go up to 20mg and see how much that works, because my anxiety is still moderately high. The only side effect I got from it is sedation, I can take it and soon after I take it I fall asleep. It has also helped my depression, I can now start to function again. With this Paxil I&#039;m almost out of my depression. I also took Celexa before Paxil and it worked for about a year and that was it, so that&#039;s why I&#039;m on Paxil now, and it works 10 times better than Celexa."
"I have been on every medication out there to help with my anxiety,/depression.  I was taking effexor which worked at first but I noticed that my head was just filled with unnecessary garbage to say the least.  My Dr took me off of the effexor and replaced it with brintellix and saphris which really helped my moods and depression.  But my anxiety was still affecting me to the point I thought I was having a stroke.  He prescribed my 1 mg of Xanax 3 times a day and wow!  The difference is night and day!  I am actually able to function normally and am so relieved.  I&#039;m still scared to be taking it because of the addiction that can come with it,  but with my Dr&#039;s guidance I am feeling better about this medication.  My anxiety has subsided! Grateful!"
"I got this prescribed by the ER after dealing with severe migraines.
Took it for the first time today after trying everything else and no relief in sight, within 30 minutes my headache was gone, I did notice a slight lightheaded feeling in the beginning but it soon passed and I finished out the rest of my day at work like normal.
I&#039;m definitely a fan!"
"I was on Seasonique for a little over 2 weeks, I developed a blood clot about halfway through that time from it, I didn&#039;t know it until it started hurting. I&#039;m not trying to scare the rest of you ladies!I just wanted to say ,pay VERY close attention to your body when you start this therapy. Especially your limbs. Report any pain, swelling, aching or burning sensations in your arms or legs ASAP to your doctors or go to the nearest emergency room!"
"I was addicted to pain pills (any kind that I could get high off of) for a few years. I finally took the huge step of getting on methadone. It was the best thing I could have done. Methadone saved my life - if not for methadone I would have probably overdosed and might even be dead right now. Methadone gave my parents back there daughter. Its not for everyone though so if you are not serious about getting clean don&#039;t waste the clinics time because it could be spent helping people who really do want to change there life."
"I have had anxiety for approximately 30 years and have been on Paxil for about 10. What a difference it has made in my life. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who is suffering from Anxiety. I also suffer from panic disorder and just carrying Xanax with me has helped alleviate my attacks.  Only have to take it once in awhile now....Also...working out more has really helped with stress and a great preventative and with a little of the weight gain from Paxil. Take care."
"In about five days I started feeling like a cloud lifted and clear thinking rolled in. I&#039;m very happy with the Aptiom (800mg is my dose). So glad I have it. Wish the ACA insurance paid more, as I&#039;m paying $622/ 90 day supply. Otherwise, it&#039;s very effective."
"The medicine is a life saver that increases ones quality of life immeasurably."
"I have suffered back, knee and foot pain for years after two failed back surgeries. Finally given Butran patches and the relief was terrific. Here is the problem that led to me having to stop the treatment. The release of the medication in the patch is accelerated by heat and perspiration and I was overdosing myself by being to active. Even the sun on my shirt caused an overdose."
"I was on enalapril for 2 months, the coughing was terrible. The doctor changed it to losartan potassium. The cough got a little better but I am experiencing headaches everyday. It works well for my blood pressure. I am taking 25mg once a day. I am going to ask the doctor to change it if the headaches don&#039;t go away."
"Male 66 who has been on this drug for 10 years.  Without it my life as I know it would be gone!  Took about 3/4 months to fully work and change my blood chem. back to normal as it was WAY out.  dsDNA rate last check was down to 70.  Now I travel the world in remote areas, walk more than 5 miles in the jungle heat and feel like my old self (well as much as I can being another decade older) ;-)"
"Was on lexapro 20mg one a day for year thought I would try something different  Dr said try Zoloft 50 mg a day OMG what a mistake. First week bad dreams, rash, itchy, dizziness no sex drive etc. terrible not for me going back on lexapro."
"I&#039;ve been taking orthocyclen for about 2-3 years now, and I pretty much gained like 20 pounds. I gained about 10 pounds the first time I took it. And I decided to get off of it for awhile, then I went back on it and gained 10 more pounds. I&#039;ve pretty much been eating the same since even before I got on birth control. I feel like that&#039;s the only problem I have... Gaining weight. I&#039;m currently 150 pounds now. Before I started taking birth control, I would NOT get my period every month, but since I started taking it, I&#039;ve been getting them every month. I&#039;m gonna stop taking these pills because my doctor recommended taking Lutera instead for a female my age (17)."
"I am a 32 year old man, and for more than 17 years I have battled depression.  Had been living with depression so long that I could recognize the beginning symptom and would try to mentally prepare myself for the storm that was sure to follow.  After being hospitalized, I eventually found myself before a Psych. Doctor. I was afraid and kind of ashamed. Depression set in again.  TO MAKE A LONG STORY SHORT:  I have been taking Celexa for 4 days now, and I&#039;m all smiles.  I still experience all my emotions, but life finally feels bearable and not as heavy.  Thank you Celexa!"
"I started to take terbinafine for toenail fungus and finger nail fungus, I had it in both big toe nails and thumb nails around the sides. I had to have a liver function test first to check I was able to take it. 
I took it for about 3-4 months can&#039;t remember exactly now! I have now been finished from the course for 4 months. My thumb nails are nearly grown back clear! And my toe nails are slightly behind but are doing well, there are no signs of the nail fungal still growing, just the nail needs to replace its self clear now. So all in all I have had good results from it, I had no side affects from the tablets, although I was advised not to drink alcohol whilst taking them, which I didn&#039;t. So good results! Don&#039;t be scared to take it!"
"For my bipolar 1 I have been on Invega 156mg since July now it&#039;s November and I have minimal side effect including prolactin high and some tremor once a day... Zero symptoms of mania and psychosis ... No weight gain which is why a its a ten...overall a good med sleep good .... No anxiety"
"I am a 46 yo male.  Memory and tiredness, slight depression.  Diagnosed with low testosterone (222 on a scale of 200-800).  Have used both Testim and Androgel.  Like the way Androgel comes in a pump bottle and is not as sticky as Testim, but my wife and other women have commented that they like the smell of testim.  I now use testim, applying one tube every other day because my wife says I&#039;m more like myself at that dosage.  Had an initial drop of testosterone to 201 when first started treatmant, but testosterone now at 547 at last lab.  I feel much better."
"I got Nexplanon about 6 weeks after I had my son in May 2013 and I&#039;ve had a mostly positive experience with it. For the first couple of months, I had no period. The next few months, a very light period which is great because before getting pregnant, my period was pretty heavy. Then last month my period was about a week long, and VERY heavy. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects at all. No moodiness, a little bit of weight gain but I think that&#039;s because I stopped breastfeeding, no headaches, and no acne. I love not having to worry about birth control. This thing is great."
"Been in Pain Management for 8 years.  Until 2 weeks ago I was taking 120 mg Methadone along with 5 X 30mg Oxycodone a day.  I have Spinal Stenosis, DDD, DJD,, Post Lamenectomy Syndrome, Osteoarthritis in knee, spine and shoulder.  I missed a pill count and was discharged.  2 Weeks later I finally got into another pain management clinic and he puts me on 4 Endocet 10/325 a day. Nothing in comparison to what I was on but it was my first visit..so I wait.  My first day on it and it already makes my stomach upset but it was worth it to get anything."
"My poor son had a case of bronchitis and would cough until he actually threw up.  Off to the Doctor we went and when I saw what the Doctor gave him, I knew he would be better soon.  As I had taken it when I was younger and remembered how well it worked. "
"I was diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis about two years ago.All other medication failed so this was my last chance before an operation.The Humira has so far worked wonders although I have only been on it for about 6 weeks.
The injection was so easy to administer and for me the company delivers the pre loaded pen to my home.
Please don&#039;t be put off by the thought of injectin yougrself it couldn&#039;t be easier."
"lupron is not for everyone! I must admit I was horrified to try it, but it came a point I would rather die so had nothing to lose. In 2011 and 2012 both 9 months each. Then after treatment was birth control ( levora) high dose. Now 2015 just started having severe pain uncontrolled by anything else so started Lipton injection yesterday. This med made me forget I had the disease. I&#039;m not saying there could be long term issues or anything else. But right now in this moment I&#039;m not sick and every time before it was a god send. Hopeful this time will be as smooth as last couple times. Good luck."
"AMAZING.....after 1 week I could sleep, all panic attacks, seating, fear of dying, heart racing stopped. Have never been better."
"I had a sudden outbreak of what the derm called adult acne. It came back after it was almost better two weeks later and I went to the Dr. He prescribed Ziana which I use at night and my face not only got 100% better with 0 blemishes but it has not broken out again since. It does make me wake up Very oily, but once I wash my face and apply makeup I don&#039;t have that issue throughout the day. I didn&#039;t experience any redness or drying. Great product for me!"
"The symptoms were improved, but not to the extent mentioned by other reviewers of this product. The gel was prescribed for use twice a day but at the end of each day had redness, itching, and scaling again."
"First Day - Contrave - I have been on Phen/Fen, Weight watchers 12 times, Jenny Craig, Fitness plans, nutrisystem...I was always fit but never seemed to control my weight after almost 40 years of trying.  I have been hypertensive since my 20&#039;s and on medicates like crestor, singulair, furesomide victoza and advair, all of which prevent weight loss.  Well after day one of Contrave I lost 2.5 lbs, makes me a little nervous, can feel it working but no side effects like vomiting or seizures.  Making sure to eat with the dose and drink lots of water.  I did notice less cravings for alchohol, I always have my after work cocktail, which I did not want.  Concerned about side affects but keeping it up until I experience non-tolerable reaction."
"Used to take the stimulant alertec  for my narcolepsy to help me stay awake but a new doctor took me off it and put me on Seroquel in hopes it would help me sleep better which in turn would help me be more rested during the day it has been a godsend been on it for over a year  I take 50 mg after dinner sleep like a baby  before would wake up and then couldn&#039;t fall back to sleep for a long time now can fall back to sleep after  needing the toilet no problem"
"For the past 4 months I have been suffering from a skin condition on the palms of my hands.  It would start out like blisters, then they would dry up and my hand would crack and bleed.  My hands were so bad that I couldn&#039;t care for my newborn baby.  I had seen a doctor 4 times and he kept putting me on rapid steroid tapers, the condition would clear up but when I was done with the steroids, the condition came back worse.  I had about given up when another doctor took over.  She took pictures of my hands and sent them off to Phoenix.  There they correctly diagnosed the condition and recommended Clobetasol.  Upon using I noticed instant relief.  I am on day 4 and the psoriasis is almost gone.  I highly recommend Clobetasol!"
"I&#039;ve been on Topamax for a month for basilar- type migraines which cause vertigo and headaches. Since being on 50mg of Topamax I&#039;ve had 1 vertigo migraine attack when I had been getting them 5 days a week. This MEDICINE has made a huge difference for me. I also have noticed I have more energy and I&#039;m just happier in general. I&#039;ve lost some weight as well. I&#039;m really happy I&#039;ve found medication that works for me. I had some side effects like feeling out of it and tiredness for the first 2 weeks."
"I stopped copaxone due to bad reactions. I haven&#039;t eat red meat, milk, cheese, yogurt and white bread.  I only drink almond milk and try to eat heathy.  I am also taking vitamin d 5000 mg, cranberry pills 3600 mg, turmeric pills, fish oil, b12. I been heathy even without injections.  Also praying a lot "
"I finally feel like I&#039;m balanced now that I have been taking Paxil. Life before Paxil was not life. I have suffered from anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder since I was 8. I didn&#039;t start Paxil until I was 34 because of a divorce, but it truly has cured me. I no longer feel anxious, depressed, and the racing thoughts have diminished. I feel normal and rational. I do get very sleepy though while on Paxil, and I have found exercise to help combat that side effect. I don&#039;t know how my life would&#039;ve turned out if I had been on this medicine a long time ago. I owe my life to this medicine."
"Autumn depression"
"Had my third shot today; bi-lateral. I have to say I have seen a major improvement in both knees. I would wake up at night and go to turn over, my lower leg would not move and my upper leg (above the knee) would pop and grind on the joint. When this happens now I can feel the upper and lower joints cushioned by the Orthovisc. I felt relief about 3 weeks after the first set of shots. 
I am confident that after the 3rd set of shots I will have the pain relief I am looking for.

I would recommend to anyone give this a try before you have total knee replacement."
"I sweat excessively and I thought drysol was my only option left and when I used it first I didn&#039;t sweat at all but then I had an allergic reaction to it and needed to stop immediately. Now I&#039;m a bag of sweat. Great."
"I&#039;ve been on pain medicines for 10 years now.  The first 8 years on the yellow name brand Percocets 240 10/325, the last 2 yrs on the generic version which is the Endocet E712-10/325.  I also take 60 Oxycontin 40mg a month.  The combination of the 2 has been a dream come true."
"I&#039;m getting 1-3 inch welts at the injection sites that are very itchy and uncomfortable. Dr says men more often have trouble with arms and legs due to more muscle than women. No other side effects."
"Falling asleep can be a bit of a challenge when my back and legs are cramping. Feels like a broom stick is constantly pushing hard on lower left side of back. This pill said take immediately before bed. It takes about 70 minutes for me to shut down after taking it. Other pills give aching shoulder and joints this one does not and no grogginess either. I can sleep through at least 6 hours after use and I appreciate the development of one medicine that works for me as I have tried many and they do not work well or have negative side effects."
"Weight gain, no positive aspects for me."
"I have been taking Bactrim for sinusitis around a week. I have developed painful sores on my tongue that are not visible to the eye. My mouth itches and burns terribly. It worked for my underlining condition but this side effect is unbearable."
"I have been taking ambien CR for about 3 years for insomnia and shift worker sleep disorder. My doctor recommended to try Belsomra 10mg. This medication did not work at all for me. I slept less than 2 hrs after taking it. I did not experience any side effects or feelings of sleepiness. The co-pay for this medication is $45 a month which is ridiculous. I will stick with the ambien for now."
"I started contrave 4 weeks ago and watched my diet and exercise daily. I&#039;ve only lost 3lbs, should I continue or try something else. I don&#039;t know what to do. I should mention I have not had any major side effects."
"I have tried 5 different birth control pills and Kariva has been a lifesaver. I had cysts in my ovary and Kariva shrunk it and now it is gone! I have been on Kariva for 12 months and my skin is porcelain-like, no pimples, lost a few pounds (I&#039;ve been going to the gym, so it might not even be the birth control), and my mood stayed consistent. I&#039;m switching to either the patch or the ring this month though because my sex drive has been awful for the past 4-5 months, and it&#039;s driving me (and my boyfriend) crazy! 
Zero sex drive and dryness are my only complaints."
"My boyfriend has Stage IV Adenocarcinoma mets to lymph nodes and chest bones.  Within 2 months of starting Tarceva (started with 150 mg, reduced to 100 mg) his scans showed 90% improvement!  It is incredible.  The only reason I do not give it a 10 rating is that one of the common side-effects is a very bad rash.  After 3 months, the rash has not subsided.  It looks like a cross between measles, poison ivy and bad acne.  It itches &amp; burns too.  We have tried all kinds of treatments, OTC and prescription, and nothing seems to touch it."
"This medicine is a gift from God.  Not only am I undetectable and T-cells 1000 , but my body fat has dropped 8%, my muscle mass has increased substantially, and I have grown 1 inch. I started at 400 T cells and 100k viral load.  

"
"I am an 18 years old and I have been taking this medication since I was 14. It helps me alot with concentration in fact without it I don&#039;t know how I would have graduated high school. While taking Vvyanse I have experienced all of its side effects which includes low and high blood presure, nervousness, uncontrolable body movemnets, numbness of my left side of the body etc., mostly because some days I would take it and then didn&#039;t take it for like a week so your body would have to get used to it all over again. I just recently had a baby and now am back on it again since I plan on going to College. "
"I currently wear 50mcg/72 h patch.  Have been on this same dose for 1 year.  Prior year began with 100mcg, then 75mcg,  then 50mcg.  Last few months my left knee down to my foot swells ENORMOUSLY.   Went to E.R. couple months back and they weren&#039;t able to give me a definitive answer.   The only relief from this swelling is to take the patch off.  Problem in doing that is my pain comes back with a vengeance!  This patch literally changed my life for the better. Simple tasks use to be impossible.  Now I may have to give it up!  Anyone else with this issue?  Suggestions?"
"I have been using Cymbalta for the last 5 years I started at 30 for a month, then 60 mgr and finally 120mg because I was under treatment for Severe Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder where initially I started with Efexor XR 250mg  very bad medicine for people with high blood pressure (made me sweat like crazy and I have up\down mood issues and increased the feeling of hunger).
Then the doctor put on Paxil.. even worse
During last year I tried to leave Cymbalta for good, but it did not work, I started feeling very anxious, upset, very depressed and electrical shocks feeling in my head   nausea... I went back to my doctor and from 30 mg I went back to 60mg."
"After going on my 4th month of taking Gianvi, I had to stop taking this product completely. While this birth control pills does the job of preventing pregnancy and is very easy to take, it also had significant side effects that way surpassed the pros. I had terrible mood swings, deep depressing feelings over trivial situations, uncontrollable crying and a total loss of sex drive. At first I  thought it was just early menopause  ( at age 40) but after doing some research and experiment , I  realized that it was the bc pills."
"Recently diagnosed with Psoriatic Arthritis. Achy stiff joints in fingers, toes, ankles, knees, and hips. Plaque psoriasis on elbows, knees, behind ears, and above eyes. After several medications, because insurance requires it, my Rhum gave me a couple choices including Otezla. I will do anything to stay away from immune suppressive drugs, I don&#039;t want to trade one problem for another and likely worse. Been using starter packs for a month with good improvement in plaque psoriasis and no noticeable difference in joint pain. Doc says 2-3 months to see full affect. Unfortunately, my insurance slammed the door on me and is refusing to pay for the drug, appeal was denied. They have no problem paying for immune suppressive drugs because they are cheaper."
"I have been using implanon, now nexplanon for 5 years now. (3 years each) this is my second insertion after my first was expired. Since then I haven&#039;t had my period in ages. However, my appetite had taken full control and weight gain came along. Sex drive has slowed down and mood swings here and there. So yeah things u will have to work on. Still..no pregnancy at all and no periods. Its like an extended vacation from mother nature"
"39 year old male. I have had a lot of problems with having bowl movements for the last year. Recently I went for two weeks with no bowl movement at all and the doctor wrote me a script for polyethylene glycol. I have been taking it for almost two weeks and I have no gas or diarrhea. I am now going to the restroom two to three times a day, what a difference this has made. I used to feel sleepy and run down all the time and having no energy. I&#039;m sure that it was all the toxins building up in my system, after a week I am feeling much better and I have a lot more energy and I&#039;m doing more than I have in a long time. I wish my doctor would have told me about this a long time ago. If you have tried everything else don&#039;t give up, give this a try."
"I started suffering from hair loss just recently. My doctor prescribed me this medicine. After 1 month of using it, my hair doesn&#039;t fall any more. Until now I continue using it and there&#039;s no other side effects. This medicine is so amazing!"
"My Dr. prescribed Bontril one week ago and have lost 5 pounds. The only side effect was insomnia for 2 days. I usually walk 15-20 mins and when I eat I get full really fast, this is what I needed."
"I&#039;ve suffered with depression, anxiety and panic along with various health problems. I have tried just about most medicines that claim to help with these problems. Nothing, until I tried Klonopin and it just changed so much about me. Although I will say in the beginning I felt very cheery and super friendly. Though that particular feeling has decreased it still controls my anxiety. And no side effects, only thing is that it doesn&#039;t help with sleep so I take a Seroquel instead at night.It also helps keep me calm when worrying over my bad health conditions. Found deep belly breathing can help while in the midst of a panic. I plan on staying on it. Take care."
"I was a smoker for 17 years... I quit when I was pregnant with my two children, however I couldn&#039;t quit entirely.  I started Chantix when I knew it was time. I used it the first week as directed, and as the second week came and went, I realized I was forgetting to take the medication. I was also not smoking. So, I only used the medicine for two weeks. Last month was my 5 year anniversary of non-smoking. I love it!"
"Didn&#039;t help at all, it did give me terrible heart burn though."
"My brother told me about how it helped him and it sounded just the ticket. Been on it for about 6 months and I no longer get furious in a nano second. Much better for me and the kids"
"I have juvenile myoclonic epilepsy. I was taking lamotrigine for 4 years and it wasn&#039;t having much of an effect. I asked if there was anything else, I was given Keppra. I felt an almost instant change. I had no more funny feelings in my head, no twitching in the mornings. I felt much safer and that lead to me being much happier. I can stay out later. I&#039;ve had no seizures since taking this and. I recommend it."
"I found out I had an under active thyroid about 2 years ago and as a college student I found it so hard to focus in class. My doctor placed me on Synthroid and I took it for about 6 months. I had severe headaches, depression, weight gain with no weight loss in sight, and feeling tired and horrible. I went to my obgyn for a yearly check up and he checked my thyroid and now I&#039;m taking Armour. I love this medicine. All the headaches, loss of focus, and the weight gained again is gone! I take it the same time everyday and this pill works for me!"
"Been on Clonaz for 4 years, on and off. I take 2 mgs as needed. I&#039;ve had panic/anxiety attacks since I was a child. It wasn&#039;t until I got older that I realized what they were. I worry all the time. I can&#039;t fly with out this drug. When my anxiety prevents me from sleeping and I have racing thoughts and weird feelings of dread, I take it. 1 or 2 times a week. It&#039;s a miracle drug. My anxiety goes from 10/10, the worst I can imagine anyone experiencing anxiety, complete freakout panic with no way out, too bliss, where everything feels peaceful and nothing worries me and life is great. Miracle drug. Although, its extremely scary when I feel I need to take it, and I have to pace around and keep calm until it kicks in 45 minutes later."
"I&#039;ve been on 1mg of Xanax-1 tablet 4 times a day along with 20mg of Prozac. I have severe panic disorder. I&#039;ve been on this dose for many years and have not experienced any &quot;tolerance&quot; issues. Xanax get&#039;s a bad rap because many people abuse it or go above the Dr&#039;s prescribed dose. See your Dr. if this isn&#039;t working for you. Don&#039;t take more than what you&#039;re prescribed. Everybody breaks down medications differently."
"I went on topiramate January 2012 for migraines with positive results. By the end of  2012 I had lost 85lbs, and 7 dress sizes. I had started out at 235lbs and ended up at 150lbs. My dose started out 25mg twice a day, then went up to 50 mg twice a day in two weeks, then was increased to 100mg, twice a day in 3months. At the end of my treatment, my dose was 300mg daily.  I had also lost the ability to form sentences, because I couldn&#039;t find words, and was constantly in a fog. That is not good if you&#039;re a nurse. Also my short term memory was non existent, also not good for an acute care medical nurse. By the time the side effects became so debilitating, I had to take a short leave of absence to sort out my situation because it affected my job performance. In the end, the medication was discontinued by my doctor and I gained 23lbs of the weight back. I&#039;m not upset because now I have my short term memory back, plus I&#039;ve returned to work and I&#039;m migraine free.  I&#039;m still better off because I&#039;m still thinner than before I started with topiramate."
"I had my IUD inserted on Jan 21. Almost a month later, I started to bleed as if it were my period. It was very heavy. My periods normally last 5 days and taper off almost completely by day 7. Since February 15, I have been bleeding heavily. Soaking through tampons and pantiliners with no end in sight. It&#039;s now March 3 and I&#039;m not sure how much longer I should let this go on before I see my doctor. They told me to expect bleeding but I&#039;m afraid this isn&#039;t exactly what they meant."
"I took only a small amount, like 1/4 of a pill and within 15 minutes I was asleep. I did this for 3 nights, well this morning I woke up feeling fine. After a while I felt dizzy and was dizzy all day, felt horrible, chest was tight and I have asthma. So if you have asthma be careful, also gave me anxiety. My husband takes this and he does fine. "
"I&#039;m 30 years old and have been smoking for about 14 years now. Two years in a row, I&#039;ve had bronchitis or some kind of respiratory infection. I smoked Newports about a pack a day. It&#039;s my 2nd week on Chantix, and already I can feel less and less cravings. Usually I wake up and go right for a cigarette, and today I woke up and it took about 3 hours for me to realize I haven&#039;t smoked and just did it out of habit. When I&#039;m working my 12 hours at the hospital, I can now go my full 12 without craving. That was never possible before! I&#039;m only giving it an 8 because I hear for some people, side effects kick in bad around 3-4 weeks. I&#039;ve been nauseas once but other than that, nothing. I really hope this is it for me! So far I&#039;m feeling hopeful!!"
"Pristiq has helped me more than any other antidepressant I&#039;ve taken in the past. I have experienced no such side effects with Pristiq.  50 ml of Pristiq wasn&#039;t helping much, but my dosage was increased to 100 ml and I&#039;m feeling much, much better."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months and I really like it. The first month I had some breakthrough bleeding but that has gone away. Now I have no periods at all, which I don&#039;t mind. No weight gain or bloating. I have had some acne, but it is minimal. It is worth the $45/month I am paying."
"I first started taking Concerta about 2 years ago. I&#039;m almost 13. It works okay but I have been losing my appetite far too much. I&#039;m already really underweight and this drug makes it worse. I&#039;ve also run into sleep paralysis once or twice."
"originally on seroxat (paxil) for 17 years. felt so good on 20mg that after having my child I thought I would come off it as thinking of having second baby. I was put on prozac to help with withdrawal.  after 4 months on prozac I was an absolute mess so Dr put me on effexor. I&#039;ve been on this now for 6 months. I cry literally every day. it has created obsessional and horrible thoughts, I am constantly tired.  I have anxiety and panic. I feel it has actually created new symptoms that I never had. I do not like this drug and am coming off it as soon as I get an appointment with the psychiatrist"
"Got a big rash on my abdomen, that got increasingly painful and itchy. An allergic reaction to the medication (I wasn&#039;t taking anything else at the time)

This was a shame! Because the medication  had a substantial effect on my social anxiety. The first few days I felt like I was on an emotional rollercoaster, but then I started to really enjoy social interaction, I could understand why people talked to other people for fun!
Only ended up taking it for a little over a week, but wanted to share my experience incase anyone else is experiencing a rash."
"If you have an opiate addiction, this medicine is the way to go! I tried rehabs, meetings, everything! Suboxone is the only thing that kept me clean. It takes away the desire to use, which is a miracle. I have no regrets by choosing the Suboxone program. It saved my life."
"I have used Estrace samples for 6 months or so..... I ran out and went to buy another tube... 375.00!! And my insurance didn&#039;t cover any of it. (Costco was 325.00) I called my doctor and they gave me a coupon, but my insurance didn&#039;t work with it. So over priced... and my insurance just went up a 100 dollars a month... I just can&#039;t buy a medicine that is so over priced. I thought it would be 50 dollars or so...  there must be something else we can use? Also, the information I read said: estrogens may increase the chances of getting cancer of the uterus. Why would we want to take this? I&#039;ve got to do more homework and find something better!!"
"I actually had zero problems with this medication. It made me sleepy but I did take it at night (when my headache first occurred). I also take a low dosage of Zoloft. Not sure if that helped curve side effects as the doctor did tell me it could cause SHORT TERM (1 hour)  heart attack symptoms/bubble in throat. I had hot flashes but I already have them so I can&#039;t say sumatriptan was to blame. My insurance paid for 9 tablets a month, I get 50mg oral."
"I started Mononessa to help control my period. It has been working great, and recommend this for a first time birth control user. It&#039;s very cheap and is super efficient."
"Almost instant relief of joint pain and inflammation on first injection, no reaction to needle. Great help from Cimzia Support. Still taking methotrexate weekly
injection twice a month, still have inflammation."
"I have been smoking for 15 years, and over the past 5 years, have smoked 30 cigarettes a day. I am on my 3rd day of Champix, and am around 20 cigarettes a day now. I have a strong addictive personality, but want to quit. I have side effects of bad dreams, waking up in sweat, Moody behavior, and  confusion. Minus the side effects, this has the best success rate for myself personally than any other quit smoking aid, I&#039;ve tried and I&#039;ve tried almost all. I was told to keep smoking on Champix up to 30 days. I figure if I can reduce as much as possible up to that point, I can be successful to quit."
"I was on Junel Fe for 2 years and only just switched to Lutera last week because I felt like my boobs were shrinking on Junel Fe (I&#039;m going back on Junel Fe tomorrow!). Since then, I have felt like absolute CRAP! I used to be anorexic and now that I&#039;m so bloated I feel like never eating again! I work out every day and my abs were so defined until I took my first pill. I do not recommend this birth control because it makes you blow up like a whale! If you don&#039;t mind that then there&#039;s nothing wrong with taking Lutera."
"The very first time I&#039;ve seen this product, I was at my aunt&#039;s house who had passed away, but Anyhoo, I read what it&#039;s used for, didn&#039;t think much of it at first, left it alone, knowing that I do get easily nauseated due to stressful situations. And also too from eating something that my stomach doesn&#039;t agree with as well!! So when I did became nauseous during the funeral, I was looking for quick relief, so I remembered the emetrol she had in her medicine cabinet, I went to get it, plus it was brand new, so I took some, and I tell you it helped me so much.  This was back in August 2000! So from then on I buy this product just to gave it on those &quot;Just In Case&quot; Situations!!!! Everyone Should Have This Product!"
"I&#039;ve had bv off and on for almost 2 years now. I would use cleocin gel when it would come back but I think my body just got immune to it so about two weeks ago I tried metro gel. It went away but did give me a yeast infection. I used monistat one day and boom the bv came back. So I&#039;m trying the metro gel again but just for a longer period of time in hopes it does the job this time. Doesn&#039;t give me any side effects which is something I stressed before taking it."
"I&#039;ve tried several different sleep medications for insomnia and while attempting to get used to the CPAP machine for sleep apnea. Ambien CR works great, I can get a full nights sleep, however go to bed within 1 hour of taking the medication or you will feel a bit drugged. I don&#039;t recommend taking every night, it is addictive (try not to take more than 3 nights in a row). It is more difficult to wean off from than regular Ambien. Overall, if needed this is a good medication if taken responsibly."
"Best drug ever. Trust me, I&#039;m a doctor"
"I&#039;ve had my Nexplanon for about 3 weeks no side effects by far, I&#039;m waiting for my period to start to see how long it&#039;ll last. Other then that so far I love it. Only thing is the bruising is still here, but going away little by little."
"Fastin is an excellent dietary supplement for me. In the morning, right as I wake up, I take the little guy. The pill tastes like what I would imagine what baking soda would, but oh well, I am not sucking on it. It takes about 20-30 to give the first kick. That kick is the rush that says &quot;I need to get moving or I need to get to the gym.&quot; The first time I took the pill I did get a little jittery and nauseous but once I started working out and drank water I started to feel fine. About an hour in I hit phase 2. Phase 2 is the spunk and mood booster. I feel awesome and amazing like I know what I am working for. Again, first day I felt a little dizzy and euphoric. Then there is phase 3 the come down. Drink water and eat a solid. I lost 100lbs."
"I took the 150mg and within 24 hrs I felt way better . Didn&#039;t have to use the creams or anything."
"I have been on fluoxetine 20mg for six months.  It took about 8 weeks to notice any positive mood changes.  After a few weeks of starting it I began to feel like I was living in a fog and had a difficult time concentrating but that eventually went away and turned into optimism and feeling great.   Please give it a couple of months to work.  It takes time to kick in.  After 8 weeks I felt good and happy for a while but recently have relapsed into anxiety and depression again.  My MD has now upped my dosage to 40mg.  I am hopeful I will get the happiness and optimism back again soon from the higher dose."
"Reduces sciatic pain down my legs very well. Also loosens up some of the stiffness. Not very effective for the pain in my lower back at the curve of the spine. Easy to use with no side effects for me except sometimes drowsiness."
"I&#039;ve been taking Trinessa Low for over a year now. I&#039;m 19 started at 18. It is terrible for about the first 2 months. Bloating, nauseous, breast growth, drained sex drive from  8/10 to a 1/10. However, it is very effective and forgiving. The symptoms don&#039;t go away fully but do mild down after the two months. Still have about no sex drive."
"I&#039;ve been taking mirtazpine for about 4 years now for depression and insomnia, hearing voices. I take 1 x 45mg tablet in the morring and 3 at night. Awesome medication."
"Diagnosed with stage 4 metastatic prostate cancer involving bones. PSA was 130. Gleason score is a pair of bad 7s (4 3) and a pair of 8s. Also undergoing chemo with docetaxel. I&#039;ve had 4 of 6 scheduled treatments. I also have xgeva injection monthly and lupron quarterly. I&#039;ve had one lupron injection  and 3 xgeva injections. After 42 days PSA dropped to 2.9. Three weeks later it was .7. That&#039;s a 98% drop each time. Was urinating 12 times a day about 4 to 6 ounces at a time and storing 9 ounces all the time. First treatment was docetaxel, xgeva and lupron on same visit. Relief was almost immediate. Eliminating 12 to 14 ounces now 4 to 5 times a day. Also take prednisone twice a day until chemo is done. Side effects have been fairly nominal."
"I started taking the pill right after Thanksgiving 08. I started at 215lbs now I&#039;m 185lbs. It has worked really well for me."
"After having chronic constipation for several years and having nothing but laxative, I was prescribed Amitiza. I have been on it for 3 weeks and can&#039;t take it. I have bloating so bad and am backed up that I must return to my laxatives. Back to the doctors for a specialist referral. Good luck to all others though."
"My doctor prescribed me Loestrin 24 Fe due to long periods and painful periods each month, it worked well with my period. Lasts 4 or 5 days it is really light but it gave me a bacterial infection, close to yeast infection and bad acne and even though I took the pills correctly I bleed on them all the time. So my doctor gave Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. I took my first pill today so hopefully it works way better than Loestrin."
"I have TMJ and it was causing severe headaches. I was given Naprelan to  take down the inflammation in my jaw. Within two days I was feeling much better and could even open my mouth wider."
"This stuff smells disgusting.  I gave up after two days.  What kind of idiots would want their product to smell like this ??? 
If you&#039;ve got stock in this company sell it quickly."
"Got it in 4/11/14. 1st 2 wks couldn&#039;t keep anything down. Dr tested and gave anti-nausea pills which worked. Period started 3rd week and seemed normal. Everytime boyfriend and I get intimate I start bleeding again. I have gained 35 lbs the last 3 months and have not changed my eating habits or lifestyle. I am nauseated ALL the time and sick ALL the time. Find myself running to bathroom few nights a week. Feel pregnant. More irritable. Boyfriend and I have discussed things and we both are not happy with the way it&#039;s making me feel sick all the time. Getting this thing removed next Tuesday morning!"
"This didn&#039;t help my insomnia at all. If anything, it makes my mind think even more. I have even more trouble sleeping than when I was on Elavil 25mg or Zopiclone 7.5mg. It&#039;s frustrating since I&#039;m only 20 years old and I&#039;ve been suffering from insomnia for 2 and a half years now."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon for 14 months with no period at all since I had my son. Then all of a sudden two weeks ago I started spotting. Never really got heavy enough for a pad so I used panty liners. It lasted 10 days. Stopped last Saturday September 5th. Then yesterday I&#039;m it starts again but this time it&#039;s heavier, I have no choice but to wear a pad. I went to the ER this morning because I thought something was wrong, they said everything is normal and that it is probably breakthrough bleeding. I&#039;m pissed because I went over a year without any periods and my gyno told me that most likely I wouldn&#039;t get one at all and now this. I loved it until now. I&#039;m trying to stick it out for a month or so to see if it regulates. If not I&#039;m having it removed"
"Gets rid of it quickly, but it can cause stomach cramps."
"I have my Implanon since January 2013. I&#039;m happy with that so much. My period is every two months. Only one side effect is my breast pains two weeks before period."
"I am taking Gabapentin for nerve pain from an accident many years ago. I had been suffering with it for a long time. This drug has decreased the pain 10 fold and has given me back part of myself."
"Make the itching stop. I took this for Hayfever and it worked. BUT, it then caused me to have head to toe bumps and itchiness even after stopping taking it. The itching is keeping me up at night. I am hoping to wait it out and never take it again. Also while I was taking it my eyes and face got really, really swollen. I am still not sure if this was from an unusually bad allergy season or the Zyrtec, but I am going to guess it is the Zyrtec because my allergies have never caused this before (usually I just have sinus and itchy eyes).  "
"When my dosage was increased from 100 mg to 200 mg what a remarkable change. I felt relaxed, less anxiety, with the combination of Seroquel, Cymbalta it was a lot easier dealing with the minor things in life."
"Simply my miracle medicine. I actually became &quot;myself&quot; again. After 15 years of trying EVERY antidepressant available (I&#039;ve become an expert on antidepressants). Lamictal was my doctor&#039;s last resort. After about 2 weeks, a woke up on morning, turned to my husband and said &quot;I&#039;m back&quot;. Have been on it about 8 years now and I&#039;m truly &quot;me&quot; not bipolar or depressed. I take it in combination with Wellbutrin...perfect combination for me."
"I was getting extremely painful monthly UTIs before starting Nitrofurantoin. I tried everything - peeing after sex, cranberry juice, you name it, but nothing worked. I haven&#039;t had a UTI in over two years now since I started taking the drug. Truly a life saver."
"I have been on Prozac since 1991. It has helped me in more ways than one. I really don&#039;t think I would be here today. I think I would have been a miserable soul without them."
"I have been on Sprintec for a month and a half so far.  Let me say that I have tried over 15 kinds of birth control in the last 10 years and usually have horrible side effects.  So far, I have had none from Sprintec.  In fact, even though I have severe endometriosis, I was put on Sprintec due to untreatable acne and oily skin which had developed only in the last year.  After being on Sprintec for 2 weeks only, my skin had cleared up.  I had been seeing 2 dermatologists for the last year who tried many different medications and nothing worked to clear up the acne!  Also, I had been a little depressed (also due to some hormone sensitivity) for the last couple of months and that has cleared up very quickly as well.  So far, so good!"
"This medication made me feel like I wasn&#039;t real and I lost 6 weeks of my life while on it, hoping it would work. It did help with anxiety because I felt nothing and had no energy. Would not recommend at all if you need energy. Did not make me physically sick like Zoloft though, which had similar effects."
"Treatment resistant depression. This medicine was the best I&#039;ve tried yet. A little restless at first, but that turned into feeling somewhat exhilarated, having a stimulant effect. I dressed up every day, was social, glad to wake up. Psych nurse said I was so bright she&#039;d need to wear shades. Alas it wore off, but everything does. No side effects, no withdrawal. A great medicine."
"I did not voluntarily take this my mother made me because i lost my v card at 17 but i was fine on it for the first 4-5 months but i always had pain in my ovary areas but it was fine. I actually liked it because i didnt have to worry about pregnancy. Now after 5 months i began losing my sex drive i couldnt get wet at all even if i was wanting sex. I began having severe mood swings and was so depressed i didnt want to be alive,and i got the ovary pains so bad i went to the emergency room and they just said it was nothing.The day i turned 18 is the day i got off.I immediately felt better and i even had a little sex drive.4 months off doing FAM birthcontrol still going strong. But this depends on you i liked it at first but not in the long run"
"I got my IUD put in 2 days ago. It hurt more than I thought it would, like being stabbed twice with the measuring and insertion but was over before I knew it. I wasn&#039;t told to take any painkillers beforehand but wish I had.  I couldn&#039;t help but cry as I felt cramping and felt the T seem to open up inside my uterus. An abortion hurt less than this. I haven&#039;t been able to do all that much in 2 days. I can feel it in there &amp; it doesn&#039;t feel right, inflaming the uterus so nothing attaches.
Woke up today with my belly swollen, 1.5 in. bigger than before &amp; had diarrhea for 2 days. Got online &amp; read about more side effects. Fianc&eacute; felt bad for me and we are discussing him getting a vasectomy now since this doesn&#039;t feel right. Removing it asap."
"I&#039;ve been having mixed tension migraines almost daily since a head injury over a year ago. When I started taking amitriptyline I took 12.5 mg every night for a week and increased every week. Now I&#039;m taking 50 mg. In the beginning, I was very groggy every morning, but now it&#039;s only an issue if I take it too late or get little sleep. It has also caused vertigo from time to time; it feels like my bedroom is spinning when I&#039;m lying down, but it only happens once in a while. The real problem is that it does prevent my migraines. Though I&#039;ve been taking it for about six weeks, I frequently wake up with migraines and almost always have one by day&#039;s end. I&#039;m hoping to switch to something else at my next neuro appointment."
"I&#039;ve had social anxiety since high school and was put on Zoloft, which never worked.  I eventually developed panic attacks when I was 26.  I&#039;ve tried Xanax for a few days after I was diagnosed and hated it.  Was put on Celexa 20mg and did not see any improvement after a year. I learned to self manage and handle my anxiety attacks and knew that I wasn&#039;t going to die.  I went for a few years like this until I got medical insurance.  I went to the Dr. After reading reviews on Buspirone and asked if she thought it&#039;d help with my anxiety. I took 7.5 twice a day for the first 2 weeks and noticed almost immediate (about 30 mins) relief.  Yes it does make you dizzy for a few weeks but nothing you can&#039;t handle.  Give it 6 wks and you&#039;ll love it!"
"I have had this for 4 weeks now and think all girls should get it. I always had a regular cycle and a period every 4 weeks but now haven&#039;t had one since before I got it. I haven&#039;t gained any weight (yet) amd haven&#039;t had an increased appetite. The only slight downfall is I get a little bit of pain in my arm sometimes but nothing unbearable. Would highly recommend!"
"I tried this one night, and it didn&#039;t do much.  I have struggled with insomnia off and on for 30 years.  I then took a 20 mg. dose, and it really helped.  I woke up refreshed. If it continues to work like this, I will be very satisfied."
"I heard from a bunch of mom friends IUDs were the way to go and really not very painful at all especially after you&#039;ve had kids. Well after a stupid amount of research I had it inserted February 24th 2017. Its March 7th 2017 and I have not stopped bleeding. The procedure was very painful for me but it was quick. My husband came with too. I don&#039;t think I could have driven myself after.  I did take ibuprofen like suggested an hour before and I have had two normal vaginal births of 8 pound boys. Also I have a bunch of piercings, tattoos, and broken bones. Thought I had a high pain tolerance. I&#039;ve been having mood swings and hot/cold sweats. Irritable/crying/sad mainly. I&#039;m thinking about removing it at the 4 week check up. No sexy time yet :("
"I had my arm implant on May 07 20015 a month after given birth.The first year in a half it was all good no bleeding or spotting no periods ,but then in Nov of 2016 I started spotting  and it was on and off for weeks. Then on Jan 2017 I was bleeding like the whole month then one week it stops and when I would start having sex it started again the bleeding and its has been like this ever since and now I have cramps almost everyday .My mood swings are so bad I can be happy and then angry for no reason.I have been to my obgyn she put on some pills estradol I believe it&#039;s called ,but did not help with the bleeding I&#039;m going to have it removed I just have to make my appt. Oh and did I mention that my sex life sucks I never want to have sex ."
"Week one on the starter pack.  Was still smoking, no urge to quit, no side effects.  Start week 2 (2 mg a day).  I go to bed at 11-12 every night.  Started waking up at 3 am on the dot every morning.  Extremely vicious nightmares.  I am all for vivid dreams but I have never in my life experienced anything like these.  I love my wife deeply and in one dream she cheated on me, I woke up and found myself actually angry at her like it really happened...these are nightmares that haunt you the next day.  By day 12, I started hallucinating, seeing patterns on the wall, in text, etc. It DOES eliminate the pleasure of smoking..thus the ease of quitting, and depression set in. Use with caution."
"I am on 150 mg of liquid methadone daily. And it has saved my life. Many say it&#039;s trading one drug for another but that&#039;s BS. If your an addict and are seeking MAT help. Methadone works!!!!"
"I have been on pain medicines since 1987 and an injury. I went through it all the way up to Lorcet. Then when they found out I had a liver condition, they switched  me over to Butrans. About 30 minutes after taking it, I was out of pain, but I was also in a newer state of mind. On my previous pain killers, I assumed they were working. But with Butrans, once it hit me, I was VERY aware of being on a narcotic. NO pain and a nice buzz on the side.

Thank You to Butrans."
"My husband began taking this about 20 years ago after being on Dilantin for 6 years, when he was on Dilantin, he had horrible side effects and still had seizures...To us this is a miracle drug...not a seizure since beginning it!"
"On second round got pregnant and is now 11 weeks and 3 days."
"After years of taking the pill and going through rigorous mood swings and having to remember to take the pill, I wanted a better option. I did not want to take the shot every few months or have in implant in my uterus, I read for awhile on the nexplanon implant and the reviews were a bit here and there. After speaking with my obgyn about it, I made the decision to use this method. The implant appointment was painless and my doctor has never had an issue with the insertion moving from the location. My moods are much better, I do not have to take a pill or even set a reminder anymore. I have had it a few weeks and my period has gone away completely. This so far has been one of the best decisions I am happy to have made."
"I was switched from Loestrin 21 to Apri a few months back because my periods were irregular and my doc thought Apri would be better for me. I like that there&#039;s placebo pills in Apri cause I was awful at taking 21 day packs. The first couple months were a little tough adjusting to the higher dose of hormones. I was super emotional! But that&#039;s normal. I&#039;m on month 5 now and things are fine. I&#039;m still a little emotional, but only &quot;cry at something dumb&quot; emotional. Nothing I can&#039;t handle. My periods are light and I barely have any pain. Close to no acne. My boobs seemed to have grown a bit, so that&#039;s cool. My sex drive seems to be a tiny bit lower, but I never had a crazy high sex drive in the first place. My husband and I still have a healthy sex life. I might have gained like 5 pounds or less but that might be because of my lazy ass and not the birth control :) best of all, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant! I recommend Apri. Give it a chance and let yourself adjust to the hormones."
"Diagnosed with chlamydia again after retesting. Had no symptoms, but I didn&#039;t the first time as well. Slight nausea, cramps and pooping about 20 mins after. Nausea and cramps go away but poop last a day or so. I hope this works, as I&#039;m not sure if it did the first time."
"When I told my doctor about how previous birth controls had made me break out, she prescribed this medicine.  &quot;It&#039;ll clear your face up&quot;, she said. Nope. Nah ah. I have taken this medication for over 2 months and it has made my acne WORSE.  WAY worse. Painful cystic acne worse. All over.  I haven&#039;t had acne this bad since high school. It has also made my period very heavy and blood clot-filled, which last for 7 days.  Also MOODSWINGS. Horrible mood swings. The only positive is that I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. But is it worth it when you&#039;re left feeling horribly self-conscious and depressed???"
"I was prescibed Xanax and it works well for things like panic attacks. I do not like that it makes me loopy by taking my prescibed mg, and if I cut it in half I feel that it doesn&#039;t work at all. Xanax works very well for short term anxiety and if highly addictive so it is best to take it when you absolutely NEED it. A Prn that is supposed to work like Xanax but isn&#039;t addictive starts with a V so ask your doctor about that. :)"
"I&#039;ve used Ambien for almost two years for my insomnia. It works very effectively."
"Rexulti has been my worst nightmare. I&#039;m 48. Crying everyday, inability to carry out everyday responsibilities and far worse super depressed. I&#039;ve never been like this before . I just felt so much emotional pain. My husband called my doctor, and we suspect Rexulti. I&#039;m off one day and the super lows have diminished. Four more days and it should be completely out of my system. Going back to Abilify. It&#039;s not perfect, but it doesn&#039;t take me to those super lows ."
"This does seem to take the edge off but it has been making me feel mega spaced out and lethargic. Almost like smoking pot. At least I&#039;m too spacey too be cranky!"
"On day 3 of 7 being treated for Pneumonia, Sinusitis and Ear Infection. 

PROS: I can breathe again. I feel like the pressure in my chest is lifting. My ear pain is almost completely gone. 

CONS: Extreme fatigue, Severe body pain (hands, wrists, ankles and knees), Insomnia"
"I was told it was safe by my OBGYN even though I was only 7 wks pregnant. Went against my gut instinct, trusted them resulting in my miscarriage during the 3 day treatment. First treatment I administered was right before bed, and I started mild bleeding by the next morning (mind you I had no bleeding or complications before this). Didn&#039;t even have symptoms of a yeast infection so it was mild at best. Wish I never used it."
"This drug near killed me .. Why ? couldn&#039;t  sleep even an hour, had panic attack ..  Paroxetine it&#039;s worst nightmare ,.,.  Dire Side effects"
"I feel the need to write this review as I read so many negative reviews online of Cymbalta before I started taking it, and they really freaked me out. However, while I cannot negate what others have said as I know this type of medication varies for almost everyone, Cymbalta has been really great for me! I have mysterious chronic pain for over two years now, and after trying so many different things to lessen it (other medications, chiropractic, PT, supplements, acupuncture, stretching, icing....the list goes on), this has been the only thing that has really helped me. My pain hasn&#039;t gone away fully, but Cymbalta has made my life a lot easier. I have experienced no side effects so far."
"Dilauded is the only pain medication that offers me any type of relief.  I herniated 3 discs in my lower back and I was on an IV of 2mg every 4 hours.  Only con was it made my face very itchy.  The second time I had an IV of Dilaudid was post spinal tap.  I was given 1mg injection every 2 hours (lower dosage, more frequently made pain more manageable).  I now have a prescription for 4mg every 3-4 hours for chronic back pain.  I believe it has dramatically improved my quality of life."
"So I got the implant about 3 months ago and got it taken out yesterday and I will tell you why. Within 3 months my anxiety increased about 50 fold, I gained 11 pounds while eating healthy and organic food. My abdominal has been bloated like 5 pounds the whole time. Very uncomfortable and kinda painful to press on it. I got 2 UTI&#039;s back to back (which never happens). Had a short temper, overly emotional and angry a lot for no reason. My fianc&eacute; told me my whole personality changed and that I was going from being sweet and kind to a mean and hateful person. Not to mention I would freak out over the littlest things! I already feel less crazy with that thing out of me. I just hope my bloating and pain will go away soon...."
"This medicine is amazing. I was on 20 mg and now I&#039;m on 10.
My symptoms were tremendous that you can&#039;t imagine.
When I started taking this medicine  I had a racing heart but the doctor tells me that is a sign that the medicine is working. The side effects went away in the first month and I got better with some aerobic exercices..5-10 mins a day.
Its been 2 years on this medicine.
This work fine. Don&#039;t be scared just patient and if you have panic attack , try to distract your self..
Good luck to all , and never give up guys !"
"The first week it wasn&#039;t too good but after it was in my system..BRILLIANT! I am happy, in control of my emotions and back studying and being the best mum I can be ...wonderful."
"Have had major depressive disorder with borderline bipolar since I was 9. These last several years started to develop anxiety. Haven&#039;t been able to find medications to help with my depression, so the anxiety really just pulled everything farther down for me. Thankfully though have a wonderful doctor now, an whereas still having trouble finding anything to help with my depression, have started hydroxyzine for my anxiety. I am sensitive to medication, an first tried half a 25mg pill, which knocked me on my behind! But during the day I take roughly 6-7mg when needed, an it calms me enough to be able to go outside and to the store. I also have insomnia, so taking a half pill at bedtime on bad nights usually helps me sleep ok. Fully recommend!"
"After day 3,  had difficulty swallowing and terrible anxiety badly enough that I couldn&#039;t swallow pills or food without regurgitation. I started taking Prilosec thinking acid reflux. Even an Advil pill creeped up my esophagus and lodged into my throat. It went from bad to worse.  Was living on a liquid diet. Had to see a Gastro doc and Ear Nose and Throat doc. My throat was scoped, found nothing. 3 days after getting off both Macrobid and Prilosec my symptoms went away. Fourth day off was given a swallow test which I passed. I am now able to eat solid foods without feeling as if I am going to choke to death."
"Works amazing! A life saver!!"
"I&#039;m a 19 year old female in college. I started taking Buproprion SR. This really helped me with feeling happier. I&#039;m okay with being alone now, I&#039;m not as sad as I used to be. I&#039;m more optimistic and motivated, unlike I was when I took Cymbalta and Lexapro. It doesn&#039;t cause weight gain like everyone says you do on antidepressants. The orgasms are extremely intense. The only issue with me was 300mg a day gave me excruciating migraines. Now I take 150mg a day and feel fine. "
"Its doesn&#039;t work for me at all! no symptoms which was good but took two rounds of this antibiotic and still had uti"
"I am going to turn 70 yrs old in March , I have had HSV for 42 yrs. I take the 500mg dose as soon as I know its going to start up and if I neglect taking it for whatever reason it flares up , one of the things that I noticed that is sure to get it going is Sun bathing . I have become a vegan and live a very healthy life style which really helps the immune system."
"I took this medication to get some relief from severe allergies.  It helped with the allergies but I ended up in the ER with chest tightness and some tingling sensations in my chest.  I had a battery of tests on my heart, all was fine.  This medication made me feel bad on one day, worse on the second day with the chest discomfort.
"
"This medication quickly worsened the itching and burning and made me very sick. Nausea and vomiting with headaches began only and hour after insertion"
"Tried this med after failure with a few other drugs (paxil, lexapro, remeron, prozac, buspar).  Figured since I really wasn&#039;t tolerating the SSRIs that maybe I had a dopamine or norepinephrine problem.  I have anxious depression.  Could only tolerate this medication for about a week and a half and I consider myself pretty strong and able to suck it up since these meds take time to work.  My sleep became terrible (nightmares, even if I did sleep) and I was super anxious, dizzy, and shaky all day.  Week and a half and I had to call it quits.  Would not recommend this if you have anxiety but then again, some people get anxiety relief from similar norepinephrine drugs  (Wellbutrin or Pristiq).  Not for me.  Oh, and the cost was insane.  $300/mo"
"I am thirty years old and have had hep c for about eight years. I was a very heavy IV drug user. After several years of abuse  and horrible situations, I decided to get clean. I started epclusa in February. Genotype 3a the more aggressive one, and I did blood work after three weeks, and there is no indication of any hepatitis left. In either test. I will continue to take the medicine for the rest of the twelve weeks. And I had some side effects, in the first three weeks it was worse, headaches, body aches, nausea, and fatigue. But now its a lot better. Still some side effects, but there not as prevalent. Definitely worth it in the whole scheme of things. Excited for a new chance in life #!!#."
"My husband finds great relief with this for his breakthrough pain. Very fast acting but relief only lasts about an hour. He needs more than one of these for use a day but since the DEA have declared war on pain management doctors he is only given one dose per day. His quality of life would greatly improve if he was allowed to have more for his breakthrough pain. "
"I took phentermine in 2002 on and off and lost a lot of weight. I started again on Tuesday 24 June. I currently weigh 195lbs and am 5ft 7. I wanted to ask people this forum who have had a good weightloss if they took the tablet or capsule and also if they have changed their eating habits and if they count calories? When I took it years ago I don&#039;t recall eating a lot, but now I was told I need to eat 1200 calories in order for it to work successfully. Is this correct? Thanks in advance for reading and responding."
"At my request following online research I asked my GP to change me from Losartan to Candesartan as I was not getting satisfactory BP control. In less than a week my BP has gone from 160/89 down to 135/80 on 12mgs. I feel fantastic and have no obvious side effects.  I wish I&#039;d made the change sooner."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for 3 weeks. First week I was on 30 mg, I felt almost immediate relief from my anxiety/depression. The first six days I experienced fatigue and slept 12  hours a day. By 7th day I was sleeping less and feeling more emotionally balanced. Second week, my dosage was increased to 60 mg and the same thing happened. I slept 12  for about 6 days and by the 7th day I felt good and was sleeping normally. I do have some clenching of my jaw and dry mouth, but a glass of water seems to help. I take my medication at the same time every morning after eating and drink lots of water throughout the day. I&#039;m not taking any other drugs.  I&#039;ve found great relief with Cymbalta. My husband is thrilled with the calmer, happier me. Me too!"
"This med causes me severe headaches and helps with anxiety some but the pain in my head only grows worse each day along with blurred vision and highly increased appetite and dry mouth. Not worth the daily headaches. Using an antihistamine for anxiety and blood pressure meds like clonidine, said to help with my adhd that does nothing for my focus,  is a mixture of insanity. Im over the vistaril after a month of more intense headaches everyday."
"I took this birth control pill because I was experiencing extreme PMDD symptoms. My doctor put me on this hoping it would help and ease my symptoms by the intake of the hormones. THIS MEDICATION DRAINED MY WHOLE LIFE. It caused anxiety, depression, mood swings, bouts of crying every single day, and spend 3 months of my whole summer break IN BED, LITERALLY. I finally came off of it next week, and I can already feel like myself again. Stay away from this drug, its also a generic for &quot;YAZ&quot;, which is absolutely HORRIBLE. Stay away, please."
"I wake up every two hours at night to urinate.  On the way to the bathroom I am unable to hold it in.  Thank God for Depends.  I&#039;m afraid to not take the med, but have to find something else.  My insurance co pay is $350.00 for a ninety day supply."
"I have been taking this birth control for nearly 6 months. My new obgyn told me to stop taking it because of my blood pressure as it rose since I started this pill. I also gained 18lbs on this pill. I even changed my eating to eating healthier which didn&#039;t affect my weight. I also got a shorter temper on these pills. I also have almost constant breakthrough bleeding with mucus probably 3-5 days a week"
"My wife was on this stuff for at least a couple of years.  She suffered severe tiredness, nightmares, irritability, and even suicidal thoughts, accompanied with severe depression! 
Although it did make her feel better the side effects are not worth it at all!  She switched to flonaze and it is just as Good.  Please, if you are on  this medicine and have any of these side effects,please stop!"
"Prescribed by the doctor as after coming off the pill I broke out in spots. First time I used it I had a severe reaction. I felt a burning &amp; tight sensation on my face, looked in the mirror &amp; it looked like I had been burnt. I took an antihistamine straight away. Nothing changed after 2 hours so attended the hospital who advised me that I had received the worst allergic reaction they had ever seen. "
"I have been on Strattera  for 6 years. I take one 18mg a day. When I take it I don&#039;t feel like myself. I feel depressed. I feel tried all the time. So for me I don&#039;t like it but so far they haven&#039;t found anything else that will work  for me."
"I had a severe concussion and was given Fioricet, after Toradol and something else wouldn&#039;t offer any relief. Talk about a miracle. Once it kicked in my headache was gone! One pill every 4 hours, but with my injury it seemed to wear off in about 3 hours and unfortunately it takes an hour plus to start working. I did sleep after each pill so maybe I&#039;m just immune to the caffeine. Love this medicine, just wish it worked faster and lasted longer."
"I&#039;m a healthy 26 yr old. I took Sronyx for about two or three months, which I had to stop due to the intense migraines it caused. I was then switched to Sprintec. I&#039;m was on it for almost two years. I must say it was absolutely effective at preventing pregnancy. No scares. And even when I missed a day and had to double up (which only happened once or twice). For the first three months or more, I had no issues other than fatigue. Then the other side effects came. Acne, extremely dry skin, hair loss.  I experienced a significant amount of weight gain, which I was unable to lose, even though I run and work out regularly. And I got mood swings and depression to the point of suicidal thoughts! I thought I was going crazy. But everyone is diff."
"In October 2010 I had a psychotic attack.  It appears that my old medicine escitalopram (taken since 2004) has failed to treat my ongoing depressions. Since have transferred onto this medicine about six months ago by a psychiatrist. Taken with escitalopram I gained 1.5 stones in weight. No longer taking escitalopram the weight has dropped off of me. Now taking a dosage of 200 mg daily this medicine is not working on either the hallucinations or the depression. May need a stronger dosage and/or take in combination with an antidepressant."
"I honestly LOVE Implanon! I am a worry wort and not worrying with the monthly pregnancy scare has been fabulous. I have mood swings (but I&#039;ve always been hormonal). I almost chickened out after reading online reviews but I&#039;m glad I didn&#039;t. No weight gain. No acne. Slight bleeding. Highly recommended by me. "
"I was with gastritis symptoms for about two weeks and didn&#039;t pay attention until last Sunday I had one of the worst stomach pain ever, couldn&#039;t sleep, had fever and nausea the entire night and even during Monday. I went to the doctor that same Monday and he gave me this medication; after I took it, the pain went away within 20 minutes and, in about 3 days, almost came back to normal. I&#039;m still taking them for another 6 days because I still feel I need it (I was almost an entire month feeling weird so I think I will take a while before I go back to normal). I&#039;m also complementing with a healthy diet (stopped drinking coffee, sodas, foods with sugar or fat)."
"Took for a gum infection after an extraction - no side effects whatsoever and did the job!  Good stuff!!"
"I have suffered from the pain of arthritis and disc degeneration in my lower back and neck. I also have fibromyalgia.  As if that wasn&#039;t enough, I have been recently diagnosed with Bi-polar disorder. This medication has been great for me. I&#039;ve only been on it for 4 days and already my pain has been greatly reduced. I haven&#039;t had to take any Percocet which is great. I have had to take a couple Tylenol. It has also really helped reduce my anxiety and depression. I really hope it keeps working. I take 300 mg about 1 PM and two 300 mg capsules at night. Side effects are minimal. I&#039;m still a bit drowsy in the morning but it&#039;s nothing a good cup of coffee won&#039;t cure.  It has been a great medication for me."
"I, before starting this, read a lot of negative reviews. My endocrinologist wanted to try this as a way to see if my hair loss, acne, and a few other issues were related to something that this medication would help. I have been on it for a month. In the first week, my skin cleared about 90% and since, my hair has stopped falling out. Some of the extra body hair I was growing has ceased and also disappeared. It does give you headaches, and it does  make me cry a lot, which is abnormal for someone who has no emotional outbursts, ever. I have not gained any weight. I lost three pounds. Although it did make me lose a few pounds, it does keep your stomach a bit bloated. I think it is something that you personally would notice. Its good overall."
"I&#039;ve been taking Entocort for almost 3 months now.  My symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease are almost non existent.  However since taking this medicine (almost from the beginning) I now have psoriasis all over my body, including pustular psoriasis on my hands and feet, which is very painful.  I believe this medicine is causing the psoriasis, I&#039;ve never had this condition before."
"I was switched to Jolessa by my OBGYN after 7 years of hormonal migraines the day before/of starting my period while on Spintec. So far, I&#039;ve had a light to moderate period the first two months and have gained around 6-7 pounds. My skin is fine, can&#039;t comment on the headaches because I&#039;ve had a consistent tension headache the entire time. I&#039;m lazy as as and just want to sit around and eat icecream. Something extremely annoying above all I think is the constipation. I&#039;m so bloated and uncomfortable. I have a fiber rich diet so I&#039;m assuming this is the problem. Not happy so far but I&#039;m gonna stick with it. Will re-review later after I&#039;m done cleaning out the freezer section at the grocery store."
"I have ran the gauntlet of ADD meds, starting with Concerta then tried Vyvance which worked well in the beginning,  then my Dr switched to Adderall XR,  then to I R, which works best for me I take 20mg twice a day definitely helps with non stop thinking,  racing thoughts,  and just simply getting motivated.  I have been on the IR for about a year and the highs are finally outweighing the lows. 39 years old and can see light at the end of the tunnel."
"Hi! I am 35yrs old, no kids and after many years on jaz pill I wanted to have less hormonal impact. And of course every woman reacts differently so you might be someone with no problems at all. Insertion didn&#039;t work the first time since I had bad cramps due to uneven cervix. Next time the doctor prescribed a vaginal pill softening the uterus. That helped a lot with the cramps. I had several days with cramps afterwards but equal to having bad mentrual pain. It was uncomfortable but tolerable. 
On Skyla for 6 weeks now and have had light to heavy spotting since the insertion. Weight gain and irregular cramps. Will wait another few months to see if it gets better before having it removed. Wanted to love it because of easy use and less hormones"
"Schering-Plough is moving their facility that makes Drixoral and it will be back on the shelves late in 2009.  Go to their website for more information.  This is great news!"
"I get a really tough Sinus infection each October and Early Spring like clock work. If I let the infection go too long without going to a Physician - I can be in bed with thick phlegm, headache, full head, and extreme fatigue for several weeks. Levaquin is the only medication that get rid of these infections. Walk in clinics never prescribe it%u2026 so have to wait to get in with my own GP. In Mexico you can buy it without a prescript - as I did last year on vacation when I came down with a Sinus infection but hence- as alot of things in Mexico - was a scam%u2026. sugar pills. The only side effect I have ever had was tendon pain - that cleared up relatively soon. This is the go-to for anyone suffering Chronic Sinus infections."
"This Opana is an excellent medication!!  I was taken off of oxycontin 60mg and am now on Opana ER 30 mgs.  They work so much better than the oxycontin for my pain, and the euphoric side effects aren&#039;t too bad to boot either.  I would say that a twenty mg opana is equivalent to a forty mg oxy.  The thirties are equivalent to about a sixty plus.  A very good medicine for pain!!"
"My acne was moderate, I went to the doctor and tried birth control to help &amp; the first 3 months on birth control made it 100 times worse, I stuck with it though &amp; then got on a prescription topical which I had an allergic reaction to. I tried so many different face washes, then finally a family friend recommended differin. I found it  for $20-25 I think? My skin cleared up in a week. I still have some small under the skin spots around my chin / mouth but easily covered up by make up. No more cystic acne! I recommend everyone to try this. I have before and after pictures that I wish I could attached because the difference is insane."
"I have personally been on Crestor to lower blood pressure and this has been totally excellent in doing that. Also when I started on Crestor I was 267 pounds and as if today I&rsquo;m 208 and counting. Thank you Crestor for a new way of living."
"I know there are many with bad experiences, but everyone&#039;s body is different. This is the first time I have ever taken birth control &quot;pill form&quot; and I have had no issues. My weight has stayed about the same, I have my period for a few days and it is light, and I have no breakouts. The only thing I get is my breasts get tender, but other than that, I have had a wonderful experience with this pill."
"I have been taking Aviane for the past 3 years, and I have no complaints whatsoever. You may have headaches, nausea, or spotting when you first begin taking it, but that&#039;s just your body getting used to it: don&#039;t be fooled by terrifying reviews if they&#039;ve been taking it for less than three months.
Before I started Aviane, my cycles were INSANE. I would be in terrible pain and the changes in my hormone levels were so extreme that I would often have excruciating migraines and vomit for 8+ hours.
Now my periods are very light, regular, and typically last for only 3 days. My skin is clearer, and while I did put on some weight at first, it was less than 10 pounds and I&#039;ve already worked it off.
I would recommend this pill to women everywhere."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months now and it&#039;s great. My period lasts only like 3 days on the sugar pills, experience barely any cramping. The only downside for my body was that this pill makes you spot on and off so I keep having to wear a panty liner and it makes me really emotional like I cry over everything and I was never that sensitive. I haven&#039;t gained that much weight but I will say it makes me have an appetite like a man! It cleared up my acne too. I do recommend this pill."
"Taking Cellcept for my Myasthenia Gravis has allowed me to live a symptom free, normal life."
"1st day on Zubsolv. I have no history with Suboxone and I cant compare the two. For the last year, I was averaging 20 days of the month on 150MG of MD per day and 200MG of Hydro or Oxy for the other 10 days of the month. My source of MD went to clinic every two weeks so I always would be out of MD with 4 or 5 days remaining before this person went back to clinic. Sad but true and I accept that I am an idiot. Anyways, 24 days ago I just jumped CT. It was as bad as all you have read about MD. I was desperate and called a clinic and got on Zubsolv. Within 30 minutes all the anxiety, pain all over, lack of motivation etc. was fading. 1 hour later, I am like a different person. Based on 1 day, I am a fan."
"Lamictal has been the most all round effective medication I have take and that is saying a lot for a patient of 40 years. What I mean by that is my system rejected all antidepressants and antipsychotics because of a side effect called Akathesia. I sustained on lithium and Klonopin alone for a long time.
Back then doctors were scared to death of Lamictal because of the rash that few to none got when properly prescribed. I couldn&#039;t find one to prescribe so I got it from my family doctor. That was the best day of my life. I titrated the lithium while slowly adding the Lamictal with no problems. I have been taking 450mg a day ever since. I also noticed how badly 30 years of lithium had hurt me. I no longer knew myself."
"I am a 54 year old woman who started Contrave as a last ditch effort to loose weight before choosing surgery. I found loosing weight while experiencing menopause impossible. When I started the medication, I weighed 213. and I am 5&#039; 2&quot;. I have lost 60 pounds in 16 months. I have had very few side effects. The medication gave me the tool I needed to change my eating lifestyle.  My high blood pressure is resolved and my blood sugars are now normal. I highly recommend this medication. If you are looking for a fast solution, this is not for you. Although I do not discourage exercise, I would like to mention that I am not in any kind of exercise program. I&#039;ve gone from a size 18, to a size 10. I am grateful to my Dr. For prescribing this med."
"Loss of hair. Restlessness, insomnia, chronic fatigue, diplopia, Bell&#039;s Palsy recurring, skin rashes and sores, depression, mood swings, vision blurred at times.  The fatigue is the biggest problem right now. Had the summer from hell with diplopia and Bell&#039;s Palsy. The Bell&#039;s Palsy started on the left side and when that calmed down jumped over to right. Months of pain like someone drilling behind my ear and along the side of my face. My oncologist said it wasn&#039;t the nilotinib. I say it was a reaction between Purgodan and Nilotinib. Purgodan being a precleanser for colonocopies. My blood work is fine and my CML is under control. I did not tolerate Gleevec too well so this was my next option."
"I have been on NuvaRing for 1 week.  In the past, I&#039;ve not been able to take hormonal birth control because it zaps my libido and makes orgasm difficult to achieve.  With NuvaRing, since the dosage of hormones is small, I have had no decrease in libido (yeah!) and I&#039;m able to achieve orgasm just as easily as before (woohoo!).  When NuvaRing is in, I can&#039;t feel it during sex and neither can my partner. In my book, I give a big thumbs up! I think it&#039;s important to recognize that not all birth control works the same for everyone. Most people who think of posting a review, it&#039;s because they&#039;ve had a negative experience. I think you have to try for yourself and see how your body responds."
"I stopped by the chemist and had a chat, he suggested I try Finacea. This condition has been with me for more than 5 years - I am 37. Couldn&#039;t wait I put it on so I did so as soon as I got in the car - my face started to burn and itch! Oddly though in the mirror it was not as if my face was breaking out?! Ten minutes later the burning/itching stopped. Its been a week of morning and night routine and I could not be happier, its as if the condition has been completely cured plus I don&#039;t get the burning/itching any more when I put it on. I don&#039;t have red breakouts, even had a few drinks out the other night and no symptoms the next day!"
"My yeast infection was tolerable,1 more day left to see doctor and I decide buy monistat 1 day treatment. It is awful -  the burning and itching awful!!!!!!!!!!!!DON&#039;T USE THIS JUST DON&#039;T "
"It&#039;s great, doesn&#039;t help the infrequent redness but keeps the skin clear.  for me,  just when I notice the flare up until it subsides.  The cost is exorbitant. $1800 a tube  60g."
"My new doctor put me on this birth control to try to ease my ovarian pain and severe cramping. After only a week of taking it my skin became extremely oily, when I normally have dry skin, and my skin began to break out. It made me bleed non-stop and didn&#039;t help with any of my PMS symptoms, if anything it made them worse. I&#039;ve tried several other birth controls and this might be the worst one."
"I started taking this medicine last week so I could lose weight faster and for the first few days the pills were working. They were making me not eat as much and I had a lot of energy. About 3 or 4 days later things got worse, I started getting very angry and agitated at everyone. I ignored this and thought it would go away, but it didn&#039;t. I started getting really depressed thoughts and it felt like I had to take this pill or my mood would get worse. The mood swings were getting worse so I put an end to this medicine. Wouldn&#039;t recommend this if you already have depression because it can make it worse on you"
"I have Crohn&#039;s and peri-anal Crohn&#039;s. I take Percocet 5/325 3-6 times daily. Nothing else takes my pain away. I would be lost without them."
"Inserted Dec 1 2015. Insertion was extremely painful. My uterus contacted so much that I push out the iud during first insert. My doctor had to do it 2x. Most people say you only experience a minor pinch. For me this was very untrue. This is the worst pain I have ever experienced. I bleed for about a month after insert. About month 2 is when things started to become more &quot;normal&quot;. I have experienced what I think are 2 cycles. I was formerly on the pill, had minor symptoms and only 3 days of bleeding. Although I know my body is still adjusting, my periods are now about a week long! I also experience horrible cramping about 5 days before. The cramps are not long lasting rather very sharp and random. I have been having acne face/back. :/"
"Horrible medication with tons of side effects.  I have tried this stuff twice over a 15 year period and this time was much worse....all the side effects listed I got to experience within two weeks of taking this drug with slow introduction.  And I still got migraines even while taking it...and now I have to take eye medication on top of wheezing, felt like puking, dizzy, edgy and wanting to kill myself.  Throw this one in the waste basket and try the alternatives before touching this stuff."
"I&#039;ve only been on it for two weeks but I love it. I was freaking out reading the comments thinking I&#039;m going to bleed for months on end and have acne all over my face, but my experience has been the exact opposite. I was on my first day of period when getting it, it automatically stopped it &amp; I haven&#039;t bleed since, not even spot. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects, no acne, no weight gain, the only thing that I want to point out is it really hurts. My arm was really sore for about 10 days but now it&#039;s fine."
"I took a doxycycline tablet in the evening without enough water and went to bed. The next morning I thought the pill was stuck in my throat. The next day I felt like I had heartburn. The following day the muscles in my throat were spasming and I had much pain with swallowing. I believe the pill caused esophagitis. I have extreme burning when swallowing food."
"I now rarely get sick but I&#039;ve had sinusitis for years due to my allergies. I&#039;ve found out from my experience with sinus infections that there is no better drug than LEVAQUIN  for killing a sinus infection. I just went to the doctor for my ears being clogged for about 4 weeks now and she said I have fluid behind my ear drums and prescribed me 7 days of Levaquin 500mg. I&#039;m about to start taking it tonight and in a few days I&#039;ll see results... I&#039;ve used it a number of times for bad sinus infections and it never fails to work w/ no side effects that I can see. Great drug.  :  )"
"I have been taking this medicine for about a month.  It was prescribed to me a week prior to surgery for high blood pressure.  I have noticed significant swelling in my legs and ankles along with stuffiness in my nose.  It has controlled my blood pressure but has now started to cause pain and spider veins in my legs, behind my knees in particular.  I am going to try to increase my activity level and hope that it helps with the swelling.  I also have severe anemia so it is hard to tell if the anemia is contributing to these symptoms or not."
"In Dec 2012, I was diagnosed with HIV.  After another 2 weeks of testing, I was found to have a Viral Load (VL) of 10,000 and CD4 of 700.  I was very sad, but thankful I found this early.  By the time my Dr. referred me to a specialist, 1 month had passed.  In Jan 2013, my VL was 27,000 and CD4 was 680.  I wanted to go on antiretrovirals as soon as possible.  On Jan 15th, 2012, after 2 weeks of waiting for more test results, I started taking Atripla.  On Jan 18th, I had my VL and CD4 rechecked.  My VL was undetectable, and my CD4 was still at 680.  Literally, in 54 hours, my VL had went to undetectable.  Its now June 2013, and my VL is still undetectable, however, my CD4 count has not increased (670). The first few days are rough, but its been smooth sailing since."
"This is the best birth control method I have ever tried. I absolutely love it and haven&#039;t had any side effects at all. I&#039;ve been able to keep my weight off, exercise and have a normal life with no problems. The insertion procedure is nothing to worry about either."
"Since I cannot choose more than one option for condition, I will post both reasons here: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome and Birth Control.

I first started with two other different brands of birth control before getting on Ortho Novum 1/35. The other two brands make me extremely moody and my periods were out of control.

Once I got started on Ortho Novum 1/35, my periods started evening out, lasting 3 - 5 days out of the entire placebo week. The only downside I&#039;ve noticed was a little bit of weight gain and vaginal dryness during intercourse. I&#039;m not overly moody or irritable and I can actually do activities that would leave me curled up on the couch."
"This medic did not work for me. Not even a little."
"I have been using this medication for 1 month and have lost 15 lbs.  I have been very fortunate and the only side effect I have experienced is a bit of a dry mouth.  That has not been bothersome it has only encouraged me to drink more water.  I have continued exercising 4-5 days/week. What has been a real blessing is I have not been obsessed with food and I cannot recall a time when food was a main focus of my thoughts."
"It worked for me, but I get aggravated easily and have a short-fuse.  I began taking Chantix in April 10 2011, stopped smoking altogether on April 12 2011 and stopped taking Chantix on May 20 2011.  Today is August 29th 2011 and still not smoking but wanted to know when the side effects might stop."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon in since I was 16. I&#039;ve had 2 and am just about due for my third. That&#039;s right, for 6 years I&#039;ve had irregular periods ever since, no cramps and no headaches but different experiences with sex drive with both implants. The first one my partner and I would have sex all the time but since my second one not so much. Actually I don&#039;t want it at all. Only worry now is because I&#039;ve had it in for so long can I still get pregnant without it."
"Lexapro saved my life and saved my mind.  I have pure OCD and anxiety.  I tried other anxiety medications before and was ready to give up.  My primary doctor recommended I try Lexapro. I started off at 10mg and started to feel better after a month or two but was still having compulsions from my OCD (although much fewer) so I asked my Doctor to up my medication.  She put me on 20mg and I have been on 20mg for more than six months now.  My life has changed.  I have never felt so alive and so real.  I have never felt so sane.  I can function for the first time in ten years at the degree someone &quot;normal&quot; functions act."
"I have been taking this for my allergies for a few years now and LOVE IT. The single daily dosage is great - I have NO &quot;downtime&quot; between doses.  However every year the supply runs out."
"so I am on the sugar pills of my third month on this birth control and I have finally concluded, I am not going crazy, its the pills.The first month was great, I lost about 5-6 pounds, felt wonderful and no babies! the second month was just as good until I got to 2 days before the sugar pills. I began getting terrible cramps (not normal for me) and even worse back aches (normal but not this severe) I was crying uncontrollably over my &#039;friend&#039; who hadn&#039;t texted me that day and went through at least 3 uncontrollable rage spells, and got so exhausted, I couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open (I go through insomnia, one bonus about this pill is that I got A LOT of sleep) this month its worse, I can&#039;t even speak to my Dr. without wanting to scream."
"Unfortunately. This Medication really took a turn for the worse on my acne. I was on it for only 7 weeks but I couldn&#039;t handle getting nauseous and bad acne anymore. It made my skin more red and I was taking it with Acanya the topical cream. My skin just wasn&#039;t accepting the antibiotic which was sad because it had such great reviews. If you are taking it, take it with food. I missed one meal and needed to take it and I was sick for hours and ever since every time I took it, I would get even more nauseous. You win some, you lose some."
"Zoloft worked for me at first, but then I had what my Doctor said was &quot;medication burnout,&quot; so it stopped working.  He switched me from Zoloft to Prozac (both of which I am off now).  I took them together for a week so I could taper off the Zoloft.  He told me that taking them together would reduce withdrawal symptoms, but it didn&#039;t.  I had horrible withdrawal from Zoloft.  I have never done crack, but I felt like I had.  I was sweating, my pupils were huge, and I was shaking for a good 10 hours; I also had bad vertigo for a week.  I think it would have been a lot worse if I was just trying to get off Zoloft. My withdrawal from Prozac has been definitely better. "
"I&#039;ve used it for 10 days now in my most recent attempt to kick meth. It helps so much. It won&#039;t buzz you, but it takes away the debilitating lethargy and depression."
"I love Nexplanon. I got it November of 2013. They made sure to numb my arm so insertion was painless. My arm was sore for about a day but no worse than a harsh workout. I did have mood swings in the first few weeks but nothing out of control. Then I had my period for about 4 weeks which I&#039;m told is normal. Since then I&#039;ve only had a few days of spotting and nothing else. I&#039;m on a nutritionist guided weight loss plan and have managed to lose 40lbs. So far while on Nexplanon so no problems with weight gain. I get the occasional acne here and there but again nothing too bad. Overall I rate Nexplanon high and its so great to no longer have the responsibility of taking a pill every day."
"I&#039;ve been taking synthroid for about 3 years. I had to have radiation on my thyroids because they couldn&#039;t control levels. It just would go real low than extremely high. I&#039;m on a 300 mg taking mon through to sat. I&#039;m feeling better but it takes a long time before they find the right dosage."
"When used correctly it works well within the 60 to 90 minute time for satisfactory and excellent results. Quick injections and within 10 minutes, you are ready."
"This works great for hot flashes!  I never have them during the day anymore and not more than one at night when I first lay down. Also calms anxiety without any side effects that I can see."
"I&#039;ve been on Metanx for 5 years since my podiatrist prescribed it.  No pain at all anymore In my feet and calfs."
"Am now on day 2 of meds still in horrible pain.hurts so much to swallow any type of food or water.. Fever is under control thanks to round the clock advil and Tylenol.no relief as of yet hoping that it starts to help.."
"After reading the reviews I am scared to take these patches , my first worry I told the pharmacist was it falling off and possibly getting into the hands of my grandkids and she assured me it won&#039;t Reviews say different ...with all the negative reviews I think I will suck up this broken rib ..."
"On 100mg Nucynta 4 x day works great for my chronic pain.  Side effects are drowsy, dizzy, clumsy, no stomach issues."
"My blood sugar level with Actos is higher then without taking it."
"Used when migraine has already formed and still reduces pain.  Needs to be taken twice for maximum reduction of symptoms.  Last minute resort usually, as it is pretty expensive."
"I&#039;ve been using Tretinoin (0.05 %) for one year now to treat acne on my back, which I had not been able to get rid of with any other topical cream for the past seven years. At first, the Tretinoin cream dried out my skin to the point where it was peeling. I gently exfoliated every morning and used an oil-free moisturizing gel, which helped quite a bit. Then, my acne got worse for a month. However, since I do not feel comfortable using oral medication, I stuck with it and after 6 months my acne was 80% better! There are certain times of the month when some acne does come back, but in general this medication has drastically improved the appearance of my skin. I continue to use it every evening because otherwise the acne seems to return."
"I had been on the pill for nearly a year before deciding I should find an alternative form of birth control since I had trouble taking the pill on time and every day. I decided to get the Skyla IUD because my doctor kind of talked me into it, but when I brought up my fear of the IUD embedding into my uterine muscles she said she had never heard of such a thing, which seemed sketchy because I had personally known people it had happened to but I still went along with scheduling my insertion appointment. I went in for the insertion and it was a very quick process. Worst pain I&#039;ve ever felt and I have a high pain tolerance. Cramps and spotting on and off thus far, but I love this IUD! Definitely worth the short 15 mins of pain"
"Used lots of non steriodal drugs, to fight back and leg pain. None of them seemed to work anymore. Doctor put me on Dolophine 20 mg 3x a day. It gave me my life back. I was at the point that I could not get out of bed in the morning."
"Incredible medicine. Took maybe 4-6 weeks to kick in though, but when it did, WOW. I was having a panic attack every morning and was relying on a benzodiazepine to live a normal life. 

During the best of times, it has completely muted my anxiety. Sometimes I still get slightly anxious, but it&#039;s like the volume is turned way down. Have had maybe one &quot;panic attack&quot; (if I can even call it that, it was so mild) since it kicked in. 

I&#039;m happier, calmer, and more balanced. Only side effect was slightly disturbed sleep for 2 days when I started (and for a day or two after I increased the dose), and increased anxiety on the first day. I&#039;m on 15mg and I couldn&#039;t be happier."
"I am currently 7.5 weeks pregnant, and I started experiencing debilitating nausea at about six weeks. I&#039;ve been taking Diclegis for a few days now (2 before bed and 1 more during the day if necessary) and it&#039;s helped quite a bit. My nausea has decreased between 60 and 80%, and my appetite is returning. I actually went out to dinner with friends last night and enjoyed myself! I have had some drowsiness, but I can still get through my work day OK. And thank goodness for my great prescription coverage - $40/100 tablets! I hope it continues to control my symptoms this well."
"I&#039;m a 26 year old female and been taking Straterra for 2 weeks for ADD and I love it. Straterra has been a miracle for me. Before I would start projects and never finish them but now I finish them. I&#039;m actually happy instead of being down on myself and staying frustrated all the time my husband says I smile and laugh a lot more. I am experiencing some of the side effects, dry mouth, chills weight loss and I don&#039;t eat near as much but I needed to lose weight and ate to much before taking the drug. I just hope this medicine continues to work for me because so far its awesome."
"I&#039;ve been on this for about 3 weeks and so far, I&#039;m impressed! I&#039;ve tried just about every birth control pill out there (aviane, tri cyclen-lo, ocella, microgestin...just to name a few) and a Mirena IUD, and this is by far the best. The doc told me I&#039;m &quot;hormone sensitive&quot; because with other brands I would get really dizzy, nausested, tired, moody, bloated and low sex drive... even after trying them out for 3+ months. With this pill, I&#039;ve only gotten a little moody/emotional, rather bloated and a few headaches.... Which is not bad and very manageable! I&#039;m sure my body will adjust more and I&#039;ll be an even happier customer. Two thumbs up!"
"So I am now into my 3rd week started out at 233 lbs. now I am 219 lbs. that&#039;s down 14 lbs in 3 weeks. Side effects that I have is if I even try to eat to much my stomach hurts to where I don&#039;t want nothing else. I am still constipated and tired at times my mood swings are up and down but I try to control them. Everything has not been bad enough to where I want to quit taking them. My idea weight lost is around 180 and as you can see I&#039;m well on my way. I was able to get a discount card so my prescription cost me $42. I would recommend to anybody !!!
Everybody side effects are different."
"This is my 2nd time taking birth control. I am on my 2nd pack with this particular one and near the end of the 2nd week. Maybe 4-5 days after my period ends, I get another period or &quot;breakthrough bleeding&quot; I&#039;m not happy with this at all because this will probably go on until I finish the pack. So technically I bleed for about 2-3 weeks. This is not cool. I will give this one more month to see if my body will adjust. If this situation doesn&#039;t get better then I&#039;m going to discontinue use of this product."
"As a result of exposure to pesticide and living with depression (on &amp; off for years), I began to have problems with memory, concentration, distractibility and constantly losing and misplacing things. After much testing, Alzeihmers was ruled out and my diagnosis is Mild Cognitive Impairment. Aricept helped immensely. I still contend with the above problems, except to a much lesser degree than before I started taking Aricept. After about 8-months, the medicine seemed a little less effective but it still keeps me functioning."
"Excellent. Must be used long term. Got my son well in 9 months."
"I have been taking Reglan 10mg doses for years. It has changed my life in a good way. It has controlled my gastroparesis completely. I was having to go to the E.R. for pain before I started Reglan. I take 4 a day. 2 in the morning and 2 at night. I have had no side effects at all from this medicine except relief. I would recommend Reglan to anyone suffering from gastroparesis."
"I can&#039;t eat or be around a lot of people with out it or zannex. Zannex is good but doesn&#039;t last as long. My Mom even said while I was on diazepam, it&#039;s good to see a smile on your face:-)! It may may make you feel kind of goofy for a couple days but after that it just helps. The sedation subsides as well. A very tolerable medication that really does help. Trust me!"
"Entyvio works but it wears off after 3 weeks. It is 8 weeks between the IVs.
By 5 weeks, I am back to passing mush and having accidents. This is not acceptable for a $40K drug."
"I started getting panic attacks when I was 12. Every time I had to present something to my class it felt like I was having a heart attack and my hands and voice would shake uncontrollably. I couldn&#039;t get through the presentations most of the time and the kids would make fun of me. It was dreadful. Finally, when I was 14 I saw the doctor that prescribed this. It was a life changer. There was a speech I had to give as an 8th grade project and while I was up at the podium I could actually organize all my thoughts. No shaking. No heart palpitations. No sweaty hands. I could have stayed up there for hours! I even remember thinking, this stuff really works!&quot; I&#039;m 23 now and started taking it for work-related situations."
"Was on this medication for 5-6 weeks. Titrated up to 40mg, but this made my anxiety so bad (mostly physiological), that I went back down to 30mg. Was only on 40mg for a few days. Got my first brain zap, and accompanying psychosis with full blown auditory hallucinations. That&#039;s when I knew it was time to quit. Viibryd isn&#039;t as bad at inhibiting sexual desire as other SSRIs, but it STILL does! For anxiety, this medication wasn&#039;t helpful- but I did notice myself in a more positive and upbeat mood (for what that&#039;s worth). After spending a total of 4-5 hours researching this drug, and hearing about what it&#039;s like if you forget to take your dose (even if you&#039;re an hour off)- I was scared straight. Weaned myself off FAST (5mg reduction per night)."
"my advice on movantik is understand that movantik is an opioid blocker in the same manner that naloxone (found in suboxone) is an opioid blocker. My husband took 12.5mg and was thrown in withdrawal. Nausea first, chills, fever, shaking so hard the bed was vibrating. I thought movantik worked on the backed up s**t but it stops the opioid from working. Of course you will have diarrhea when your pain meds are cut off. It may not happen to everyone but it happened to my husband. I guess it&#039;s back to OIC"
"After 4 weeks on Solvaldi and Ribavarin, my viral load is &quot;0&quot;, not detected! I&#039;m due for my 8 week test and hope that it will reveal the same, and maybe only have to be on it for 12 weeks. No side effects whatsoever, in fact, I feel great!!
Thank you~~"
"Hey, does anyone have severe allergy-like reactions after stop taking Harvoni? I was genotype1b, and was prescribed a two 28-days of Harvoni. My medical report says the virus was undectective after my first blood test after taking the medication, roughly about 28 days. I felt very happy about the result. But, I kept feeling like I got a strong flu and allergy reaction, sneezing, coughing and running nose. First thought I was catching cold since I was in the office, the AC was pretty hard. And my house was surrounded by a lot trees, I may got severe allergy reaction. (Only this year starts the reaction, I never felt like that ever before). Now I started to think if it&#039;s the medication gets me that strong reaction. It affected my sleep too!!"
"Has helped in manic episodes a little but still experience depressional relapses and moodiness."
"I take 25mg at bedtime for interstitial cystitis and it works great for me. It does take some time to get used to  and it makes you tired but after a month or so I had no complaints."
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for almost 5 years and it&#039;s definitely done its job. I did gain weight on it. I have this stubborn pouch on my stomach that I can&#039;t loose now and it wasn&#039;t there before the pill. My periods come every month and last a week. I have no acne, but I&#039;m not sure if that&#039;s because of the pill."
"I use Ocella and my only complaints are that I am moody occasionally and my periods are heavier and I get very bad cramps, which I never used to get. I actually lost six pounds in the first month I took it, but it didn&#039;t really clear up my face completely, just a little. I would recommend this birth control."
"I just started this medication two days ago and felt the effects within the same day. It was an absolute miracle like a curse was lifted off of me. I&#039;ll have to wait a few weeks and be observant of its effects, which so far have only been decrease in appetite. All in all this drug saved my life"
"Inderal has definitely helped with my migraine prevention. I started getting migraines when I was 13. Now late 20s I am finally migraine free besides the odd one I get due to hormones or when really stressed out! I reduced to taking 40mg in the morning rather than 40mg morning and night and have found the migraines still stay away. The only side effects I&#039;ve had was nightmares initially, that soon went after a couple months. I get very cold hands and feet, sometimes in warm weather my feet are still cold! I also feel slightly more tired/sleepy but its worth it compared to the regular migraines I was experiencing beforehand."
"I have been using Humira since October of 2009, I had a lot of swelling in my joints after the injection and redness, swelling and bruising.  I have not noticed much difference. I have started not only the cartilage degeneration but it is affecting my bone also.  We are about to try Simponi.  Hopefully this will work."
"Diagnosed with Carpel Tunnel Syndrome, my physician prescribed two Vicodin a day for pain relief.  For the first couple of days I was drowsy after the noon tablet but now my body seems to have acclimated itself to the drug and I&#039;m no longer drowsy, and I&#039;m reasonably pain free.  It isn&#039;t perfect, but I gave it an eight out of a possible ten!  I don&#039;t expect to be on it long enough to worry about addiction."
"I am about to turn 50 and my life of anxiety has been a recent and unpleasant downward spiral. I ended up in the emergency room twice with soaring blood pressure, flushing and heart palpitations plus overwhelming feelings of panic. I live daily with either anxiety or small panic attacks, they are debilitating and have affected my ability to continue work on my degree. After my last ER visit a doc felt I was having panic attacks and directed me to seek help at a Mental Health Clinic. I&#039;ve tried several anti-depressants and I have not tolerated them well. Xanax (0.5 mg) has gotten me through many a day and night and I prefer this medication over all the others. It decreases the anxiety very quickly and helps to maintain a sense of normality."
"I got my Implanon on 4/21/11.  The only pain I felt during insertion was the numbing shot, but that only lasted for maybe 20 seconds or less.  After that, absolutely no pain during the rest of the insertion.  Now looking at the insertion site, there is a bruise, but it&#039;s not terrible, and the insertion site looks no bigger than the width of a nickel!  My arm was numb for the rest of that day, and I have had practically no pain ever since.  It&#039;s a little tender to the touch, but nothing to complain about.  I haven&#039;t had to take any pain medication for it.  I got the Implanon inserted towards the end of my period. My period stopped and have had no bleeding as of yet. It is pretty soon after the fact, but I am very happy with my decision!"
"This medication was a bit of a struggle for me... for one reason: SPOTTING.  Like, alot.  Within the first month I spotted for two weeks, then it subsided for about a week.  Then I spotted for another two weeks, and this just kept happening.  Finally, into the fourth pack I noticed I hadn&#039;t spotted in a while and was very happy.  I decided to start running for about twenty minutes every day to get some exercise.  Unfortunately, I began spotting heavily during my first run.  From then on I have been spotting every time I run.  I am now going to switch birth control pills.  Other than the issue I had with spotting, this pill is pretty good.  I did not gain any weight on this pill, however my breasts did go up a size."
"Been on sulfasalazine for 3 years, for me the first 2 weeks were hard on the stomach. Felt like I was going to vomit all the time but never did, it was slow to have the effect maybe  a month, but after that it has been good. Still get flare up the odd time. It is inexpensive compared to the other medications."
"HERE WE GO... New product. I search all product before taking them, I read all reviews and make my choice to try the product.. I will try this, but I will follow through and tell you my experience! Here is some info about me. I am 26 years old (female) Hormonal imbalance (cyst) and bumpy cheeks. I get under the skin cyst that pop up once a month, sometimes two to three at a time. If I mash them, nothing really comes out, but it leaves holes in my face.. the bumps on my cheeks are around my ears and were I would apply blush. I changed out my brushes btw. Anyways other them that I have moderate skin, no severe acne. I am fair skinned. and I&#039;m combination skin type. I go from oily by the end of the day with flakes under my makeup (lol)"
"Prozac saved me! I&#039;ve been in and out of hospitals for 10 years. Was diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder. After changing Doctors and medicines I finally feel like myself again. I here no voices of worry and stress. I&#039;m not irritated over the slightest things. I can now think clearer. After months of depression and panic attracts my new doctor recommended Prozac. For weeks I felt nausea and weakness. Then on the third week I got up and out and got a job the same day! I was no longer stuttering and confused. My relationship with my significant other is 100% better. My thoughts were very clear. I&#039;d finally gained my confidence back! I&#039;m very happy I tried Prozac. I feel amazing."
"I have taken every birth control know to man, and this one was the only one I could tolerate for nausea, and upset stomach. Although, after being on it for several months, I have re occurring consistent UTI&#039;s at least one every two months, Acne on my back (I have NEVER had acne), horrible mood swings, significant hair loss, lack of energy, headaches, suicide thoughts and horrible anxiety. I was so conflicted, and second guessed my side effects with this pill, after getting off of it, all of those symptoms were gone. Ladies, it&#039;s NOT worth it."
"I&#039;ve used it way more than a few times. It truly works and truth be told it does mess up your period. One time it went away for 3 months and I was going crazy thinking I was pregnant but I wasn&#039;t. It&#039;s different for everyone but most of the time I&#039;m normal and no side effects. It is expensive though."
"Lexapro changed my life! I had coped with generalized anxiety, depression, even slight OCD since I was a child. Everything in my life was affected by it in some shape or form. I have been on Lexapro 10 mg for three years now and I can&#039;t imagine being without it. I&#039;m happy with my life; work, family, friends. No more anxiety attacks or crying spells or OCD. My husband can 100 percent see the change. I only had a few side effects for the first few weeks like yawning and slight night sweats (didn&#039;t interrupt my sleep) for several months and now none. I think my doctor puts it best; diabetics take insulin because their bodies don&#039;t produce enough and people who have the symptoms above don&#039;t make enough serotonin take a medicine like Lexapro."
"It really works for my son as prevention for asthma attacks"
"This med saved my life. I was having a hard time dealing with all the side effects from my menopause."
"I have had 2 Mirena&#039;s.  I had my first one inserted immediately after my second child.  It was uncomfortable but not painful.  I had it for the full five year.  I loved it!  I had it removed and was pregnant with my third child within 3 months.  I had my second mirena inserted a year after birth.  This time it was much more painful at insertion.  Again, great experience for another 5 years.  I had no cramping, no menstrual cycle, and no &quot;bad&quot; side effects. Over the last 10 years I have gained 20 pounds. I never experienced any kind of Mirena crash.  For someone who does not want to worry about a daily or monthly birth control and wants something long term, I would recommend Mirena."
"I was suffering from major cystic acne on my cheeks, forehead and chin. Everyone started commenting on the horrible situation of my face :( I started feeling frustrated. I used to feel ashamed going outside. Then my doctor prescribed me doxycycline tablet (1/day), clyndamine gel. It took one month to start showing its effects. And believe me ..my skin started becoming real clear. Right now my chin and forehead are completely clear and cheeks are having light acne marks which are fading day by day .Now the people who used to comment on my acnes they are admiring my clear face :) :)"
"Coming up on 1 year of Tambocor   Metoprolol for treatment of atrial fibrillation. It works very well, no attacks at all since starting Tambocor, hence my life is better in that respect. However, there is a trade off, my energy level is lower and I feel exactly the same when I get up at 7:30 in the morning; whether I go to bed at 9:00PM or stay up until after midnight. I am chronically tired. Also, I notice strange things with my peripheral vision occasionally since on the Tambocor. That&#039;s not to scare anyone off, I can still function normally, from yard work, to splitting wood, to playing golf, on the outside I doubt anyone who knows me has a clue that I am on medication. It is a &quot;feeling&quot; to me. I can tell I am a little &quot;off&quot; but it&#039;s worth it."
"I have taken moxifloxacin for 2 days so far - and NO SIDE EFFECTS! In fact, I FINALLY feel normal and healthy again. I wanted to die of flu symptoms before I took Avelox. I took Amoxicillin for 8 days (prior to Avelox), which did NOTHING! I went to my doctor, desperate, and he prescribed me 5 days of Avelox. I have taken 2, no side effects, and FINALLY FINALLY feel well again. I was sick for OVER 2 weeks, flu, SEVERE body aches, SEVERE sore throat/majorly swollen glands on right side of neck, SEVERE earache right side, fever, headache - MISERABLE!  AVELOX FIXED ME. THANK you Doctor. THANK you AVELOX! Just educate yourself on precautions! There are many things you need to do (take in morning, don&#039;t take with certain medicines)."
"Just as a warning, I got rushes of aggression on Abilify. My psych said that is not uncommon, as the medicine does not suit everyone."
"I&#039;ve had seriously awful hives and angioedema for 3 months and tried everything on my own to lessen my symptoms, even taking Benadryl around the clock. I went to my doctor who prescribed this and warned it would make me drowsy when I took it. For the first time in 3 months I&#039;ve had hardly any hives (though they aren&#039;t completely gone, but much easier to handle) and I wasn&#039;t drowsy at all (maybe because I&#039;m used to taking all the Benadryl and fighting drowsiness). I haven&#039;t had any side effects."
"Knowing I am very reluctant to pill taking in general, my doctor pushed Actonel on me saying &#039;&#039;now don&#039;t give it up after a few months !&quot;
I persevered for 10 months. I used to be very active, exercising everyday, talking long walks, realizing I have aged 10 years in those ten months. I did some research on the net and understood where my problems came from. Aching everywhere, stiff, tired ... I stopped."
"I got the implant inserted three years ago, I got constant bleeding. I would have a period for a month straight and really bad abdominal pain. The insertion was painful as the anaesthetic was not  effective. I couldn&#039;t sleep on my left side for A week. During the time I had the implant I had to go on the pill to stop the bleeding. After the first year I was still getting 2 week periods and 2 weeks of no bleeding, I eventually got it out after having it for 2 years. Do not get this, it will ruin your sex life !!"
"Post surgery: I am sensitive to medicine and this one is not too hard on my stomach.  It helps me get comfortable enough to get a good nights sleep.  It will cause hard stool or constipation.  I have been taking one every night at dinner and 2 stool softeners in the morning with breakfast.  Cannot take and work or drive so only useful for nights.  Overall very happy with this."
"I took Effexor for about 2 years for my panic disorder and it was a huge mistake! Effexor caused me to have violent out burst which I never had before the medicine, increased aniexty and suicidal thoughts.I thought I was doing good on the Effexor but everyone around me saw a complete change in me and it was bad. Almost 1 month  ago I was sick for 3 days and was unable to keep my Effexor down from being sick so without knowing withdrawal began which included manic behavior, crying spells, nausea, brain zaps and a suicide attempt that landed me in a mental hospital and while there detoxed from the Effexor and put on new medicine. I know Effexor has worked for a lot of people but I wanted to share my story so people will research before starting"
"I had the Paragard inserted in less than 5min painfree.....After my doctor did a vaginal and stomach sonogram to make sure it was in the correct position and I was done. The only complication is my periods are longer, heavier, and more crampier, but no biggie. I love the Paragard. I have no complaints."
"Was diagnosed with narcolepsy 30 years ago at age of 40 years old.  For the last 10 years have been on Adderall ( 2 x 20 mg at 8am, 2x 20 mg  and 2x 20mg at 1 pm.) &amp; Ritalin ( 2 x 10 mg at 9am, 12pm &amp;2pm) Reason  for Ritalin was to augment the Adderall &quot;peak and fall off&quot;.  I had tried Provigil when it first came on the but it didn&#039;t work,  Now at 70 yrs old it seemed that I had developed a tolerance Adderall.  After a lengthy discussion with health care provider, I agreed to give Provigil another try ( 200 mg once daily).  At next doctor&#039;s appointment, I complained of the &quot;afternoon fall off&quot; and the dose was changed to 200mg twice daily ( morning and early afternoon),  Issue solved and Provigil is working GREAT!!!"
"I got it when I was 18 and kept it all three year and just got it for another 3. I didn&#039;t have all the side effects. I spotted for a little while or randomly here or there, but nothing heavy or bothersome. I keep having yeast infections. I&#039;m not sure if that&#039;s related though."
"After having  been misdiagnosed with a yeast infection, diagnosed with BV, treated with Metronidazole gel and then developing a yeast infection because of the gel, I&#039;ve been three weeks with pants of fire. If you&#039;re reading this, you might know the feeling. I did three doses of Diflucan and no relief. Dizziness and general crummy feeling, but still burning and itching. One dose of M3 and I thought I was in Heaven. No burning. It was relief within an hour (and I was terrified of all the burning reviews). Not everyone reacts the same. One day and I&#039;m looking forward to dose 2. The cooling effect is wearing off and I want this thing gone. Monistat 3 cream was my savior!"
"I&#039;ve had this IUD since April 2017. The initial issue was bleeding for about a week but other problems in the long run for me are the mood swings, feeling deep depression, and the slight weight gain. Even after eating right &amp; working out I wasn&#039;t able to lose any weight while having this IUD in me unlike when I didn&#039;t have it in me I could lose weight fast. I do have periods but they aren&#039;t as heavy and very irregular. For me this IUD does it&#039;s job. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant at all while on it. It&#039;s good to get if you aren&#039;t trying to get pregnant of course but be sure to do your research in advance &amp; review others side affects to it before getting it which I wish I did but didn&#039;t. If I did, I wouldn&#039;t have got it and I plan to remove asap"
"Have been suffering from anxiety and recently have been having panic attacks. I started Zoloft about a week ago, but am using Xanax in the meantime for short-term relief. The pill is amazing, and calms me down within about 20 minutes. Such a wonderful drug."
"Works right like it said it would but heavy bleeding."
"Linzess has been my best friend for a year . After spending thirty years with painful stomach aches, I feel like I have been given a new life!  I take one 290 capsule in the morning , usually run to bathroom a few times with no pain. No pain. No lying in bed all day feeling exhausted. No worrying about going to work, shopping, wondering if I will be able to make appointments without cancelling. No more staying in the bathroom all day. I tried hundreds of things, and Linzess came through for me and my family. Forever grateful."
"I have been taking Zoloft since September 2014, I was diagnosed with PTSD and started on 50mg and during the first month I had a slight reduction in my anxiety and general mood, but the flashbacks continued. My dose was increased to 100mg and I felt better with mild anxiety and no emotions, I can be happy but not sad, Anxiety continued and some flashbacks, my doctor increased my dose to 150mg and I have been well for the last couple of months until last week when a combination of work and family issues pushed me over the edge once again, I had weekly psychologist visits for the first two months, Started today on 200mg daily.
I think zoloft works very well for me but my Trauma plays out in my dreams most nights,"
"This has helped me with my asthma ever since I was a little girl. I&#039;m 19 now and until this day I use it! Whoever made this medication was thinking correctly. I appreciate it."
"I got on the depo shot from recommendations. I&#039;ve been on it for almost 2 months and at 1st i loved it, but now it makes my 3rd week spotting badly one day brown and  one day blood!! I been vomiting everything I eat. Also its makin my sex life complicated I get tired for no reason and really moody"
"I had the liletta IUD inserted two months ago. Insertion was very painful but the experience took 5 mins altogether. The pain following didn&#039;t last longer than a day. So far, I&#039;ve noticed my periods last a lot longer, before the IUD they would last 5 days now they last 8-10. I also spot almost every single day. Both of these things are manageable but if I wasn&#039;t single this would interfere with my sex life. Benefits: I don&#039;t get crazy mood swings like I used to on the pill and I don&#039;t have a lot of hair growth on my body it seems like my hair doesn&#039;t grow as fast. Cons:  I&#039;m very frustrated this month because I&#039;ve developed cystic acne along my left jaw and cheek and forehead and i can&#039;t lose weight whereas before I could"
"I am going on a 14 hour plane trip and wanted a sedative. I hate flying especially on LONG flights across the world . I got Ativan.  I took one (.5) before bedtime before I left home to see how it worked and how strong it was.  Sadly I got zip out of it.  I am super sensitive to meds.. I take an aspirin and I know in 5 minutes I am &#039;medicated&#039;. SO I am majorly disappointed. Now I am even more anxious about my trip. ugh."
"I switched to this from Ortho Tri Lo almost a year ago.  I have had crazy mood swings. Seriously, I can be the happiest person in the world one minute, the next I can be super angry or super depressed.  My flow is real light but breakthrough bleeding in between periods have happened more often. "
"I am overjoyed with the effects of this drug. Starting two weeks after my Delzicol treatment began  I became completely symptom free of ulcerative colitis and have stayed that way for over two years."
"I was on birth control for severe acne. My skin did clear up significantly, but I experienced negative side effects. I gained ten pounds in the four weeks I was on the pill, and I also became very depressed. After speaking with my doctor, I stopped taking any form of birth control to let my hormones settle."
"I have found this to be better than ditropan and detrol. I can take it twice a day. It doesn&#039;t seem to give me the dry mouth that ditropan did."
"My physician switch me from Norco 10_325 to Percocet 7.5)325. And it takes the pain away form my osteoarthritis. A lot better then the Norco. But that&#039;s my opinion and everyone reactions different. "
"I started taking cefdinir for a bad sore throat and sinus infection. It helped clear everything. No side effects until now. Headaches, light diarrhea, heartburn."
"Does not have the constipation side effect of nortriptyline, which is a plus if you ask me. With the help of my physician, I have looked for a miracle and the answer came with a combo of amitriptyline-topamax. It is not the ultimate cure (I still get an episode here and there, but hey I can take being sick once a month or month and a half), but in the meantime, no vomiting, no migraine, no &quot;can-someone-hand-me-that-screwdriver&quot; if you know what I mean. It worked for me, hope it helps someone else."
"Treats both the diarrhea and chronic pain that I have from Crohn&#039;s disease. Works great."
"I am 19 years old and I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for about a year now. It is horrible. I have mood swings, I don&#039;t feel like myself, my acne is worse and I have a lowered sex drive. I decided to give it a fair try but am tired of feeling like this. My acne is now cystic and all over my chin and I&#039;m left behind with red marks all over my face. My skin was never like this before taking this. The only reason I&#039;m not giving it a 1 is because it prevented pregnancy like it&#039;s suppose to."
"Major side effects  included sexual and erectile dysfunction, Impotence,"
"I&#039;m 16 and have been on Prozac for about 3 months and I must say that it&#039;s a great antidepressant. There are very few side effects for me including an upset stomach, feeling anxious, and few others which kept improving over time. This medicine really helped me to deal with my depression. Many symptoms like inability to maintain concentration, panic attack, losing control, brain fog, hopelessness, extreme negativism, fear of death improved within 2 weeks and kept improving onwards. I&#039;m still on it and I just love it and I think it can help anyone with depression. With the pace of time, Prozac really helped me stay positive about everything. Sometimes I feel like I have already overcome my depression. It&#039;s really helpful."
"I&#039;ve been taking Taytulla for 4 months now, and from day one it has been great for me. I never had any nausea, but I did notice that I was a little more emotional than usual during the first week or two that I started taking it, but after that everything was perfectly fine. My breasts did increase and size, and my period got much lighter to where I would only spot for one day. Now, I do not have a period at all which I love. In my opinion, this is a great birth control and I&#039;ve recommended it to multiple people who ended up loving it as well. It is all based on your body, and how it reacts with the medication. I&#039;m thankful it worked out great for me!"
"I have been taking Avodart for about a year now, it has improved my night urinating, but I really do not like the decreased sex drive and ability to achieve a full erection and decreased semen output."
"I was diagnosed three years ago with adult ADD (and I&#039;m 46!). First was prescribed Adderall, but I found that even the slow-release capsule wore off quickly, leaving me exhausted and crashing at work, scarfing down cups of coffee. My doctor switched me by Vyvanse, and it&#039;s been much, much better. I am better able to focus, it lasts longer. However, it still doesn&#039;t get me through the whole day and I find I&#039;m extremely tired at night. Also, sometimes I get caught up in the trivial details of both work and home projects. But on the whole, I am FAR better off since I began Vyvanse. I wish that 70mg was not the highest recommended amount, but I stick to it."
"I&#039;m in my late 20&#039;s and tried it for ADHD...all I can say is that it really messed up my sleep. It also severely worsened my depression. It has a long half life. Benefits I did notice is that it seemed that my memory improved somewhat, for example could remember several songs playing in a row, also focus seemed improved. I&#039;m considering adding trazodone in hopes of aboring its negative effect on sleep.  For anyone complaining about blood pressure side effects, lower your dose."
"Newly diagnosed after 7 years of excruciating pain, no energy and brain fog. So after my 2nd day taking this, I have high hopes. I am a little less stiffer in the morning and the rest of the day. Not pain free... yet. I have terrible hot flashes, but me and my fan can deal with that. I am very emotional in a good way. I feel happier than I have in a long time and while someone complained of decreased libido, I have had the opposite occur. My husband of 15 years is very pleased with this medications side effects! At this point I would probably just stay with it for how great it makes me feel emotionally. If it also helps the pain, energy and mental fog in the long run, then this would be a miracle for me and mine!"
"For the purpose of acne, this medicine helped me a lot! But within two months of starting it I gained 10 pounds. I exercise 4-5 times a week and eat well and hadn&#039;t made any changes that would cause weight gain. Nothing I did would get rid of the weight gained, especially around my hips and thighs. It took me a year to realize that this was the problem. I&#039;m 17 now and did swimming in high school and usually lose at least 5- 10 pounds each season, but this year I stayed at a constant 140. Because of this I&#039;m switching. I also got extreme nausea, if I didn&#039;t eat enough food before taking it, or if I took it more than 30 minutes after eating, I would get intense nausea, dry heave twice, and lose my appetite."
"So thankful for this website, it definitely eased my mind prior to the prep and procedure! Overall this experience was pretty easy and pain free. The Suprep was pretty gross (salty, grape flavor) and the 1st bottle is much easier going down then the 2nd. I did throw up with both, but managed to keep most of it down. It worked and worked quickly! Best advice I read was to eat lightly a couple days prior and it made things so much easier and tolerable. Kept plenty of fluids (Gatorade, ginger ale, apple juice) butterscotch candy and chicken broth. As far as procedure, I was beyond nervous and it was complete cake! Staff was great, explained step by step, gave me meds (completely sedated) and next thing I knew it was over and I was awake!"
"I got Nexplanon about 6 months ago and so far it has worked great for me. When I first got it I had a little bit of spotting, but after a while it went away and now I don&#039;t get anything at all. I haven&#039;t had any mood changes like some people have on the implant, and I have noticed no change in weight, in fact it has gone down a bit. Overall, I am very happy with it. I was a little worried before I got it because it seemed like a lot of people had issues with it, but I haven&#039;t experienced anything like that. I will say that I think that&#039;s because I had a very normal, manageable cycle with no hormonal problems before getting it, and I think that if you are someone who does have a lot of issues with your period/hormones it may not work well."
"Couldn&#039;t believe it could be true but it was. Newly diagnosed with fibromyalgia. I read about Mucinex for fibromyalgia; read that it is a muscle relaxant and enhances the analgesic effect of aspirin and Tylenol; and is enhanced by magnesium.  Went out and bought the 800 mg with 2 aspirin and some magnesium citrate, and it worked!  The pain just seems to dissolve away.  I continue to take 800mg (2, 400mg immediate release tablets) with aspirin and magnesium, three times a day, or 1200 mg twice a day. "
"I was rxed the ODT for extreme nausea and vomiting, due to a norovirus. The minty flavor really drove me over the edge, and only made matters worse. Then my doc gave me the regular tablets that you swallow with a tiny bit of water, but it didn&#039;t help at all, either. I remember being awed by the knowledge that they give this med to sick cancer patients, when it is so horribly ineffective. 
  Evidently, it does work like gangbusters for some people, but I&#039;m not one of them."
"I have had fibromyalgia for over 15 years.  When my muscles feel extremely &quot;tight&quot;``I definitely hurt more.  Thank God for Flexeril!  I take 10 mg before bed and this helps me to sleep and feel less muscle pain.  I tried to live without this medicine for 1 week and my pain level went up considerably and much more muscle spasms and tightness.  I do have a dry mouth especially after I wake up.  I do work night shifts as a nurse...this helps me to get better sleep in turn making me feel better after I get up. "
"I started out on 5 mg, 3 times day and am now at 10 mg 3-4 times a day. I&#039;ve experienced no side effects. I do feel less anxiety (constant worry, easily irritated), but feel it come back about 5 hours later. It has taken the edge off of social anxiety but has taken about 2 months to get there. It is a mild anti anxiety med. It doesn&#039;t make you feel drugged or spaced out. It helps to give you the ability to stop the anxious thoughts but doesn&#039;t seem to do it all for you. I have ADD as well and take Wellbutrin along with Buspar. I have taken Lexapro and although it does wonders for anxiety it also caused me to feel a bit manic over time. Lexapro also wiped out my memory. I have a grandson now and I want to remember and be at my best for him."
"Fantastic! No bloating or weight gain!! Yippee!!! Hot flashes are gone, helped the first week, would have a few here and their but they were mild and by the second month- they are totally gone and sleeping so much better- the feeling of anxiety is gone- life grand again! 
Immmmmm soooo happy!"
"In 1983, I had a T5-L3 spinal fusion because of scoliosis.  In 2007, I was hit by a drunk driver; after 10 months of rehab I was finally able to go back to work but in 2010 my back and neck pain started getting worse &amp; worse until in April 2011 I could not work anymore.  After doing additional testing, we found that along with severe multi-level degenerative joint disease, 4 of the 10 fusion levels had been broken.  I am still awaiting surgery (insurance problems) and have been using fentanyl patches with Percocet for breakthrough pain for about 7 months.  It has worked very well until recently.  I have not had any severe itching like I did with other meds.  I do take Colace (stool softener) daily and occasionally laxatives."
"I experienced the same MAJOR discomfort as most about 2 hours after inserting the ovule. It was really uncomfortable for about 3 hours. I had to lay on my bed and basically not move for that time but after that the itching and burning subsided and I feel great now."
"I got my first Implanon (Nexplanon) in September 2011. At first, I had irregular spotting, no cramps or mood swings. After a few months the spotting slowed to a halt.  I got the Nexplanon replacement in 2014 and after a year, I have only had one spotting occurrence. This amazing! I am so unbelievably satisfied with this product that I cannot imagine the day I try to get pregnant and have to go without it."
"I have a very bad migraine since one year .. And i went through many medication and tried heaps of tablets but non of then work .. And then finally my GP PRESCRIBED me with MAXALT and guess what! As soon as i put it in my tounge i felt the sense of releif and after half n hour my pain is totally gone ...WHAT A GREAT FEELINGS .. Just amazing .."
"I had been on 5-ASAs (4g per os + 4g enema) for a while and could not improve my symptoms. Humira induced clinical remission almost immediately after the first loading dose (160 mg). I hope it stays this way!"
"This medication has changed my life. I was prescribed Adderall due to ADHD and chronic fatigue and it has greatly improved my quality of life in regards to both diagnosis. I am on a very small dose and have room to take more on particularly bad days, but 10mg on a regular, daily basis is the perfect amount for me."
"All that I can say is that it has done nothing but good for me"
"Been on Celexa now for a month at 10mg daily.  So far so good. I feel a lot better and a lot more relaxed and calm. No panic attacks or anything like that. It&#039;s been great. Going to doctor in a couple weeks for follow up appointment. Going to see if I can start on 20mg. I feel that will even work better."
"My ankles and hands swelled up so badly while on Lyrica.  I also had a bad cough.  I gained 15 pounds on it, this all resolved after it was tot rated down."
"I am 19 years old and dealing with my first YI. I went to the doctor today thinking I had a UTI and when the screening came up negative they had to open me up and check for STD&#039;s and a YI (traumatic). I discovered that I had a YI and had been experiencing symptoms for a week. I was laying in bed and around 11 i decided to  get monistat. I went home and by 11:20 I inserted the bead. I then went to bed and began to read reviews. I saw that most of the users of this product had terrible burning that would bring them to tears. I was  freaked out bc i have very sensitive skin and was bracing myself for the awful experience. I woke up in the morning and had no burning, no swelling, and no side effects. maybe I am lucky but this worked 4 me"
"Absolutely amazing! I was out after two seconds and woke up to a nice pleasant feeling that lingered for about 15 minutes. The dizziness lingered throughout the day so listen when they say not to drive for up to 12 hours. I was able to drive with no problem after about 10 hours.

Great anesthesia!"
"Serious reaction to this - vomiting and itchy skin."
"I&#039;m a full-time athlete, never really struggled with acne but wanted to experience a birth control as my periods were irregular which disrupted my trainings and travel. I&#039;ve never really suffered from acne in my life but the first month being on Yaz I had experienced the most pimples I&#039;ve ever had. Now I&#039;m left with scars. Now onto my second month I am seeing slow improvement, still getting a few pimples. I have put on 2kg which I&#039;m not completely sure if it&#039;s been this pill or that I have increased my weights by a great margin..My boobs have also seen a significant increase in size.In the last month I have experienced,migraines,headaches,nausea. Not sure how this pill is going to play out but if no improvement is seen after 3 mnths im out"
"Restasis works for my sjogrens dry eye, however, the new multi dose bottle does not last 30 days!  I barely got 20 days out of it.  I called the company and was given a one time new bottle at no charge.  I am trying it again, however, I continually have problems getting a consistent dose from the bottle.  This is a horrible design and needs improvement.  the 1/10 rating is for the design of the multi dose restasis bottle, not the vials or the medication itself."
"I&#039;ve been bleeding for three weeks."
"Does what it&#039;s supposed to do, but don&#039;t stop taking it cold turkey. You definitely need to ween yourself off if you&#039;ve been taking it for awhile."
"I have to admit it was kind of hilarious and daunting at the same time when I read the reviews on this site- I had just taken 2 pills, and after reading about all the suffering that everyone (or most people) had endured, I was afraid the same was going to happen to me. But in fact, I had the complete opposite experience- absolutely no change whatsoever! The pills didn&#039;t work- took them at 7pm the day before, farted a lot since then, but woke up next morning with no effect and still constipated. God only knows what the issue is... Anyway, I&#039;m giving it a 1 rating because it was ineffective as opposed to too effective, although I may be one in a million"
"Started taking Cipro for UTI two days ago, 2 x 500mg per day.  Side effects include headache that won&#039;t go away. Tingling, burning sensation, - couldn&#039;t sleep 2nd night and had to take a PM tylenol for headache and sleep. It worked.  I have call into Dr. for next steps."
"I got it  a year ago today and for almost a month I was spotting/bleeding after the insertion. Than I didn&#039;t bleed for months, Which was awesome! No weight gain or any crazy side affects at all! I did randomly spot months later .. But than no bleeding again!  . But December I got a period for about 2 weeks .. Then two days ago I&#039;m bleeding again( like not even 2 weeks after my December bleeding )  .. Is this normal ?? will it stop??"
"Stopped my period after the first pack and then after a month after not taking anything. Never experienced that with other birth control pills. Not going to take them again. The doctor no nothing about the pills they prescribed. Disappointed."
"On day 6, I noticed a little more room in my belt and decided to weigh a day early - 194.5lbs down to 187lbs. I&#039;ve lost 55 pounds from my tubbiest in 2003 (about 20 of that was water weight when I got my pacemaker replaced) but hit a plateau around 195lbs for the last 6 months. My goal is 170lbs by year end. My trepidation about being a guinea pig for a new medicine is more than balanced by the ease and amount of the result. I&#039;m expecting further improvement in backache and joint pain as my weight continues to drop.
Now on day 14 at 184 pounds, I&#039;ve lost 10 pounds, twice my stretch goal, and feel great.  This is too easy!"
"I smoked for more than forty years. I try every thing on the market to stop smoking. Finally my doctor prescribed Chantix. I took Chantix and set a date to quick. After two weeks of taking Chantix, I was free of smoking and have not smoked for almost six years."
"Knocked out my headache very quickly.  I did have a few side effects such as stiff neck and overall quesyness and heartburn.  The side affects didn&#039;t last more than an hour or so, but the headache was gone and I was happy.  As with any medication I will try and &quot;ride out&quot; the headache to avoid taking medication, but I will keep this one around."
"I was first prescribed Lyrica to replace Remeron and my Psych Dr started me on 150mg at night.  After four days I had an epileptic seizure at around 5pm.  I am a diabetic T1 and have had 5 seizures when hypoglycaemic, this time I was low but not low enough to cause the seizure.  Clearly, I stopped the Lyrica over a 3 week period.  My new Psych suggest taking it again but at 50mg 2x a day then 75mg 2x a day - all ok up to increasing the dosage to 75mg 3x a day for GAD.  about 10 days after increasing the dosage I was much less subject to GAD but my ulnar nerve function in my left hand basically stopped sending and receiving sensor and motor signals past my elbow.  My Neurologist did an EMG test of the hand and my little finger had lost 80% "
"lOVE IT- IT REALLY HAS CHANGED MY LIFE."
"ZALDIAR- 37.5 mg tramadol/ 325mg paracetamol -tablets were prescribed to me every 4-6 hours for chronic pain following a severe leg infection and ulceration that wouldn&#039;t heal. I tried other over the counter pills including paracetamol, but couldn&#039;t sleep at night or concentrate on anything with the pain. ZALDIAR has been great - provided you don&#039;t forget to take it. If you do the pain comes back very quickly. Side effects so far - very dry, horrible tasting mouth, loss of appetite (a good thing) and feel a little confused at times and forgetful (maybe that&#039;s just age) and a little nausea. Feel so much better now pain is under control - thanks to those who invented tramadol."
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 10 years ago and have watched in horror as the pain has increased each year. I have tried antidepressants with no help. I have tried NSAIDS with no help, including prescription. All of them.  I have tried Vicodin with limited help. Cymbalta helped a little, but made me gain weight. I am currently reconsidering it. As for Lyrica, I started this about 6 months ago and for the first 2 months it was a MIRACLE; however, it was short lived. Once my body gets used to taking a medication, the benefits begin to decrease, eventually dwindling to nothing. Lyrica has been no exception. As for side effects, have weight gain."
"I have been taking this pill for 3 months and it has been great so far. My periods are lighter and I hardly have any cramping, when before they were horrible. (Really!) It has made me less moody during my periods, which my boyfriend finds amazing and it has also made the sex better in our relationship. Besides the slight weight gain, this pill has been exceptionally good to me and will continue to take it."
"I am using this medicine since June 2015 and it&#039;s really helped to clear my face, this medicine has been the last choice after using many other solutions for acne but none of them solved my problem . I was afraid to take Accutane  because of  it&#039;s side effects but it dose worth to take it ."
"First timer here.  Like a comment above, I&#039;m 54 and doing this for the first time.  My anticipation (and fear) about this was completely unfounded.  I expected a most vile drink and explosive diarrhea for hours.  Got my slices of lime (suggested somewhere to get the taste out of my mouth), flushable baby wipes, and charged my cell phone to have something to do).  The taste was bad, but so is taking shots of Tequila!  Drank the other two 16 oz glasses of water within 10 minutes.  In about 20 minutes, it started.  I was only on the toilet for about 45 minutes and went back every 20 minutes.  It was pretty much over in 2 1/2 hours.  And, unlike being really sick, it wasn&#039;t that bad.  Round two was less of an event!"
"I started this medicine almost 2 weeks ago. I don&#039;t feel as depressed but I feel most days that I&#039;m walking around with my head in a fog. Some stomach issues but nothing major(mostly gas). I will give it a few more weeks but after reading some of the people&#039;s comments may stay at 20mg until I see my doctor again."
"I&#039;m 22 and thought this would help with my OAB. Instead it made me insanely nauseous and I couldn&#039;t stop throwing up. Really disappointed, I&#039;m sure it works differently for everyone."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from 24/7 muscle pain (chronic upper body tension, spasms, muscle pain, headaches, etc.) everyday for 8 years.  I started Lyrica 3 weeks ago at 50 mg 2x a day.  Other than a little fuzzy fibro brain, which is not uncommon for me, I&#039;ve had no major side effects at all.  I bumped it up to 50 mg in the a.m.  At the 2 week mark, I wasn&#039;t feeling much better, so I bumped the dose another 25 mg a day in the a.m. for a total of 75 mg a day.  Oh my God ... I haven&#039;t felt this good in years!!  it&#039;s been about a week now, and I don&#039;t want to jinx it, but, honestly, Lyrica is life-changing for me ... and I haven&#039;t gained a single pound!"
"When it works, it works well with no next day grogginess.  I am a long time user, beginning in 2001.  I have pretty much stopped, after using it every night for 9 years.  I have tried Lunesta and I sleep two hours even with double dose.  Rozerem had no effect.  I may be trying Seroquel next.  I had night-time events with no memory of them. I typically had one event every few months, but some were potentially deadly.  Yes, I too cooked all the time with no memory of it.  I would wake up and crack eggs in the sink and food on the table.  I also (VERY IMPORTANT), would go on line, send e mail that was highly damaging and/or embarrassing and have no memory of doing it until I got responses. ALSO NIGHT DRIVING WITH NO MEMORY of the event."
"I&#039;m on my second week. I have had a headache for the first week and there is times my heart speeds up. I&#039;m now doing 1 in morning and 1 night this was my first night and I couldn&#039;t stay asleep and don&#039;t feel rested and I&#039;m sleepy but can&#039;t sleep. Not sure how I feel about this. I have a Co worker on it to and when she got to a full month she was unable to pee had to revive meds and she is back to 1 pill a day.."
"Aside from a slight decrease in circulation, cold feet/hands occasionally... Propranolol has significantly enhanced my quality of life."
"I was an opiate addict for 24 years been clean for a year. I have always had trouble with constipation. I was taking OTC stool softeners when I&#039;d go 4 or 5 days without going. I would be in so much pain I would literally put a glove  on with vaseline and DIG it out. Movantik has been a lifesaver I take 1 every night have coffee in morning and go. Little cramping first couple days but no withdrawals or nausea. I have lost 14 pounds in a month as well. Very happy."
"I suffer from paresthesia in both arms, sciatica and anxiety/PTSD. I am currently taking 1500mg gabapentin/day. Results have been amazing. Numbness and tingling in arms reduced by 70%, sciatica pain gone and as a bonus, the sedating effects are incredibly effective for my anxiety. Also has improved the quality and quantity of my sleep. The biggest side effect which if gets worst I will discontinue gabapentin is the weight gain. I gained 15 pounds in 8 weeks. Slight blurry vision. Great medicine overall with some mitigating side effects."
"This was the most terrible thing I&#039;ve ever had to try and drink. It made me very nauseous. I violently vomited up the whole first bottle mixed with water after trying very hard to drink it. After that, every time I would try and take a swallow I would throw up. Luckily the on call MD gave me an anti-emetic for nausea and another prep called Prepopik. It was the best and tasted like Tang. Worked like a charm. I will never ever try Suprep again. It tasted like a horrible cough syrup. Just could not keep it down no matter how hard I tried."
"I&#039;ve been on Junel Fe 24 going on 3 months and I can&#039;t wait to go off of it. I have very painful periods and I wanted to go back on birth control after being off for 2 years (previously on Lo Loestrin and it was great). My first couple weeks taking it I was nauseous on and off. I had my first period during the iron pills like I should, but then I had it again 2 weeks later for over a week. During my periods I  had a few days of cramping but not as bad as I had before (the only good part). I&#039;m 24 yo and my sex drive is nonexistent, that&#039;s the main reason I need to switch. I&#039;m also get very sad and emotional over nothing. I tried to give it a chance and tough it out hoping it would get better but it&#039;s not. I&#039;m switching asap."
"I started taking Effexor following an unexpected divorce that left me feeling a significant grief and anxiety for my children&#039;s future. I never had suicidal thoughts before, during or after taking this drug.  I took it for 2 years and I don&#039;t know if it helped me, or if it was the meditation (Qigong)  or acceptance and reflection.

Some side effects included increased libido, occasional little spasms of the diaphragm muscle (at the base of the lungs), and strange and vivid dreams.  Missing only one dose sent me into what is known as &quot;brain zaps&quot;, and feels just like electrical zaps in the brain, together with sensory dissociation. This is the main reason I was afraid to stop taking it."
"63 yr old woman, early onset Alzheimer&#039;s diagnosed July 2013. Prescribed Aricept 5 mg and Namenda. Found Namenda made me agitated and angry so quit. 10 mg Aricept and serious side effects. While waiting for new doctor to take over past neurologist&#039;s care, have adjusted meds myself to keep the memory help - which is astounding - and lessens side effects which includes severe muscle cramps in legs, water retention, ankle and hand swelling, back pain,  increased blood pressure, heart palpitations. I now take 1/2 of the 5 mg tablet in morning and am still retaining benefits with reduced side effects. Aricept restored my ability to read and gave me energy and focus I have not had in 3 years. Lower dose on most meds always works better for me."
"Effective prevention of seizures, but I only had two episodes 16 months apart started at age 57.  Started at 25mg twice a day, increased to 50mg.  Was prescribed to go up to 100mg but requested to stay on the 50mg as I had no episodes and didn&#039;t like the effect it had on me.  I am now used to it but it makes me drowsy.
Big downside is I have just found out that I have osteoporosis and it appears that zonegran is contributing to accelerated leeching of my bones.  Will be discussing with neurologist in a couple of weeks."
"I tried taking Seroquel when I was a teenager. Everytime I took it it would knock me out &amp; I would sleep the whole day away. Needless to say, I wasn&#039;t on it for very long."
"Update from my comments in July 11.  I have since been bumped up to 10 mcg and it seems to be handling the pain very well.  I am starting to experience the patch seems to lose strength at about day 5 (that is why the Doc) bumped me up to 10 mcg.  Might have to pay another visit to see about 20 mcg.  Have most of the same symptoms as everyone else...extreme itching at sites, etc.  BUT, I am still very pleased with the results of the patch as opposed to taking multiple pills."
"I will never  take that drug again after 5 days i turned  into someone  i didnt know  i hated everything and everyone i wanted  to die forget it"
"I have suffered nearly every side effect possible from Jolessa. I am 23 and my acne is now worse than it was during high school, and that is with daily acne medication! I have some days with no appetite, and other days where I throw up every time I eat. I have light to heavy bleeding every day, and cramping at least every few days. I also have really bad vaginal pain and itching. If having your period 4 times a year apparently doesn&#039;t harm your body, I don&#039;t know how this is supposed to be normal. Switching as soon as possible."
"I have been on Alesse for 6 years now and I have never had any issues. No cramping, no acne, no weight gain. I highly recommend this birth control.

24 yr old"
"I would give this medicine 20 stars if I could. Finally a time release version of hydrocodone without any acetaminophen. I have been taking Norco 10/325 for a little over a year and it was starting to have little to no effect for my chronic back pain. I was always in constant fear about getting jumped up to oxycodone due to the Norcos not working anymore but then Zohydro comes along and changes the game! No side effects whatsoever for me and I&#039;m getting a good 12 hrs of pain relief per dose! Another positive note is that I&#039;m only taking 2 pills per day rather than taking 4-5 Norcos, and with the absence of acetaminophen I don&#039;t have to worry about damage to my liver anymore. THANK YOU ZO-HYDRO!"
"Took them a week before a 10 day trip to Ghana and continued the 4 weeks after. 
Noticed a slight dizzy feeling but more like a mellow buzz as If I&#039;ve had a gin &amp; tonic the day after which seemed to come and stay a few days after the weekly dose.
Did not notice anything else and the other side effects I have had with Malarone and Doxycyline (Fatigue, headaches and slight nausea) were not present at all.

No strange dreams of vertigo as may others have described."
"I used to take Flexeril for back pain until I found a doctor who thinks outside the box. He prescribed this to me and it&#039;s been wonderful! No bad side effects, a little tiredness in the beginning, but other then that nothing. Takes the spasms away. Almost a miracle drug for me! I take 500 mg 3x a day."
"When my UC symptoms are flaring up a lot it does nothing. When I&#039;m on it after a flare up it still does nothing and I still flare up."
"Very nice"
"I agree with all reviews of people saying that it made the problem worse!!! Had not even read reviews when i decided to look up symptoms and sure enough it is a true statement that it makes the problem WORSE!  One of the symptoms is also leg and thigh pain and that has almost gone away.  Only happened at night while sleeping!! ALSO and more importantly rose my blood pressure on 25 mgs. once a day.  Certainly had no quality of life! Expensive, but i truly thought it would solve the problem.  VERY ineffective drug with severe side effects!!!!!!!!!"
"I do have to sleep after taking the regular one but it works the best."
"I had a period every week for 4 months and at first tried Tri-Nessa and that did nothing. A friend recommended Nora-Be and I am so glad she did. I have irregular bleeding once a month now and it&#039;s so much better. No cramps and no pain. Love it!"
"I was on Paxil which killed my sex drive. My sex drive on Wellbutrin is insane. My husband is a very happy man."
"I have been on it for a little over 1 year and feel it has worked wonders for me."
"I&#039;ve been on Zoloft since I was 21 and I&#039;m now 31. One day I woke up with intense crying, depression, anxiety , fear of family and friends dying and self harm . My personality is one of a very happy go lucky girl and I refused to live with this nightmare. So my doctor put me on 50mg Zoloft. It took about a month for it to work and I had the tiredness, yawning , feeling completely out of it , to waking up and feeling amazing . I have tried to come off Zoloft throughout the years and man the side affects suck ! Intense anxiety, feels like your brain is exploding and vertigo. If you do decide to come off make sure you&#039;re under the supervision of your doctor. To this day zoloft has helped me and I will be on this for the rest of my life."
"I have taken Ambien (10mg) on several occasions for short periods of time and it worked just fine (knocked me out in 20min and gave me 5 to 6 hours of sleep). But, my doctor recently added Ambien CR to my nightly cocktail and it has not worked like the doctor or the website said it would. I have been taking it for a week. I expected it to knock me out and keep me asleep. I have done everything like I have been told to do and have been taking it before bed and all it has been doing is taking 3 to 4 hours to knock me out and makes me totally loopy in the morning. The effect is basically lengthened and delayed. I am hoping to switch back to original Ambien  formula when I see the doctor next month!"
"My problem with this birth control is the side effects. I have times when I get depressed, I had mood swings, felt like throwing up and even when I didn&#039;t even eat I gained about 15lbs. Oh yea and worse of all it made me bleed alot. I don&#039;t mean heavy bleeding. I mean it made my periods longer than before when I was taking it. I read a lot of reviews saying the same thing but tried it anyway.  The worst was I had a period that last a whole month one time. My doctor put me on seasonique to see it that would help better"
"This is my third diverticulitis event in 9 years, and each time I have been treated with Cipro and Flagyl, but I do not remember feeling so awful the first two times, nor do I remember the horrifically bad taste of the metronidazole (flagyl.) I can hardly get it down and after I do the horrible taste in my mouth is beyond description. I have resorted to immediately grabbing a lollipop to coat my mouth and pharynx with the sweet sugary taste, which actually does help. On top of that I am nauseated, dizzy, have a foggy brain, and nothing tastes normal or good, not even water. I am thankful for the improvement in the abdominal pain, as that shows that the horrid stuff is working, but dang, can&#039;t they put it in a capsule?"
"I got put on Taytulla because my body is sensitive to hormones. I&rsquo;ve always had problems being on birth control with bad mood swings and depression. My doctor recommend this to me because it&rsquo;s a low dose.  I&rsquo;m on my 3rd pack right now the first month I broke out on my face really bad but it cleared up on the second pack! It completely stopped my period I have no PMS symptoms at all! I take my pill everyday at the same time I took a test just to make sure I&rsquo;m not pregnant! I did gain a few pounds nothing too major Other than that I love this birth control!"
"I had results taking phentermine; I immediately had energy and felt like my old self again, as I had been recuperating from a joint replacement and had put on nearly 25 lbs!  The weight came off slowly, about 2-3 lbs a week at first. By the 5th-6th week, I noticed I had lost 12 pounds. I&#039;m now into my 8th week and have lost a total of 17 lbs. I really feel phentermine boosted my metabolism, which has always been slow, as well, as I have not been able to do much exercising due to the surgery. Hopefully I can continue taking phentermine so I can reach my goal to lose 30 lbs."
"Medication did not keep me asleep. No trouble falling asleep, but awoke only a few hours later. Extreme exacerbation of depression occurred. Loss of appetite, loss of taste, olfactory hallucinations ( the smell of burning cigars?), occurred no explanation given. Only used the drug 2 nights but these experiences frightened me I will not use again."
"I got this a week ago from my doctor, I&#039;ve been having severe back pain and shooting pain. In the past I&#039;ve tried everything pain killers, lido patches, steroid injections, physical therapy. I put on 2 grams of the gel and the agonizing ache that I&#039;ve had was gone in no more than 30 seconds. I still get the shooting pain but that&#039;s a nerve issue. I really, really love this gel."
"I took 30 mg Tremazepam every night for several years. It really worked for me. I had a long history of sleeping only a few hours then waking up and not falling back to sleep. This drug put me pleasantly to sleep, and I would sleep 7-9 hours.  Sometimes I was groggy in the morning for a while.  Then my MD took me off the medication because if is meant for only a short time use. I was able to get off with no withdrawal in three weeks.  Now, I am back to waking up after several hours sleep and staying awake for several hours before falling back to sleep.   I limit my use of this drug to twice a week now. It still works, but I won&#039;t take it every night.  I don&#039;t think my MD will write another RX for it, so I&#039;m rationing what I have left"
"Worked well for GERD but could not continue to take it.  After about a week .. I got diarrhea what would not stop.  Even had a few accidents upon sneezing.  Other PPI&#039;s did not do this ... and cost much less.   No thank you."
"I started taking oxazepam 15 mg at bedtime as needed for anxiety in December. It has really helped me and I have not experienced any side effects at all. It calms you down, you&#039;re able to function daily, and also get a good nights sleep."
"It came out"
"I take generic Cymbalta and have for 2 years. One day it just sucked, I was like really down, depressed and living like a hermit. I have been taking 10 milligrams of Abilify on top of the cymbalta 60 milligrams and so far I actually feel normal for the first time in my life. I am now smiling and going out , looking forward to fresh air and conversation again. Thank you Abilify, I am now getting back to life."
"I have been on Cymbalta 30mg for just under 2 weeks. After the first 3 days I started feeling a lot better. It was slightly scary actually to go from feeling like your world is imploding to feeling like you want to smell and see every flower on the planet. It happened so fast. Yes there were a lot of initial side effects from getting used to the medicine. I had the shakes, weird slowing down, odd feelings, nausea, etc. but I am doing very well on it. I went on diet again having gained 25kg from being in Lexapro and Seroquel for over a 18 months. But I now have a low dose of Seroquel every night and Cymbalta every morning and I am back to feeling great. "
"Excess facial hair has always been a problem for me as well as abnormally heavy periods. For the first time in my life I don&#039;t have to worry about waking up with dark hairs sprouting out of my chin... three months ago, before taking this pill, I was plucking / waxing every day, and now my upper lip and chin hair has been reduced by 90%.
I am 30 years old.
Anyone else have this experience? OC&#039;s are not a common treatment for excess hair and I&#039;m wondering why, because this has been a life changing experience for me. I don&#039;t think I am imagining things. I went from plucking at least once a day to a couple of times a week.
Thanks for reading."
"I&#039;m 35, mom of 2. I had acne as a teen, and accutane cleared it up. Then didn&#039;t have any issues with acne in my 20&#039;s. It progressively worse after I had my second child. Spiro didn&#039;t help. I finally decided to get back on BC to see if that would. I started taking beyaz 3 weeks ago. I noticed my skin was less oily the 1st week. 2nd week I noticed there were no new pimples (where there would usually a new one or more daily!), and now in the 3rd week, my skin is glowing. Like, actually, pretty. It&#039;s not been this clear in years. I&#039;ve not had any of the typical side effects so far (no nausea, weight gain, or reduced sex drive). So far I love it! Give this a try if you&#039;re struggling with adult acne!"
"I am so happy that I got this! I was nervous and first and had a list of questions for my doctor. They numbed my arm and it burned for maybe 5 seconds. Insertion of the actual Implanon was completely painless. I never got the bruise that the doctor warned me about and that I have read is normal. No pain other than the first couple days and no spotting. I had it put in the week after my period and I haven&#039;t had one since. No cramping or PMS either! I had a couple of headaches for the first day or so. I would highly recommend it to anyone who can&#039;t remember to take a pill everyday!"
"All I have to say is Wow! this is like taking Red Bull as an anti-depressant. So far so good, I just hope this feeling lasts and side effects do not kick in."
"I have been taking the general medication not the brand name for about 3 months now and after a couple of weeks I would be in a good mood and the little things that would annoy me wouldn&#039;t anymore. I wanted to do things and not just be home all the time. But recently I have relapsed and went up on my dose from 300mg to 450mg and still feel depressed. I don&#039;t know if my body is just tolerating it or what but I hope my depression improves."
"I have been on the 7.5 for 2 weeks now and have found it really doesn&#039;t control my hunger pangs. :("
"I have been using B-12 inject for close to twenty years. I suffer from thyroid problems and am currently treaded with pills. I  also have goiter,  fibromyaliga, RHA, osteo being tested for kupus (which is almost a yes for sure) panic disorder chronic. and several other minor thing. My body is in daily pain. I use 1500 cc of b12. this aides in pain relief. as well as mood enhancer also puts u down when ur too highly strung. It also keeps ur skin so pretty. I go weeks when sometimes I forget to take it and  my body to screams  &quot;please get me  the b12.&quot; it seems to run ur nervous system. and pain. I take this to ease some parts of pain for what it works on. When the weather is nice 1000 cc a month. it seems to be keeping me normal. love it...."
"Took a while for it to start treating my depression, about 3 months to start feeling even remotely better and 6 months to a year to feel the full effects. At first, the medicine made me yawn a lot and almost made me feel more depressed (probably because it didn&#039;t start working as immediately as I had hoped). Gradually went up from 20mg to 30mg after 6 months and then went up to 40mg after about a year. I have now been on Celexa for 2 years and on the 40mg dose for about 1 year. This medication has honestly saved my life! I probably wouldn&#039;t be here without it. Before Celexa, most of my days were bad days and now I am finally enjoying my life again. I highly recommend Celexa. Don&#039;t be discouraged if it doesn&#039;t start working right away."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for one week so far, it has no effect on my appetite. In fact I feel like I am MORE hungry"
"I could not be without Pro-Air. I take it with me everywhere I go, it works very fast and is a lot less expensive than my other inhalers."
"Norco is 100% the worst pain medicine out there. Did not reduce my pain the slightest and made me so nauseous. This stuff should not be legal."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for almost a year and have had absolutely no issues. No acne, no nausea, no weight gain, no mood swings. Works for me"
"I have been on Prozac over many years. It has helped me with major depression, social anxiety, eating disorder... I would not want to live without it ever again."
"It has been three weeks and I am down 8 pounds. I wish I knew about Belviq sooner. I feel better overall and my attitude towards food has changed. I eat much smaller portions because I feel full very quickly. I can&#039;t wait to continue this journey!"
"1st Botox shots 11/2015. Wasn&#039;t able to get another tx until 10 days ago. The 1st time it was great! Migraines down to about 2/mo. Loved it! This time the day after I woke w/back of neck very painful. Worse was pain in the back of head. Felt like hit w/a 2x4. Very bad headache too. It was horrible. I get pain med for other issues &amp; it did nothing. Head swolIen, tight glasses. Some pain in my L shoulder down arm. It asted 5 days, in bed w/heating pad. 7th day worst pain gone but need hand under chin or on back of head to control head movement due to weak neck. Don&#039;t wake w/neck pain, but it starts after moving a bit. If I&#039;m on my feet, dizzy. Weak jaws when eating or drinking. Head turns only 2&quot; to L or R side. Weak upper arms. Never again."
"I&#039;ve had Skyla for 5 months now. Insertion was nowhere near as painful as I expected, just felt like a sharp cramp. However, bad cramping started the next day and did not stop until I got my period a month later. My first two periods were very painful, but after that very manageable. I never experience random cramping and very rarely experience random light bleeding. I can&#039;t feel it at all and notice no hormonal changes to my body which is rare for me, as I am very sensitive to hormones. I had to come off the pill because I was constantly emotional, tired &amp; nauseous. I haven&#039;t gained any weight with Skyla either. I feel much more in control of my life with this IUD and would recommend it to anyone willing to stick the 1st month cramps out."
"My doctor prescribed me Loestrin 24 Fe due to long periods and painful periods each month, it worked well with my period. Lasts 4 or 5 days it is really light but it gave me a bacterial infection, close to yeast infection and bad acne and even though I took the pills correctly I bleed on them all the time. So my doctor gave Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. I took my first pill today so hopefully it works way better than Loestrin."
"Hi I just got the highest dose of Botox in my bladder 6 days ago it hasn&#039;t started working yet! Can anyone say how long till they felt better? I have severe over active bladder no meds worked and I&#039;m so desperate. I&#039;m 38"
"Had bronchitis for maybe 2 weeks. At first I thought it was a cold or maybe an allergy. My temp started to move up to 99.6, and then 100+ and finally like 101.7. But the cough was the worst. The weirdest cough I ever had, deep, loud coughs and I&#039;d cough for like 30sec+ or cough and sneeze at the same time. Could not lie down at all or I&#039;d begin coughing (but I&#039;d cough anyway). The doc prescribed Z-pak. About 4 hours after I took it, I could tell the symptoms improving. My temp improved, the cough subsided, too. This is my second day. For me there are no side effects."
"I had an unexpected medical issue and was initially prescribed Buspirone to help deal with the ensuing depression. It took so long to kick in that all the other medicines I was taking made me suicidal. I talked to my doc who recommended a relatively new antidepressant called Pristiq. From the moment I started taking it my life changed for the better, no more suicidal thoughts, my days returned to normal. I took it for six months until I felt I no longer needed it. I reduced my dosage as directed and weaned myself off it. There were a few brain zaps as the dosage decreased, but once I understood what was going on everything was fine. The only downside I can think of was a decreased sexual drive, but with a great partner we worked our way through It."
"So much horrible information in the comment section, my god, no wonder everyone is a mess! First off, Suboxone should NOT be used LONG TERM, thats just wasted money in Big Pharmas pocket. Secondly, normal opiate withdrawls (PAWS) is only 3 to 7 days (I&#039;ve never had more than 4), medicine like oxycodone has a SUPER SHORT half life and is out of your body quickly. The issue is that you brain needs time to rebalance itself so you become hypersensitive with the flood of chemicals as they try to even out. Suboxone has a 36hr half life give or take so a day after you take it plus some added time, its still in your system. Suboxone should be taken for 4 or 5 days tops, that will have it in your system up to the 7 day point. Thats all you need."
"I had a robotic radical prostatectomy four and a half years ago.  I started off with Cialis and Viagra therapy which helped me regain erections, but I had noticed some shrinkage as a result of the surgery and recovery, possibly.  My ED urologist gave me some samples of Stendra when it became available, and I found that it not only works faster, as fast as 6 minutes, but it gives me an erection that is perhaps as large as when I was younger."
"Definitely recommend Retin-A Tretinoin cream for aging skin, firstly recommend to use low-tretinoin consistency 0.025% and after go deeper with 0.05% and 0.1% creams and gels. My skin became more youthful, without pigmentation, brighter, wrinkles and fine lines became less visible and its only within first 2 months of usage, i&#039;m pretty impressed!
Thanks okdermo.com!
Will use it all my life, would recommend it to everyone who have signs of aging, wrinkles, color fading, discoloration etc problems.
Angela"
"I&#039;ve been on Wellbutrin for about a month and a half. I started with 200mg/day for the first month and my doctor just raised it to 300mg/day. The only good thing I can say is that it&#039;s completely killed my appetite which I don&#039;t mind because I needed to lose weight anyway. I&#039;ve experienced the heightened senses that I&#039;ve read about. I&#039;m also having problems sleeping. So far, there has only been one day where I felt truly happy. The rest of the time I&#039;m either at the same hopeless and depressed point I was at before I started taking the pills or I&#039;m somewhere in between completely hopeless and just mediocre.  I&#039;ll give it a little while longer because I know these things take time, but so far it&#039;s useless as far as helping me with my depression."
"I Took just one tablet, i was rushed to hospital I could not even pick my hand up. Sadly someone gave me a 2nd dose in hospital the next day, 20 mins later I went into.. ANAPHYLAXIS SHOCK .. I had 8 Drs round my bed doing so many things. Thank GOD for those  8 Drs ACTING so FAST. Had I not been in hospital that day. I would not be here now to tell my Story. I was told is was a very close call even though I was in hospital.
This was a truly Terrifying thing to happen. I am now so scared to take any antibiotic.
18.3.2016"
"I  have Peroneus Brevis Tendonitits and was prescribed Voltarin for 21 days, 4 times per day, with icing.  I felt minimal improvement for the first ten days, then nothing further.  A month after starting the treatment, my foot is in no better condition than it was when I started."
"I have severe Delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS) and insomnia.  Belsomra does not help me with sleep onset. I get maybe 4 hours light sleep when I use 20 mg."
"I  had chronic severe migraines almost daily for 25 years.  Some things have sort of worked; most not.  Botox  made an enormous difference in my headaches.  I have been using Migranal for breakthrough headaches and life is very much better. This year, Migranal, nor its generic (which are made by the same company??), are covered under my insurance.  I have Medicare, and I receive Social Security Disability.  The generic cost is more than my whole SSD check.  MY neurologist and pharmacists are out of suggestions.  They say maybe I can ask for Patient Assistance Coverage, which almost always is only given to people who already have some kind of drug coverage. Or maybe the doctor can give me samples.  I am horrified."
"My 7 year old daughter is severe ADHD.  Prior to Dyanavel XR, our best experience was with 30 mg of adderall XR.  But that had a profound effect on her appetite and ability to interact with other people.  We tried concerta which left her very defiant, Focalin and Vyvance were completely ineffective.  We tried Dyanavel for the first time one months ago.  I can&#039;t believe the difference.  She has an appetite, she socializes, she has a personality, she stays in her seat at school and actually works in her assignments.  After 4 days on this medication, her teacher called me and asked what had changed because she couldn&#039;t believe the difference. The only downfall is nighttime.  She consistently wakes up around 4-5 am with dreams."
"Lyrica made my fibromyagia symptoms worse. All it did was make me gain excessive amonts of weight (over 80lbs in 6 months) and it caused more stress on my joints and symptoms then not taking anything at all for it. I hated it and recommend doing the vitamin regimen and looking up as much as you can online and sharing the websites you find with your doctor."
"I love it because it helped with my acne and I used to get real bad cramps and heavy bleeding up to five days, but after three months on this pill I didn&#039;t mind being on my period. "
"I have been on Oxycontin since 2003 on a daily basis.  I have chronic abdominal discomfort because I had my large intestine removed due to chronic Ulcerative Colitis.  I also have had Degenerative Disc Disease  since 1998. I&#039;ve had to have my right hip replaced due to an injury in 2008 and I have chronic sciatic nerve pain in my left hip that runs down to my foot. I found this drug to be more effective than any rehabilitation or needle injection that I&#039;ve ever had. I have tried many different treatments like injections and physical rehab but I get the best pain relief from taking 3 - 60mg. Oxycontin every 8 hours and 10 mg. Oxycodone IR pills every 4 to 6 hours daily for increased pain and discomfort. The bad part is I lost most of my teeth."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon inserted 8.4.2013 and apart from bleeding for a month straight to start with it&#039;s been okay. I Just like the fact I know I&#039;m always safe from getting pregnant. However over the 3 years sometimes I will come on my period like normal then other times I won&#039;t have a period for 4 months it&#039;s very hit and miss. At the moment I&#039;ve been on my period for 2 months straight with 2days off in between. I am thinking about having it taken out now as my period just doesn&#039;t seem to be going away. I didn&#039;t gain any weight or have any other side affects. 
Anyone wondering I&#039;m 21 years old"
"I went psycho while on this medication. Ended up in a mental hospital. I couldn&#039;t control myself!"
"I was super terrified to try yasmin, but I wanted to try it for my hormonal acne. Yasmin has really helped (so far), my face has been gradually clearing up during the past 3 weeks and my painful cysts are flattening. My skin is whiter too - less red and blotchy. So happy about that!  I lost about 5 kilos in 3 days. I wore one pair of pants one day that were tight and had to change them at the end of the day because my thighs and stomach had so noticeably shrunk. It was like I took some kind of shrinking potion! I kept my chest though :)   I love yasmin so far. I have more energy, less hair fall, better skin, no emotional flairs, and it&#039;s helped with the insomnia that I got after my friend died. I sleep like a baby now. I was slightly nauseous for the first 2 days."
"I originally started taking Yaz for birth control, but instantly noticed that my face cleared up.  Yaz works wonders for acne, and I highly recommend it.  However, it made my emotions go crazy.  I became very anxious.  I was on it for a year and then decided to get off of it.  My anxiety decreased but acne slowly came back.  Now I am going to try it again for acne and hope that I can cope with the anxiety from it.  I&#039;m out of school now so I&#039;m hoping this makes it easier to cope with the side effects.  Also, I did not gain any weight, and my boobs grew a full size.  It&#039;s a myth that birth control causes weight gain, it only causes increase in appetite or causes you to crave a certain food (i.e. sugar) which in turn causes you to gain weight"
"OMG I starting using the product about 6 months ago, and I didn&#039;t have awful acne, but pretty ugly patches on my cheeks and my lip line. For the first 2 months I followed the directions, but after that I started putting it on at night, in the morning, and before I went out. When I put it on and it dries, it immediately dulls acne scars and small zits that come up every once and a while. My acne scars went away and I have no blemishes and haven&#039;t for 2 months and my skin never cracks any more. BE PERSISTANT IT WILL WORK TRUST ME. And don&#039;t follow the directions u can use it more than 1 time a day"
"Moved cities to try and save money but this hasn&#039;t worked out as planned. I been stressed for the last 8 months and one day I just started getting anxiety attack and just depressed as heck. Went go see doctor. Got on 10mg lexapro for first 2 weeks then 20mg after that. Had minor side effects. Trouble urinating. Dry mouth. Minor head ache and the craziest most vivid dreams. And about a 2 week period of bad depression. All has since gone away. Besides the dreams. Very low libido. Don&#039;t drink alcohol on this medication is takes away the effects. Took me 3 days to start feeling the meds again. My anxiety is more manageable and i feel more sociable."
"I was originally introduced to Soma about 25 years ago when my back went out and I could not stand up straight.  It worked very well, although it did make me drowsy (which was fine with me - much better than the pain).  Currently I use it for neck muscle pain/spasms and it still works well.  I do not have any known side effects from it."
"I had been experiencing ovarian cysts for at least a year, but I didn&#039;t know that was the cause until about 5 months ago. I have been on Mononessa for three months now and I haven&#039;t had any cyst symptoms, also I am instructed by my doctor to only take three of the reminder pills before I start a new pack instead of all seven. My periods tend to be lighter and my face is clearer than it used to be. I have been on birth control for about seven years now and so far I am liking this one a lot. I haven&#039;t really had any of the side effects, no spotting, some breast tenderness but I have always had that. My appetite does fluntuate, I&#039;m not sure if that is due to the pills or not, I am a college student so it tends to happen a lot."
"Have to take 2 pills before they work for my migraines."
"I am very upset that Lily withdrew Darvon-N.  I thought it was a wonderful medicine in that it helped me. I suffer from TMJ and Darvon-N allieviated the pain every time I took one. The side effects were just like any other medicine so I really don&#039;t see why they removed it from the market."
"Fasted all yesterday in prep for today&#039;s MoviPrep which is needed for tomorrows Colonoscopy. This stuff started working less than 10 mins after finishing first 8 ozs! I hope when I am done drinking all of it that I don&#039;t still feel so hungry for a nice juicy steak!"
"I really loved my Implanon the first 8 months because I had no bleeding whatsoever. I started having really bad pains in my abdomen and my doctor told me they were cysts, so she put me on a low dose of birth control pills for 3 months. The cysts went away but I started bleeding a lot more. Now I bleed almost 3 weeks out of the month and it has caused serious relationship problems with my husband. It has made my face breakout, less than other birth control pills, but still broken out. My boobs got bigger which is actually not a bad thing. I have noticed feeling very very depressed and crying spells for no reason for the last year and a half that I have been on it. Everyone&#039;s body reacts differently to all birth control, just make sure you know ALL of the side effects."
"For years, I didn&#039;t know I was suffering from Anxiety and Panic Attacks. My doctor told me what was happening to me &amp; prescribed Xanax. It helps me TREMENDOUSLY. I feel &quot;normal&quot; now. Been using it for 10 years."
"I started taking the patch because I thought it would be much easier than taking a pill everyday at a certain time and it sure is. Personally I do not experience many side effects at all. When I&#039;m on my period week I do experience more headaches but I take use the patches for 3 months straight so I only have a period every 3 months. I have recently had some issues with them staying on, I always applied them to my behind but now I&#039;ve started putting them on my arm. I would recommend them, I think they are much more convenient than a lot of other forms of birth control."
"On for 9 weeks.  Started dose gradually as prescribed, 2 days I had constant diarrhea.  Immediately, my cravings were gone for SUGAR &amp; CHOCOLATE, but keep reading! At full dose (2am, 2pm), I had constipation, got better after taking Colace.  I felt fine all day &amp; night, but when the evening dose had worn off by the am I would wake up SHAKING &amp; HEART RACING. Felt better after next dose, but shaky all day. One day I almost passed out after normal exercise. Then Non-Stop Nausea set in so now I could not eat and felt like vomiting just from looking at food!  Drug made me ANXIOUS &amp; Jittery so I stopped it. Lost weight..20 pounds in 9 wks, mostly because of NAUSEA, but side effects were not worth the weight loss."
"I am 20 years old and I&#039;ve been taking focalin for a year now. I have been on every ADHD medication under the sun since I was in second grade and this is the only  medication that helped me get on track right away. The only adverse side effects I experience are a faster heart rate (most ADHD meds do that) and trouble sleeping. If you are having trouble sleeping on this drug here&#039;s what you do and here&#039;s what I did: prior to now, I was taking my medication at 11am or 10am. Often I would spend nights awake and panicky just begging for sleep to come. This is a simple fix. Just wake yourself up at like 6am every day to take it and you shouldn&#039;t have any problem sleeping. That&#039;s what I did and I sleep very soundly."
"Vivitrol is amazing.  My daughter just received her 9th shot and my son his 3 shot. Before this shot my kids only worry was their next high. Today they are enjoying life as college students! We tried  other options like Suboxone &amp; Zubsolve as well as several rehabs. It always ended after 60 or 90 days with relapse. This shot has allowed my 2 youngest (19 &amp; 21) a chance at a real life. They tell me they have no cravings &amp; the best part is that its not a daily choice to take a medicine. They only have to make the decision 1x a month.  Of course they are using the Vivitrol along with A LOT of counseling. The hardest part for the addict is to stay clean the 7 days prior."
"PROS- no weight gain, possible sleep aid qualities

CONS-withdrawal (no, it&#039;s not like coming off of heroin, I can promise you, but it did cause a rapidly increasing depression) 

BONUS-There&#039;s a coupon on Pristiq&#039;s website to get it for $15"
"After many years of mesh implants, gyroscopes, and prescriptions, I had the big  injection. So far I am just upset. I have finally been able to stop the oral medications but not stopping wearing several pads per day and now the catheterization at night before bed.  My doctor says it will get better when some of the effects wear off.  Whether or not I will do thus again remains optional. My insurance has agreed to pay for the procedure so I still hold high hopes for a good outcome!!"
"Oh my God!!!! Listen to me, I have no reason to lie and have nothing to gain by giving my opinion/review.
This medication WORKS!!!!
It&#039;s pricier than other similar meds, but there is no performance comparison!
All you need is 1 pill. I cannot believe the directions say 1-3 pills at once! That&#039;s crazy! 
I&#039;m on pain meds &amp; suffer from occasional constipation. When it&#039;s bad, I&#039;ll take one around 8pm. Just 1 pill. Again... 1. Only 1!
By 3am-4am I am using the restroom like a maniac. Then I&#039;ll have a 2nd bm approx 2hrs later.  I&#039;m telling you THIS WORKS!
* BEWARE! WARNING! *
If your like me, you don&#039;t drink enough water and/or eat much fiber. So when you do take this medication you WILL get massive cramping &amp; might vomit. You&#039;ll be okay though."
"I am pre-diabetic and I take 1000 mg Metformin 2x a day and started Trulicity as my A1C was 5.9 and I have non-active lifestyle and 45lbs over my goal weight. Over the past 18 weeks, I have lost 31 lbs at about 1-2 lbs a week.  No adverse effects from Trulicity except for light headedness once and a while and the site of the injection itching.  It has caused to change my eating habits as I feel as my stomach as been reduced.  I started coming off my HDL medication and expect to terminate my HPB medication at my next doctor&#039;s visit.  I would suggest to hang in there.  I tried lots of injectors, this is the first one to work so well and produce great results. My Metformin was also cut in half, AIC now 3.8, as when I was 22 yrs old."
"I LOVE this product. I suffered from breakouts (not horrible) but enough to make me self-conscious about. It does not make your face dry, if anything it smooths it out. I use a tad in the morning and a whole pump at night all over my face. I haven&#039;t been getting pimples at all, except for a few that were unnoticeable. And it worked almost immediately. I also paired this with Solodyn tablets 55mg for only the first month. Amazing. If anyone has mild breakouts then I strongly recommend these 2 products. Good luck. This may not work for everyone, but if you have mild acne then I would go for it."
"great drug with few if any side effects.... especially in adults."
"This helped my acne to a good amount, while I was on it. I took this religiously for 6 months. I did not see any improvements until around the third month, and up until this point I just kept asking why I&#039;m the only one my age with acne, and why it won&#039;t go away. For the last three months of my prescription though, my acne was kept at bay. I still had 2-3 pimples on my face at all times, but it was better than the usual amount. I had scarring left over, but I think the biggest disappointment of this regimen was in is the fact that my acne came back with vengeance about a month after I stopped taking it. After 3 months of trying every drugstore/high end option, I&#039;m going to go back to the dermatologist and try something new."
"I have a torn hip ligament due to a fall at work - I find NO relief with Voltaren either oral (75MG 2x per day) or the patch."
"I&#039;ve always had anxiety more than most for years since I was a kid. In last few years (I am 50 yr. old male) this grew into depression. It got to the point I would get paralyzed on the next task over thinking it - I couldn&#039;t be decisive. Then I would get depressed because I couldn&#039;t get things under control which led to lack of sleep - continuous cycle. I was always against anti-depressants (for the weak I thought). I tried everything - exercise, no alcohol, no sugar, sleep aids - with little success.  I finally gave Lexapro a chance.  It brought the anxiety noise level &amp; depression way down and allowed me to get perspective and sleep. Occasional chills, but less over time. No other side effects for me. Glad I did it."
"Terrible product. Not the first time I have used for bowel prep for sigmoidoscopy and both times it has caused severe cramps, chills, headache and rectal bleeding. I am guessing if used for constipation perhaps not absorbing as much of the medication to get the severe cramps."
"I have taken TOUJEO for 1&amp;1/2 years now I have broken out with a rash &amp; itching over my entire body for the past three months. Told my doctor he said that can&#039;t happen with insulin.  I&#039;ve been to three doctors  all tell me the same. I STOPPED TAKEN TOUJEO The rash is starting to clear but it is slow in clearing. there is nothing that helps. ."
"I had my first Stelara injection 2 months ago (and a booster 30 days ago). The difference is amazing, I have no more flakes, the redness is during to pink. I can wear shorts in public and not be embarrassed. NO side effects at all! This is a fantastic drug."
"Enbrel has worked well for me for about 4 years and it has been covered partly by my husband&#039;s former employer and Pfizer. It seems, however, that when I turn 65, it will barely be covered on Medicare and supplemental insurance due to Congress approving a renewal of the patent on Enbrel. Also, due to Medicare being a government program, it won&#039;t be covered. "
"While I did feel sick after the nasal flu vaccine one year, the flu shot itself NEVER made me sick until this year. I STILL don&#039;t understand it. I usually feel a little dizzy the day of and a little run down for a couple days or so but this time I felt pretty sick. The day of I had moderate dizziness which I attributed to lack of sleep and not eating when I had gone for a doctor&#039;s appointment where I opted to get the shot when they offered it. I kept explaining it away until the next day when I started having mild flu symptoms. I had the flu before so I know what that&#039;s like. These symptoms were VERY MINOR compared to having the flu. I felt feverish, chilled, sore throat, body aches, no appetite, nausea. Still advocate flu shot though."
"My doctor replaced Prozac with Pristiq in hopes it would be more effective in fighting my depression.  At first I thought I was in heaven.  I&#039;m in my late 50&#039;s and never felt this good ever.  I also lost 30 lbs!  As time passed, I became more and more manic. (not a feel good manic either).  Had to get off of it.  Shame.  When it was working for me it was better than anything I&#039;ve ever tried."
"I have been on the birth control patch for over 3 years now and I haven&#039;t had any problems with it. I recommend it to anyone who is forgetful like I am, when it comes to taking the pill."
"I had to discontinue it after several weeks.  It left me feeling tired and weak, and coughing up more mucus.  I maybe allergic to something in it."
"I have had the implant for a little over a year and a half. I absolutely loved it, until recently. I LOVE not having a period, I rarely had occasional bleeding. However, I now have a boyfriend, and after each time I have sex I get my period. I have had three periods this month. I am debating getting it removed and going back to the pill, sadly. I am curious if anyone else has had this happen."
"I had a cold sore appear in my nose on a Wednesday morning, I called my doctor and she called in a prescription for Valacyclovir, and by Monday it was gone! Granted there was still a little sore area from my skin healing, but nothing like having the cold sore without the medication! When I took my medicine it stopped it from growing and by 36 hours it was already scabbed and healing! My outbreaks usually take up to 2 weeks to heal and with taking the medicine it cut that time in half. I know if I would have had the medicine at the first sign it would have never have grown! I will never get stuck in the situation of never having any on hand, I always keep some in my medicine cabinet! Best medicine EVER!"
"Propranolol is a life-saver for my chronic migraine problem! My symptoms (painful to think; severe headache on one-side; nausea; vomiting - needed an ice-pak) Too much sleep was a trigger.  I have tried many other drugs without success (verapamil, atenolol, triptyline.)  I think Atenolol does not work for migraines because it does NOT cross the blood-brain barrier.   Propranolol does have the side-effect of powerful vivid dreams (pleasant and unpleasant.)   In the long-term,  I found that to be somewhat enjoyable.  .

I highly recommend Propranolol (20mg/day) for anyone suffering from Chronic Migraines !!  
I suffered 3 migraines per week for 15yrs before a doctor tried prescribing it.

It has restored my life to normal."
"Honestly, this medicine has been life changing for me. Before I used it, my acne was awful, mostly on my forehead but all around the rest of my face, too. My dermatologist prescribed it to me and within a month of using it my acne completely cleared up. Now three years later, I still use it and my face remains acne free!"
"Letaris had some side effects that were rather unpleasant but well worth it. I can go up a flight of stairs and usually not lose my breath. The difference between how I felt before and then after starting this med was like night and day. Truly amazing. My oxygen saturation was 98-99% in my 6 min walking test vs. 92% before Letaris. Downside is these horrible red splotches all over my chest that do not go away. (I think they are broken capillaries)."
"My daughter has had this for a little over a month. She has become someone I don&#039;t recognize.....moody, irritable,afraid to leave the house, and most important, afraid to drive because she&#039;s afraid of harming herself. 

She experienced mild depression prior to insertion. I believe the implant has exacerbated (magnified) it greatly. It may work great for someone... However, if u have slight depression, please be forewarned. 

My daughter has also had;
Acne
Weight gain
Decreased libido
Mood swings
Terrible irritability 
2 weeks of active vaginal bleeding 

We r having it removed in 4 days."
"I was given Reglan in an ER when I couldn&#039;t stop vomiting when I had a migraine. It helped to stop my vomiting, but I reacted horribly. It made me uncontrollably agitated and nervous. I couldn&#039;t stop moving, I couldn&#039;t think clearly, and I couldn&#039;t relax until I was given a sedative. I now claim that I am allergic to the drug due to the way my body reacted to it."
"My personal experience was that this medicine, it worked very well for my nerve pain. I did not have full motion of my neck on my right side and had severe pain in my arm and shoulder area.  Medicine took a few weeks to build up in my system but I no longer have any pain and now have full motion in my neck.  Downside is that I am a little groggy when I wake up.  This medicine has allowed me to return back to work without pain."
"This product works very well, only problem that has showen was the dryness of skin after applying. It has cleared up my face wonderfully, but there are still little not so noticeable areas that refuse to go away. So expensive even with insurance and you only get this tiny bottle but I say its worth it."
"I have been taking this medication for panic and anxiety  with great success but I wonder why it is not listed for this?"
"I have tried every antiperspirant deodorants out there and nothing seemed to work. I would use like 20 swipes and still be sweating in 5 minutes. Weather it was heat, activity, nervous I would have huge rings under my arms. Finally I tried hypercare the other night and I don&#039;t know why I haven&#039;t used it before. The next day I saw immediate results I have been using it for 5 days now it itches, burn a little but definitely worth 15 minutes of pain for no sweat marks. I would recommend this to anyone with sweating problems."
"I have been reading some of the reviews and I wanted to remind people that birth control is extremely individual. The right birth control for one person may not be right for another. The way your body reacts to the birth control is a big factor in how well it works for you and is not consistent among everyone. I, personally, love LoSeasonique. I switched about 2 years ago after my previous birth control started giving me migraines and making me sick. LoSeasonique allows me to have only 4 periods a year, and when I do have them they are very light. It took about a month to adjust to it, but after that, it was great! Completely took away my PMS symptoms and does not wreak havoc on the rest of my body."
"Overall, this is great for preventing motion sickness. I used it for a 5 day cruise and I didn&#039;t not get sick. I give this an 8 because it came with some pretty annoying side effects: severe cotton mouth, occasional drowsiness, and really blurred vision."
"Just had to put the comment in here that the reviews posted had me extremely nervous about the insertion and while I cannot express my opinion about this device long term the insertion did not hurt AT ALL. It was placed during my period and I took about 4 advils before the procedure...I&#039;m 26 and have 2 children."
"I have been prescribed methotrexate for psoriatic arthritis  at 5 x 2.5 dosage once a week, followed by 3 days of folic acid. The day after I took it for the first time I was disabled with voting, nausea and flu like symptoms. I felt awful but persevered.

Week 2 and the same happened but this time with a very runny nose - like a waterfall. I was vomiting so badly that yellow bile was coming out - it felt like the lining of my stomach had been shredded.

I stopped taking them. I felt I was dying - bloody awful drug"
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for under a month now, and I am already seeing incredible improvements with my acne and acne-related scarring. My skin tone is becoming even, and clearing up at record speed. The reason why I only rate this medication an 8 is because it has caused mood swings, and for some reason radiating pain in my ankles and calves. I also get a pretty bad gag reflex for at least four hours after taking the pill, which is uncomfortable and I always feel on the verge of vomiting. However, nothing else has ever worked so well for my skin tone/acne problems, and I&#039;ve tried it all. If you think the benefits outweigh the risks, as I do, this is for you."
"This really helped lowe my sugars a lot! For the first time in years my sugars are normal!

I lost about 15 lbs too!

Had some rough side effects at the beginning (aches, yeast infections from sugar in urine) but they all got better when the sugar levels went down. 

Also on Janumet which is pretty good too."
"I tried so many antibiotics for a sinus infection that lasted over 3 months. My doctor finally decided to prescribe Avelox because it is one of the stronger antibiotics (at least that is what she told me). Within 3 days I honestly could feel relief. I was so happy to have finally found something that worked. About 1 1/2 years later I had another sinus infection and my doctor put me on Avelox right way. Again, within 2-3 days there was so much relief. I never had any side effects that I knew of."
"Was going to the toilet every 30 mins, I have been having botox every 6 months for 3 years, Its wonderful, It last about 3 months then tapers off, Zero side effects."
"The birth control kept me from getting pregnant so on that subject it worked great.  But, I had 3 severe side effects that really affected my quality of life.  I was exhausted all of the time, no energy ever (after I stopped taking it within 1 week I had energy again). I had intense headaches everyday within an hour of taking this medicine, and I was very emotional.  One moment nice next moment sad, then mean. It has been a month since I took this birth control and I fell like me again!!"
"I am 56 with degenerative disc disease, fibromyalgia and  just underwent rhizotomy on lumbar. That still did not help with the pain. I also broke my back in 2000 which was not treated and my spine is deformed. I suffer so much, I also tried everyting, this is magnificent it only takes 15mg."
"This worked wonders for me. Always cleared up my bacterial vaginosis!"
"I love it!! Insertion hurt like hell, but it was only like 30 seconds of pain. After insertion, I had terrible cramps for about 20 minutes- I had to lay in the doctors chair the whole time until they subsided. After they went away, I was completely normal! I had the Mirena inserted on the HEAVIEST day of my period (day 2), and the next day the bleeding was gone. I normally have my period for 5 days and this thing stopped it in its tracks! Having gotten the Mirena inserted for this problem specifically, I am so happy. After having the Mirena inserted (and in turn going off the pill), my sex drive has skyrocketed. I wanted to have sex like crazy the day I got it inserted lol. The pain is SO worth it in the end!"
"I&#039;ve been continuously on the Depo shot since the end of my freshman year in high school, I am now and Senior in high school. I have had the worst side effects, I&#039;ve gained over 25 lbs, ALWAYS tired, no sex drive and extremely moody all the time. The only plus to this shot is how it lasts for 3 months and how I never got my period. "
"I&#039;m 21 years old. I have a 7 month old baby boy. It&#039;s been 3 months now since the insertion (painful but worth it). 3 weeks bleeding spotting. Totally satisfied. No weight gain, I&#039;m petite though, increase sex drive! Insurance covered. No cramps, no bleeding. Just white and yellow discharge only occasionally. No acne. No need to worry about taking pills everyday. My husband loves it. He can feel the string just a  bit but no big deal."
"Epiduo hurt. And stung. It hurt when I put it on, it hurt when I put on lotion, and it hurt when I tried makeup. I only put it on at night; washed my face, put on the epiduo for 15 min, then covered myself in Nivea Soft lotion.  (the one that stung the least $4.99) 
Today is day 18 and I am THRILLED! I only have scars, which are fading day by day. My skin is still peeling and stings! But it&#039;s tolerable. I haven&#039;t worn makeup to college or work for the past 3 days for the first time in my entire life, and I looked fine. A guy even hit on me in the parking lot!!! I will continue to use Epiduo even if the peeling face never goes away. It&#039;s done wonders! 
I&#039;ll wait another month and post on here again for the same results. STICK TO IT! TRUST!"
"Patient exhibits no improvement after 12 months of supervised treatment."
"Wow, Flomax made my stone pass with one dose after 3 months of pain, worry, CAT scans, and the urologist thinking it was prostatitis. Wish they gave it to me in the ER in August! Stone was 8mm x 5mm, and got stuck in three places on the way down. Thank you Flomax!"
"I&#039;m on 60 mgs a day for muscle spasms and this is the first time in over a year that I can move without feeling like my muscles are going to snap like an old rubber band."
"First off I just want to say, please don&#039;t be alarmed/afraid when you read that your going to gain a tremendous amount of weight while taking Paxil. Not saying by any means anybody is lying nor the information they provide about this medicine is false. Everybody is different and will receive different results. I almost contacted my physician right away, in demands I obtain a different medication after hearing about the weight gain, however, I gave it a fair chance. I did NOT want to a eat a thing while on Paxil and my friends already noticed I&#039;ve dropped a significant amount of weight. Please don&#039;t avoid this medication because of freight about weight gain because it might very well not happen! My social anxiety also vanished."
"I had the Synvisc one injection in my left knee 4 weeks ago.   The injection was painful and I had worse knee pain than before for 3 1/2 weeks.  I have had little to no pain for 4 days now.  I am hopeful to receive 5-6 months of pain free living.  If so I will most likely have a repeat injection as my next option is knee replacement."
"Have been on Geodon for a little over 2 months &amp; I LOVE IT! It is definitely a life saver! It helps with my depression and mood swings. I take 40mg at night it helps me sleep &amp; feel refreshed in the morning. I even started back college for Nursing. Helps me make good choices and makes me a lot more positive and energetic! I started off at 120mg at night but left me groggy &amp; drowsy the next day until it was time for me to take it again at night so I dropped down to 40mg &amp; it works wonders! I agree that every medicine isn&#039;t for everybody but definitely give it a try."
"I&#039;m on FIRE! I am yeast infection prone and have always treated with OTC cream and suppositories and NEVER experienced anything like this."
"I have Fibromyalgia and OsteoArthritis my Dr. recommended Opana and it has been a God send."
"The medicine does it&#039;s job.  Although I experience severe dry mouth and nightmares.  Nightmares weren&#039;t listed as a side effect, but my doctor knew about it and didn&#039;t tell me when he prescribed it.  Nightmares are supposed to subside.  After 6 weeks I still have them a few times a week."
"I started on July 19 and to date absolutely no weight loss. My appetite has been cut dramatically but I am seeing no results. I am eating healthy 95 % and working out but nothing. Not sure why my doctor says to continue I am now on my second box. What am I doing wrong? ??"
"This is a very good method for weight loss. I actually loss 43lbs using this pill along with exercise. It really gives you energy. This is really my 3rd time on this pill.  But once your body gets used to it it does not work as well. But overall I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to lose weight."
"42 yrs old, had kyleena inserted 6/28, pain was not bad during insertion, but the headache and dizziness the three days after were simply horrible. Things are good now just cramping off and on and spotting."
"It works well. I did gain weight with it since it does affect the regions of the brain associated with this but I simply try to stay fit by exercising (which helps my condition as well) and eat healthy foods. Be religious in taking your daily dose, though! The side effects are quite debilitating. This includes being completely useless for anything, sleeping, really weird dreams and the vertigo described (quite accurately) here as an electrical zapping sensation. Any time you move your head or eyes and it feels like a bzzzzt. Also heed the warning of interaction with alcohol. ONE very occasional glass of wine or beer but that&#039;s it! Mixing this medicine and any alcohol beyond the occasional drink and you&#039;ll get seriously messed up."
"I gained 10 lbs in under 1 week, which sets a speed record among the weight-gain meds I&#039;ve taken.  Since that pushed me up to the pre-diabetic border, my psychiatrist pulled me off of it ASAP - not to mention that when you&#039;re severely depressed, how is super chunking up supposed to make you feel better no matter how well the med works?  1 month &amp; I would have been up 40 lbs!  I felt no other side effects, nor any positive effects, but 1 week probably wasn&#039;t long enough for it to make a difference on my mood - only my rear end."
"I was suffering from a severe virus-caused sore throat with terrible coughing.  My PCP advised me to take Mucinex but at substantially greater dosage than the package recommends.  I did so for about 3-4 weeks.  The medication did help relieve my coughing, but it interfered so badly with my sleep that I had to discontinue taking it.  I notice that other people have experienced sleep problems with Mucinex.   There should be a warning about this on the package label."
"Given a sample of the 8mg dose.  Flow improved dramatically after about 30 mins.  Effect lasts 2-3 days.  There does seem to be a meaningful reduction in ejaculate.  Overall orgasm experience is somewhat less as a result.  So, some tradeoff.  In my case flow had become so poor it is one worth making.  Rapaflo is expensive, so trying tamsulosin as an alternative now.

55 year old male with no other meaningful health issues."
"I have suffered with ulcers on my ankles (poor circulation) for years.  Every once in awhile one if not both will get infected.  Legs swell and skin turns purple as well as becoming very sensitive.  The ulcers feel as though hot needles are being shoved into them.  Keflex always knocks out the infection within a few days."
"So far, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so this medication is doing its job. I have experienced a few side effects. I have a complete loss of appetite (I haven&#039;t been hungry in 2 months) and I&#039;ve lost about 5 pounds. Sex can be painful since I can&#039;t seem to produce natural lubrication. My period is a barely a period, I wouldn&#039;t even call it a &quot;flow&quot; and it lasts maybe a day and a half. Most concerning is before starting Orsythia I had low blood pressure, but after two months my blood pressure has gone up so much it is technically stage 1 hypertension (despite taking perscription water pills)."
"Anxiety hit following 18 months of anger/grief. I was 36 years old and over a period of just 1 months anxiety spiralled out of control - developing a fear of driving and being alone - nearing not leaving the house. Shrink prescribed Zoloft, the first week was bad. I remember massive weight loss, insomnia and excessive yawning. These side effects soon disappeared and six weeks later this miracle pill started to kick in. Started on 12.5mg and have slowly increased over nine months to 175mg. Now 1 yr later returning back to normal, anxiety did get worse at every increase of dose before getting better. Give it time it will work. Exercise and CBT also helps heaps."
"I have suffered from Fibromyalgia for years and have regular flare ups. The nerve pain in my jaw and neck was horrific. I found even oxynorm and Tramil was not able to control the pain. This drug has changed my life dramatically.... I feel almost normal again and able to cope with my symptoms. I am on the lowest dose of 25mg. 2 times per day and combined with 10mg. of Endep I can now get a good nights sleep and no nerve pain. I have been advised to stay on this dosage for at least 3 months and then cut down to one per day and eventually cease taking it. As I am very sensitive to drugs I was surprised that I have had no side effects. Thanks for giving my life back..... I don&#039;t know how I would have survived without it?"
"I was just put on oxycontin yesterday 10 mgs twice a day with norco for break through pain. I was on oxycodone 5mgs 4 times a day. The only thing I don&#039;t like is the headache I got this morning and dry mouth, but I will stay with it, because it works."
"So I took plan b on Easter (April 5) after a mess up , and I&#039;m pretty sure it worked my cycle came on but the only problem Ive had with the plan b pill is my cycle was on longer then it was suppose to be and obviously most women wouldn&#039;t be comfortable having their cycle on longer then it&#039;s suppose to be but tht beats any unplanned pregnancy any day ."
"I think Nexplanon is right for you if you want to avoid pregnancy. At least, that was my experience. I have had nexplanon for 4 months already, and have only had spotting since insertion. I would consider a downside being the spotting lasted two to three weeks around the second-third month, but overall it&#039;s been nice not having a period. Its very effective against pregnancy. At first, I was very worried that I could be pregnant, but I&#039;ve taken multiple cheap tests and they&#039;re all negative! I&#039;ve calmed down about thinking I&#039;m pregnant, as I trust it more. My moods have been crazy until this week, which might be a temporary thing. Other than the moods I consider it to be a great option!"
"I&#039;m just finished my second month on Accutane and I have never been happier about my skin! I have tried topical creams and antibiotics which did not help at all. When my dermatologist prescribed Accutane for my severe acne, I was doubtful after being prescribed unhelpful drugs. But I was wrong, and Accutane is working great for my skin. It&#039;s been a long struggle with acne and I am finally seeing results to clearer skin. The results you get from this medicine overpowers the side effects....trust me its worth it."
"I suffer from anxiety daily and mild depression. I was on Paxil for 2 years and thought I was okay to get off it, 2 months later I fell hard into depression and anxiety and recently went back on it and waiting for it to kick in again. This medicine is a life saver for sure. Don&#039;t give up on it in a few days. You have to let it kick in. Hopefully it&#039;ll kick in soon for me! On it I had no anxiety and I suffered daily before it, had no depression.  Good luck :)"
"I was allergic to it. Developed upper respiratory infection, cough, conjuctivitis, and the final straw was waking up one night with my throat almost swollen shut.  The allergist said I had a reaction to it and to stop taking it."
"Started Sprintec about 4 months ago. During the first pack I had almost daily breakthrough bleeding, but it disappeared after that. However, last week I took my pill only 2 hours late and I started spotting again as well as getting bad headaches, so definitely try to take it at the same time no matter what. Some weight gain, really bad mood swings during the first few months. Haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so it&#039;s definitely an effective pill."
"The best thing there ever was, the only thing that works for twin brother and I."
"This was alot better than the nasty gallons of the past, yes I said gallons. Mixed first dose and just chugged it, yes in one lip setting, lol, drank my water within about 10 minutes, used flavoring for it. Started working within about 15 minutes, was actually not too bad. I have had about 8 of these procedures, started at 27, 52 now, if you think these are not good you would not survived 20 years ago, very good easy to use bowel prep, does what it is designed to do."
"I had to come off 450 mg a day of Tramadol before a pain pump trial, which is coming up shortly.  I thought I was going to lose my marbles for a couple of days when the pain was so intense I couldn&#039;t bear it.  Besides a crappy back, I have PLMD and diabetic neuropathy.  I can&#039;t take stronger opiates because of allergies.  I learned that the Tramadol helped more with my leg pain than my back pain, though by the time I was totally weaned off a couple of days ago, my back was starting to be pretty sore, too.  I&#039;m taking Tylenol (LOL, what a joke, but it beats nothing), plus 1 mg of clonidine every 8 hours.  For me, it has been quite helpful.  When I was just taking it once a day, I was miserable."
"I started Zoloft before my 3rd child was born. I&#039;ve had depression throughout my life and a major breakdown after my 1st child&#039;s birth. Noticed an improvement within days, and husband noticed huge diff. Dry mouth and increased appetite has cycled through the years on occasion. But the big side effect for me was insomnia. I thought it was my little one getting me up every 2 hours, but realized that taking the medicine at night was the cause. Switching to morning dose made such a difference. I do notice I don&#039;t sleep well if I take it after noon or 1pm. Some family members had tried it with no success. Give dosage and timing a chance. It has literally saved my life. I still feel emotional at times, but can cope with issues and heaviness in life has eased."
"I received a sample of Synjardy and have only been taking it for 4 days.  I started off taking 850mg of Metformin twice a day and 5mg of Glipizide twice a day.  I had good numbers on this, but the Glipizide was causing too many hypo episodes, so my Dr gave me a sample of Synjardy.  The Synjardy has made my numbers more consistently 80-105 and I no longer have any hypo events.  I have also lost 4 pounds in 4 days.  The only negative I have noticed is having to drink and pee more.  It has made me more prone to waking up a little earlier to hit the bathroom, but it hasn&#039;t been that bad.  They have a savings card, but my insurance will not cover it at all, so I can&#039;t use the card and without that it is $431 a month, which I can not afford."
"I had just taken Diflucan for what I thought was a yeast infection. Then I got a sinus infection and I started taking cephalexin. I noticed 3 days in, some back pain (flank pain just to the left if my spine) I had been having for a few weeks suddenly went away. I went back to the doctor, who agreed that I probably originally had a bladder infection that spread to one of my kidneys. Glad I got the sinus infection or who knows what would have happened. The medication made me feel a little nauseated after the first few days, but it&#039;s possible that feeling was related to the sickness."
"Killed the migraine within 30 minutes but sent me to the ER with chest pains, shortness of breath, dizzy, confusion, etc. I experience every &quot;possible&quot; side effect listed. Don&#039;t be afraid to take the medicine, but don&#039;t be afraid to go to the ER if you experience the side effects."
"I recently was on Prednisone for over a week because I could barely breathe (in spite of taking 500mg of Advair 2/day and Maxair several times a day). Towards the end of my steroids I was still breathing very poorly, but then I started taking Singulair and immediately my breathing became absolutely normal with not one hint of wheezing or breathing difficulty.

Also, my nasal allergies/sinuses have improved considerably since I started Singulair.

On the other hand, I have noticed pain in my ear (possible ear infection) and my mood appears to be a bit more aggressive than it was before taking the Singulair.  

Overall, I would highly recommend it."
"I decided to write a review since I did not see anyone mention PCOS.  I have been on Gianvi since October 2009.  It is now June 2011.  I initially took Yaz until I was switched to the generic version, Gianvi.  Both medications have not given me any issues.  My periods are normal, no cramps (I never had any to begin with), reduced acne, and maintained weight.  I have always been an emotional person to some degree.  This hasn&#039;t seemed to increase my emotions and I do not get angry or get headaches as some as said.  My only worry is getting blood clots or DVT as I&#039;ve recently read.  "
"My son started taking this medicine about 9 months ago.  His grades went from C&#039;s and D&#039;s to A&#039;s and B&#039;s. He is able to focus and concetrate.  He isn&#039;t a zombie walking around the house.  He still has some emotion and can still have fun.  I love this medicine because even he can see the diffence it has made in his life."
"It works for migraine headaches, back pain, osteoarthritis pain.  Using Ultram 50mg to 300mg daily.  When I had surgery I took Ultram 100 mg four times a day and my pain was controlled.  Great medication."
"I always had really severe period pain and I would throw up. So I started a birth control  and it made me feel horrible. I no longer threw up, but it made me severely depressed. I was afraid to try another pill. I started chateal and I didn&#039;t gain any weight. I didn&#039;t get depressed or break out any more than normal. And I no linger felt pain , I do still get slight nauseous around my period but no where near as bad as before. I have taken this pill a little more than a year and I have not gotten pregnant either. Although I use other precautions as well. My sister is looking for a good birth control and this is the one I&#039;ve been recommending."
"Initially received this at Urgent Care because I couldn&#039;t get into my doctor when my blood pressure was high at a employer mandated check.  I was on it 3 weeks, 2 pills a day at 25 mg each. It brought the BP down by about 20 points.  The side effects were cold feet mid morning, trouble sleeping, and the dosage did not last a full 12 hours.  I could feel the heart slow down at about 1 hour after medicating and then start to speed up again at about 9 hours.  I had to be careful not to take it close to bedtime because it made me feel hyper about 2-3 hours after the dose.  Upon reflection, these side effects were less than some of the other stuff I&#039;ve taken since."
"I have experienced excessive underarm sweating since my teens and have been so annoyed and embarrassed.  Why didn&#039;t I check into this sooner??  This product is amazing!  I agree with other reviewers about the burning/tingling sensation.  When I first started using it about a month ago, I followed the directions and used it for three consecutive nights.  It burned, I won&#039;t lie.  It kept me from getting a full night&#039;s sleep.  BUT, the results were worth it!  After just one application, it worked!  The next day there was NO wetness.  I now apply it just once a week, and it is still effective for me.  Plus, the burning sensation has never occurred again.  I do find it necessary to apply deodorant (not antiperspirant) in the morning."
"I took Plan B within 24 hours of having unprotected sex. I was 3 weeks away from having my next period. About 1 week after taking Plan B I had spotting for a few days. Then nothing. The date for period came and went and I was very anxious and stressed when I did not get my period. My period finally came 17 days late. Thank god."
"So far I love Nuvigil. I can actually go all day without needing to lay down in the afternoon. I suffer from Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue. I may need to bump it up as 150 mgs. does not seem to make me as awake as it did the first week. I like the way it makes me feel awake but not nervous and jittery like Ritalin did. I can now work a shift and actually come home and do chores around the house instead of lay down. I have had no side effects so far and have been on it a month."
"I was started on Strattera almost 3 years ago.  Before taking this medication I was constantly on rabbit trails couldn&#039;t finish a project and trying to do 3 or 4 things at the same time, which I wasn&#039;t doing very well.  I&#039;ve probably been ADHD all my life but was not diagnosed until I was 50.  I have gone back to school and work as an inpatient crisis stabilization nurse.  I should be the poster child for this medication because it has been a miracle for me.  I take 100 mg of the medication a day.  The only thing I can complain about is the medication wears off sometimes before I get off of work. This probably could be fixed with a simple medication time and dosage change."
"I was offered 20mg/day of this medication at pain management but was afraid to try it. I had gotten a hold of a few and tried one 10mg pill for extreme fibromyalgia pain because I ran 3 days short on my normal pain meds. 12 hours later and I am still pain free. I&#039;d rather use this once a day than oxycodone 3-4x a day. Mind you, I did extensive research before using the medication. I like the fact that I have been pain free all day without feeling loopy or high. No cravings or discomfort from withdrawing from other pain meds. Would definitely recommend this for anyone with chronic pain or if you just want to detox comfortably."
"I&#039;m 20 years old and am on my third month of Claravis. Since being on the medicine my face is worse than it&#039;s ever been before. My acne wasn&#039;t severe to begin with, although it was scarring in certain areas. I keep hoping it will get better, but it hasn&#039;t yet. I&#039;ve tried everything else there is to take so I feel like this is my only option."
"It made my boobs bigger, ZERO negative side effects, and my period is practically non-existent. It&#039;s my favorite birth control I&#039;ve ever been on. Most birth controls make me have crazy mood swings and gain weight. This one didn&#039;t. I will be using this for life."
"I was excited to try this medicine.  Having 5 hot flashes a night that wake me up. Haven&#039;t had any R.E.M. Sleep for a while.  Not sleeping is affecting my exercise and work routine. The only time I don&#039;t get hot flashes is when I&#039;m riding my mountain bike.  Biking doesn&#039;t pay the bills.  Took my dose before bed, in about 15 min my head felt different like a rush of something then clarity I guess that was the serotonin release.   I thought oh boy I&#039;m gonna sleep.  But not the case.  Unfortunately I must have opposite effects.  I didn&#039;t sleep more than 2 hours all night. Had a clear head full of thoughts about stuff I need to do. Still had hot flashes 4 during the night and more in the morning.  And then the nausea in the morning also."
"Just got it inserted yesterday, it was probably the worst pain I have ever experienced.  I wasn&#039;t warned to take any pain prevention medication, so it was probably worse than normal. I have had pain and cramps all day. I was spotting before I got it inserted, and yesterday it got kind of worse but today it has lightened. I am hoping that it is not like the implanon where I had my period for a month at a time."
"I just want to share my experience on this drug. I had unprotected sex with my husband, the day after my period ( August 28, 2015 ) Friday. He didn&#039;t ejaculate. but we&#039;re not ready for a baby yet. so, just to make sure I took Plan B one step the next day ( Saturday, August 29) 

At first day, I felt okay, nothing is bothering me. till I felt nauseous, dizzy and I&#039;m having cramps ( assuming that my period would come out again). I just let it and as of the description of the box said that its normal to feel those symptoms.

after 1 week, ( Saturday, September 5th)  I started to have bleeding, I assumed it was my breakthrough bleeding. it lasted for 4-5 days ( like my normal period) 

This medication is 100% real and it works for me."
"A week ago I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Due to the increase of my A1c my endo discussed several options for my diabetes. We both decided that Trulicity would be a good try along with an increased dose of Metformin. Was on 1500mg of metformin a day for polycystic ovarian disease. Currently on 2000mg a day plus the once a week Trulicity injection. 
The day I started the shot I had an A1c of 8.6 and a glucose reading of 232. Since then and I am through my first week I have not had a glucose reading above 151. I have noticed quite a decrease in appetite and I have no desire to snack. I am colder than I used to be and there has been some mild diahrrea but I can deal with that over the high sugar readings."
"Insertion was painless. Cramping for the next 36 hours was terrible. It has now been 14 months and I&#039;m getting it removed tomorrow. I&#039;m 25 and have acne for the first time ever. I have been mostly eating healthy but am ALWAYS hungry and ALWAYS tired and just icky. I gained 36 lbs when pregnant, had lost 30 in the 3 months after birth. But now with Skyla I&#039;ve gained back 18 lbs. same exercise, same diet, but now also chasing around a tireless toddler. I also am ALWAYS spotting or on my period. It has helped considerable with my period cramps (they used to be brutal), but still, who wants to constantly be bleeding, bloated, and crampy. I think I just can&#039;t handle any dose of hormones. Can&#039;t wait for tomorrow."
"I took this medication a couple years ago. Within just a few weeks it was working amazing and my skin was clearing up and looked great!!! I went off the med so that I could go on birth control.  I&#039;ve had trouble with several birth controls and now 2 years later at the age of 22, I&#039;m not currently on any form of birth control so I started this up again about 3 months ago for my acne. I was on it for 2 months, never missed a dose....and there was not one change in my skin.  I&#039;m sure it all depended on my health 2 yrs ago and now, the different meds i&#039;m on now and wasn&#039;t in the past, etc. Several factors could be played as to why it&#039;s no longer working for me at this time. So I&#039;d say at least give it a shot because when it did work, IT WORKED!"
"I was prescribed Zoloft when I saw a psychiatrist and described my anxiety when at home, and my very, very bad social anxiety that has left me with virtually no friends and I never leave the house. I was also slightly depressed. At 100mg of Zoloft, it has absolutely no effect on my anxiety. I gave it a 4 because it&#039;s improved my energy level and made me a lot less depressed, I just wish it would help what it was prescribed for."
"I started .75 dose in November of 2016. It immediately curbed my appetite and helped me lose 37 lbs by Feb 2017. There is a little stomach discomfort sometimes but its not too bad. There is also constipation for about 3 days each week, but I believe its from the colon not moving anything. The med slows digestion. My experience with the med is positive, much more than with Bydureon. That&#039;s was a nightmare. I recently went to a low carb high fat diet and its working even better now. I hope this helps someone out there. PS, And don&#039;t let the doc start you on the higher dose. Ask for samples or rebates because most insurers don&#039;t cover it."
"The worst BC ever.I have just used it for 3 days and I have headaches and I threw up every single day.Do nothing other than sleeping like a log.This medicine was prescribed to control the abnormal bleeding I had and guess what I have the bleeding + these extra bonuses.Hate this medicine to death.Iam a person with no allergies to anything I know as of now.My body is pretty strong while other people around fall sick I remain totally unaffected.I will rate this medicine a negative not even a zero"
"I sympathize with the anonymous user who has been on the patch for only one month (comments dated 4/24). I have been on this patch for 8-10 years now. Sadly ... Long story short, I went through a lot in the beginning too. I am one of the small percentage of people who needed to change the patch every 48 hours instead of 72 because I was experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms (which is what you are describing) whenever I waited 72 hours. The 48 hours made a difference. However, it isn&#039;t a perfect system, there are problems, sweating it off during summer, no more pool, etc. It&#039;s not perfect and breakthrough medicines are needed in my case. Long-term use gets tricky, be careful and good luck."
"I took Aftera just 2 hours after unprotected sex. Now, 25 days later, my period is late, I&#039;m nauseous with two positive pregnancy tests .WOW. NOT WORTH IT. PLEASE use PLAN B instead of this. I had no symptoms after taking this (as compared to the cramping and what not from PlanB.)  Aftera probably packs their packages with sugar pills. What a terrible situation to be in."
"I have resisted all medications for 16 years, I have recurrent depressive bouts, followed by a major mental health episode and marriage problem 6 months ago. I have spent 3 months on 20mg of this per day. Managed from week three I began to slowly feel better than I have for years, I am back at work. I just wish I had my libido and less of a weight gain (hence 9 not 10)."
"I don&#039;t see a whole lot of reviews from younger men. I am 24 with all the usual symptoms as everyone else, such as no sex drive at all or motivation or energy.  T levels were 260. Got prescribed two pumps a day from the VA...I feel slightly better after about a week but nothing great yet. I feel that I need to go up to at least 6 pumps but I will find out in the beginning of Dec when my next blood work is scheduled, until then I will keep hope that it starts working better."
"I have been on Eliquis for 18 months for atrial fib.  I have not experienced any side effects other than I bruise more easily than before.  I had a cryogenic heart ablation performed 8 months ago,  followed up with heart monitoring for 2 weeks.  My surgeon has released me to go off all heart medications as of today (sotolol, Eliquis)."
"I&#039;ve been on sprintec for three months now. It has made me lose my appetite almost completely. I find myself eating once a day if that because nothing sounds or looks good. I have lost 15 pounds since I started it which is okay unless I keep losing weight. I have no mood swings or cramps and my period is predictable and comes on the same day each month. However, my face broke out insanely the second month and is just now clearing up and I bled/spotted for almost a whole month the second month."
"I have had severe side effects taking the Belsomra &amp; REFUSE to take anymore. I had Very ABNORMAL Dreams where I was fully awake and paralyized in bed. I tried to yell out for my husband and couldn&#039;t , I tried moving my arms to get out of bed and felt I was  being held back. One of the worst nights of my life. It had such a Demonic tone about it. I wrote my Doctor and and informed her that I will NOT be taking this medication any longer."
"Without this medication, I wouldn&#039;t be able to do all the things that a mum is supposed to do. I&#039;ve 3 small children and its hard especially with bulging discs and joints that because of wear and tear are so incredibly painful. The only thing is the withdrawal&#039;s. I forgot to get my script over the holiday and had no pain relief for 4 days. It was the worst 4 days of my whole entire life. I will never ever put myself through that EVER again. If I could give 1 bit of advice to someone who was starting on this medication it would be only take what you need."
"I have had Implanon in for about a month, I enjoy it because I don&#039;t have to remember to protect myself with the pill. However I have been bleeding since it was put in, not heavy bleeding just annoyed with having to wear a tampon everyday, BUT I have 3 kids and cannot afford another! I have not gained any weight but I also exercise 4 to 5 times a week! It&#039;s a great birth control so far! I definitely recommend it to woman who already have kids (life gets hectic and you tend to forget to take pills, etc.)."
"This pill was recommended by my OB after removing my birth control implant. I told her my concerns were huge in the weight gain department because any BC I&#039;ve ever tried I&#039;ve always gained weight. I took the pill for about 6 months then decided to stop because I was having a hard time losing weight. Once I stopped taking it I didn&#039;t get a period for like four months. I went to the doctor &amp; they had to put me on hormones to jump start my period again. I was finally starting to lose weight &amp; get back to normal when I decided to get back on this pill because IT ACTUALLY DID help control my moods. Well. I&#039;ve been taking it again for like a week &amp; now I&#039;m back to being hungry all the time!!! "
"Greeting from England!  I have been taking this medication for over 5 years now and cannot fault it.  A lot of people think this medicine &#039;numbs&#039; emotions but it made me feel like a new person.  I only take 50mg, but this has made all the difference to my life.  No side effects at all. CBT was useful as well. I tried Prozac but it had a severe effect on me."
"Good night sleep"
"This is my first time trying birth control. had my IUD placed on the 16th of this month. Insertion was fine; it was quick, and it feels like period cramps when it&#039;s being inserted. I felt great the first day, but by the 2nd day, I had TREMENDOUS amounts of pain. I had back pain, abdominal pain, leg pain, and neck pain which I never had before. It got worse as the days passed, and all I could do was lay in bed. I had severe pain which would make me yelp. Intercourse was painful and uncomfortable. I scheduled a follow up appointment because I wasn&#039;t able to feel the strings for the past 3-4 days. Appointment was today. Turns out the IUD was partially expelled, but I don&#039;t know how long it had been expelled for. I don&#039;t recommend this at all."
"The birth control is definitely doing its job at making sure I don&#039;t get pregnant, so that&#039;s why I gave it some stars.  
However, I have been experiencing BAD hair loss and lifeless hair which I have narrowed down to this pill, and have noticed other women mention the same thing. 
I also get motion sickness in vehicles if I am not driving.  I have gained 10 pounds since getting on this medication and my diet and expercise regiment has not changed.  My skin was clear to begin with, and I did not end up getting acne from Reclipsen, except for a few pimples right before my period.  My periods are average.  My PMS seems worse than it used to be.  I will be making an appointment to switch my birth control.  I hope this helps someone."
"I&#039;ve only been on tri-sprintec for a month and I&#039;m already having severe side effects. Nausea, headaches, acne worse than I&#039;ve ever had in my life, and the worst, severe anxiety and depression.  The second week I experienced suicidal intrusive thoughts that caused me to go into panic attacks. The only upside for me was that it helped my heavy flow and shortened my period from 6 or 7 days to 4 days. 

I would much rather live with a long, heavy period than what I went through for a week straight."
"I have been taking 200mgs of Carbatrol every day for 8 years, due to TN. My TN is the typical type, stabbing facial pain. I don&#039;t know what I would do without this medication. It allows me to live a normal life without any pain and I have no side effects. Sometimes my insurance asks me to use Tegretol because it&#039;s cheaper and has the same main ingredient, but I react horribly to it. I&#039;m lucky to I have a doctor that is willing to advocate for me. Frankly though, I would pay out of pocket for the Carbatrol before I would use a generic. If you have TN and don&#039;t have a good reaction to Tegretol I would definitely recommend trying Carbatrol."
"Junel Fe has caused me to be come EXTREMELY emotional and I have gained at least 10 pounds in my stomach area. I feel embarrassed because I am usually a small petite girl. I&#039;m definitely going to call my pharmacist to ask."
"Used this for a month and did not lose any weight. I read some reviews and did not go through any of the symptoms I saw. I gave it 2 stars because aI did notice it suppressed my appetite a little. I refilled and gave it another shot but the next month was more of the same. Went off it a few days, maybe a week, and this morning I took one......... Holy crap I feel like an ice cube. Never been this cold in my life and also been in the bathroom all day with #2 imitating a faucet. I can honestly say, soon as I get out this bed, rest of them are going in the trash. Worst $190 (2 months with discount card) I have ever spent on a weightloss gimmick. Now back to the meal plan and lots of exercise."
"I don&#039;t know whats worse the bleeding for 6 months straight or the horrible depression, anxiety, and mood swings. I thought I was crazy luckily me and my friend both got it together and experienced the exact same side effects. So we both knew it was the implanon. The worst mental breakdown of my life. My hormones finally leveled out and I feel like myself again! It took 7 months of mood swings and bleeding nonstop. But I&#039;m starting to feel normal again. I haven&#039;t removed it because they keep telling me once your hormones stabilize I&#039;ll be fine so I toughed it out. And feel 100% better. I just hope it stays this way."
"I was only on this drug for two weeks and developed Severe swelling, redness and pain to bone above ankle, pain in thumb, reconstructed breasts felt like they were on fire and I cannot feel 4 of my toes in my right foot! I now am wearing a boot on my left foot for the swelling!"
"I have been on it about 2 years . I think just when it came out I started it. I honestly can&#039;t tell if it&#039;s working but when I don&#039;t take it I am agitated. I mean if I forgot . I&#039;d rather not be on drugs because of all the bad side effects but who knows whats happening with all these pills to our bodies . I just hope 20 years down the road they don&#039;t find out this stuff was bad"
"This drug is pretty good. I like how 1 dose can last most of the day, but I was on 1mg klonopin after being on 2x2mg lorazepam a day and the klonopin doesn&#039;t seem as effective. I like it because it does not cause as much drowsiness as Xanax, but it does make me a lot more drowsy than lorazepam. You can take it once a day for simplicity, but like all benzodiazapines are addictive.

I started suffering bad panic attacks after switching, but I believe that was the mistake of my doctor by not converting the doses correctly."
"Active in my 40&#039;s and tried other BPs but they never worked well.  Tried Edarbi by cutting the 40mg in half and taking 20mg/day and BP plummeted to 120/70.  It has a much greater affinity to the angiotensin receptor and for a much longer period than any other ARB which is why it is the best, thus you don&#039;t need much for it to work.

Side effects are dizziness if you bend over for a bit and then stand up.  You can get briefly lightheaded so you need to not move to make sure you don&#039;t fall down if that happens.  Other than that none but I also take half the lowest dose."
"I had been on generic ropinirole for months and because it was so effective I tolerated severe nausea, nasal congestion, hiccups and flushing because I was desperate to sleep.  When I talked to my neuro he had me switch to name brand based on side effects and it was so bizarre.  The drug works great and with zero side effects.  He said the dosing range that generics are allowed to meet is much too large for some of the neurology drugs and because pharmacy plans frequently switch which generic manufacturer they use it is impossible to avoid dosage problems as well.  The issue for me was also one of side effects from additives that were not in brand Requip but were in the generic.  Hope this helps someone."
"I have been taking this medication for a week now. I had very high hopes after reading all the other reviews.  I am taking it every morning, and so far no weight loss at all.  Although, I haven&#039;t had luck on any of the other medicines for weight loss either. "
"Okay so I&#039;ve avoided this medication for SO long because of these reviews. IDK if you other ladies are allergic to something in the medication or what but my experience was fine! I get recurrent yeast infections so I&#039;ve tried everything under the sun EXCEPT for
monistat. I&#039;ve tried terconazole, clotrimazole, boric acid, gentian violet, etc. once I inserted it, I was super itchy for like the first half hour to an hour, then everything calmed down and felt soooo soothing. I woke up just now and feel great! No itching, didn&#039;t experience any burning. IDK what all the negativity is about. I&#039;ll check back in a few days to see if my infection is cured! have no fear ladies:)"
"I&#039;ve Been taking Sprintec for a month now  andwhen I started the white pills I spotted for 5 days and my periods got heavier. I bleed for 7 days and its heavy and my emotions are off the wall. I&#039;m really emotional and don&#039;t really have a sex drive."
"I&#039;ve been on it for 6 months and the constant diarrhea and nausea is getting to me.  I need to call my doctor to find a alternative."
"I have been using Clobex spray for nearly 2 years. It is the best so far. My psoriasis is on my scalp, elbows and small spots here  and there on my body.  The Spray is the wonderful, real easy to use for applying to my scalp at odd angels."
"worked well also included Vira - Pak. Moderiba this drug keeps you unable to sleep (very speedy)  My doctor lowered my dose this helped greatly. Manufacturers program, qualified was givin the drugs for free. Thank God of Israel !"
"DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION!!! I have lost at least 50% of my hair! This is horrible. I&#039;ve had no other changes but this medication."
"Crestor has been the only statin that has lowered my cholesterol and I have been taking statins since they came out. I have had no side effects and rate this drug as # 1 for cholesterol."
"This did not cause any change in my rosacea whatsoever. I was started on 100 mg daily. After one month of no change, I contacted the dermatologist. They increased it to 2 times a day. I did that for about 1 week with no changes and finally said forget it. I&#039;m not going to continue to take medication that doesn&#039;t work."
"I&#039;ve had good experience with this pill so far. I&#039;ve been taking it almost a year &amp; if I know I&#039;m going to eat something that might trigger an attack, I take it a few minutes before I eat &amp; 9 out of 10 times, I do fine. This is coming from someone that was scared to eat anywhere away from home because my attacks would get so bad. I went to the ER a number of times because I couldn&#039;t bare the pain. This has been a miracle pill for me."
"I take lexapro because my wife turns me nuts. Yes, I got depressed because I have been opressed, by her. So I started taking lex, now I don&#039;t care about my wife&#039;s outrages.  I think it is her that needs it. Also my libido is down. That is a down"
"I took one pill of this as it&#039;s supposed to help with treating nausea. At the time, I was experiencing severe nausea and this pill did absolutely nothing to help me. It caused stomach upset, which I find to be really weird. As it is supposed to be designed to get rid of such."
"Gives me noticeable stomach pain on occasion and I only take when I am desperate due to the risk of it causing stomach ulcers/intestinal bleeding in otherwise healthy people. 
It works very well to stop joint and menstrual pain though and also relaxes my joints and gives greater flexibility."
"I took Hydrazine 50mg on January 11, 2017.  It felt like someone had given me a shot of Morphine. This med messed me up. My heart rate was 122 my chest hurt and I had difficulty breathing. I was dizzy, tired, and sleepy and immediately called my Cardiologist and reported my side effect. I was told to take 50mg of Metoprolol so it would lower my heart rate. My legs and arm muscles hurt and I will never take this medication again."
"Week 5 - I have reached the maximum 3.0 on the injection pen. This is what I have to say about week 5: &quot;so this is what it feels like not to be hungry, always totally obsessed with food and when and what I will be eating next!&quot; Woo Ho! I have had the best week! Been able to eat healthy meals, not pig out, stop when I&#039;m full and feel normal. I have lost about 10 kgs in 5 weeks. I am not exercising - just always busy and active. 
For fatigue and energy I take a multi, vitamin C, iron and Berroca when I need it for a boost. I will be getting a prescription to continue with this injection for another month and keep monitoring progress."
"I&#039;ve been on Lo Loestrin for about 5-6 and my periods are either light or non exsistant which is great! My cramps even lessened and I don&#039;t have to take anything for them anymore which is fantastic! However I&#039;ve been bloated for 6 months so much so that my clothes are tight and it&#039;s embarrassing as I work out 4 times a week and am very healthy. My face breaks out all the time now with painful cyst like red dots that never form into a pimple and my face has always been clear. My loved ones are complaining about my short fuse and major crankiness which isn&#039;t like me at all. My sex drive is gone and I&#039;m in my early 30s, it like happened over night. I&#039;ll be switching to something immediately as I was hoping all this would go away."
"After 4 months I thought I was doing quite well on 10mg Brintellix until I had very bad headaches.  MRI imaging demonstrated I had constricted  blood vessels in my brain a second test showed it had reversed itself. My neurologist strongly advised I discontinue this med because SSRI antidepressants can trigger Reversible Vasoconstriction Syndrome which can cause strokes and brain bleeds.  I started Wellbutrin XL 150mg which doesn&#039;t target serotoin I&#039;m told.  I&#039;m not doing as well and sometimes think about taking a chance and restarting Brintellix and at least have a better quality of life!  Depression sucks!"
"Tried patches for back pain due to degenerative disc disease.  The patches had no effect whatsoever.  I currently just take 800mg of ibuprofen every 8-12 hours to get the best relief.  I refuse to take opioids and tramadol is a joke."
"I&#039;ve been on Kadian for 8 months (car accident 3 years ago, suffering from extensive postural and disc and recently diagnosed PTVS symptoms since). I&#039;m 22 and started feeling able to live my life again after taking Kadian (10mg 2 x day) and it seemed to make my mood better. It no longer works at current dose and doctor won&#039;t move up a dose, and doesn&#039;t believe in short-acting medicines. First 6 months it really did wonders and gave me a lot of my life back. Constipation is brutal with this medicine - I take Miralax daily with some relief. Withdrawals are horrific."
"Chronic pain"
"I decided to write this review so other women can really research before having an IUD inserted. Tomorrow will be a week since my IUD insertion. The insertion was painful and awful. First Liletta inserted fell off &amp; than I had another put in. My pain never ceased. I have been bloated since insertion, plus I have the urge to urinate often. I had it inserted on a Thursday. Since my doctor told me the pain would last a couple of days, I decided to wait it out but the past weekend was July 4th. To top it off my doctor wasn&#039;t there on Yesterday. Today(Wednesday), I finally went in. The IUD was no where to be found. I was sent for an X-ray and sure enough it looks like it either perforated my bladder or uterus. I&#039;m scheduled for surgery in 12hrs"
"Just had Liletta put in today, The procedure didnt take long the pain was bearable but definitely did not feel good. Had some intense cramping for the first few hours been taking 800 mg. Ibuprofen every few hours. I was already on my period when it was inserted so not sure if i bled with insertion or not. Hoping for the best. I did not read up on it at all before hand because I didn&#039;t want to chicken out and not get it, and now I have read up on it and I&#039;m seriously hoping I did not make a big mistake I don&#039;t need any more weight gain or acne or longer periods."
"I am 11 wks pregnant and after my first OB/GYN appointment they called me with results that I had urinary tract infection. I was shocked because I didn&#039;t have any symptoms other than pressure by my bladder which I was relating to the pregnancy. I was prescribed 100mg of Macrobid x 3 days taking 1 capsule every 12 hrs. The first night I took it a couple hours after dinner and went to sleep. BIG MISTAKE! I woke up vomiting ate a bagel right away and took second pill. I felt nauseated all day, tired, and mild headache. The remaining pills I took directly after a full meal and felt a little better. If it wasn&#039;t for the medicine only being for 3 days I don&#039;t think I could&#039;ve taken it any longer. I just kept telling myself that if I don&#039;t finish it a UTI can be much more serious."
"The best"
"After being placed on Adderall XR 20mg I started getting really bad restless leg syndrome. After doing some research I found out that Adderall, and other amphetamines, can lower the level of magnesium in the body. I found out that chelated magnesium is one of the most bio-available forms. I figured if I was going to spend money on magnesium I might as well get the most bang for my buck. After getting my magnesium from Amazon I happily began taking them. Within 2 days my restless leg was 100% gone. This stuff is amazing. I recently had my levels checked and I am within normal range so that must mean I was indeed deficient. This stuff is amazing. I"
"My accident happened on the 18th ( he came in me no condom) I within an hour ran out and got Take Action pill which is generic for plan B . Next day I had some light spotting that was dark Along with cramps and bloat but nothing excruciating. On the 23rd in the am I started bleeding heavy dark blood . Today the 25 th  and I am still bleeding heavy , this has to be my period . So for me it came just 5 days after the accident. My last normal period was 8/12-8/16. So two periods in a month . But I&#039;m not pregnant . So just relax and let the pill work. I am 26 , 5&#039;2 and 145#."
"I had been on Gildess Fe 1/20 for about 2 and a half years until its recent recall. Like many others on this feed, the pharmacy automatically switched me to Blisovi FE. This pill has ruined my body. I haven&#039;t had this much acne on my face since I was a teenager, and I have gained SO much weight in my stomach. I usually work out vigorously 4-6 days/week and seldom eat junk food or fast food, but with the way my body looks, I might as well be sitting on the couch from morning to night eating nothing but pizza and cheeseburgers. I guess this pill prevents pregnancy because no one wants to have sex with a whale. I will be starting Apri after I&#039;m done with this pill pack...the next week CAN NOT come soon enough."
"Recently got back on birth control after many years of not being on it. This pill is okay. It&#039;s a contraceptive and does its job, but it wasn&#039;t the pill for me. Easy to take by mouth, no big deal. But, the side effects for me were: I would headaches after taking the pill and sometimes randomly during the day. Also, the third week i started the new color, my emotions were off the wall. I wasn&#039;t eating properly and was over thinking EVERYTHING. I asked to switch &amp; now will be trying the generic version. Just because this pill wasn&#039;t for me, doesn&#039;t mean it is for someone else."
"Have had problems with social anxiety since I was a teenager and I must say after trying Paxil, Seroquel, Zoloft and Wellbutrin, Paxil is by far the best. Only big catch is don&#039;t miss a dose you will have a panic attack."
"Wonder drug, stops seizures, stops things that can bring on a seizure, stops pain after seizures, stops bad side effects of my other anti-seizure medicines. I could not take any other seizure medicines but Valium helped. Not enough sleep can cause a seizure and Valium helps me sleep."
"Don&#039;t know much about gabapetin. Dr hesitated putting mr on it. Find relief  taking Hypericum perf. (From St. John&#039;s wort) it is anatural product. When my pain flares up I use it. It usually decreases the pain 50-75 %. It is cheap."
"This has been a miracle for me. I&#039;ve been on it for two weeks and its already helping. The only thing is I have terr"
"I am a 40 something woman and started this med to control bleeding.  It made me nauseous for the first week then I was fine. My poor husband. Between the 15 pound weight gain and the mood swings I have been quite un-happy! I agree with the other statements that it makes you very depressed.  I struggle with depression and this made it a lot worse.  I would rather go back to bleeding every two weeks than deal with this crap! Starting on something different next week.  Thank you to everyone who also replied.  I don&#039;t feel like it is just me.  It is definitely the medicine!   So long Estarylla!!"
"Excellent for opiate withdrawals."
"My son was diagnosed with ADHD. He was having problems at school such as focusing, following directions, sitting still.. etc. We decided to use the Daytrana patch since he isn&#039;t able to take pills. This so far is working wonders. He is on his first week and is already showing signs of improvement! I recommend this product."
"Great product. It works great for me."
"I was put on Breo and was amazed on how well I  felt but it didn&#039;t last long. My symptoms were getting worse and it wasn&#039;t until I had wisdom teeth pulled that I  realized that Breo was making me worse. After having my wisdom teeth pulled out I was scared  to use my inhaler. I was told no straws because the sucking in cold pull stitches out so the day after I didn&#039;t use Breo the next day I couldn&#039;t belive how well I could breath and each day was even better. I was using my rescue inhaler once every 4/5 hours and I  felt good so even though at first Breo seemed good over time it didn&#039;t agree with me. I&#039;m  seeing my respitalogist next week to see what&#039;s next for me as the rescue inhaler is not enough."
"A number of doctors told me there was no cure for IBS and that I just needed to watch what I ate. My misery continued for years, until I went to a gastro specialist who put me on this - it nearly cured me. I need to be a little careful with rich and spicy food but otherwise I am effectively cured using a 10mg dose."
"I have received 36 infusions and from the 1st one, my progression stopped. My major side effect is extreme confusion. I feel as if I am going insane and taking my husband of 28 years with me. He is my biggest supporter, my hero, etc. I do not know how I would have made it the past 3 years without him. He is my translator because I get so confused I tell stories totally wrong, I talk backwards. I skip every other sentence but the thing I must keep remembering is that my MRI&#039;s have not changed from the day I started Tysabri. I am staying with it for 12 more months and hopefully my wonderful husband, doctor and I will survive this."
"I&#039;m one week in with victoza and my appetite has decreased significantly, having gastroenteritis symptoms on an evening and really bad flatulence! Am eating small meals of bland food to compensate, started on 0.6 dose and will increase in a couple of days to 1.2. Good news am losing weight! No sugar cravings! Will keep you all posted on how it progresses"
"I had a fusion 30 years ago. This has lead to degenerative disc disease. I am only 52 and have the spine of a 100 year old person. I tried every pain reliever in the book over 9 years. I was recently put on the methadone and it has saved my life. I can now walk, stand, sit through a movie with no pain and no side effects. It is a God send for chronic pain."
"I started this medication beginning of 2016, just after new year 2017 I got thrush and still have it today. Didn&#039;t realise this could cause thrush until today. Last 11/12 weeks have been terrible, felt like I was going mad with the itching, burning and frequent pain. Couldn&#039;t stand, sit or lie down without wanting to rip my skin off. As soon as another tablet is prescribed, I will come off it. Shame, it had brought my sugars down, but did not lose weight."
"I have be prescribed 100mg twice a day for 4sks now and it has been up &amp; down for me. I switched from Lexapro (which worked for a few months than started to fade off &amp; was excited to switch based on the reviews. The first week or so I did notice a difference but I couldn&#039;t really judge it because of me just getting off of Lexapro. Now this week has been horrible. I have been extremely irritable, had crazy crying spells, I feel like I felt before taking medication. I feel extremely down, no energy to do anything that use to be fun. My anxiety is through the roof and my friends are telling me that I&#039;ve been very angry lately. I&#039;m praying that these symptoms pass. I also fee like I have something stuck in my throat all the time."
"This is the worst thing I ever did to myself. Got this in August 2016 got my period beginning of September and it&#039;s now December 2nd and I&#039;m STILL have my period from September. To make matters worse I had surgery on November 18th and since then it&#039;s been dark nasty and smells. On that note I have an appointment to get it out on December 6th and hopefully my period goes back to normal.

The only reason this birth control works is because who wants to have sex when they have nasty blood coming out of them?!"
"There are times when I can go without going to toilet for 2-3 weeks. I have been to the doctors who just prescribe fibre drinks but they don&#039;t work and just cause me to bloat. I have been using dulcolax for the last 10 years because it&#039;s the only thing that works. Yes, it does cause stomach cramps and nausea, on occasions I haven&#039;t felt pain quite like it, however I would rather go through the cramping for a couple of hours than feel uncomfortable for 2-3 weeks! Once dulcolax has taken its course I feel so much better in myself. No gas, no bloating and back to my normal self. I would advise people with a low pain threshold to avoid taking this medication however if you suffer with constipation as bad as I, then it&#039;s definitely worth taking"
"I was put on Fluoxetine 40mg daily due to a particularly bad bout of depression that left me unable to work or even get out of bed. That was over a year ago and it was a GODSEND. I started on 10mg and increased to 40 within a month, close to no side effects (some stomach pain), and the relief of my depression happened within the first week. After a month and a half on it I was feeling great and alive again! It was amazing! After 8 months on the medication, I decided to wean off. That went well, however anxiety started building up again. I believe my condition has now changed. I was put back on Fluoxetine 40mg but felt no relief of my anxiety whatsoever and had to add Ativan to my regimen. I am now exploring other options but it was great!"
"My son is 8 months old. I was in the middle of switching birth controls. My husbands condom broke 13 weeks ago, and I decided to try out Plan B not even 6 hours after sex. HUGE waste of money. I&#039;m now 13 weeks pregnant with my second child at a very young age (even though I am married). I don&#039;t have the heart to even consider getting an abortion. My comfort, love, and excitement is slowly growing in this pregnancy... But I was really counting on Plan B to be here for me for this very bad timing.. Plan B One Step is a huge waste of money and sucks."
"It seemed to help my depression and anxiety but the trade off was the side effects I experienced.  If I was a few hours late I would experience significant withdraws that made my anxiety worse than it was.  I had sexual side effects such as lack of sex drive and inability to ejaculate during intercourse.  "
"It works well. I&#039;ve been on it for 8 months. I think the only bad thing is that I spot before I start the last week of pills. It&#039;s not a big deal but it&#039;s kind of annoying. I was switched the first month from Lutera to Orsythia and I didn&#039;t have any side effects from either. I haven&#039;t gained weight, my sex drive is great, and I haven&#039;t had any random breakouts. It&#039;s a good pill."
"Loperamide is very helpful for diarrhea within 4 (or fewer caplets). It helps with the stomach cramping too. It was also helpful for when I had the stomach flu."
"I had my implanon inserted September 17th 2012. Before that I had a baby June 30th 2012. So im not so sure as to if I have gained weight from this product or from having a baby or even if it&#039;s from one or the other and im just overweight.  Anyways I had it removed in February this year 2015. I have to say this is a great form of birth control.  Never got pregnant on it. That was the whole purpose of having it inserted. The reason I decided to have it extracted is due to possible weight gain, mood swings, no period at all, and I did have a lower sex strive. Since I had it removed my mood swings got better,  I have more of a sex strive which I didn&#039;t think it was decreasing, and I didn&#039;t start my period till after I had my paragard inserted."
"I am finishing my second month of twice per week injections of Enbrel and it had worked wonders for me. I no longer have the plaque Psoriasis and I can finally wear short sleeves without being embarrassed. Going on job interviews was torture in the summer because I always wore long sleeves to hide my embarrassment of the psoriasis. Even some of my patients asked me if I was contagious because the scales got so bad. I am a nurse so giving the injections to myself was a whole lot different then giving shots to my patients.  I rotate the sites around my body and have not had any site reactions.  I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve had any bad reactions to Enbrel and I hope I never do. As long as it keeps working I will keep taking the injections."
"So I had my first injections one year ago, worked great. Be sure you know what your paying and when (so there is no sticker shock). My Doc suggested a one time injection this time around, so I&#039;m going with his recomendation (they charge per visit for X3). I would like to share one knee, torn meniscus one week (after year had expired) waited two week for recoup, other knee went after the two week. So I&#039;m wait for pre-authorization for the shots for both knee&#039;s. Down the road I am probably looking at knee replacement, but don&#039;t want to get cut until all other options are exausted."
"I was on accutane (isotretinoin) from December 2015 to July 2016. I had severe acne all over my face, chest, back, and shoulders. Post-accutane my skin was clear as water and I got so many compliments on my skin. My skin was clear and I never got one pimple until mid April 2017 I noticed pimples reappearing on my skin. I got in touch with my derm and she prescribed me tretinoin 0.025% and a face wash- sodium  sulfacetamide with salycic acid. I am now on 0.05% and I have been on the gel for a little over 8 weeks. I have seen significant improvement since I started and I did experience about a month and a half of initial breakout. I highly recommend this gel and don&#039;t give up! It takes time and my skin is still clearing up. Patience!!!!!"
"I posted below. Been taking since Sept, I take 50ml x3 at night although presp says 3 a day. Sleep like a baby, no pain still, and wake refreshed. At first it might make u feel little drunk in am, just silly, nothing bad. Still working and a lifesaver! I needed to update on the free prescription, it&#039;s Pfizer website and goto patient presp program. Fill out info along w required things, mail it, in 2 weeks u get letter if accepted, then prsp comes by FedEx! U have to call close to running out each month so that Pfizer can fedex u your refill! Got mine paid for a year! Otherwise it&#039;s $400 for 90 pills. I get 50ml free from Pfizer a 90 day supply! Thank you Pfizer!"
"I thought it was a placebo until I tried not taking it.  It is a miracle drug that worked for me in 2 doses."
"I am 52 years old and after having difficulty with urinary flow, multiple bathroom trips per night , I finally went to the doctor for the dreaded check.  After no serious issues were found, my doctor suggested Rapaflo.  He forewarned me about the anejaculation, but said I would still have the sensation associated with ejaculation.  After about a month, the sensation has ceased to exist. "
"After having a spinal cord injury, I was placed on very high doses of Pxycontin.  The &quot;long term&quot; pain management plan was for me to continue on Pxycontin and at some point move down to Percocet.  Indefinitely I guess.

Oxycontin made me feel horrible.  I just wanted to sleep all the time. The pain wasn&#039;t as bad, but then again, nothing else was either...I was a walking zombie.

I was finally referred to a doctor that had used Suboxone to treat long term pain issues.  Within one week of starting Suboxone, I felt like I had my life back.

I was able to wean down to a dose that works for me, and have no plans of discontinuing use. "
"Have had best results with sugar spikes with this medication. Love it."
"I have taken Paxil 10mg for 6 weeks for chronic post traumatic stress disorder. It has helped a lot already decreased my anxiety about 20%. I&#039;m going to try to go up to 20mg and see how much that works, because my anxiety is still moderately high. The only side effect I got from it is sedation, I can take it and soon after I take it I fall asleep. It has also helped my depression, I can now start to function again. With this Paxil I&#039;m almost out of my depression. I also took Celexa before Paxil and it worked for about a year and that was it, so that&#039;s why I&#039;m on Paxil now, and it works 10 times better than Celexa."
"Paxil does help with depression, anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder. It makes you lose weight but the weight comes back fast when you stop taking it."
"This is my first time ever trying adipex. Today 2/28/16 was my start day n I took 1 pill around 7:00am n I&#039;m usually not a breakfast person bout I was told to at least eat something so I ate yogurt.....I am 27, 5&#039;3 n my start weight is 247.4, a size 18 or 2x-3x . My startup goal is to at least lose 30lbs.  And get down to 14-16. I plan on dieting, trying to eat healthier at least a 1200 calories, and I&#039;m trying the lean shakes I plan on going to the gym/walking the track Mon-Friday. And doing home excercises on weekends....this is my first time ever dieting n trying to lose weight....I am doing this to feel better about myself...I am looking forward to this weight lose journey n with motivation n determination I know I can do it.weighin update Sunday"
"Good so far.  This is my first use of the 180mg tablet.  Since this has been a mild winter, I have been fighting allergies and bronchitis for months.  Tussionex and Cheratussin neither one worked.  I&#039;m still coughing, but not at much.  The only problem is, I can&#039;t go to sleep at night."
"This is my first attempt at a depression medication.  I am a 42 year old male, married with 3 kids a full time job and run two businesses.  My main issue is slight depression but more stress and agitation with kids along with some anxiety.  It has been 6 days that I have been on 10mgs and I am very pleased (mostly).  By day 2 I noticed I was not as easily agitated and less stressful, a wonderful thing!  However there are 2 side effects that I am noticing, restless legs syndrome and insomnia.  The two are enough that I did not take my pill this morning, hoping to get some sleep tonight. "
"Valtrex has been a life saver in relation
to recurring shingles. It reduces the pain and inflammation and duration of the outbreak."
"I am very displeased. I started cryselle because my previous birth control wasn&#039;t strong enough to stop bleeding caused by endometriosis. This drug made me very sad, depressed and angry and I had a lot of mood swings. On top of all of that, I gained 14 pounds in a month. What fun."
"Works very well for migraines. "
"Works great. Take as directed."
"Used the patch for my first cruise as I normally suffer from motion Sickness..I only got dry mouth and blurred vision but most people think this is from the patch when in fact its from your fingers after you have touched it or placed it you must always wash your hands as people do tend to scratch or touch eyes and the medication is transferred that was far more than a side effect via the application. I would never go on a cruise without it..Works a treat and can easily last for 4 days. I would highly recommend it."
"One day at work I felt an explosion in my head after that i thought that undercover cops were watching me following me couldn&#039;t sleep at all eventually had a psychotic break Checked in to Psycho ward released and prescribed Zyprexa. After gaining about 50 pounds and feeling like a zombie I tried latuda within a couple weeks started to feel better. I had much more energy sleeping a normal 6-8 hours wakeing up refreshed and ready to take on the day,confidence back able to go out in public.after a few months with an active life style all the weight i had gained on zyprexa fell off. normal again Great.  Side Effects: memory loss,dry mouth. Dose:20 mg night"
"I start taking phentermine Dec 16, 2015 my start weight was 254 as of Dec 31, 2015 I&#039;m 237 I work out and eat right that&#039;s 17 pounds in 8 days my goal is too be 180 or 175 by end of February"
"I have severe depression and general anxiety disorder.  I take 100mg/day of Zoloft, and that pretty well takes care of my depression, and most of my panic attacks.  Occasionally, I&#039;ll take 0.25mg for a panic attack, but I&#039;m cautious because sometimes the downside of coming off a panic attack sends me into a fit of depression.  I highly recommend both Zoloft and Xanax, I just want to put the word out there to use good judgement when treating a panic attack when you have depression as well."
"Non stop bleeding for months"
"I&#039;m 58 &amp; have smoked for 40 yrs. 1 1/2-2 packs a day. I&#039;m on my 3rd month &amp; still smoking 5-7 a day.  I have to quit but don&#039;t want to.  I&#039;m a 6 month breast cancer survivor and they took away my hormones that I&#039;ve been on for 30 yrs. So in the last 6 months I&#039;ve had a lumpectomy, 7 wks of radiation, no hormones and am trying to quit smoking.  Needless to say the doctor gave me a prescription for depression. Now I&#039;m gaining weight because I&#039;m not smoking.  I expected Chantix to be a miracle pill, but now I realize it won&#039;t work unless I truly want to quit.  I REFUSE TO GIVE UP AND WILL CONTINUE WITH CHANTIX UNTIL I QUIT."
"I have been taking Pristiq for about 5 months now and after an initial positive reaction...it has let me down.  After about 2 months my dosage was increase from 50mg to 100mg.  All was well for another short time until a massive and quick weight gain began (25lbs). I was constantly tired but a complete insomniac. Neck and jaw tightening were also a constant.  My dose was lowered back to 50mg which helped, again for only a short time. I am now on my 4th day off the drug and feel &quot;crashed&quot;. Wishing everyone the best."
"Great."
"Been on it for about 5 years now. 
Cleared my acne that I had on my face, chest, and back. Still have small breakouts here and there but nothing compared to before I was on it. I have gained a small amount of weight but not bad weight, I love it! Lol I have unprotected sex with my husband that I&#039;ve been with for 6 years and haven&#039;t gotten pregnant lol"
"Been off/on antidepressants for 20  years. Been on 100 mg of Zoloft for about 5 years now and was having some adverse effects- gained a lot of weight for starters.  Started Pristiq about 3 weeks ago. I feel a lot clearer in the mind- guess I didn&#039;t realize the Fog I was in on the Zoloft. I&#039;m not hungry- lost seven pounds in the first two weeks. Had some headaches while switching over. Sleep hasn&#039;t been a problem- but I have found that I need to take the meds at the same time in the mornings or I have headaches. So far, so good. Hopefully it will continue long term. I will probably be on meds the rest of my life- I&#039;ve come to terms with that. Hoping this will be the last one I&#039;m on!"
"This product is a lifesaver! I use Duac at night in combination with Differin in the morning and Sumadan wash before I apply both, and it has done wonders for my skin. I broke out terribly last year (I was 15 then) with huge white heads and bumps all across my forehead and T-zone, and the occasional chin zit. I began using this in June and by the end of the summer my acne was COMPLETELY gone. Aside from being slightly drying (which is totally fine so long as you use a moisturizer 30 minutes after applying)  this medicine is wonderful. I&#039;d definitely recommend this to anyone struggling with moderate to severe acne, but don&#039;t be disappointed if it doesn&#039;t work right away like it did for me. Also, the tube lasted me forever! Almost 9 months."
"Works great! Lost 10 pounds in two weeks. Also gives me energy to do things like play with my kids when I would normally be too tired."
"I have ovarian cysts. I LOVE Lo Loestrin Fe. I have been through multiple other birth control pills and they all had bad side effects for me, either making me sick or making my periods last longer than they should. The first month I started Lo Loestrin Fe was a bit rocky as I had a 2 week period, but since then I have had either VERY light periods or no periods at all, and little to no cramping (which before was a BIG issue with me) the only things that might possibly be a negative for me is I&#039;ve gained about 6 lbs but most of that went to my breasts so no complaints there, and the cost is ridiculous as my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it. But I started taking it because I had ovarian cysts, which it seems to have cleared up."
"I have used Phentermine after both of my babies to lose the baby weight. The first time I lost 30 pounds in 5 months. This time it has only been 8 days and I&#039;ve already lost 11 pounds! I have never experienced any negative side effects, I am thirsty and drink a ton of water, I have zero appetite so I have to force myself to eat, but I also feel energized, focused and extremely happy while on Phentermine. I always recommend this to my mommy friends who want to lose their baby weight as well."
"I&#039;ve been on Lutera 28 for a year now. I&#039;ve noticed how if I&#039;m late taking my pill each day, even by two hours, I&#039;ll spot or even start my period early. MAJOR mood swings and depression. Some days I think I&#039;m loosing my mind. It&#039;s effective in preventing pregnancy, however I&#039;ve completely LOST my libido. If you&#039;re considering taking this pill, I would look into other BC options besides this one."
"Started taking Belviq 3 and half months ago, I&#039;ve lost 34 pounds as of today. My obesity is due to emotional eating, eating when not hungry, eating too many calories, greasy junk food, and eating late at night and sometimes in the middle of the night, pigging out to help me sleep. Belviq currently is my holy grail, and I hope to be able to take it the rest of my life, it helps me sleep, and definitely curbs my pigging out. I use Belviq in combination with a FitBit. I count calories watch what I eat, almost completely cut out carbs (except for up to 6 saltine crackers). I have arthritis, I&#039;m 67 and somewhat limited in exercising. If I could lose a lot of weight it would reduce the pressure on my hips and knees. Perhaps then I could walk more."
"I was put on this pill to regulate my period but I was on my period when the doctor gave it to me. I have not stopped bleeding for 3 weeks straight. I started the pill a week ago and I find it gets worse the cramps the bleeding and blood clots. I&#039;m emotionally drained and tired all the time and feel sick. I&#039;ve been on a birth control to stop bleeding before and it worked within 2 to 3 days. I don&#039;t know when I&#039;m going to stop bleeding hopefully soon. I&#039;m getting so tired of it. I just want to feel normal again."
"I stared taking this drug for BV, even though I didn&#039;t really have symptoms of it but my doctor tested me and it was present. I had HORRIBLE diarrhea, nausea, back pain, and tiredness. I would take it with a full meal and bread everytime but my stomach was still upset. I am on my 4th day out of 8 and I hope I can handle taking the rest of the pills. Take with a huge meal and lots of bread or crackers and hope it doesn&#039;t make you sick!"
"Day 1-2 
sweet metallic taste in the mouth after taking the drug
Day 3: 
Sweet metallic taste in the mouth
Some extra production of saliva
Feeling very tired and sleepy in the 2nd half of the day
Reduced appetite 
Day 4:
Feel great in the morning
Sweet metallic taste
Irritated tongue
Excessive production of saliva 
Mild headache
Weakness
Black stools multiple times a day and at night
Ringing in the ears
Reduced appetite 
Day 5:
Sweet metallic taste that doesn&#039;t go away
Tongue hurts
Mild headache
Feeling weak and sleepy
Black stools, many times
Ringing in the ears
No appetite 
Slight dizziness 
Blurred vision
Excessive production of saliva
Vomiting several times 15-30 min after the 3rd doze
Chills
Heart palpitations 
Cramp"
"I have been taking 600mg Aptiom for 3 months and I cannot function!! Dizzy, nervous and unable to consistently function.  I am tired and never want to go anywhere. Now I&#039;m starting Keppra and Aptiom low doses and will see how that works.  I&#039;m miserable.... Unhappy....and NOT MYSELF!  Will keep you posted
...11/1/2016 (in the hospital)"
"I cannot describe how life changing this medication has been for me. I&#039;ve been suffering from anxiety/depression, specifically social anxiety and low self esteem, my whole life. It was at a point where I thought it was normal to be negative, pessimistic, anxious and depressed all the time. I tried EVERYTHING including therapy, exercise, diet and an array of medicines and nothing worked. I nearly developed an addiction to Xanax just trying to combat the anxiety. Prozac, lexapro, Concerta, stratera; Nothing worked. Finally got introduced to Effexor XR. Started on 75mg for 2 months, I wasn&#039;t that satisfied. I got put on 150mg for 2 months then. CANNOT BELIEVE THE DIFFERENCE. I&#039;m happy, confident and positive. AMAZING. Long may it last."
"I developed dry cough for 6 days after having a sore throat. Not being able to sleep at all for almost a week, I finally went to see a doctor. He prescribed 10mg Clarintin and claimed I have post nasal drip, I was skeptical since I didn&#039;t have nose issue but took it since I don&#039;t want to doubt his professionalism, true enough I was still coughing the following 2 days which made me even more cranky due to the lacked of sleep. Thanks to everyone on this site, I found hope and call the doctor back to ask him for Benzonatate 200mg. After taking for 2 days and three times a day, I was finally sleeping! Remember that this drug works best for dry cough like one of the reviewer said and wet cough might not see result as quickly or as effectively!"
"I just got my 3rd shoot.  I feel miserable. back, arm, legs pain, headaches,  gain weight,  along with others side effects
I WILL STOP this prolia treatment"
"10 MONTH RETIN-A USER :
In the begining of summer 2013 I had the worst break out ever! My forehead was full of pimples. I couldn&#039;t stand it anymore so I went to go see my doctor and he prescribed me Retin-A. It says to apply everyday over night after washing your face. So I applied it every night and the first three weeks my acne was okay by the second month I had another mild breakout but by the third month it began to calm down again. By the fourth the skin around my nose started to peel and it was very itchy. Because of this I applied alchol free/ fragrance free lotion and my skin got better. By the 6th month my acne was under control! I only had a couple of pimples here &amp; there. But the product works wonders! It just takes patience!"
"Wow! I am 14 years old, my excessive sweating started at age 10 or 11. It&#039;s just been getting worse as becoming a teen. I would only ever wear black shirts to school. I spent every single day, for years worrying all day at school, &quot;Will I sweat all through my sweater?&quot; in class. It was miserable. 4 Days ago, I told a doctor, he told me to go get &#039;Extra Strong Drysol 35ml&#039; And Oh My Goodness! Thank you Drysol. I have used it every night for the last three nights. Right at this moment, I&#039;m wearing a tight blue shirt, that would be the worst to wear for sweating. I don&#039;t see a single drop!"
"I got Implanon August of 2008 after the birth of my first. By December 2009 I had gained 65 LBS. Because I was in the army at the time I had to eat right and do the best I could to lose this weight. 65 lbs in 4 months is crazy. I just got it taken out it was a little painful but its well worth the pain. I have had it out for 11 days now and I have lost 6 LBS not trying at all. I feel so much better now. "
"After years of hell and sensitivity to so many meds, paroxetine, fluoxetine, venlafaxine, citalopram, amytriptiline, carbamazepine, lithium, sodium valporate, lamotrigine...finally...finally...im on Duloxetine and its working with No side effects...no sweats, no vomiting, no stomach cramps, jaw clenching, loss of sex drive...I cannot believe its actually working and both lifting my mood and killing the pain "
"Great help on stopping pain medicines. This works wonders if taken right."
"Yaz has been a complete lifesaver. I used to suffer with heavy bleeding and cramps that had me bedridden. I&#039;ve been on Yaz since 16 and I don&#039;t regret it at all. I have absolutely no side effects and there is no complications with my health either. If you&#039;re a first timer - Yaz is the way to go."
"This worked very well for me.  I had a hard time after my mother died and this worked wonders."
"I&#039;ve got a really great relationship with my GI &amp; I wanted to share what he told me since I&#039;ve had a LIFEcHANGING experience with Viberzi!!

1 - there are drugs it interacts with that would mean you need to be careful, not take them together, or take a lower dose of Viberzi than the regular recommendation. I think they are mostly antibacterial meds, it&#039;s listed in the drug info but I think a lot of people over look that. 

2- you can&#039;t drink alcohol! I haven&#039;t had a drink in 15 years because it affects my BM&#039;s, but the drug states you should not drink while taking it. 

3 - COPAY card is a MUST! It makes drug $30, and when my insurance denied it because it was new, the company PAID for the drug for me &amp; it paid off my deductible

Thank you!"
"It&#039;s the only ADD med that actually works for me. The higher the dose the clearer I think (male 5&#039;11 185). However, if my dose is over 40mg (I&#039;ve taken as much as a 100mg) then I get erectile dysfunction, penis shrinkage and dry mouth. Once I lowered my dose to 40mg I stopped concentrating as good but the side effects went away too."
"Did exactly what it was suppose to! Thank you for giving me period provera! Now I have a beautiful daughter"
"On the 10 day of 30 mg.  I woke to a miracle .  No chronic pain in my whole entire body for the first time in years.  For years I suffered hour after hour with  4 and 5 in my back. Body pain so bad I was on Norco for years.  Nothing has been more effective to my pain and depression as this medicine.  I hope more physicians prescribe this medicine for these reasons.  I have my life back."
"I have been on contrave for 4 months and have only lost 10 pounds..  Initially I had no side effects and I did experience a loss of appetite....  A week ago I started to get nauseous and dizzy, so I am going to lower myself off this medication...  I am hoping once I go off my appetite doesn&rsquo;t come back but I can&rsquo;t be dizzy driving for my job daily :("
"I have been taking Ambien on and off for 8 years for severe insomnia, mostly related to anxiety and post traumatic stress disorder. Over time my body has built up a dependence and a tolerance. I will lay awake till 5 am if I don&#039;t take it miserable and exhausted for days. The generic doesn&#039;t seen to work as well and since I have been on it so long I usually have to take 20mg to get a full nights sleep, but with certain generics I still wake up at 3am and can&#039;t go back to bed. It has been a God send over the years as I tried everything else. I was treated for depression but those medications made it harder to sleep. At some point I would like to stop being dependent on the medicine but every time I try to quit I go through weeks of with no sleep."
"My experience with this drug is a bitter sweet one. However, the bitter side to it overpowers the sweet by LONG SHOT. Since I was a kid, I&#039;ve had behavioral issues and it wasn&#039;t until I was in my mid teens that they began to truly effect my way of life and my relationships with those around me. I had been taking Bupropion in combination with Sertraline and had no serious problem or complaints. However, when I started to wean off of the Sertral and began taking the Strattera, I began to get irritated and just downright pissed off for no apparent reason. The slightest things set me off, and it&#039;s only gotten worse with increased dosage. I&#039;m gonna stop taking it all together. Screw a bunch of this unprovoked anger stuff. It helps no one."
"I have been on Xatral XR for 3 months and still have 6months of xatral XR to go. I take it once a day to relax my bladder neck. This bladder neck problem causes chronic pain in my testicles and sometimes in my penis.  This is the bigger problem for me.  Slow urination has improved well over the 3 months using xatral, and I hope the testicle pain will go away one day and I can walk normally again.  I used to take arcoxia and other NSAIDs as well, but pain has reduced and I just bear it.

Xatral can make me dizzy when I suddenly stand, but got used to it. However, I took a glass of champagne yesterday and I felt the dizzy spell like tenfold.  I could only see white spots and not much color for 30 minutes. I&#039;ll never drink again while on xatral"
"Relieved my swollen and extremely itchy eyes right away. I&#039;ve been developing conjunctivitis during the worst pollen seasons--very relieved to have a fix."
"Took it due to heavy, long periods. Technically, it did help. My periods went from 7 to 8 days to 4 or 5, and bleeding was cut down to a third of what it was before. Also, it really helped with my ance. However, that&#039;s where the good stuff ends. I experienced HORRIBLE mensual pains at least 7 days before my period that would last until it&#039;s end. I experienced depression worse than I ever had before during my entire time on the pill (about 7 months). The first 3 months were also a nightmare with nausea, migraines, and constant bleeding. Overall, if your gyno suggests this to you to help heavy periods, ask for a lower estrogen birth control. This pill isn&#039;t worth the trauma."
"I have had the copper IUD for close to two weeks. Unprotected sex with my boyfriend and long term birth control are the ONLY pros. Cons include: acne, anxiety, low sex drive, fatigue, weight gain (4 pounds in one week). cramps, random shooting pains. I am a thin woman with a high metabolism &amp; have found it impossible to lose the weight. I look puffy &amp; feel horrible. I wouldn&#039;t wish this experience on anyone. I&#039;m getting it removed today."
"The first month was ok,  but this is my second month of use, and I started bleeding (moderately) in the second week of the pill pack! No fair! I should be into the &quot;no bleeding zone&quot; right now! I am less than thrilled. I feel gross, bloated, and have cramping and  low back pain. I am only on the pill to keep regular, to avoid anemia, but this month it&#039;s doing just the opposite! I don&#039;t know if I should stay on it and give it more time, or go to something else. Ugh!"
"My son is 13 and has been on several ADHD medications.  I liked the Vyvance at first because I did see an improvement in his ability to sit and listen and pay attention, however it didn&#039;t last long enough.  The doctor has increased the dosage several time and now he is up to 60mg daily. The problem is that he has lost over 20lbs because he simply won&#039;t eat and now it seems after four months on this medicine its like his body has adapted to it and he is super hyper.  I spoke to the doctor about it and he said he can do real damage at his age with the weight loss and not eating and that the stimulant is actually wiring him up.  We are going to take him off of the Vyvanse and put him on a non stimulant medication."
"I took 50mg for anxiety yesterday, about an hour later started feeling really weird, spaced out and nervy. Spent all night tossing and turning, sweating and unable to sleep. Persevered this morning with the next dose as didn&#039;t want to give up at the first hurdle, but today I&#039;ve felt even worse: depressed, anxious, sweating, pounding heart and extremely nauseous, I&#039;ve completely lost my appetite and can&#039;t even face water. Been told could be 4-6 weeks of this before meds kick in. No thanks, I&#039;m going to stop them and try St John&#039;s Wort."
"I have had the nexplanon since October 10 and I finally get it took out Monday. I would not recommend this to anyone I have gained so much weight this is the most I weighed every in my life I eat healthy plus work out and noth change. I come on and go off every now and then. I can&#039;t wait to get off!!!!!"
"My 12 year old daughter and myself use the medication. It starts to work  immediately. "
"I have been taking this drug for about 2 weeks, and it is a miracle in a bottle as far as I&#039;m concerned.   I&#039;ve been battling IBS-D for 10  years and never really sought treatment until recently.  Frequent and very urgent BMs for years to varying degrees.  Very sensitive to spicy food.  Always on the lookout for the next restroom... With Viberzi I&#039;m down to time 1-2 per day and solid!  I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects as others have mentioned.  My Dr has tried a few other drugs, this is the first that worked for me.  The discount program worked for me.  Worth a try if you have IBS-D."
"Been on bystolic for labile hypertension for one year. Medication is somewhat assisting with the high readings; but, severely detrimental with the lows (91/55). Cardiologist said this is the best medication for labile hypertension but I believe it makes me drop too low at night. Only on 2.5 mg and doctor wants to increase because I still get reasons of 120/92 in mornings. 

May have to search for new medication because this one is not ideal for laabile hypertension."
"I was self medicating myself after my mom passed away. I was abusing pain pills, I had panic attacks and stayed depressed. I was mean and thought everyone was out to get me, bad with money and did not have time for my wife and two boys. I stayed ill but after a week of taking it I changed on happy no more mood swings. My wife said she can tell a big difference we always together now and I get along with everyone feel way better the only bad it&#039;s hard to get off during sex, everything works fine just can&#039;t finish not sure why."
"Had the IUD inserted on 08/01/2016 in August, no cramps initially but About 2 hours after the insertion i started feeling cramping but nothing Advil and a warm towel didnt help with.  My periods before the IUD were a maximum of 2 days and VERY light. With the IUD, my periods are 4 days long with Heavy bleeding on day 2 and 3, but a SUPER tampon and a pad could help you with that. Overall i am satisfied with the product but everyones body IS DIFFERENT! DO NOT let others reviews turn you away from giving this product a shot. If it doesnt work for you you could always have it removed."
"I felt pretty bad for the first couple days. What really helped me was eating a full meal before each dose. On the dose that you take before bed I ate a banana, dry toast and kefir probiotics drink. This really helped me not to feel nauseous in the morning. I also took a probiotics tablet in the morning.  I drank a lot of water and chewed gum for the metallic taste.  If you stick with it the medicine will work. My doctor had me continue on the probiotics after finishing these medicines."
"I was switched to Mibelas from Minastrin (probably because my insurance wanted to cover the generic.) It was effective in preventing pregnancy and after a few months my period stopped completely. In the last month or two I was on it I became very depressed and experienced mood swings. I also gained about 10lbs since starting it but I&#039;m not positive I can attribute it to the birth control. But since being off Mibelas for 2 1/2 weeks and on Lo Loestrin I have lost around 2lbs and do not feel the depression or mood swings I felt in Mibelas."
"We rescued a kitty that had ringworm. And because of it my daughter got it. 88 of them, I got 12 of them myself. the Doctor said to use Oxistat cream and we have now been on it for two weeks, and a lot of them have gone away. It was very important to mark them all from the beginning to keep track of them even if they were no longer visible, so I can keep putting Oxistat for at least 1 month. If anyone out there is experiencing something similar I do recommend this cream, take a deep breath and be consistent."
"I love it - Byetta has helped me lose weight and after I went to 10 mg I really have to be careful about HOW much I eat.  If I eat a small portion I am fine, if I eat a large amount of food I get sick.  My advice for people who are getting sick try eating smaller portions or eat right after taking your shot.  I lost 6 lbs in one month without even trying (just eating less food).  I am finding it hard to drink water but, I am working on drinking water like I used to before using Byetta."
"I had recurrent infections. If not treated, wind up with an infection over 2-3 weeks. Doctor once thought I had tuberculous, before getting xrays.
Taking this cured it in 3 days. This works the best after trial and error over the years."
"My thighs rubbed together all the time and wearing skirts or dresses or even going to sleep made me uncomfortable...applying the gel made me comfortable...no side effects.... I am happy I found this product and my skin is alot better... I used to use powder and found that my skin got worse and hurt... After using this gel my skin is so much better...as for a primer... No thanks.... I use witch hazel as a cleaner and first aide... Anyway... Once again I am so happy I found this product...."
"My wife had major mood swings.  Irritable, would stay angry for days about the smallest things.  No sex drive, tired all the time.  An hour after taking the pill, she was a different person.  Happy, more affectionate, less tired, funny, easy going.  A miracle. She said she had always felt as though she was living her life under water or in the clouds and this medicine made things clear.  It&#039;s be wonderful. Only side effect has been some bruising."
"I tried this drug a few years ago when I was first diagnosed with tinnitus. After a couple nights of taking it the ringing became louder."
"I tried to detox myself from a 10 bag a day heroin habit and 80mgs of oxy. I would always make it 3 days until the withdrawal got so bad I had to use to not feel sick. I thought it would be impossible to quit. After being on suboxone for 3 days I have had no withdrawal symptoms and the severe depression I would get from not taking opiates was gone. I have my life back thanks to this drug and my doctor. Best choice I ever made. Suboxone + NA = Better Quality of Life"
"I hadn&#039;t gone to the bathroom in 4 days and so I decided to take 3 pills at 7 PM. Nothing happened until the next day at around 11 AM and I was experiencing cramping pains, clamminess, cold shivers, a little bit of nausea, and I was farting A LOT. About 30 minutes of this, I had to run to the toilet because I had to go so bad. Lets just say I was relieved of my constipation by a great deal. Sure, there were some side effects but it was worth it. I feel great now!"
"I have suffered from hereditary clinical depression for several years. The death of my mother, two loved animals (horse and dog), a divorce that is endless and painful, have all added to my depression, and a new doctor prescribed Fetzima. Now I feel totally insane. My stomach hurts every time I eat; my heart pounds to the point that I wonder if I should go to an ER almost every day; I can&#039;t fall asleep and when I do I have stressful nightmares (never had bad dreams before); and every day I feel an anger and rage that makes no sense at all. I have to remind myself to take a deep breath and not act out this new mean personality on my dogs or my friends. No matter what my doctor&#039;s opinion, this poison stops tomorrow."
"I had a blister that got infected from wearing tight boots for a few hours and then bam! I got an infection so I went to the nurse and got me some pills of Keflex for 4X a day for five days and an antibiotic cream. I feel much better. Don&#039;t ever wear tight shoes, ever."
"Had really bad hayfever for the past x6 years and tried the commercial brand tablets but had no effect.
This hayfever season after a trip to the doc advised fexofenadine and it worked for me with no side effects."
"I started getting migraines when I was about 12 years old. I had terrible migraines on and off for about 3 years. I finally went to the doctor and he put me on Topamax. I have been taking it for about a year now and the only time I get migraines is when I don&#039;t refill my prescription right away. Even though I get the occasional migraine, it is nothing compared to what it was before I started taking the medicine. Also, I have not noticed any side effects. Topamax is a miracle!"
"Me and my girlfriend had sex and the condom broke. We went to get Plan B 7 hours later and her period came 5 days early. Don&#039;t worry, I know the wait is bad but it will come eventually. Try to worry less and everything will be alright!"
"I was diagnosed for OCD 20 years ago, went on zoloft, prozac, paxil and celexa, none of them worked in a long run. So I stop taking meds, but at times, I would get depress for no reason for weeks. I have constant thoughts running in my mind, mostly I am sad, and small things can make me angry, sensitive to sound(phone ringing, door bell, people talking). Now I was diagnosed as Bi polar,and was put on Lamictal 25mg and after 2 weeks increase to 50mg and than 75mg. Thoughts process was gone and was feeling happy. Anger and sensitivity to sound were still there.
        But 6 weeks on Lamictal, I had sore throat and than running nose, sneezing, flu type symptoms and than I notice rash on my chest, so I stop Lamictal. anyone with similar experi"
"Very helpful, but feel antst at times."
"I&#039;m a woman who&#039;s had IBS for 50 years. A male GI was no help&mdash;his notes said I was &quot;too concerned with my bowel movements&quot;. Apparently a skeptic about IBS. I saw a PA, who prescribed Amitiza. I took 24 mcg 2x daily more than a year, which worked well until I started having episodes of thin diarrhea without warning. I discontinued Amitiza and my bowels worked normally for a couple of months, but the old familiar constipation is back. I will try 24 mcg once a day. I have no idea if that will work, and realize that my PA would prefer monitoring me. However, I feel at this point that I have enough sense about my own body to make this decision myself. Just be aware: even if the drug works well, your response to it may change."
"I took this for a Sinusitis/Bronchitis infection and it started clearing up after the second day. The only appreciable symptom I&#039;ve noticed is the diarrhea which I will be talking to the NP about today."
"I tested HIV  on 8/11/15 and started taking Stribild on 8/25/15.
On 8/25/15 my CD4 Count was 576 and HIV Viral Load was 52992. I took Stribild at night before bed with 16oz of water. In the morning I drank another 16oz bottle of water along with (1)Selenium 200mcq and (1)L-Glutathione 500mg, what I took in the morning. I started working out at the gym 4(x) week faithfully and on 9/25/15 I went to the Dr to get my new blood test results and my CD4 Count was 795 and HIV Viral Load was 28. I was told that I was &quot;UNDETECTABLE,&quot; I Thank God for the results. I am on the right track and had NO SIDE EFFECTS"
"I am 60 years old and have been using Climara 50 patches since 2008 (9 years).  It has definitely relieved the night sweats and the constant anxiety feeling.  I have tried a couple of times to go on a half dose but the symptoms resume, but I will try again. I have never had problems with the patch itself.  The edge can be a little sticky when I put it on, but I always wipe a smear of talcum powder around it to prevent it sticking to my clothes.  I now have a serious hearing problem (not resolved) so of course I&#039;m concerned that it may be connected with this medication, but six years ago I had a massive amount of antibiotics for a staph infection following surgery, so of course this could be the cause."
"This drug has saved my sanity.  I was undiagnosed with a debilitating vomiting sickness.  In hospital at least once a week via ambulance.  Repetitive vomiting and could not stop.  To the point where I would become unresponsive.  After about a month into my undiagnosed sickness, at the emergency room, a nurse gave me a wafer of Zofran.  It was a huuuuge relief as my uncontrollable vomiting stopped within 10 minutes.  I had not heard of the drug but after finally been diagnosed, after 6 months, as having Severe Idiopathic Gastroparesis I found my new best friend.  As well as having a kidney transplant and taking a bucket full of anti-rejection meds, I was soooo grateful that some smart cookie out there invented this drug.  Saved my life"
"I have to take more than the normal dosage for any pain to be relieved. I do not take it every day though. However, you notice when the tramadol is leaving your system when you take an extra pill or two because the pain will come back threefold. Also, I have no clue why,  but I have trouble peeing after taking tramadol no matter what the dose, it&#039;s weird."
"I&#039;ve had a severe manic episode and was put on antipsychotics which helped calming me down but I was still a bit manic. When put on lithium I felt a lot better because mania ceased. The difference between antipsychotics and litihium for me was like if antipsychotics stepped on the brake and lithium lifted the gas pedal. 

The only, but still significant, side effect I&#039;ve had is less short term memory.

Lithium stabilize my mood, less anxiety and stress (less diarrhea, less neck pain, more relaxed), better sleep not just because mania stopped but also because overall well being

I&#039;m very satisfied with lithium as a mood stabilizer"
"Been talking this medication  so long, don&#039;t see where it is helping because I still have the same symptoms over and over."
"I began taking Enbrel in 2008 for severe RA after a year of trying a series of other drugs.   I lforgot I had RA.  Last Nov. I stopped taking it because I had to be on chemo.  Things were fine until April when I went into a full blown flare.  Extreme morning stiffness lasted 6 hours or more.  My thumbs were virtually useless.  I hobbled like I was 95 years old with excruciating pain in my feet, knees, hips and neck.  I took morphine which did little to suppress the pain.  After consulting with my oncologist and rheumatologist I took my first injection of Enbrel in June - expecting it to take another month or longer to stop the flare.  I felt much relief 2 days later.  Now I&#039;m almost back to normal."
"Okay, so I got back together with my boyfriend after 6 months apart...one thing led to another which led to us being together with no condom.  I was definitely fertile as it was right in the &quot;window&quot;.  He wasn&#039;t worried about it, but I was freaking out, but didn&#039;t get to use the pill until like 36 hours after having sex several times.

Now, let me first say that the pill DID work after A LOT of stressing.  I had a forced period about a week after taking it, but then nothing for about a month and a half.  Considering side effects, I would have been better off just taking my chances.  I&#039;ve had everything from pimples to nausea to cramps...to gaining like 5 pounds. Now I&#039;m in the middle of the worst period EVER!   So it worked, but NEVER AGAIN!"
"I&#039;m a 33 yr old female who has experienced mild acne for most of my life. I have tried everything from over the counter products to antibiotics for 3 months. It was just recently that I started using Atralin (3 weeks now) &amp; I don&#039;t need to worry about wearing makeup anymore (dream come true). This medication is definitely worth a try paired with other treatments. I currently get a chemical peel once a month, plexion cloths to wash 2x a day and Atralin at night. If my skin continues this way I will be a happier person as I don&#039;t even worry about hiding my face anymore. "
"I have had a hacking cough for about a month that was severely hindering my ability to sleep.  I&#039;ve only used this medicine for one night and last night was the best night&#039;s sleep in over a month.  Even my boyfriend said I didn&#039;t cough in my sleep or toss and turn.  This medicine is the third medicine I have tried in this past month.  I couldn&#039;t ask for a better product."
"The only side effect is the cough, other than that, I tolerate it perfectly with no other side effects."
"Recently diagnosed with PCOS so I decided to start BC only because my periods were non existent. I&#039;ve been on the patch for a month. So far I love it, I am way more tired than before but that&#039;s about it."
"Falling from the third floor into concrete and suffering for strong pain in back and neck."
"I got the nexplanon in February, since then I have literally had a period for four months. It is going to be June soon and I don&#039;t see it stopping anytime soon. I am soaking about 10 panty liners a day including overnight use! This does not make me feel sick, or nauseous but it&#039;s VERY difficult to keep buying pads, I never spent this much when&#039;s I didn&#039;t use birth control! I believe this is 100% effective in preventing pregnancy... BECAUSE MY HUSBAND WILL NOT TOUCH ME ANYMORE! He and I are both very insecure about my amount of blood, it is difficult to want to be intimate when it feels like a water slide! Overall very displeased with this, I feel lied to. And I feel like this constant blood flow should&#039;ve been talked about more often!!"
"It helped me fall asleep and get a full night of sleep. It was not hard for me to stop taking it. I did not wake up feeling grogy."
"I have taken this before in my life. I can&#039;t take regular b.c. pills Because even the lowest dose effects me very badly. I go crazy in short. I don&#039;t know many other people that it effects this way. I took Plan B recently the 4th day after an incident (this decreases the effectiveness being this late). I bled lightly for a month and then it stopped 4 a few days and I got my period. It always seems 2 effect me intensely. I&#039;m bloated feel general malaise it increases the freq. of my migraines,I gain ~10lbs I am so tired and on an intense emotional rollercoaster for a mo. to 2 months after. This is similar to how regular birth control effects me. I&#039;ve never gotten pregnant after using it. SO WORTH ALL THE SIDE EFFECTS. It works and side effects are temporary. Worth it"
"Feel so good when it finally start working at day #15. Feel calm in public for the first time in my life. Only cons is not able to orgasm and increased sweating."
"I&#039;ve been on Terbinafine for almost a month.  I haven&#039;t noticed any results yet, but haven&#039;t really looked because I didn&#039;t think it worked that fast.  I&#039;ve recently developed queasiness at times and lethargy.  Which could be from a variety of sources.  Not sure.  I have not experienced any side effects other than those.  I&#039;m hoping I lose my taste for foods.  I&#039;m hoping it causes weight loss.  My luck, I&#039;ll be one that doesn&#039;t suffer that.  I have no doubt this will work, which is why I gave it the highest score already.  I&#039;ll report back in a few months."
"To be fair to the Butrans patch, I didn&#039;t give it a long trial run.  I had to take it off in less than 24 hours because the side effects were so severe.  Previously I had taken Percocet as needed, but because of the good reviews, I decided to try the Butrans patch.  It was a really bad idea.  The patch put me into a terrible withdrawal from Percocet only hours after applying it.  I had severe akathisia (restless body), stomach pain, diarrhea, and I even started seeing things &amp; hearing conversations in my head.  It also made my pupils huge, so anyone who saw me must&#039;ve known that I was high.  It was so embarrassing!  I couldn&#039;t get that patch off fast enough.  I&#039;d rather live with the pain from my spinal fusions, than ever try Butrans again."
"I have tried them all. Did not like the side effects from basically all of them. Pristiq is different. The the side effects seem almost the same but different in a few ways. I love sex. Taking Pristiq has the same results as the other medicines with one exception. Stop taking for a day and you are back in business. The other medicines would take much longer to get out of your system. "
"Doctor prescribed Zocor to lower Cholesterol (269 total and triglyceride 377, way too high). I took it after evening meal with full glass of water as directed. Within the hour I had a raging headache; my heart was pounding. I could hear the blood pulse through my head (I have 2 maybe 3 headaches per year so this was not normal). I spent a very long and painful, sleepless night, waiting and suffering. I tell you this much, 9:00am couldn&#039;t arrive fast enough. Doctor told me &quot;headache&quot; was not a side effect of Zocor and to keep taking it. I stopped against doctors advice and now feel great again. Cholesterol is still very high but no more headaches."
"If I could give this shot 0 stars I would. One is really pushing it. I got the depo in the middle of January, it is now the beginning of Feb &amp; yesterday I was at the ER and my Drs office all day. I woke up having horrible cramps, then it led to blood clots with grayish tissue looking stuff inside, it was nothing I&#039;ve ever seen before, I passed about 6 of those then the pain started to be mild again and easier to deal with. I&#039;ve never had a miscarriage but If I could image what the pain felt like it would be that! DO NOT GET THIS SHOT. I&#039;m scheduled for another &amp; I&#039;m cancelling, I would much rather take a pill every day! After dealing with it all day, and now I&#039;m on the 11th day of my period, it was confirmed it was a side effect to the shot"
"This birth control is good for me, but I did have MAJOR side effects. I had almost constant bleeding for about 4 months, and nausea for the first month. After that though, everything is smooth sailing! The only other complaint I would have is breast tenderness."
"My son started running a mild fever (100.2), and I took him to the doctor the same day. He tested positive for Flu B, so the Dr prescribed Tamiflu. I also started feeling sick the same day, so I started Tamiflu as well. We both took our double dose that same day. The next day my son woke up with a mild fever, but it went away without Advil or Tylenol. I woke up feeling 10xs better than I did the day before. We have been continuing our tamiflu twice daily, and plan on finishing it. We are on day 3. I think the people who have negative reviews, for one did not start it soon enough, and two you have to finish all of your tamiflu as prescribed. You can&#039;t stop, because you feel better. It was worth the price for us! Amazing stuff!"
"I started my weight loss journey on December 28, 2015, weighing 250 at 5&#039;4
On January 13, 2016 I started taking 30mg Phen.

The first two weeks without Phen, I lost 5 pounds (3 one week, 2 the next) . I cut my calories and walked 2 miles 5 days a week, which is about 40 minutes of fast walking for me. 

After taking Phen I was HARDLY hungry. Before it seemed  like my 1600 calories a day wasn&#039;t enough because I would wake up and go to bed hungry. After taking Phen, I would average about 700-1000 calories a day and I felt fine. I have so much more energy that I increased from 2 miles to 2.5 miles and it takes me 47 mins.
In the next two weeks of taking Phen and sticking to my diet, I lost a total of 9 pounds. 5 one week, 4 the next. It works!"
"I took this drug for 6 months due to weight loss-no appetite-down to 75 pounds.
My old insurance covered--then when new insurance was started in jan 2014, no coverage available.
This was WONDERFUL!!! For the first time in my life, I was hungry, enjoyed food and was always looking forward to my next meal. I would purchase if I could afford because this was the BEST thing that could happen to me--someone who has NO appetite!!  No side effects for me."
"I had surgery and was prescribed hydroxyzine hcl 25 mg with my hydrocodone  for pain to keep from vomiting.  I took it every 6 hrs as prescribed, however I definitely had a severe reaction.  Night tremors and night paralysis and hallucinations.  I woke up thinking I was being followed by ghosts or that another episode where 2 teens were breaking into our house and I could do nothing.  My husband said I woke screaming of rats in the bed but have no memory of it.  Truly the scariest med I have ever been on."
"I have been using the Elocon lotion everytime when eczema was there, it cured. Just speechless and I&#039;m thankful I got the Elocon lotion for the first time when I suffered eczema since I have tried everything out there and done a lot of researches, but it seems Elocon did the job impressively well. Got my life back.

Ps. #1 cure Elocon"
"I&#039;ve been diagnosed and treated 20 years ago for major depression (used Prozac).  Last year I was diagnosed again for major depression and doctor suggested I try Wellbutrin so it would not affect my sexual desire and give me some energy.  I did well the first few weeks on the starter dose 75mg/day. Then they up to 150mg/day and I had a major emotional reaction.  My body went into crying spells for 20 minutes and I couldn&#039;t control it.  It was a weird thing. Stopped it immediately - took 2 days to wear off. "
"Be careful when taking this medicine. Very helpful to relieve depression, but will interfere with your sleep. After only taking it for 4 days, I was fired for falling asleep on the job because I did not hear the phone or the knock on the dept door.  I do not remember going to sleep as I usually would and normally I&#039;m a very light sleeper. It also made me sweat a lot and I lost the ability to cry. On the good side, it relieved my depression, I lost my appetite and my thoughts became much clearer."
"I just started taking this medication (20 mg) a little over a week ago and I already notice a difference. I have more energy and I feel up to doing more things around the house rather than just sitting around all day. I haven&#039;t had any major side-effects other than some mild nausea in the beginning (which stopped after the third day), and some trouble falling asleep at night. I take it in the mornings now and I&#039;m doing great on it. I&#039;ve also noticed that I only eat when I&#039;m actually hungry now instead of eating just to eat. I hope it continues to help me feel this great."
"Zyprexa has changed my life. I can function better and I have better temperament.  It is the best bipolar medicine out there."
"I am 18 with no kids and decided I wanted to go through medical school without having to worry about having a child so decided on Skyla.  For the insertion I took one Xanax I don&#039;t remember the dosage but my experience was pretty much painless a slight burning feeling when she pulled on my cervix but nothing more! My period has lightened a ton! But the cramps I get during my period are very painful! Overall I love it and am a firm believer in it!"
"It makes my hand a little shaky."
"I&#039;ve had depression, anxiety and anger issue and this medicine has been the best for me. I noticed a difference with my emotions within a week or two of taking this medicine. I would recommend it to anyone."
"I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia ten years ago.  I had a great deal of pain and a significant anxiety component.  I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for the last five years and my fibro has been in remission for most of that time.  I take no regular pain medications. My mood is good and anxiety attacks are rare.  We lost our son in an accident 3 years ago and I felt strong enough to deliver his eulogy with resolve and confidence.  I know that Cymbalta works for me because on the occasions that I&#039;ve missed my dose two or more days in a row I feel like sobbing over things that wouldn&#039;t even get my attention when I&#039;m taking Cymbalta as prescribed.  I will gladly keep taking it for the rest of my life if it will keep me out of pain and free of anxiety."
"I started Bleviq and did get headaches and fatique the first week, then it went away. I sleep so good when I take it at night and not tired anymore with my first dose in a.m. and have lost 16 pounds with drinking a lot of water and watching what I eat. I love this pill -I would never take anything for weight loss but I will stay on this one to my goal I was 192 lbs 5&#039;1&quot; on May 9th and down to 173 on June 13th"
"This was the 3rd bowel prep; first time with Sureprep. It was also my worst bowel prep experience. I wish I had thought to look up reviews before agreeing to use this prep. The taste was unbelievably awful. It was all I could do to get it down. The effects after the first bottle hit me like a ton of bricks about 30&quot; after getting it down. Quite frankly , it was so intense I did not make it to the bathroom in time. Needless to say I camped out in there the rest of the night. The worst however was the terrible burning  at the rectum from the liquid towards the end of this bad experience. The other preps I was prescribed in the past were also not pleasant but these side effects were the worst. Belching and some nausea were also issues."
"I could give this product 20 rating but it only goes up to 10.  That&#039;s how much I loved it.  In a professional setting, you don&#039;t wanna smell funky or wear a jacket all day because of sweat.  That was me for the past several years.  I mentioned it to my OBGYN and she asked me to try this and I did.  Boy was I surprised.  I don&#039;t care about the itchiness that comes with using it.  To me that means its working its magic (lol).  The best part is that I can wear my shirts and when I take them off, they&#039;re not sweat stained.  Whoever made Hypercare, please keep making more great products like these."
"So i&#039;d like to post this because like many of you i read all these experiences before i took the medicine. i have a horrible phobia of throwing up and after reading the experiences on here i was so terrified i almost cried. It took me nearly a half an hour just to swallow the medicine( powder version) because i was scared of all the side effects. So after i took it i sat down shaking with bad anxiety waiting for the worst to happen. Take these reviews lightly. I had minimum to no side effects. It has now been two days since i took it and i feel fine. The most i can say is i pooped one time and had a weird stomach sensation but that is it. So please don&#039;t be nervous just know after you take it it will make you feel better"
"I had no problems with this medication it smells good kinda like a light vanilla scent and the taste isn&#039;t bad at all I love it. I have a peanut allergy so I have to be careful with the prenatal vitamins I buy but my Dr gave me these a few packs of these and it works great. I haven&#039;t had any problems at all so now I just need to find out where they sell these at or if I can get a prescription for it. This will be my 5th kid and out of all the prenatal vitamins I ever took these are definitely the best"
"The only complaint I have about this birth control is bad tension headaches and fatigue, but I&#039;ll take that over weight gain and acne which fortunately this birth control doesn&#039;t cause at all! it also made my cysts go away and is free or really cheap with insurance. would recommend to anyone!"
"Works great!"
"I started taking Copaxone in mid-August 2016.  The first 3-4 months, I didn&#039;t notice any real difference. After the first few weeks, I didn&#039;t have any more site reactions.  For the last two months, I&#039;m experiencing terrible joint pain. Leg cramps in the middle of the night, my hips are stiff; my shoulders hurt. just a little while ago, my hand was shaking sooo bad. It&#039;s scared me. So here&#039;s the thing - I&#039;m not experiencing any of the other MS symptoms that I had before taking Copaxone. Gone are those electrical shock sensations, I&#039;m not really  more numb, the weird feeling that runs down my spine. It seems like I&#039;ve traded one set of symptoms for another.  Before copaxone, I enjoyed exercising. Now not so much. :("
"Depakote has been a life saver for me. I take 250mg in the morning and 500mg at bedtime. Weight gain was minimal. 5 lbs that I have lost recently by going on the South Beach Diet. I also take 200mg Zoloft. I sleep okay, but usually need a nap in the afternoon. I look forward to my life now instead of just existing."
"Very effective. I would feel pleasant within 15 - 20 minutes of taking one tablet of Tenormin. No side effects felt."
"I was on citalopram, for about two years. After being off of antidepressants for a while, citalopram worked like a charm for my anxiety. I started mellowing out and finding myself less and less anxious. I really came out of my shell and started being more outgoing and happy.

However, this medication also came with some side effects that never went away, like dry mouth and fatigue. I could literally sleep all afternoon even after sleeping 8 hours the night before. I also felt numb to emotions and never felt high or low...just there. I had a breakdown last fall and got off the medication idiotically. When I got back on it, it decreased my anxiety but did not help me get back on the &quot;happy wagon.&quot;"
"I have polycystic ovarian cysts. I used to be on Tri-Sprintec, the polyphasic version of this pill, and had the worst headaches from the hormone changes every week.  Switching to Sprintec seems to have solved the issue.  My acne and hair issues, courtesy of PCOS, have improved, and I feel better overall.  I did gain about three pounds, but I started the medication shortly before the holiday season so it could have been a product of too many parties.  Definitely worth a try if you need a higher estrogen level pill.  Plus, it&#039;s affordable even without insurance."
"I have used it for over 20 years and it truly changed my life.  My Dermatologist told me about it.  By using it, I was able to give a firm handshake and get an excellent job.  I though I would eventually not need it, but am in my 60&#039;s and still depend on it to control my sweaty palms. I love it and recommend it whole heartedly."
"Amazing ... I was on YAZ and it caused spotting and weight gain, after a year they switched me to Portia and I lost all the weight and haven&#039;t spotted since; also my PMS is completely nonexistent now and the killer mood swings I experienced on YAZ are gone too.  I can&#039;t stop raving about how great Portia is, it made me feel like myself again."
"In my last post, I had lost 8lb in 2.5 weeks. Starting weight was 181lbs, I currently weigh 168. I have been on Phentermine for about 6 weeks. I have had a busy summer, in which I would usually gain weight however, I have continued to lose even though my busy schedule makes it hard to work out every day. Currently down 13 lbs! I will begin to increase my workout schedule as I am not as busy anymore. Hoping to lose another 10-15lbs within the next 8 weeks (maybe more!)."
"I received this implant 11/13/15. Insertion was quick,painless until after a few minutes. Purplish bruising began, heavy bleeding, dime to quater clots as well. Bleeding and spoting (red and brown) has lasted on and off since insertion day. The first week at least. Cramps got worse, moods varied frequently and depression came about. Bad acne, dry mouth and pelvic pains also becomes apparent. Weight fluctuates. Prevents pregnancy and doesn&#039;t interrupt breastfeeding but wouldn&#039;t recommend."
"My seven year old son has been on Intuniv for three weeks now. His behavior at school and home is finally starting to improve. He is much more focused and less irritable. Although in the end of week one and beginning of week two of this medicine, he was very cranky and irritable. He is sleepy in the afternoons, but he also takes Clonidine along with this medicine, which also makes him sleepy. So I hope the sleepiness improves. He has started the last week having severe stomach pain. He gets up many times in the night saying his tummy feels funny and he gets some diarrhea in the night. He also has a harder time staying asleep at night, which is new. Hoping the stomach pain stops so we can continue the medicines, as I feel they are helping him."
"Suffered with Fibromyalgia for several years. I was asked to try all the antidepressants, etc. Their side effects rendered me more useless, not able to function at all in daily life. I had taken Vicoprofen 1/2 tablet (half by choice) 3-4 x&#039;s day for several years and Lidoderm patch every morning on my cervical spine, hips and knee&#039;s. I had no desire to live. I was going through the motions. 3 weeks ago I started Savella. 1/4 the recommended dose for 10 days. Then 1/4 the next dose. 1st week I felt a difference. By week 2 my husband said he hadn&#039;t heard me mention pain. I cautiously said I&#039;m in no pain and on no pain pills or patches and don&#039;t need to nap and can sleep. I&#039;m very active and can do anything. Start VERY slow, with low doses. Now on 25mg once in the morning with a full breakfast! "
"I have a 7 year old son with ADHD. He was diagnosed at 4 years old. Through the years he has been on 3 different medications. Ritalin was first and it did help with his hyperactivity level, however he still had problems with impulsiveness. Then he was on Focalin XR and that did nothing with his impulsiveness and hyperactivity. Now he is on Vyvanse and that has helped with ADHD symptoms. The only problem that I am currently having is that he has days where he is extremely emotional. He has days where he is getting upset over minor details like coming home after playing at a friends house. I am not sure if this is drug related or ADHD related. Impulsive people have problems containing their emotions."
"Epiduo is worth it. It was 3 months of flaking, burning, and more irritated acne than before, but after the worst months in my skin&#039;s history, I woke up one morning and my face was just better. I used to have my entire jawline covered in painful cystic acne, but now I wake up to maybe a pimple or 2 at most. I promise that if you don&#039;t give up, it will pay off. This is one happy customer. 
If your skin ever gets too irritated, stop using Epiduo for a few days. Taking Epiduo every 3 days is always better than giving up.
(Also, it cost $85 out of pocket but I&#039;ve been using the same bottle for 4 months.)"
"I just started taking Concerta again and I have noticed big differences in my attention span and being able to focus more. I was on it for quite some time when I was younger and then wanted to come off of it in the 10th grade. Now several years later I asked to go back on it and I noticed big changes in school and I thank God for this drug to help me get back to a somewhat normal state."
"Took half dose, 15 mg, and spent two days feeling terrible. It caused chest and back pain, shortness of breath, confusion, dizziness, anxiety, and a general really sick feeling. It did relieve angina but it was not worth the side effects. Really bad medicine."
"I have been on genvoya for almost a year now I switched from another medication due to gastrointestinal complications with these medications. I still experience daily bouts of bloating constipation and the inability to clear my bowel. The doctor says I should get a colonoscopy although I had a sigmoidoscopy they found nothing my blood test and fecal samples came back normal I think these medications have it out for my intestines. There are days where there are no issues then there are days where I&#039;m in the bathroom for at least 4 to 5 hours off and on feeling like I could probably die right here on the toilet. I just want relief from my gastrointestinal issues related 2 genvoya.."
"As a disclaimer, I have not taken birth control for over ten years. That said, I decided it would be the right choice with a new partner in tow. The first week I started Lutera, I experienced dryness around my lips. As I entered week two, I began experiencing dryness around the labia. The change in hormones affected me adversely as I became irritable and anxious for no reason apparent.  It became very clear the pill was thinning the walls of my vagina and natural lubrication disappeared when I had normal intercourse with my partner and I was torn inside.  I experienced quite a bit of tearing and consequent bleeding from those rips.  I remained on the pill for a full month.  My lips progressively became more dry and cracked."
"Ugh. I am really disappointed because I had high hopes for this pill. My doctor told me my periods would be short (around 2 days), and light. Well, my periods did shorten to 2 days; however, I got 3 periods a month. Also, my face erupted with terrrrrrrible cystic acne. Worse than it has ever been in my entire life. I will say that this pill  caused virtually no mood swings, which is a HUGE plus compared to previous pills I have tried. I really, truly tried to stick this pill out. I even considered going on accutane to clear up breakouts. But then I realized that the mood swings I gave up with lo loestrin would probably just return due to accutane. My body did not do well adapting to this pill. I&#039;ve been on this pill 4 months too long :("
"When I first started taking it it didn&#039;t have any effect except minor stomach cramping which I wasn&#039;t even sure if it was from drug.  I stopped taking it but my doctor told me to take once in morning and once at night. I also began taking Lialda which has same ingredients again morning and night two pills.  After about a month or two I had a dramatic positive affect. I&#039;ve tried getting off it but my symptoms return. It is effective for bleeding and liquid stool. I sometimes still feel the need to evacuate without anything there but as long as I consistently take it, I have little if any problems"
"I&#039;m 18 yrs old, My boyfriend &amp; I had protected sex but condom broke and i woke up next morning feeling sick so, i had him go buy me this pill. Needless to say, it worked and i&#039;m not pregnant. However, the side effects are insane. I immediately had terrible back pain (never had that before), cramps that felt like period cramps, nausea, dizziness, headaches, and bloating. I had to miss a day of school due to the insane amount of side effects. Not to mention my period came a week after taking the pill when i wasn&#039;t supposed to get my period for 2 more weeks! That&#039;s frustrating because i just had my period last week and now i have it again, even heavier this time. BUT on a positive note, I&#039;m not pregnant!!"
"I said I would do a review if it worked and here I am "
"I take a class once a week and get back late that night and it takes me a while to fall asleep so my doctor prescribe me lunesta ,the generic it. 
For the most part it works but it takes a while to kick in. I was originally told to take one, my doctor told me to try to see how that works. When it kicks in I feel like I sleep longer somedays. I only pay 10.00 co pay on this med!"
"As far as the treatment of my anxiety, it&#039;s truly been amazing. I&#039;ve felt much better since starting. However, also since starting I&#039;ve lost my appetite a bit and have lost some weight."
"This has been a miracle drug for me and my wife, it has brought a balance between us that has never been there. She can tell when I am not taking it right away within hours of missing a dose, it is truly a life saver. The clarity it brought has given me a whole new lease on life."
"Took two at 8:00 pm. By 10:30 pm had severe cramps. Spent from 12:30-3:30 on the toilet with severe diarrhea. Had to take an Imodium to go to work the next morning as I&#039;m still using the bathroom every 30 min. I will throw the rest in the trash. One of the worst nights of my life. I&#039;ve used stool softener without such effects. Next time prunes and coffee!"
"I have been taking this for a few days and it makes me feel totally wiped out.  I have normal blood pressure usually and this just lowers it so bad that I feel BLAH.. I wonder if taking it before bed would be a better way to take it."
"This pills really works!. I had a presentation yesterday and I took 3 20mg pills (60mg in total) 2 hours before my presentation and I was nerves before presenting and nerves seconds before I was to speak, but 4 seconds into my speech I didn&#039;t feel the nerves at all! I was so surprised! Please if you have fear of doing speeches take this pill. Also practice your speech! Practice also helps! Good luck!"
"I&#039;ve been using tretinoin in the 0.1 gel form for almost 2 years and let me tell you it is possibly the best skin product you will ever own. //The beginning is hard, naturally the skin needs time to adjust so for the first few months of treatment you will experience a lot of redness, patchiness and obviously flaking and you may also experinece periods of very ugly break outs if u have many clogged pores hiding under the surface as the retin a will exfoliate the skin and slowly &#039;activate&#039; ur pores to enable them to unclog without the need for manual extraction and without scarring. the key with retin a is patience, SPF and lots of moisturizing. do not quit before ur skin gets better and resist the temptation to extract acne yourself. G Luck."
"I had this implant inserted in July of 2015 and now, almost November, i haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since the week after I had it inserted. Also my mood has completely changed. My mom tells me that I&#039;m not the same happy person anymore and I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds. I exercise regularly and eat healthy. It&#039;s a great birth control for preventing pregnancy because there&#039;s non stop bleeding! Don&#039;t recommend this at all. Better experience with the pill"
"I have been on 120 mg of Cymbalta daily for 8 months, as well as another year and a half at 60 mg. I take it for anxiety, MDD, OCD, panic disorder, PTSD, etc. In addition to 10 mg of Abilify and a benzo I am feeling almost back to normal. This happens to be one medicine that helps me, and I have tried many SSRI&#039;s over the years."
"I have been on Nexplanon since December 11, 2015. My experience so far with nexplanon is great. Hopefully, it will stay that way. My period has came on the same time it usually come on since I have been on this type of birth control. I had a little spotting in between periods for two or three. The only other side effects is nausea and increased appetite. I am fine with that because I could use a little weight gain. Overall, I ,m satisfied."
"Horrible weight gain and constant migraines. Had to discontinue."
"I am 41 years old and my blood pressure has risen. I&#039;m told that I am spilling protein. I&#039;m put on 10 mg. of zestril per day. I take the same amount even today.  Zestril has a kidney protector in the drug. 2007 I&#039;m taken to a hospital where they have a heat team waiting, but I&#039;m told it&#039;s my stomach! I&#039;m put on Prilosec, in 2010 I&#039;m put on nexium. In the spring of 2016 I&#039;m told that can not take nexium anymore because it can cause kidney issues! This summer I&#039;m told that I have cyst all over my kidneys."
"I got on depo in April and a little bit later around may I noticed weight gain in my arms not so much my stomach in July I went to take my second shot and every since the second shot I always feel bloated I have gain extreme weight in my stomach and face . I have always been thick but never had a tummy now I have a gut . I&#039;m always hungry irritated all the time and the worst mood swings. "
"I first had this shot in 1997, I had two but felt sick all the time, my periods did stop though. Came off it and went back on the pill, didn&#039;t have a period for a year and a half. In 2000 I decided to give it another go, soon settled down and didn&#039;t have any periods at all, stayed on it for 14 years. It was fabulous, no periods or spotting. But, I was suffering from depression which is a side effect of depo I decided to come off it. Started my first period after about 10 days and it lasted about a month and it stank. Had about a weeks break and then bleeding again, thick dark brown clots. In the end I gave up and went back on it, after 3 injections still having random spotting, lasting random amounts of time. Just hope it settles down again"
"I suffer with regular UTI&#039;s due to a chronic pelvic prolapse I can&#039;t get anyone to take seriously. Since having a hysterectomy and estrogen-suppression therapy for adjuvant therapy for cancer the UTI&#039;s have worsened.

Bactrim does have side effects, but since I can&#039;t take Macrobid, I&#039;m stuck with this or Cipro.  I&#039;m starting to think I&#039;m developing a resistant strain of infection, but the Bactrim seems to take care of it."
"I started 10mg today and I feel so loopy, my mouth is very dry, and kind of anxious and my head is hurting after 1 dose.  I don&#039;t know if I will take a 2nd dose.  I was prescribed 10mg 2x day."
"5 stars!!! Acne gone, my hair is stronger and shiny!!!"
"BRAND TEMOVATE works; generic does not!!  From personal experience, and that of a friend (I had brand, she had generic).  I am cured, she is not.  Also, hormone replacement orally and topically of estrogen plus testosterone helped greatly with the cure.  I keep the area clean, using liquid soap plus Hibiclens.  After drying I lightly use Nystop powder.  I apply the topicals 2x daily.  I can again enjoy sex, climaxing, and also have a normal life...just like I used to have.  
I had to appeal my insurance decision to get brand Temovate."
"I have plantar fasciatis in both feet which had changed my gait until I had bursitis in both hips and was in quite a bit of pain.  Within 24 hours the bursitis and pain in my feet had subsided!  I have no trouble getting around at all now and can take long walks without paying for it later.  Incredible!  Love them.  I use them on both insteps 24 hours a day."
"I took this medicine the night I spiked a temp of 102.9 and a few hours later I was able to sleep, I woke up and my fever was nearly gone, the coughing, body aches, and sweating were too. Mid-day I felt very good, I felt like I was going to be hospitalized before the medicine started to work, I was really sick. The one thing is the Tamiflu makes me real tired and I feel a little disoriented and dizzy, but I take that over the way I felt."
"I&#039;ve taken Contrave and 0.25mg of Topamax for 7 days. I&#039;ve lost 6 lbs. Very happy. Side effect symptoms include: Mental Fog, Short Term Memory Loss, Anxiety, Depression. The Brain fog and Anxiety/Depression are awful. I&#039;m hoping the symptoms go away soon. Haven&#039;t experienced the headaches (maybe b/c of the Toprimate) &amp; no night sweats! Meds have eliminated cravings &amp; emotional eating. Thought Wellbuterin was an anti-depressant but I&#039;m uncharacteristically depressed &amp; anxious. So Weird! Is this how everyone else is feeling? I plan to lose 30 lbs by February. I&#039;ll update."
"I followed the directions and used before bed. I was actually in bed when I inserted it because I didn&#039;t want it to drain. Nearly $16 and here I am 4 days later with no relief at all. It burned and itched like previous post said, not as extreme as others because I try not to rub, scratch, just rinse and pat dry with hot water. It&#039;s a joke and I am contacting corporate. I need a REFUND!"
"Calm down guys and ladies! I know how does it feel, I&#039;ve been in my darkest times in this review website thinking my life was thrown away for a stupid moment... but this freakin&#039; thing really works! seriously, its an absolutely bad luck if this does not work for you, the odds are 2% that this thing fail, trust me, I did lots of research... CALM DOWN FOLKS."
"I received the synvisc one injection 3 months ago, it did not help my pain ,it causes me more pain and suffering. I barely can walk or sleep. The back of my knee after waking up  to start my day, I can&#039;t bend my knee without extremely pain. A week after injection I had started dragging my leg because the pain is unbearable. How can I have this injection removed from my knee. I can&#039;t live with this very very very very bad pain from the synvisc one injection. the back and front of my knee is agony."
"I had to take two and they did not start working for a hour and minimal pain relief lasted for about two hours. I have extreme pain for the first three days of my cycle where I am at a point of wondering if I should go to the ER."
"I started taking prozac in April of 2016 for anxiety and depression. It took about a month to actually start working. I feel better going into public and don&#039;t freak out and go into the bathroom. I&#039;m still depressed but its improved so much. It gave me side effects like lose of appetite. I lost 10 pounds my first month taking it and I was always tired but had trouble falling asleep. Another negative is if I miss it a day I have painful headaches and lash out on everyone and treat them terrible."
"Have had generalized and social anxiety for as long as I can remember. Was on Klonopin 1.0 to 1.5 mg twice a day (about 15 years) along with propranolol 20 mg twice a day. I decided at the beginning of this year that I was going to try to wean myself off Klonopin as getting a script every month for Klonopin is a pain. I started Remeron 5 months ago at 15mg than 22.5mg and in no time my anxiety level went down. I was also on Vyvanse to counter depression from long term Klonopin which I replaced with Wellbutrin. With Remeron/Wellbutrin combination I am down to 0.5mg twice a day Klonopin which I never dreamed was possible. I plan on going on Lyrica or Neurontin to help wean off Klonopin for good."
"I started using it in April, at the beginning of April I weighed 200lbs. At the end of April I weighed 182. I didn&#039;t take it for the next month and still weigh 182. I am starting to take it again, so hopefully I can keep losing weight. 

When I started to take it I felt a little addicted. Couldn&#039;t go to sleep and got moody, that all went away after the first week of taking it. And now I love it.
I exercise every so often, but try to do activities more than exercise. If you do activities that keep you up and moving, you can lose the weight.

As far as food goes at first I couldn&#039;t eat much and didn&#039;t want anything greasy, it made me want healthy food. I try to eat very little amounts of food that is fruit or something with a lot of protein."
"I went on Yasmin when I was 16, I hated it, the worst thing that I could of done. I was extremely depressed/ irritated/ bloated/ gained 10 lbs/ sleepy/ no sex drive , I would do rather of had a baby and 9 months of normal than go through that kind of depression. we used condoms ever since
Stopping and now we are healthy happy and married with 2 kids, to this day still on no hormonal BC."
"No weight Gain. Actually lost weigh because this pill made my appetite smaller and I get full faster. No acne just broke out little bumps along jaw line but no one can notice except me.  I crazy mood swings or depression like I got on other birth control pills. Regular period, no pain. First day light cramps that&#039;s it. No spotting. Happy with this pill. Almost on my third pack."
"I just started Victoza yesterday. I have only felt sleepy about mid afternoon. Not sure if that is a part of side affect or not. I can tell you I woke up this morning and have not be hungry in the least. However; knowing I need to have something I forced myself to have a salad for lunch. I became very sleepy after eating. I am drinking a lot of water. I hope to see a significant reduction in weight especially since I&#039;m up to close to 300 lbs although, it doesn&#039;t really show that I would be that heavy. I am very hopeful, and I also am watching my carbs. The reviews of some I have read have encouraged me. Looking for a new me with in the next couple of weeks and months. 

I have only given a rating of 1 since I have just started."
"I&#039;ve only been on Alesse for 3 weeks and since this is my first time on a birth control pill, I can&#039;t really say all that much except for the fact that i&#039;ve been spotting for 5 days, I should be getting my period in about a week and I get cranky extremely easily  now (well more than normal) but other than that, it&#039;s been a decent experience so far I guess."
"I started taking Loestrin for pregnancy prevention two years ago with virtually no side effects. This birth control has the lowest dose of hormones which controls nausea (a huge problem with previous birth controls), my skin looks great, no weight gain, cramping or bloating, PMS and hormones are regulated and my period disappeared after about 6 months. My breasts did get bigger - not a full cup size, but maybe a half - and I have found that sentimental things make me cry easier than before I was on the pill. Most importantly though, this birth control PREVENTS PREGNANCY. I take it everyday at the same time +/- 30 minutes and have never had a scare in two years!"
"I started taking Zurampic (lesinurad) in a drug study a little over 2 years ago. I have had amazing results. It has given my life back where it comes to enjoying what I eat or drink. It may not be for everyone but it works for me. I am so happy it is available now. From all the side effects, headaches were about it for me."
"I had suffered Degenerative Disc Disease with two bulging discs at L4 and L5 with Annular Tear and Spinal Stenosis since May 2006. No injury or accident. Right side leg went completely numb on me and sent me to the ER; Within a week I had an awesome Dr helping me with this med, Flexeril and Naprosyn. As well as Physical Therapy and Chiropractic Care. I became pain free in November 2006. Then I got pregnant and in December 2010 the pain was so severe that I had to go on Norco &amp; do Physical Therapy again for two months. Needless I went into Pain Mgmnt with an Awesome Dr and of course tried and failed Morphine, Fentanyl, Oxycontin with OxyIR, Neurontin, and this was always reverted back to Norco. Had Spinal Fusion and Norco was what worked."
"This is by far the best pill. I was taken off it before but just recently got back onto it. My periods on this pill were non-existent. Also no cramps. Having 4 periods a year is fine by me. I recommend this one to anyone. It is the best!!"
"I am 29, and have been on anti-convulsants since 13. Tegretol made me dizzy, sleepy, and black out in random places so my doctor changed me to Carbatrol. It is crazy expensive without insurance. It works well, but Not 100%. Over the years I&#039;ve noticed its effectiveness wanes. Increasing the dosage causes dizziness and doesn&#039;t seem to solve the problem. However I have been tried on 3 other seizure medicines and they did not help at ALL, so I feel I have no choice but to stick with the rough journey on Carbatrol. Its crazy how epileptics have to FIGHT to prove their disability."
"I have been HIV Positve for about 32 years.  The last cocktail  I was taking for about 8 years was Epzicom and Combivir . A year ago I changed my regimen to Triumeq . Initially, the side effects I experienced were sleeplessness, nausea and stomach gas, these symptoms lasted for about 3 months. Due to the sleeplessness, started taking the medication in the mornings  instead of the evenings. The first positive thing I noticed was that my skin became more hydrated and I had less skin eruptions. After one year on the medication I feel very normal , I continue to workout 3 times a week and my energy level is high. My Viral Load remains undetectable and my CD4 went from 800 to 1,150 . I am very happy that I made the switch to Triumeq ."
"I have suffered from Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder ever since I had my period. I would cry for no reason, lose focus at work, get anxiety attacks. It affected my daily life with mood swings, I would be this way for around 14 days before starting my actual period. The doctor prescribed me fluoxetine 10 mg to take 14 days before my period. I had taken Prozac in the past for what I thought was depression which was really bad PMS PMDD. So I took the Prozac for 14 days before my period and I was feeling much better. Prozac truly does help."
"I am 23 years old and I have been on this bc pill for about 4 months. I truly hate it! I have had my period twice every month. During the white pills and not the brown ones.  I&#039;ll have horrible cramps before my period and while on it. Before I was on this bc pill, my breast would get tender and after my period was over my breast would go back to normal, but not on this pill. My breast are constantly in pain and it is horrible pain. I rarely ever got acne, now I have acne all the time.  I&#039;ll also get horrible lower back pain. I recently visited my OBGYN and she has agreed that this pill has been a nightmare. I do NOT recommend this pill!!"
"I was prescribed Voltaren Gel for the arthritis in my hands and bursitis in my elbows.  I also have severe pain down the IT band area in both legs and my hips and low back give me problems (DDD in low back).  Since using Voltaren Gel I can make it through the day without the aching and usually debilitating pain that I get when I don&#039;t use it.  Fortunately I only need to use it once a day in the morning and that gets me through until the next day.  This medicine works.  It smells bad at first when you put it on but I can deal with that."
"Hi everyone. As long as I can remember I suffered from some sort of anxieties. When I was about 16 my anxiety grew into full blown panic attacks. Since then it just got worse. Finally I went to psychiatrist who put me on Cymbalta. I never felt better than I do now. My anxiety and depression gone and I feel that I have to learn how to live without it."
"Awful.  The only thing worse was the concoction I used for my previous colonoscopy, which required twice the amount of fluid.

I don&#039;t understand how the pharmaceutical industry can&#039;t come up with something more palatable."
"3d day on flagyl and cipro after 6 days of diarrhea , found out I have colitus . Bowel infection due to a parasiite. Diarrhea finally stopped but the stomach sounds I have are hugely intense!!! And the horrible taste in my mouth is aweful. But hey! It&#039;s doing its job! Better than having the big D for 6 days in a row!"
"Can&#039;t tell you how much better I feel!
On Rebif for 4 years always sluggish and not much confidence in my ability to get around, I didn&#039;t realise that it must have been making me feel worse.
Now on fingolimod for a month and ability to handle the heat has more than doubled,I sleep better and it&#039;s like a fog has cleared from my outlook.
Still carrying on running a small company and looking to the future with a much more heathy attitude."
"I have been on lithium carbonate 450 ER for bipolar disorder for 12 years. I find that the ER version is more tolerable than the immediate release form."
"Used it first time today. 1 hour and absolutely normal sex. Quite satisfied
Side effects nothing serious so far."
"After failed back fusion surgery L4 L5 S1 nothing would touch the pain until Opana ER. I was taking 20 mg three times daily and have cut back to 5 mg 3 times daily with significant pain increase because I thought I was losing my mind. I seem to have built up a tolerance and either need to increase again dramatically or find something else.  Have heard that you can easily build tolerance to Opana.  I am your proof. "
"In all honesty the first time I had tramadol for pain it did nothing for me. It was after my hip surgery. It didnt work for my surgical pain 4 years ago. But the last surgery I had *gallbladder* removal it worked amazingly well.  I&#039;m not sure why it just did. I requested to be put on it bc the hydro codeine stopped working. I didn&#039;t want something stronger I wanted something different. And this last time I fell down my stairs. My hips get stiff sometimes and stop working properly. When this happens I fall down alot. I manged to bruise my lower back to my hip. Doctor gave me tramadol for the acute pain from the bruises on the hip. And it&#039;s been wonderful I can move no pain from stiffness I can move in ways I haven&#039;t been able to in years"
"I experienced no relief of allergy symptoms with this medication."
"Was on day 5 of a left sided migraine, after been given tramadol which only made me faint every time I stood up was taken to emergency room. Given Toradol through injection only slightly touched the excruciating pain in my head. Was given morphine which proved more successful. However the next day I am back to a full blown headache with pins and needles down face. Zilch results ehh.."
"Better than over the counter meds. I take 25 mg. Still wake up through the night a few times but generally go back to sleep in 10-15 minutes."
"I love you all for your honest reviews and feel relieved that I am not alone! I was on Lo Loestrin FE years ago and did not notice too many side effects except nausea and some breakthrough bleeding. I am now peri-menopausal and am taking this instead of HRT but it has caused months of steady nausea, pain in my lower back, extreme breast tenderness and even terrible gas! It took me a while to put together that all these side effects were caused by this bc. Additionally, I began to feel depressed, anxious and even suicidal. This is not like me! I took the last &quot;blue pill&quot; today and am done with this medicine forever. I&#039;ll take my chances with hot flashes and insomnia or switch back to HRT instead of being on this med every again."
"This medicine helps my back pain a lot. Now I can actually play outside with my daughter with no back pain."
"I started this medication a little over a month ago. I seemed to have a lot more energy at first and as of today I&#039;ve lost 10 lbs. A few days ago however, I began experiencing chest tightness and shortness of breath. I went to my PCP who then sent me to the ER. I completed multiple tests and stayed overnight in the hospital for evaluation. Everything came back without any definitive answers as to the symptoms I&#039;ve been experiencing. Several doctors mentioned that they believe the Phentermine to be the cause and recommended that I stop using it. It is now day 4 without taking any and I&#039;m still feeling the same symptoms. Only time will tell... if I feel better after a week then I suppose they were correct."
"I have been taking Contrave for about a year and a half now. Within the first 3-4 months I lost a total of 32lbs. I have never had any side effects while on it. The reason it does not get a perfect rating is because last October a new company purchased and started producing it. Since then they have been price gauging and ripping people off. The previous company charged $60/bottle; the new company charges $90. Good luck finding an insurance company that covers it; 99% don&#039;t. My doctor and I are looking for other options now. Not very many people can afford paying over a $1000/yr for medicine. Unless they lower the price I don&#039;t foresee them lasting much longer, which is sad because it really is a great medication."
"I&#039;ve been using this for about a week but so far my skin seems to be peeling off and burning. However, it is calming down my acne and hopefully these side effects will go the more I use it. I am entitled to it free because I live in the UK."
"I definitely would not recommend this for anyone. I got mine put in 2 months ago and it was fine in the beginning until I started my period. Ever since then I have been bleeding/spotting randomly. It&#039;s awkward during sex and ruins my clothes. Also, the depression side effect is real. I&#039;ve been more down about almost everything since I got it. I plan on getting it removed as soon as possible. Like I said, I would NOT recommend this for anyone!!"
"I have been on Lexapro 10mg about a week and a half.  I was on Pristiq and Lexapro last week to transition off Pristiq &amp; had a good week.  Now I&#039;m just on the 10mg Lexapro and feel nauseous, have no appetite, increased anxiety, and very depressed.  I am hoping this works for me better than the Pristiq but I&#039;m worried I made a mistake.  Will these feelings pass?"
"Although my insurance does not consider this a &quot;preferred&quot; medication and therefore, I need to take on more of the cost, it is well worth the money. You cannot put a price on feeling healthy and being able to breath on a daily basis. This medication is a God send. If you are not satisfied with your breathing, I would definitely recommend you speak with your doctor about this inhaler. The bonus is you only have to remember to take it two times a day, morning and evening."
"I recently started Seroquel 50 MG for depression, panic disorder, anxiety, insomnia. The first couple of days and then up to 150 MG. This medication works great. It creates anxiolytic effects similar to clonazapam and relieves all my anxiety. I Sleep well to. I can actually function thanks to this medication and it works excellently for paranoia and anxiety. I&#039;ve also found it to work great for sleep. I was previously on Abilify which was very activating and gave me a lot of anxiety and I couldn&#039;t sleep more than 1-2 hours. On Seroquel I sleep a full 8 hours and I wake up refreshed and ready for the day. It controls my anxiety and works wonders. Side effects are: No sex drive, and Drowsiness. Great medicine, works great."
"It simply worked.  I couldn&#039;t sleep, had serious GI problems and developed depression over a period of months.  Less pro helped pick me up at low dose in a few months.  Was off in a year and probably could have been sooner."
"I&#039;ve been through sleep studies, medications and all. This particular prescription did NOT allow me to sleep on 50mgs 2x a day and 500mgs at night. The only thing it did do was wipe my memory of previous day."
"I was recently taken off of lithium for bipolar because of my thyroid problems. I am very happy with Latuda. It works quickly and makes me feel normal for the most part. I have only had a little irritability, but it quickly subsided.  The main problem I have had with Latuda is drowsiness. I take it at night, but am still having a difficult time waking up. I&#039;m going to try taking it earlier, like right after dinner, and see if that helps me wake up earlier. I have to wake up by 6:00 a.m. once school starts again since I am a teacher.  I have been waking up around 10:00 a.m., and don&#039;t think that will work. I recommend trying Latuda!"
"I&#039;m 25 and a little over 1 year ago I had my first seizure, grand mal. I had no warnings or auras and I fell and hit my head; leading to me being in a coma for 3 days. I started on Dilantan 100mg twice a day. I started having loss of coordination, slurred speech so I was switched over to Lamotrigine and was taking 25mg twice a day. That seemed to work nicely for about 4 months when I got up to 150mg twice a day. One morning I woke up with this giant nasty rash on the side of my neck and down the right side of my side and stomach. It was an allergic reaction. I&#039;m now on vimpat 150mg twice a day. Only side effects I have with the Vimpat is I have serious issues trying to sleep, unexplained noise in my ears. However, I&#039;m still having seizures!"
"I just got my first shot 10 days ago. Was bleeding 2 weeks before the shot and it has not stopped yet- pain has gotten a little more intense, and has interfered with my sleep. Skin is also more dry than usual. My fingers are crossed that this will work- have had very painful cylces since I was a kid, and I&#039;m ready to not have call in sick to work and miss social activites due to pain. No hot flashes, mood swings, or any other side effects- maybe due to the progestin I&#039;m on. Will probably post in another couple weeks."
"This patch has made a SIGNIFICANT difference in my stamina. Even though I do still experience pain, it takes longer to get to intolerable, but mostly, my recovery from a taxing day is significant less. I take FAR fewer pills and was even able to stop taking Ambien. I would recommend this to ANYONE who is truly looking for a better way to take care of their pain without all the opiates. Give it time, allow it to work and if you&#039;re taking a bunch of narcotics, it may take a little time for your body to adjust to the patch and its delivery of medication. Your body&#039;s tolerance is likely very high. But, if you can make through an adjustment period, there&#039;s a good chance this can work for you, too! "
"I was given Lexapro from my GP for anxiety which I had tried to manage naturally the past two years with various techniques to no avail. My panic symptoms were with me everyday and often suffered panic attack episodes. 
Made it extremely difficult to do 
everyday type stuff let alone work. I
 was always drug resistant..the kind 
of person who wouldn&#039;t even want to 
take a headache med so the thought
 of a drug therapy I would do everyday was 
scary. Anyhow, its early on less 
than two weeks and I haven&#039;t even 
experience any real side effects 
apart from a little tiredness first 
week. I feel less anxious already, no 
attacks and my thoughts aren&#039;t
looping in my head anymore. I&#039;m 
hoping it continues to get better!"
"I suffered for almost 6 years with all ten toes badly infected. The sight was awful!!! I had to wear closed in shoes ALL the time. I took 3 months of treatment and seen a SIGNIFICANT change!! After 3 months of being off the treatment, I asked my doctor for another round because it is an extremely STUBBORN fungus!! Thankfully after that round, I now have normal, beautiful ten toes!! I had my 1st pedicure in years and I went sandal crazy shopping!! I don&#039;t know of any side effects and if there where any, it was nothing I noticed. I was afraid of the risks, but EVERYTHING is a risk!! This was a risk worth taking!!"
"Tylenol 3 did not work for me. I was suffering from unbearable pain from a tooth infection that kept me up all night. after 30mins the pain did not go away. After 1 hour still no relief. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this medicine to anyone."
"Very usefull for stress and muscle pain. But in the beginning a lot of side effects, due to the fact that I took 100 mg a day.  (I only weight 45 kg).
Now I&quot;m taking 1/2 every day, sometimes every two days. I feel very good, and my husband is very happy, it saved my relation."
"Using for 4 years.. No side effects at all"
"Don&#039;t like it at all. the first time i took 1, 2mg pill, it made me sleep great. but after that, nothing. like taking a sugar  pill.it also leaves this nasty copper taste on your mouth for a day or days. everything you drink and eat is bad. yuck. back to my ambien"
"I had been drinking the equivalent of a bottle of gin a day for the last 4 weeks. I&#039;m an alcoholic who had managed to quit 4 years ago but had a serious relapse.

I tried tapering down the booze, but I felt like I was losing my mind with the stuff. I wanted to go cold turkey but the withdrawals were utterly horrific - I&#039;ve never felt so dreadful, the depression was indescribable, I was worried I was actually going clinically insane.

I got an appointment with my doctor and he gave me a Librium prescription. On the first morning of taking the pills, I could have cried with relief at how much better the Librium made me feel - I almost felt &#039;normal&#039; even though I was starting the cold turkey/withdrawal process. No shakes, no anxiety, no dread."
"I am a 23 year old female. My entire life I have tested highly, been in advanced classes, had a full scholarship through college, but my grades were always a struggle. I felt like I had to work so much harder than everyone else just to keep my B grades. I was disorganized, forgetful, irritable, and pretty desolate. I felt like I was drowning.
I have taken medication for depression and anxiety since I was in high school - everything from Wellbutrin, to Xanax, to Prozac. I graduated from college in four years with a mediocre GPA, but with many awards. Finally my new doctor actually listened when I spoke, and she agreed that we try a course of medication for ADHD. I am on my second week of Vyvanse and am a new, happy, functioning person."
"After using Nasacort for several weeks, The allergy subsided, but I have completely lost my sense of smell and taste.  I stopped using the Nasacort and began just using saline spray and to my very upsetting dismay, I can still smell nothing!  This product has changed my life in such a negative way!  I cannot smell the flowers that are now coming up in my garden.  I cannot taste the food I am making to see what spices it may need.  I cannot smell the perfume that my husband bought me for Christmas.  I cannot even tell if something is burning in the oven.  This is just a terrible side effect -  AND one that is not even listed on the packaging!"
"I started to notice thinning in the front of my hair in my late 30&#039;s. Recently it was more than I wanted. So I went to a major pharmacy and retail chain and purchased the generic Rogain extra strength. For the first month there was no change. But I heard that it really doesn&#039;t start working until the second month of applying it to your scalp. 

Next week is officially month two. I applied Rogaine twice a day, once in the morning, and once before I went to bed. 

This last week I noticed more hair growth. It works. Granted it wasn&#039;t like I suddenly had the hair of a 15 year old boy. Where my hair was thinning it has grown in and the folicles appear thicker.  I gave it a 7 out of ten, because the growth is not a huge amount, but there is some"
"Itching has gone down after the 3rd dose but have a burning sensation when I put the medication in. I also started having a headache and nausea - but could be from the oral antibiotics I was put on."
"I had Nexplanon inserted on 2 Sept 2013 and its the first method of birth control I&#039;ve tried. I&#039;d read where it is the most reliable, so went for that option. No pain during insertion or afterwards. Only had a period the first month and nothing since then which feels a little odd but is also bliss! Completely forget it&#039;s even in my arm most of the time, however my moods are horrendous, I cry far more than I ever used to, I snap at people and I never used to, I feel very anxious or conscious and often feel exhausted. I don&#039;t know if these are side effects of Nexplanon as I&#039;m in my final year at uni so it could be stress etc., but I&#039;d imagine it is the increased hormones. All in all I&#039;d say I&#039;ve had a good experience most of the time."
"Have had good results so far. Am week out from third injection on left knee. Plan to start series on right knee next week. Injections were painless except for last one. Definitely ice knees after injections and don&#039;t over do activity for a couple days. Think that&#039;s why third was more painful. I am 64 with severe osteoarthritis and moderate rheumatoid arthritis. Know replacements are inevitable, but want to enjoy as much as possible until then. Good luck everyone!"
"I&#039;ve only being taking these about a week and a half for my OCD, my doctor started me on the 100mg sure they worked with my OCD but I am not getting more than 3 hrs sleep a night, I dropped down to the 50mg and my sleep is worse, feels like I&#039;ve had 5 rounds of speed..."
"My doctor started me out on the 37.5 and now I am on 75 mg.I love my venlafaxine and I love my doctor. For the first time I feel hopeful I don&#039;t feel stuck in my head all the time. Most of all don&#039;t sit around with my body all tensed up jaws clenched.I used to stay sore from tensing up. Not waking up scared and wired anymore I am getting my life back if I stay on this for life I am good with that."
"My doctor put me on Benicar HCT about 7 years ago. I was the type of person who hated to take medication so I didn&#039;t take it consistently. I think that is why I finally realized every time I would take a pill I would wake up during the night with severe leg cramps. I told my doctor about it and he changed my prescription to plain Benicar. After that I take it regularly and have no side effects or problems at all and it keeps my blood pressure level at 110/70."
"Been on mononessa for 3 months now. Starting on the first month, on day 3 of taking the pill I started having INTENSE migraines &amp; also vomiting a lot every single day for about 2 weeks. I had another gf on this pill for 6 years &amp; she told me after awhile you get used to it so I figured I&#039;d give it a try. Month 2 of the pack came &amp; again from day 3 for about 2 weeks I was so weak I couldn&#039;t leave my bed, my migraines got worse making my vision blurry and intense vomiting. Started month 3 yesterday &amp; already throwing up so I&#039;m stopping them now. Only positive I can say is that I had no spotting in between periods, my periods were the exact same light and fast, no weight gain. Girls be careful trying this one out."
"I am using this medicine for Peripheral Neuropathy (caused by Velcade) and it was marvelous for me. It stopped the feelings of stabbing pins and needles straight away in my hands and feet. I am taking 100mg 3 times a day and have only been taking it for a week."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for two months now and I spotted on an off for the first few weeks. Wasn&#039;t anything bad just a little bit of an annoyance. I recently had sex without a condom and I&#039;m waiting to see results. He did not ejaculate in me, so I don&#039;t see a high risk in pregnancy. But I think it&#039;s worked! I have no pain, no mood issues, my body weight has stayed relitivly average, and my acne is clearing up nicely! It&#039;s wonderful!"
"I took two doses of Saxenda. The first day was great! By the 2nd day I was so sick I couldn&#039;t move. I threw up for 20 straight hours. I thought I was dying. I was really hoping this would work for me but after that experience I am very apprehensive to take it again. I did lose 5lbs vomiting. :("
"I wish doctors would prescribe for  lower dosages of opiate withdrawal instead of the also highly addictive methadone &amp; suboxone. IT WORKS.  While quitting &quot;cold turkey&quot;  from morphine, I discovered that tramadol takes away about 80% of withdrawal symptoms. I took tramadol  and lopermide for 1 week, then completely quit the tramadol. It was a life saver."
"So far, my experience has been so so. Let me explain myself. I am 17 years old (almost 18, don&#039;t worry), my starting weight was 219, and I have PCOS, Hashimoto&#039;s, and I think I even have something else, I just can&#039;t think of it at the time. I have literally tried EVERYTHING to lose weight. Everything. But nothing would help. This year I have at least stayed within the same 10 pounds which I have heard is normal. My doctor put me on the two week low dosage of this medicine and it didn&#039;t do anything for me. No side effects, nothing. The first week on the highest dosage I didn&#039;t have anything either. Now I am ending my second week on the highest dosage and I am losing about .5-.8 pound a day! Hopefully these results continue :)"
"It worked on an established migraine (six hours into a severe cluster headache) but took about three hours for the full effect to kick in. The fast dissolve pill was really nice."
"Diagnosed May 2015 - left side typical TGN. Didnt want to take Tegretol because of the side effects so tried Gabapentin with minimal effect even on 2700mg pd. After 7 months of daily agony I finally changed to Trileptal. Took two weeks to kick in properly but have  been pain free for the last 6 weeks. Have come off the Gabapentin (hideous) and am now working up the courage to come off the trileptal to see if its gone into remission. The MRI I had has identified the offending blood vessels but I really want to avoid surgery if I can. Medication is expensive but I have had very few side effects - I&#039;ll take that over pain any day of the week!"
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil for about 30 days.  The change in my mood has been positive and very gradual.  Currently I take Latuda with Paxil at night.  I&#039;m not buzzing with joy but my outlook is positive and so I think the Paxil is doing it&#039;s job.... I&#039;m just not sure."
"I&#039;m 19 years old, play college football, and this medication really gave me my life back after battling with severe groin pain (I&#039;m a male) from a sports injury. There were times where my pain level exceeded a level 10, and Percocet brought it down to a 3-4, a level where I can function. My doctor said it&#039;s best to take this medication BEFORE your pain gets severe. It&#039;s called &quot;catching up with your pain&quot;, and really makes a difference."
"I don&#039;t understand.. this pill is terrible.  I recently got married and have been taking this pill for about two weeks, and I&#039;m quitting immediately.  Tender breasts (which is not a big complaint), and also depression-like symptoms.  I&#039;ve read some people saying they were prescribed anti-depressants while taking this pill, which is absolutely ridiculous and no one should have to do that.  Also, I feel tired all the time and my sex drive is completely gone.  It&#039;s been causing some real strain because my husband was under the impression that I&#039;m all of a sudden not attracted to him anymore.  It&#039;s also made me nauseous most days.  I don&#039;t know what is in this crap, but I&#039;m staying away."
"Have been taking this now for 2 years for anxiety and depression. I had minimal side effects when starting the medicine (needed minimal time to adjust as compared to other SSRIs) but can note I now perspire a lot more and my cholesterol and blood pressure have increased. This medicine has worked relatively well for me and has made me better balanced. I still get some anxiety and depression but it&#039;s not as debilitating. It will be disappointing if my cholesterol and blood pressure remain high as I will have to seek alternatives. I have had some weight loss on this medicine and am not hungry all the time like I was on Avanza and Luvox. Fingers crossed some weight loss will fix the high blood pressure."
"I got Skyla about a year ago and I love it. The insertion was slightly painful but only lasted a few minutes. I was dizzy the hours after and did have some cramps but it only lasted about a day. I hardly get my period; light spotting. Although when I do get my period, I get cramps, which I never used to get when I was on the pill. Im not pregnant so that&#039;s a bonus. Overall my only complaint is the cramps I now get. I would recommend this to everyone!"
"I got the implant put in May of last year, so it has been almost an entire year now. Overall, it is extremely effective; I am very sexually active within my relationship and have never once had a scare. My last period was in October, and I have not experienced one since that point, which is awesome. I do very rarely get some light spotting, but I haven&#039;t bought pads or tampons in months. 
Now, on to some of the downsides: I definitely did notice that I have gained weight that has been hard to work off (I run 3 miles a day during the week), and I do occasionally get mild breakouts. However, I do also eat a moderate amount of junk food/sugary things, so I can&#039;t fully attribute that to the implant. 
Overall, very happy so far!"
"I was put on Clindamycin for cellulitis, but the doctor missed the concurrent jawbone infection, so I was taken off of it too early (16 days).  It was doing a marvelous job on my jaw pain.  11 days of being off it allowed the bone infection to come back and spread painfully.  Finally, a dentist diagnosed the jaw infection that moved over from the sore throat and cellulitis (teeth fine), and my PCP put me back on Clindamycin.  After several days, the improvement has been steady.  I hope they treat me long enough to help fully clear up the bone infection this time.  Great stuff.

Absolutely drink lots of water with it.  Helps a lot.  Food too.  Prayer too."
"I hate this so much. Although I had no pms symptoms, light spotting instead of a period, and never got pregnant once.  This is still the WORST birth control I&#039;ve ever been on. I used to have long, soft, smooth hair and because of this shit my hair is a grease pit. Even if i just got out of the shower it looks like I haven&#039;t showered in years. It&#039;s absolutely disgusting!!! I&#039;ve been off of this for 7 almost 8 months and my hair is still profusely greasy, I can&#039;t stand it. I&#039;ll never go back to this  birth control."
"Vraylar saved my life. I was diagnosed bipolar in my early 20&#039;s. I went through a 5 year stint of hard drugs nearly killing myself. After getting sober in 2010, I  took Depacot (made me gain a ton of weight) Lithium ( gave me intense tremors and I was always thirsty). So, I decided to go off meds. Relapsed on alcohol. Found myself in the hospital within a month for trying to commit suicide. I went to a partial hospitalization program where the psych Dr prescribed me Vraylar. I swear within 3 days, I was a new person. I had tons of energy, I was happy, and it&#039;s only been a week I am still only on the 1.5 dose. I am so thankful for this drug. I am usually extremely sensitive to psych meds and have experience no side affects."
"This medicine did not work as well for me as Lunesta or Ambien, but I like that it is not addicting. It is definitely better than nothing. I did feel mildly hungover the next day.

"
"I have OCD, anxiety, and ADHD. I also pick my cuticles everyday. The official name is Dermatillomania and it&#039;s closely related to pulling hair out. I&#039;ve been picking my cuticles for 25 years. There has never been a time when I did not pick them to some degree. I try to hide them and I frequently make them bleed. I take 450 mg of Wellbutrin XL and 25 mg of Paxil (by cutting the pills) daily. 
I started the Paxil almost a month ago for anxiety. While it has helped a lot with anxiety, it&#039;s even more incredible to me that my cuticles are now almost perfect with just one tiny blemish and my nails are long. This is the ONLY time they&#039;ve looked like this since I started when I was 9 years old. Very, very pleased! No more hiding my fingers!"
"I took 1/2 of 150 mg Oleptro for 4 days and had the worst experience of my life. After the first dose, I slept for 19 hours and still woke feeling heavily medicated. After two cups of coffee and a meal, was able to stay awake for five hours but was not totally coherent. Took another 1/2 pill at bedtime and slept without waking until 10:00 the next morning. During all of this &quot;rest&quot; I had the strangest dreams. Not nightmares, but they left me feeling bad and confused. I was able to stay awake and plant flowers, but still felt drugged. I also had an overwhelming feeling of sadness that brought me to tears. Monday morning, I woke up vomiting with severe stomach pains. My vision became more blurred with each day. I have been out of work for a week. "
"I switched from Pristiq (which I had been on for over a year) to Viibryd after my blood pressure went up.  I had some of the stomach issues at the beginning but nothing too bad.  I began with 10 mg, then 20, then to 30 mg very slowly as I had read about the side effects. In all I was on this medicine for about 8 weeks. Over this time my whole body basically bloated up.  I looked like I was pregnant!  I gained about 10 pounds and craved carbohydrates.  I was also having nightmares. Mind wise I believe I should have been at a higher dose but in the end I opted to change medication due to the stomach bloating. I have been on Celexa and Pristiq but the stomach component of Viibryd seems to affect me badly."
"Back went out 3 weeks ago. Pain killers and anti inflame muscle relaxers did nothing. Went back to DR after 2 weeks, put me on methylprednisolone. First day I took 6 pills, back felt waaayyyy better by the end of the day. I feel 80%, and its day 2!"
"I have been on Plaquenil, methotrexate and several other medicines since I was diagnosed with RA 10 years ago. Nothing seemed to work, had trouble just brushing teeth, brushing hair and the smallest task. Then 3 months ago they put me on Enbrel and boy what a big difference it made. Now I have my life back."
"Took two pills around 11:30pm had cramps and nausea all night. Woke up at 7:30 and decided to try to go to the bathroom. In the 10 steps it took to get to the bathroom I already felt faint, nauseous and had cold sweats. Passed out on the toilet so I crawled back to bed for a few minutes before feeling the worst cramps of my life. Crawled back to bathroom and did produce a bm but while I was washing my hands went completely unconscious, fell and split my chin on my bathtub, not bad enough to get stitches but still. I was so weak I couldn&#039;t even type my phone password in to call for help. Finally my roommate found me but come on... this pill should not be on the market. Unbelievable the FDA approves this for otc."
"Went ER on Saturday got Reglan, Benadryl and Toprol, along with a bag of saline. Yummy combination, knocked out my migraine and me. Slept for an hour in hospital then another 4 at home. I&#039;m still wiped out but after a doozy of a migraine I am exhausted for at least 5 days post. Almost like a hangover."
"This is my first time taking birth control due to me always bleeding (being on my period). Whenever I bleed, it&#039;s never heavy but the thought of always bleeding became extremely annoying. I was given the option to take birth control. I decided to go ahead and try it out. I started 4 days ago and have no complaints. No sign of depression, irritability, no change in sex drive, etc. I am happy to say that the bleeding has stopped! I am never been so happier, you just don&#039;t understand. So far no complaints, the future is yet to come. I&#039;ll keep you all posted."
"I started taking this pill when I was 17. Before starting it I researched it only to read really exhausting reviews. However, I still took the pill. It brought on no side effects (didn&#039;t get my period first month). I felt good on it no weight gain or acne! Very pleasuring period (who would&#039;ve thought)! After a year of taking them my insurance decided not to cover them so I had to switch. Four months later I am 13lbs heavier and my face is full if acne. I am going to stop this birth control and I am willing to pay for Loestrin out of pocket for my own health."
"I use to eat spicy foods and very rich foods that cause my gout to act up. I couldn&#039;t even walk up the stairs. I woke up one morning and called my doctor. She recommended Indomethacin to me and in less than a week the pain was gone and I could move my knee with no pain. It really works. "
"I&#039;ve always done cold turkey withdrawal and this is the first time I could function. It made me feel numb and zombie like but I&#039;d rather have that than the cold turkey withdrawal. I&#039;m a 39 year old female who&#039;s been drinking since 15. I&#039;m a horrible binge drinker that can go weeks with only vodka or other kinds of booze, I wake up in the morning and drink until I pass out, soon as I wake up I do it all over again. The only way I stop is my husband takes my wallet, keys, and any access to $. My withdrawals kick in quick and I feel as if I&#039;m dying. I don&#039;t sleep for 3 to 4 days, I hear stuff that&#039;s not there, I sweat profusely and than I&#039;m freezing, horrible anxiety my heart jumps at any noise, my heart races, and I get super depressed"
"I have been on 20mg Saphris for 4 weeks, after taking 10mg for three weeks.  I wish I had the amazing results you people have had.  I would love to have the happy feelings you speak of.  After seven weeks I still have a dazed feeling and difficulty processing information.  I am waiting for my depression to lift.  I take other mood stabilizers including lithium.  I&#039;m afraid Saphris may be yet another failed attempt for me.  The nasty taste and numb tongue are little bother for me, if it would just work."
"I started on 25mg for couple of weeks then went to 50mg. Started having more side effects such as bad headache that lasted for several days. Have kind of numb feeling, don&#039;t want to go out and socialize much. "
"Lortab is a very strong pain reliever.  It takes between 1-2 hours to fully kick in.  The problem I had with it was:
1) Felt like I was in a mental &quot;fog&quot; effect for days.
2) Constipation - drink a lot of water

I have had 20 pills over a period of 3 years for periodic intense leg, ankle or back pain do to work.  I have switch to Tramadol 50mg with less side effects."
"I am in week 5 with Contrave and am down 12 pounds.  My appetite is suppressed almost completely, and certain foods I routinely ate no longer appeal to me. I had problems with nausea the first two weeks, and a lot of agitation during the third week but the side effects have just about disappeared at this point.  It was worth fighting through them.  While I am still at the beginning of this journey, I am already enjoying the scale and the non-scale wins.  I have complained about my weight for years but never hung in there to do much about it so I now feel empowered and motivated to make this work for me.  Thanks to everyone who shares because I find their experiences helpful on my own journey!"
"I was achy, feverish (100.4) and had a severe headache.I felt like a truck ran me over. I went to the Dr. and was prescribed Tamiflu. I took the first dose and noticed a difference. I didnt have nausea, insomnia or diarrhea. No side effects. I was skeptical as viral infections have to run their course but I&#039;m so happy I took it."
"I&#039;ve been taking Triumeq for Three Days Now And It has Been A Wonderful Experience. I Haven&#039;t Had Any Side AffecTs From Taking This Medication. I CaN Tell Its Working Because My Joint Pain I Was Having Before I Started Taking Triumeq Is Beginning To Slack Off. I Will Post My Labs In Two Weeks"
"I was diagnosed with endometriosis after having a laproscopy.  I started the Lupron shots not long after the surgery.  While the symptoms seemed to fade, the side effects were terrible.  I had unbearable mood swings which caused many problems in the family.  The hot flashes were ridiculous.  I also ended up gaining about 20 pounds within six months.  The pain did subside and I have not had as much pain since I finished the injections 10 months ago."
"I&#039;m 43 and have been at a stand still where my weight is concerned-I have reduced my sugar intake and all around carb intake-no longer really eat breads and I exercise about 4 days a week-wasn&#039;t really getting anywhere so I asked my doc to give me something as a jump start.  I started Belviq on 7.14 and now 14 days later I am down 9 pounds and I feel GREAT!  No side effects and I feel alert and in an Awesome  mood!  I&#039;m picking up my first month supply and can&#039;t wait to see the result after being on it for three months.  I&#039;m 5&#039;11 and started out at 215 and now at 206 and my plan is to get down to my goal weight of 175!  I&#039;ve never felt so great and energized and HOPEFUL!"
"7.5 mg dosage has done nothing for me.  I think I should be trying the max dose of 15mg as I had taken the max dose 4mg of Detrol LA"
"I have used this two times in total ever.This time I wasn&#039;t really 100% sure that I had a YI but thought I would give this a go 1st before seeing a DR.  And neither time did I have an issue or the pain that these other ladies are describing. Yes it is messy, I normally use it and stay laying down as much as possible, which helps. But there is definitely at least one underwear change involved. This is the 1st time I used the anti-itch cream though which I needed this time. This product is not painful it IS messy but it does work. It is very likely most of these users didn&#039;t have a yeast infection and might be why they had such a harsh response. Over 80% of ladies buying this product have misdiagnosed themselves."
"I have been on pills for 2 years now but kept forgetting to take them and figured that wasn&#039;t too safe. I got the skyla inserted today and my overall experience wasn&#039;t all that bad. I had a bad stomach cramp, during insertion, that is the type of cramp like you have to use the bathroom! Lol but then after that I had severe menstrual cramps that lasted for a few hours after the procedure. My overall pain rate of the procedure was a 5 out of 10. Now, I am perfectly fine and feel normal! Hope this works good in the long run!"
"I have been on this pill for almost 3 years. I think its a little silly seeing people who have only been on this pill for a month-under a year comment on here because I did not see the effect this pill took on me until a year or two down the road, but I suppose everyone is different. Anyway, for the first 9 months- a year or so I was experiencing minor headaches from this pill, I did not gain or lose any weight that I was aware of, but I am also a very active person. Further, my period was nearly constant for the first few months on the pill, &amp; prior to starting Microgestin my period was very regular. I could predict its start &amp; end dates easily &amp; it came right on time every month. Now however, I rarely have a period at all, &amp; its awesome!"
"Now I have a history of colitis so this is about my 10th one or more. It was nice that you on had to drink 5oz of the liquid at one time followed by 5 more 8oz glasses of liquid. The taste was more citric with a hint of orange. Much better then the lemon lime stuff that I have had to drink in the past. Plus it did not make me nauseous (which is a plus in my book). It did take about 2 hours for me to have my first BM after drinking the Prepopik, and then only 2 more until I had to take the second dose. Then proceeded to go every 45min to an hour until I went to bed. Didn&#039;t wake up during the night to go, only when I woke up an hour prior to my procedure. This is not a fun experience in general, but overall one of the easiest preps I have had"
"Man oh man. Let me tell ya&#039;ll about this implanon birth control. I got this implant in my arm one month after I had my twin girls. I just got it taken out yesterday, I had this piece of shit a little over a year. Putting it in isn&#039;t bad. But I bled for that whole year and one month! Extremely heavy. At one point I thought I had to go to the ER. Not only that hair loss is one of the side effects that they don&#039;t tell you about in the doctors office. My hair has gotten so damn thin it&#039;s a shame. PLUS don&#039;t forget about the acne that never goes away, no matter how many times you wash your face lol. I&#039;ve read that woman gained weight on this, but for me it was the complete opposite, I lost a lot of weight.. Plus constant mood swings!"
"I love Celexa! It really helped me a lot. I have been on it for almost 3months now. I am currently only on 10mg but I am going to ask my doctor to go up to 20mg. I feel great but I know I can feel a little better. I am so much calmer now and little things don&#039;t get to me the way they used to."
"I am now able to focus, not as inattentive. For the first time in 23 years I am able to read and write without losing interest after a sentence. My brain no longer feels as though it is racing or &quot;Pinging&quot; like a party. I find I am more settled in social situations and my impulsiveness has reduced 80%. My dosage is 5mg (first dose) then 2.5mg every 3 afters there after. If I skip my dosage for more than a day, my mind starts wandering and I am severely inattentive and by day 2 my brain and body feels so full of energy I just want to be a menace and scream at everything whilst running a marathon (except I&#039;d get bored of running after 2 minutes ha ha). I wish I had not gone untreated for so long as this medication has saved my life."
"Ok so I have been suffering for two years now. I&#039;m 25. I had this so bad I was anemic with huge blood clots, finally doc gave me d&amp;c a month later started up again it got so bad again w clots. He said depo shot and another d&amp;c he gave me the depo shot last week. I&#039;m not even kidding you it stopped immediately. I&#039;m so happy I was really suffering and now don&#039;t even need the d&amp;c. The only bad part is I want more kids like soon but my body needs a rest from this. I&#039;m 100% for the depo shot it saved my life."
"Worked 100% for a few months. Slowly felt the hip/back pain coming back. Thought I could just increase the amount of exercise. Just walked 11 hours non-stop at a relay for life event yesterday. "
"I started Victoza about 5 days ago. I don&#039;t have diabetes, but my endochronologist put me on it for weight loss. and I have already lost 6lbs! But my stomach has been killing me, and I have slight pain in the injection sight. But overall, it&#039;s been amazing! It also gives me energy."
"The only good this is that I am not pregnant. Had implant for 10 months. Periods started to be irregular, very frequent, with only 1 -2 weeks in between. Lasting longer and longer each time. Now, I am at over 2 weeks period. I still have discomfort (dull pain) where the implant is."
"I love this pill. I didn&#039;t give it a 10 because nothing is perfect but I was on Loestrin Fe 24 and I would get my period for like a day and I kept track with my period planner. I would get cramps and my breast would get very tender and my mood would change as well as my appetite. This medicine is expensive without insurance. Then my doctor recommended I switch to Lo Loestrin Fe. I was a bit skeptical because I didn&#039;t want to end up having more periods. Turns out that when I switched I only had a period for 5 days straight in June 2013 and now we are in October and I haven&#039;t had any cramps or a period for that matter. I do have a lot of discharge which is a side effect, no mood swings or anything like that."
"Although Venlafaxine doesn&#039;t get rid of the pain, my life has improved immensely now that the depression is controlled."
"I have been on antidepressants since I was 23. I started on Paxil which made me a zombie and felt suicidal. Then switched to Effexor which worked for a while but made me have unconscious behaviors alot. I have now been on Zoloft for almost a year and I feel clear headed, not as reactive or erratic. I do have headaches and trouble sleeping off and low sex drive. Overall better Life on daily basis. I feel happier."
"I was given this after I returned from a trip to Texas.  Double ear infection and strep.  After 4 days on this med, my tongue feels like it&#039;s numb, my throat feels like there is a giant lump in there.  My ears are ringing nonstop and there is still fluid in there.  My heart races for the first hour after taking this, I&#039;m dizzy and for some odd reason my feet sweat like crazy ( I have never had sweaty feet, ever).  I called the Dr&#039;s office today and they will get back to me."
"Have moderate fibromyalgia pain, joint pain, a bulging cervical disk and mild peripheral nerve pain. Tried it for a few months. Helped a little at 150mg day. At 300 mg I had flat mood and no libido. Gained 10lbs. Wasn&#039;t worth the dollars or the side effects.

Tried it again with Cymbalta. Didn&#039;t work any better."
"Amazing is the only description I can give.  In a lifting accident I was not able to sleep for 2 weeks, tried Chiro, Steroids, Muscle relaxants, Hydrocodone, sleeping pills, nothing worked until I rubbed 2gr on the affected area - Instantly pain was gone."
"This medication works! Unfortunately I started experiencing horrible burping and vomiting. The incidents progressively got worse. It just started out as burping, then I vomited 1 time, then the next incident I vomited for a couple of hours and then I was sick for 2 days. These did not happen all in the  same week, it was random. I really want to take this med but can&#039;t stand that side effect."
"I&#039;ve been using it for about a month and I&#039;ve been sweat free ever since."
"I&#039;ve been on Linzess for a week. What a difference a week makes. Someone else said Zelnorm was the only thing that worked, for me also until now. I am so excited to actually feel like a NORMAL PERSON. Fingers crossed I am taking the low dose. My doctor gave me the higher dose and told me to try both. So far I haven&#039;t needed the higher dose. It took like 4 years or more to come up with another medicine to replace Zelnorm...so far this one is far better for me."
"Supraventricular Tachy with Arrhythmia runs in our family. When I was 6 years old a Doctor yelled heart attack, I thought he was having one and he thought I was having one. The nurse calmed him down. I obviously compensated from having it so long. So, that was how it was till I was about 28. Then my heart rate was 180 a minute all the time. I could not compensate. I was told to go on heart medicines. I am allergic to a lot of things and do not respond well to things. So after about dying from trying beta blockers I was put on Corgard which worked perfect. Now my insurance will not cover it. I am 56 and just put on Metoprolol and scared. I hope it works well and I have no problems."
"AMAZING!!!!! Stelara saved my life. it worked within my first injection and by the next month I was 90% clear. I just got my 12 weeks follow up and im 100% clear still taking my injection but clear I was covered head to toe 3 months ago."
"Anxiety lifer here. My demon has gotten cruel in the past few years by manifesting itself in severe premature ventricular contraction (PVC&#039;s) every time I start to leave the house or get in a slightly stressful situation.  After a massive panic attack on a flight home from London to DC, I decided I had enough. I told my GP I want to go back on Lexapro. Like every other time, Lexapro works almost immediately for me - my PVC&#039;s and agoraphobia have muted drastically on only 5mg a day! Yes there is slight weight gain and potential sexual side effects but I&#039;ll take those over the other stuff any day. It&#039;s cliche but I do feel like I have my life back. I even ventured out for a run around the city tonight with zero PVC&#039;s. Sucks being on a drug but I&#039;m ok with it today."
"Very convenient for a forgetful person like me but I do not think it is worth the side effects. I had it in for a week and then every now and then would feel slightly nauseous. Also was dry during sex but the part I really couldn&#039;t stand was I could always feel it. It moved around and caused uncomfortable pressure and my pelvis began to actually hurt. Took it out that day."
"Recently my wife commented that my erections were not as firm as they had been and that part way through sex I lost the erection. I&#039;m 58 and we are a very active couple. I decided to try 50 mg Viagra. The Viagra was excellent and my erections have been really firm every time I have used it. I take it an hour before sex and it allows me to achieve a really good erection that lasts as long as we want to make love. My wife and I are really pleased with the results. If we use it at night I wake with an erection which again is really firm. Both my wife and I really recommend Viagra as it has improved our sex life a great deal."
"I got sick about 3 weeks ago and was off of work for 1 week. I went to see my Dr who prescribed me Amox-Clav 850/125 mg for congestion in my lungs. I took 1 tablet for 2 days and discontinued taking. A week later I got almost the same symptoms back and decided to finish the drug as told by my Dr. I took one pill and later that night I had a headache on my temple which radiated down to my right cheek area and my upper teeth. Asprin helped relieve the pressure but i&#039;m probably going to take ibuprofin. NO Good this drug."
"I started taking Contrave the 3rd week of January, at first I did feel a little nauseous and light headed, but I drank lots of water and didn&#039;t take the pills on an empty stomach and those side effects went away after 3 days. The only side effects I am still experiencing are trouble sleeping if I take the second dose too late in the day and I can&#039;t stop clenching my jaw. However, I have lost 11 pounds! I also struggle with depression and I have tried all kinds of meds for it and NOTHING has made me feel as good as this medication does. I feel like I can enjoy my life. I rarely think about food unless my stomach growls and I can resist comfort foods and make better choices. I hope it continues to work this well."
"Female, 5&#039;2, 115lbs. First Colonoscopy. 1st dose - pretty easy to drink down and yes, it takes like cherry cough syrup that has a bunch of salt added to it. I didn&#039;t cool the solution, as I just dumped it into the cup, added the cold water to it and made sure to breathe through my mouth in order not to taste the solution. It took me about 5 sips to drink the whole thing. 2nd dose - it was a lot harder to drink the second dose, as it seemed like it was much more saltier than the first batch. It took me about 10 sips to get this batch down. It took 45 minutes to start working. It took about 1.5 hours to stop. Once it starts and you start drinking the 2 16oz glasses of water, it tends to be non stop. Don&#039;t be fearful, it isn&#039;t that hard :-)"
"I started taking these pills January 12,2017  bc I didn&#039;t won&#039;t to deal with having a period anymore...the worst mistake do not take! My hormones are jacked up. I&#039;m am very moody my appetite  is crazy I have gain 10 pounds and also I been bleeding for 3 weeks straight. My Dr told me to continue to take but I will not take this med - he even tried change the dosage and give me some menopause meds. I said I&#039;m not taking any of that meds it had me so messed up bad. I&#039;m am bleeding so much from my uterus. They are recommending  that I have Nova Sure surgery done. I will keep u post but beware this birth control is not good at all these.  reviews are truth."
"I got my iud inserted on November 18 2015. I read all of these horror stories on this site and it got me freaked out to get my Iud inserted. I have had one child so insertion was absolutely painless for me. The procedure was quick and the doctor talks you through everything. Take some medications before and relax! I have had absolutely no cramping or spotting after my iud insertion. The only thing I have noticed is sometimes I&#039;m slightly more irritable. Do not let these stories scare you into not getting an iud. Most people don&#039;t write about the positive experiences just negative."
"I had had yeast overgrowth for many years, brought about after using Nasalcort for a few years. I had a thick white/brown coating on my tongue that no scraping would help. I had vaginal yeast, itching and discharge. After only one bottle of 1 billion bacteria acidophilus, MY TONGUE IS PINK AGAIN! My vaginal itch is gone and the smelly discharge. No one is more surprised than me, I had previously taken Nystatin and Diflucan and they failed. I will keep taking it because I want to keep the yeast away, and it helps my digestion. I cannot say enough good things about this product. I look forward to taking it, it tastes great."
"I seem to get all of the side effects from medicines. In taking the smallest dose it seemed to help at first then I began to experience extreme dizzy spells caused by the Neurontin. I am now off and beginning a trial period of Cymbalta while I wait to see Rheumatology for more answers. Good Luck To All."
"I&#039;ve only been on this for 5 days, and it is not normal at all! lots of sleeping, extremely dizzy, and feel like vomiting!"
"Just started taking Latuda 2 days ago.  I may be psychologically thinking it&#039;s starting to work already.  But I know it&#039;s just wishful thinking.  Been on 20mg of Prozac, 100mg of Lamictal, .5mg Ativan &amp; 100mg of trazadone for 15 years.  Hopefully I can quit the Prozac altogather.  Will see, very hopeful."
"I am 31 &amp; was diagnosed at 30 with PCOS &amp; until recently I haven&#039;t had many issues with it my periods were always irregular so when I got them it would be painful well. On 09/08/15 I lost a pregnancy at 10 1/2 weeks I have been seeing the same Ob since I was 16 she had finally had enough knowing I badly wanted a baby. Well since this loss to date 11/12/15 I have had a total of 12 days with no bleeding so pretty much 3 months severe heavy bleeding with clots I went from having perfect iron levels to them being so low I&#039;m on the verge of a blood transfusion. This week I&#039;ve my on upped my iron from 325 to 650mg a day and I am taking 10mg of Provera every 8 hours this is day two and I&#039;m happy to say I&#039;m already seeing results I hope it stays this "
"I had a problem with sweaty armpits since  freshman in high school. I told my mom about my problem. She took me to the doctor. When I used it for the first time, my armpits was on fire, due to not drying them up well. Second time I tried was about 5 years later, but I used blow dryer after the shower on my armpits then the medication.  No problem. So now I&#039;m 26 and tonight I&#039;m do it again and I&#039;m also using blow dryer to make sure is dry and I don&#039;t have to suffer."
"I have arthritis in my neck/upper back that comes and goes. The pain clinic prescribed a dose pack. It worked extremely well.  When the pain comes back I take another dose pack. No more then twice a year right now. I have the usual side effects  - sleeplessness, jitters, and hunger."
"I found the Nuva ring to be a hassle. 
Two weeks after insertion of the Nuva ring I had to take it out! The first week I started experiencing nausea, headaches, cramps, noticable excessive vaginal lubrication, desensitivity around my lady parts. These symptoms followed into week two and started getting worse.  I couldn&#039;t tell if the nuva ring was effecting my mood or not due to mental health issues I already have, I didn&#039;t know if I was just having a bad few weeks of depression ( which is normal for me ) or if maybe the Nuva ring was causing me to feel bad.
I also, I found the Nuva ring hard to insert as it felt like it was always going going to come out, and had to keep putting it back in place. I would not recommend it. Just wasn&#039;t for me"
"Together with Modafinil a functional combination for steady thinking, awareness, and attention to detail. Twenty mg of Amphetamine Salts with 400mg Modafinil upon waking, 20 mg Amphetsalts about 4 hours later. Modafinil 200 at about 3pm and 20mg Amphetsalts at around 5 p.m. A productive, positive and inclusive day was had by me and all around me.
Narcolepsy/Cataplexy, ADD+- types as diagnosed up and down over many years, Modafinil supports the Hippocampus, the Salts drive a functioning Forebrain. Those combinations are open to a lifetime of adjustments, aging, quality of life as living requirement constant vigil to not do too much and do enough, working with Doctors who&#039;s joy is in mentoring and coaching you through those life changes."
"Works great. I&#039;ve taken it or others just like it most my adult life but it does take years away from your life and is addictive to the point of you becoming non-functioning without it."
"I&#039;m a 28 year old female and took generic Setraline (APO-Setraline) prescribed by my doctor for treatment of my OCD for about a year. 

It worked pretty well and my obsessive thoughts were less intrusive and I felt at peace and happier. It also caused my metabolism to spike so I was losing weight. However after about 2 months, I started developing painful cystic acne. For a long time, I didn&#039;t link it to the Setraline I was taking as it wasn&#039;t a listed side effect. However, after trial and error of eliminating other causes, I finally decided to stop my Setraline to see if there could possibly be a link. Unfortunately, it really was the cause. By then, my face has been scarred so badly I really regret taking this med. :&#039;("
"I&#039;m 52, sought help from a dermatologist for under skin bumps, blackheads and oily skin.  I&#039;ve been using this product for a few months now and in the beginning, as stated in other posts, I experienced dry, irritable skin but in the past few weeks, I&#039;ve noticed a noticeable change.  My skin is radiant, even tone and the bumps are practically all gone.  I use coconut oil as a night moisturiser and this cream daily.  I also use a sunscreen. I have been getting very positive comments on the youthfulness of my skin.  :)"
"Viagra does require verbal communication about desire with my partner since it does take about an hour to be most effective.  So we talk about wanting to make love later and the anticipation can build which is nice.  I have found over the last 8 year a definate tolerance to the effects of Viagra where it is much less effective but that might be just getting old."
"I have been using Cytomel for 3 months.  I had been on compounded T3 for 9 months, however I was experiencing increasingly severe hot flushes.  Currently my hot flushes have decreased."
"There&#039;s not much I can say because I haven&#039;t hit the 8 to 12 week mark but I don&#039;t have that long and I&#039;ve been using adapalene 0.3% in combination with doxycycline 150 mg for 5 weeks and I&#039;m looking worst than I did before I began. It&#039;s definitely not the doxycycline because I&#039;ve been prescribed doxycycline before and it worked wonders until about 2 months after I was done taking it. I have a wedding in 3 weeks so I&#039;m just going to stop using it until after the wedding. Hopefully this will give my skin time to heal before then because as of right now my self esteem is at an all time low and I&#039;m looking a handsome mess!"
"I would like to first say that my experience with Adderall was overall successful, it most definitely helped my concentration and ability to focus. However, there are some side effects that I think are worth noting.

I had minimal anxiety prior to taking this medication (only when traveling). My anxiety dramatically increased to the point where I was put in therapy and almost took a medical leave from work. (I quit taking the medication once I realized it was a significant contributing factor - although not completely to blame)

I had a very dry mouth while prescribed, which actually ended up leading to cavities according to my dentist. 

Noticeable lower back pain &amp; problems sleeping (both are alleviated once you quit taking the meds)"
"I was just put on oxycontin yesterday 10 mgs twice a day with norco for break through pain. I was on oxycodone 5mgs 4 times a day. The only thing I don&#039;t like is the headache I got this morning and dry mouth, but I will stay with it, because it works."
"I had my Mirena put in a year and a half ago. I have two kids but didn&#039;t want to commit to getting my tubes tied so I decided to go with Mirena and at first it was great, my periods got lighter. Over time I noticed I put on about 5 lbs which wasn&#039;t bad but then it was another 5 then another. Its been very gradual but for the life of me I just can&#039;t lose it and I continue to gain weight. Other then the weight gain I&#039;ve started breaking out, not just on my face but on my chest and back. All in all I love not having a heavy period or having to take the pill everyday but I have decided to get it removed since I haven&#039;t been able to counteract the side effects I&#039;ve had."
"I have been on Suboxone for 4 months. I was just switched to Zubsolv because the taste of the Suboxone made me nauseated. So I was switched I&#039;ve been using this product for 3 days now. I think it works wonderful. I have no side effects that I&#039;ve noticed. I love the taste so no more nausea."
"So I took Ella one just before 48 hours of unprotected sex, my period was due on the 25th, which was about 2+ weeks later on, so I waited, but when the 25th came, no period, naturally was very very panicked, and after a few days there was still nothing, took a pregnancy test and the first one didn&#039;t work, which again was worrying, but the second one came back that I wasn&#039;t pregnant, which was a big relief! Just come on my period now, which is the 30th. Honestly, try not to worry too much and stay calm, it&#039;s more than likely that this has worked!"
"This is my first experience and I just pray I never have to do it again! Drinking this stuff was harrowing and I don&#039;t know how I&#039;m going to get through the second dosage. After one sip I knew I was in trouble! I called my doctor&#039;s office and they said it would be ok to mix the 16 oz cup with ginger ale. So I took 4 oz of the mixture and mixed it into a tall glass of ginger ale. But then they called me back and said I shouldn&#039;t do that and that I shouldn&#039;t sip it, best to drink all at once. Nightmare! So I just took a deep breath and finished it. I was sure I would throw up, but luckily I didn&#039;t. I ran to the bathroom to rinse out my mouth with cold water. Then on the toilet for two hours. It works!"
"My comment is concerning the design of the new bottles.  Have you tried getting a tiny pill from a large square bottle?  They won&#039;t pour out but lodge in the corner."
"I was tested by the breath test that prove me to be positive.  I started the 14 day regimen of Amoxicilin/Clarithrimycin/Lansoprazole and to day I&#039;m on my 11th day of the treatment.  The first day I was exhausted, the second I was exhausted and unable to muster the strength to do any activities that I wanted to do.   I started the very first day taking Dr. Mercola&#039;s probiotics and high count of digestive enzymes.  My experience has not proved to be that unpleasant to rid my body of the nasty H-Pylori bacteria..  The treatment has been well worth the efforts, I would highly recommend it.

P.S.  A Teaspoon of baking soda (Sodium Bicarbonate) destroys yeast, Mothers Vinegar is a huge +"
"Drysol is amazing. I love it. It really burns at night under my arms but it is worth it. Drysol has changed my life, that&#039;s why I gave it a nine but the only problem is that it has not worked on my hands. "
"I took accutane for 4 months with amazing results when I was 16. I had severe acne on my cheeks, chin, and temples and it all cleared up w/ just some light marks and scars left over. My skin remained clear for about 6 months after I stopped taking it and I didn&#039;t have to use any topic treatments. The acne returned slowly with a few small bumps and got the point where it was just as severe as before. Now, a little over a year from when I started my first round, I am on accutane again. Now, I am about a month into my treatment and I see fantastic results. This second round is better than the first; the first time, I experienced an initial flare up, this second time, it immediately got better."
"It saved my life, had forgotten normal people live this type of life, I feel normal again! I feel so lucky my doctor prescribed it."
"WARNING!!! I was hospitalized after taking just two days out of the 5 prescribed of macrobid (nitrofunatol). I went to urgent care for a UTI and after the 5th dose. I began to not be able to catch my breath and my body felt tingly and feet felt bruised. I stopped taking the medication and about a day later, I could barely breathe, my entire back seized up into the most excruciating pain I&#039;ve ever felt in my entire life. I could not move my head without a migraine-like headache pulsating in my ears and top of my head. 5 days later I am still virtually bedridden, vomiting, no appetite, my body feels like a giant bruise and my skin tingles and hurts to touch even with clothing. Tread carefully around this stuff, it&#039;s not worth the pain AT ALL"
"I have PTSD and bipolar OCD and agrophobia. I&#039;m on 5 mg diazepam, 300 pregablin 225 quetiapine and 408 lymecycline these all daily dosages. I find it spaces me out a fair bit and i do eat more BUT its been an overnight success for me its made life bearable again."
"I take Seroquel for schizo-affective disorder.  I also take Prolixin in addition to that and an anti-depressant.  I have had schizophrenia/schizoaffective disorder for about 4 years now.  The reason I name both schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder is because I go in and out of delusions that seem very real, but I have discerned to just brush most of them off as normal things I interpret as conspiracies or straight out someone wishing me to be dead.  It can be fairly scary but it has made me much stronger and now I still constantly get the voices but no longer do I go months, day after day, of thinking someone out there has it in for me or other delusions.  Seroquel, in my opinion has made me much less paranoid."
"My body responds to sulfur products. After two days on Bactrim I noticed a difference. By the 4th day I was back to myself. It really helped me."
"I&#039;ve been on Trintellix for 6 months and this pill has been a miracle for me! I was on Wellbutrin for 5 months prior, but it ended up giving me anxiety so I switched. I&#039;ve had depression for over a decade and nothing really took it away -- I did therapy, changed my diet, exercised.. I still felt grey, lifeless and didn&#039;t care much if I died. My depression was never overwhelming sadness, it was quite the opposite: I felt nothing. Nothing gave my pleasure. I was just a robot doing what I had to do. It worked quite quickly, about 3 weeks after I started. I will always have depression, but I&#039;m able to cope now. I no longer feel like life is meaningless.. I now do things just for the sake of it. I finally enjoy normal events like everyone else."
"I took this pill 12 hours after sex which was during my ovulation window, this pill did not work for me I am pregnant"
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin for about 2 months now and I&#039;ve honestly had a pretty pleasant experience with it. I&#039;ve had no blatant side effects but I do find that I&#039;m a lot quicker to cry lately and sometimes I get upset a bit unnecessarily. In terms of weight gain, which was my biggest concern, I haven&#039;t had any noticeable gain. I have had a lot of random cravings though. Near the end of the first month I had random breakthrough bleeding without any warning and it was prior to the week of the designated period pills. Overall I would recommend this pill."
"So I&#039;ve been on this birth control about a month now. I was accidentally prescribed this after my doctor failed to put in the correct low dose estrogen birth control I was taking prior.

This pill so far has definitely caused me to gain a few pounds, give me no motivation, and the most insane mood swings I&#039;ve ever experienced on a pill.  I will cry for no reason, and get annoyed and angry at friends or coworkers. I will also get very sad by the littlest things and reach for the phone to call my ex which we all know is not a good decision.  I will stick with this pill for a few more months but if it gets worse I will schedule and appointment to get it changed. 
No headaches though!"
"Went to a therapist who suggested Xanax and the doctor refused to do that and gave me Zoloft so I gave it a shot. First week was hell, was falling asleep sitting up which I had never done before. I was tired, sick feeling, and dizzy among other side effects. Once these subsided my panic attacks stopped, however I was sleeping 20 hours at a time, waking up then four hours later going back to sleep another 20 hours. I did notice I became better in social situations yet I lost interest in things I enjoyed doing and left the house even less than before. I have been diagnosed with GAD, panic disorder, agoraphobia, social anxiety, major depression, dermatillomania, and trichtotillomania. Not worth the negatives to fix only a few of these."
"Avoid this medicine as much as possible. It created unbearable pain in my left hand/arm and my chest and my jaw.
It also created insomnia.
I stopped taking it after 2 days."
"I&#039;ve been dealing with a chronic GI problem for about 3 months. It caused me to some times because unreliable/loose when going to the bathroom. So I went on the B.R.A.T diet for a little too long and it got me backed up pretty bad. I tried Dulcolax but it didn&#039;t do too much. My doctor decided I try the last step and take a dose of Miralax. I mixed it in a full bottle of 100% juice and all the terrible pain and bloating I had went right away a couple hours later. No cramping or anything, just mild stomach growling. This is a miracle!"
"I have been a sporadic alcoholic for years now. This and my bipolar does not help.  I was prescribed gabapentin 600mg 3 times a day for my frequent and very painful headaches  and I have never felt better. I have no cravings for alcohol and haven&#039;t drank for 2 weeks now. I sleep better. I feel positive. I&#039;m happy for the first time In years. More research should be done as it is not a recommended medicine for alcohol withdrawal."
"Hi , I take Tramadol every 8 hours 50 Mg.  I have Factor 5 mutation a blood clotting disorder. Both my legs are filled with chronic blood clots threw my groin and I also suffered PE. in December. I  was going to my Pain Dr for 2 years telling him it&#039;s not working for me. All he seemed to do was tell me he was not going to put me on anything else... So I gave up and feel left out like the trash my my Medical Dr. I did every nerve test and they came out fine, I went to at least 10 different Drs not just for my pain but my &quot; Green Fitler &quot; as well and Blood Drs and so forth .. to be told that the nerve test  they gave me wont show this type of nerve pain I am in agonoy 24]7 I cry my self to sleep most nights and suffer greatly ."
"I have been on 80 mg Uloric with  colchicine  for the last 18 months. I used to get attacks about once every 3 months, while only taking colchicine, now with Uloric I get an attacks almost every month. It took about 6 months for my purine levels to fall to a normal range. but still attacks, I am saddened by the results. My doctor says to continue and he expects it could be another year before I don&#039;t get attacks. I don&#039;t believe him and am seeking a second opinion. My attacks typically are in my feet and last 7 to 10 days. I presently have a rare attack in my knee and I can hardly walk without severe pain. I have an insurance plan that basically covers this."
"I have racked my brain trying to remember the name of this birth control. Sad it is discontinued. My favorite out of five brands I have tried. Made me lose 5lbs/mo without changing anything in my life style, i never got pregnant and I never had acne."
"At age 65 my cholesterol reading creeped past borderline to high. I was put on 5mg of Crestor.  After only one month, my LDL went from 167 to 79. 
At first I took at bedtime but noticed some minor leg pain. I switched to taking with evening meal and pain stopped."
"Only drug that worked to break a 1 week bad Migraine cycle.  I used one IM injection and within an hour the pain was totally gone.  The only side effect was waking up a lot during the night."
"I first got Implanon in July of 2011 and a month later I had my period for about a week, maybe a little longer which was strange for me because it usually only lasts a few days. It was very light though. I did get some acne due to the Implanon but after a couple of weeks it went away. I also still get the mood swings, but that could just be me..Now its been 2 months and I was scared because I haven&#039;t had my period at all but with reading other reviews I guess its normal. I absolutely love Implanon and I recommend it to any girl who is thinking about it!"
"I got a yeast infection after having sex. The Dr. Prescribed me Terconazole 0.4% (7 day treastment) at first it felt great! It&#039;s been 6 days that I finished the treatment but sadly I still feel the burning and irritation feeling. Maybe I need a higher dose or try out the oral pills."
"I was put on Blisovi because CVS stopped carrying Gildess (Gildess was perfect for me). Lucky for me, I recently found out Walgreens still carries Gildess, just an fyi for anyone else."
"I&#039;ve only been taking Celexa for a couple of weeks but I can already notice positive changes regarding my anxiety and severe depression. I am more calm and not as nervous and definitely feeling more leveled out. No real side effects other than jaw clenching, which I have gotten a mouth guard for. It&#039;s my understanding that this side effect usually clears up in a few weeks. 

Anyways, nice to feel level and not suicidal and negative anymore. Hopefully it keeps up, given my own and family history, I&#039;ll probably be a &quot;lifer&quot; on this."
"Following 6 months of chronic pain and fatigue, I was finally diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in September 2017. I&#039;m a 19 year old male. I was bed ridden and felt my life was over. I found the Guaifenesin Protocol after many hours of Google Research. It works exactly as it says. I was completely pain and fatigue free for 3 days after the 4th day of taking it. I spiralled back into it until about a week ago. I am completely pain and fatigue free. I&#039;m getting my life back. Thank  goodness for Dr. St. Armand&#039;s Protocol. It seriously works!"
"I&#039;ve had this birth control since April 2013 and I have not had a single period. I&#039;ve spotted a couple of times but never an actual period. I also notice a significant weight gain was wondering if it&#039;s because I don&#039;t get a period and what can I do? Other than that it&#039;s the best birth control I&#039;ve used."
"Okay, I had a mild YI and almost didn&#039;t take this stuff because of the horrifying reviews. So, for three weeks, I tried probiotics, apple cider vinegar, a yeast cleanse supplement, oregano oil, coconut oil, and eliminating all sugar (even fruit). I definitely recommend this method for weight loss, but the YI remained. While contemplating sticking a clove of garlic...up there...I realized I was being ridiculous, and it was time for modern medicine. 

Day 1: inserted the cream before bed and prayed that fire ants were not about to populate my nether region. I felt...a warm sensation?...for maybe ten minutes...then RELIEF! The next morning (upon standing up) resulted in a mass exodus of cottage cheese and medication from my nether region (sorry, if you&#039;re googling this, you&#039;ve already seen worse), but zero discomfort. 

Day 2: same - no warm sensation - just relief. Less of a dramatic morning stand-up, but a smaller yeast evacuation. 

Day 3: no signs of YI

Day 4: no signs of YI - debating stopping the medication, but it is seven-day for a reason. 

Day 5: YI is a thing of the past. What&#039;s yeast? 

Day 6: taking the medication is now a superfluous yet instinctive part of my bedtime routine. 

Day 7: FINALLY"
"I&#039;ve had Type II diabetes. My doctor recently put me on Watson 461 Glipizide  ER. Glucose levels came back under control. After this the pharmacy switched me to a &quot;normal&quot; release form. I experienced terribly shoulder aches which woke me up in the middle of the night. I thought these were due to a visit to the gym, but I have been doing exercise for the past 3 years without pain this bad. It took me a while to realize this is what happened when a previous doctor also put me on Glipizide, which resulted in the same excruciating shoulder pain. I&#039;ve stopped using the medication, and the pain has decreased significantly (I am not woken at night with the excruciating pain any more, pain is still there in the background). Blurry vision too."
"I started Allegra-D 12 hour in 1999 for allergies that left me with migraines &amp; a neck so stiff that I could barley turn my head. Allegra-D 12 hour was a miracle &amp; one tablet a day brought me back to fully functional.

It worked great for 15 years. But in summer of 2015, something changed. I would get a box that didn&#039;t work as well, then a box that worked just fine.  I emailed the manufacturer to ask if they had changed binders / fillers that might make it harder to metabolize the active ingredients. Of course they said &quot;no&quot;. 

 Since summer of 2015, Allegra-D has been about as effective as taking a sugar pill. Don&#039;t waste your money. Email the company, demand they go back to the old formulation."
"I have had asthma for 45 years. I started on this medication when I was very young. It&#039;s always worked very well for me. I have had physicians try to change it to something else but I always end up requesting they change me back to Ventolin. It just works."
"I have completed four weeks of sovaldi and daklinza, and my one month blood work shows the virus is undetectable. I have had very few super mild side effects, and if I wasn&#039;t sort of looking for them might not even notice. I feel like my heart beats hard sometimes and have had some episodes of palpitations which gives me anxiety, but that&#039;s it. It&#039;s a dream compared to what I&#039;ve heard about past treatments and im so glad its available and that my insurance finally approved it!"
"I had 2 injections and now I have Pharyngeal adema, very hoarse gravely voice, horrible dry cough, fluid in one lung, swelling feet, uncontrolled diarhea at times.  I was given 2 injections when this all started.  I have been on Enbrel, Humira, Simponi, Remicade (also caused cough but went away when I quit the infusions), Methotrexate.  I am back on Methotrexate with higher dose than before and doing fine but my Dr is very worried about the left over symptoms from the Cimzia.  HE put me on a Zpac 3 days ago and hopes this will take care of the infection and clear my lung."
"Kadian has been an amazingly helpful medication for me. I take 14 medications daily, four of those medications are for severe pain. And until the doctor added Kadian the pain just was not giving me any breaks. I have been on Kadian for about four years now I would rather die than miss even one dose as it&#039;s that important to the quality of my life. To be fair I do have some side effects I consider to be mild and not worth even mentioning one thing to say that is important I am physically addicted to this medicine missing a dose makes me sick sick sick but then again I don&#039;t miss doses anyway because of my pain levels however the pharmacy doc or insurance will mess up once in awhile so I do suffer missing doses once in awhile"
"Was originally given naproxen for dental pain. but didnt use it all, I read leaflet and saw it helps nerve pain as my sciatica flared up again now lasting ten weeks onwards. I took one yesterday and one today and its eased quite a bit. My worse time is when I get up am hobbling around on one leg until nerve settles. still get the pins needles in foot and leg, but the naproxin seems to ease the actual pain and relax the nerves. It does not make the pain go but just relaxes it. It works for some and not for others but guess same with all medicines. I have tried to manage without pain killers and didnt want to end up reliant on them. but its that or having severe pain 24.7. London Uk dont pay for meds covered via other conditions."
"I have been trying to deal with drippy eyes and nose (saturating multiple tissues in a couple of hours), and upon awakening clearing throat for over 20 years since moving from the east coast to CA. I  finally decided that I had enough and the doctor told me to try Zyrtec. I started it a few days ago...yep, the drips improved, BUT, I feel exhausted, falling asleep, no energy. I think I may have to deal with the drippy symptoms and tell Zyrtec to take a hike!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Seasonique for 4 months now. I&#039;ve had no break through bleeding, no problems with sex drive, no serious weight gain or acne. I&#039;ve also noticed that my moods have become more level (as I was diagnosed with PMDD &amp; my dr thought that leveling out the hormones for a longer period of time would help). Also, my periods only last about 3 days. Love this pill."
"Pain and inflammation cleared up within 2 days.  Took a couple hours to take effect. I had to take it for a week at breakfast and lunch, now just using as needed. I have not noticed any side effects.  With some of the medications I was given, I had severe muscle cramping, etc.  Stronger pain medicine had almost no effect.  Previously had much difficulting moving and sleeping. Diclofenac solved this for me. So far this is a great medicine."
"I have recently experienced a most unusual muscle reaction when I try to go to sleep. It&#039;s like my legs twist and contort, and I have no control over them.  I recently reviewed side effects of Sertraline and noted this on several occasions in their warnings."
"Neuropathy, still require some narcotic for breakthrough pain but only a couple times per week. Works well."
"I&#039;m shocked to read people say this stuff makes your cold sore disappear because I have tried it numerous times and every time my cold sore grows to be huge. Yesterday I drove to the pharmacy when I felt the tingling. I had a tiny blister and I proceeded to apply the abreva. I kept reapplying every 3 to 4 hours and it only seemed to get worse. Woke up in the morning and it was as if I hadn&#039;t used anything! The only thing I will say is that my cold sores last about 3-4 days with abreva (at least I think it&#039;s because of abreva). I do however need something better for my $21."
"The pills too large to swallow and I almost choked twice.   So now I bite tablet in half.  I&#039;m  afraid to swallow and my voice is getting hoarse.  I&#039;m  thinking of stopping this med.  Is there a liquid form available?"
"Was prescribed 2mg of diazepam for muscle spasms in my neck. I&#039;ve taken three tablets so far today and u have had no ease, still in severe pain."
"I was in a car wreck that caused nerve damage to the left side of my body in 2001 and then had a Laminectomy (back surgery) from a spinal meningioma (tumor) in 2008.  I also have neuropathy. I had severe pain and spasms all the time.  My Doctor prescribed Methocarbomol 750mg four X a day.  I was also taking 10mg of Librium 3 x a day and tramadol HCL 50mg  2 X a day.  I have stopped taking the Librium now 2012 but the Methacarbomal cuts way down on my spasms and the tramodol lets me sleep. It&#039;s so nice not to hurt like that anymore and to be able to sleep."
"I&#039;ve used it way more than a few times. It truly works and truth be told it does mess up your period. One time it went away for 3 months and I was going crazy thinking I was pregnant but I wasn&#039;t. It&#039;s different for everyone but most of the time I&#039;m normal and no side effects. It is expensive though."
"I have fibromyalgia and chronic insomnia. I began taking Trazadone for chronic insomnia of about 7 years. I tried every med out there to get even 3 to 4 hrs a night. I started on 50 mgs at bedtime and it did nothing. So I then took 100 mgs a night and would sleep 3-4 hours and then wake up. My doctor added Lunesta 3 mgs to take with the Trazodone and I sleep all night every night for the first time in at least 7 years. I had tried Lunesta a few years back and it did not work for me at all, but taken along with Trazodone I get a peaceful sleep all night long. I also take Cymbalta and Gabapentin for my Fibro and my life is pretty good. Still get fibro flares every so often but nothing like I used to get when first diagnosed 14 years ago."
"I spent several years taking Citalopram, which I found to be very good, until it stopped working. I was then prescribed Venlafaxine. I started off on 225mg daily, but it was not controlling my anxiety and I became depressed on it.. I was then told to up the dosage to 300mg daily by my Psychiatrist. Several months on, and I can firmly say this medicine has turned me into the same state I was in prior to ever taking any medication. My anxiety has increased, and I now suffer with depression and suicidal thoughts which I never had before. I have had no appetite, which can be a side effect for some people. have lost a lot of weight. Food and drink tastes strange, my skin has developed pimples."
"For the past 2-3 years, I have been on and off Lexapro/Ativan for Anxiety and Wellbutrin for quitting smoking. I stopped taking Lexapro about a year ago with excellent results. I basically just felt great and didn&#039;t need to take it anymore. I continued taking Wellbutrin (daily) and Ativan (as needed). Then I stopped taking both of those about 6 months ago because I was feeling great. Well, my anxiety started up again several months ago and I got back on Wellbutrin and Ativan, which have always helped me tremendously. However, I wanted to stop relying on the benzo (Ativan) and therefore, started taking Buspar. I have got NOTHING from it besides dizziness and a headache. I have been taking Buspar for about 2 months. I am starting Lexapro again."
"I&#039;ve had my Paragard in for 8 months so far. Same as everyone else, pretty crampy when getting it inserted. However love the fact that it works. The only downfall is I bleed WAY more. I bleed through super+ tampons in less than 8 hours. I&#039;m going to a doctor to see if I need to change the device. Also, my mood swings are pretty crazy lately. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s the excessive bleeding or what. I want to love the paragard, but if you have known problems with low iron or thin blood it may not be right for you!"
"This pill this the best for most depression and anxiety. No side effects. Also non-habit forming for me."
"My daughter has been taking Aptensio for 3 months now. She takes 50mg once a day. She has taken just about every drug on the market. The longest lasting about 8 months. She takes the Aptensio at 7am and by 3:00 when she comes home she is a total train wreck! The come down for her is fast and has her acting worse than before medicated. She says she isn&#039;t really finding her focus to be much better when at school. However, in the past 3 months she has put on 5 lbs. She is always hungry which is a total change from any other stimulant med she has tried. I take the same med and have put on 13lbs. in three months. We know of two other children that have gained as well and love the med. So if your child is under weight from stimulants try this one"
"I have had acne all of my life. I am 30 years old and have tried EVERYTHING. I started 40mg twice daily three weeks ago and the results are amazing. My face it almost totally clear now. I am truly amazed. Excellent product."
"I was in remission with Arava and oral methotrexate for 7 years, but stopped taking methotrexate because I didn&#039;t think I needed it anymore and I was slightly nauseated every time I took it. It was a big mistake because my feet are a hot mess. I became totally out of remission with major shoulder/neck pain and fatigue. I recently added Otrexup, in additional taking Arava. After 2 weeks I was pain free and my energy level has returned. I am paying $179 per month for Otrexup and it&#039;s a hardship. I am planning to discuss with my doctor going back on oral methotrexate which is only $10 per month."
"42 year old male recently diagnosed with ADD (no hyperactivity).  Vyvanse is the only medication I&#039;ve tried and I&#039;m reasonably happy with it.  Started 30 mg for 2 weeks.  Felt a little jittery and had a funny taste in my mouth.  Increased to 70 mg.  No longer feel jittery, no funny taste, but my mouth is always dry so I drink a lot of water.

Vyvanse seems to help me get more done.  I can&#039;t say I&#039;m more focused, but I am more motivated, so the end result is more productivity, though not always directed in the best place.

It decreased my appetite, so it was easier to switch to a healthier diet.  Lost more than 25 lbs. in first 3 months, which has also helped increase self esteem, motivation and energy level."
"I took this for bladder infection and I got so sick. My body felt weak, my stomach was upset and overall I felt like I had a bad case of the flu. My doctor said it was a side effect and gave me a different antibiotic."
"I was unable to continue taking this past the 10th day due to the side effects- extreme sweating, dizziness, nausea, and just feeling sick.  I wasn&#039;t able to take it long enough to know if it works for pain."
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor 37.5mg once daily since September 2006 mainly to relieve symptoms of Irritable Bowel Syndrome &amp; Depression. Effexor has worked great for both. I tried to get myself off of Effexor a few years ago &amp; took St. John&#039;s Wort instead. I was lucky not to have any withdrawal symptoms. However, the depression returned, which I couldn&#039;t handle and returned to Effexor. I did wean myself off it and had no withdrawal symptoms. Experts say if you get off it, have to return to it, it may not work again. That didn&#039;t happen with me.  I just found that Effexor raised my blood pressure &amp; cholesterol.  I have to decide whether to stay on it and be sane &amp; preserve my kidneys, or stop it &amp; get depressed AGAIN. Conundrum."
"I was on Lo Loestrin FE for about two years.  The first year and a half were GREAT!  I had absolutely no side effects, never had my period, and most importantly never got pregnant.  Unfortunately, near the end I begin experiencing severe vaginal dryness, pain during intercourse, mood swings, and acne.  I have no clue what happened, but am sadly discontinuing use.  I am temporarily switching to the patch which will hopefully work better with my body.  I soon plan on getting either the Mirena or Nexplanon for long-term prevention and less hassle (I hope).

The price was also terrible.  For the longest time I paid $75 a month which eventually decreased to $50 and then to $25.  Be sure to ask your Dr for the discount card and sample packs."
"This medicine works great for me. The only problem I have is they only last 2 days. I have to tape it on, and they cause constipation."
"I was on this pill for a year and the only side effect I had were the occasional bad headaches. Each month my period would get lighter and lighter. I had very little cramps. I was pretty happy with it. I stopped taking it for over a year and went back to my doctor 5 months ago to get back on it and now I&#039;m experiencing every symptom possible!"
"Prozac saved my life!!! I struggled with bulimia for years and now I can finally say I rarely even think of binging n purging! It is the ultimate freedom....I can honestly say if it wasn&#039;t for this medication I would have died. I have so much faith in this medication!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Changed my life. (I am a 26 year old female)"
"I have been taking Estratest H.S. 0.625\1.25mg for 18 yes now and all of my hot flashes, night sweats, mood swings they all have went away. But since I smoke my drs here in Missouri will not give them too me until I have stopped smoking for at least 3 months. That is easier said then done. Without my pills I get migraine headaches, crazy mood swings and I can&#039;t stand to be around myself."
"Worst night of my life. I made the mistake of not looking at reviews until I had just popped the pill. I felt like a zombie. I couldn&#039;t think or formulate sentences. My body felt like I had needles all over. My legs wouldn&#039;t stop shaking. I couldn&#039;t see. I cried until I fell asleep and continued to have side effects the next day. I cannot believe they sell this medication. By far the worst experience of my life. I do not recommend this drug to anyone and sincerely recommend anyone considering this drug to not take it."
"Zanaflex works when I use it for my tight shoulders leading to my back; however I seem to be have some side effects that most people are just laughing off. I think my husband things I&#039;m a little off. I have hallucination - yes, I realize they  are real. The other is when I start to move around all of the joint seem to be tight and the muscles spasmings around them. It is about 5-10 mins long. I lose my balance and one more thing, I have acute hearing loss, at times too. That could be unrelated."
"Great. Cleaned up the ulcerated esophagus."
"I had moderate to severe acne which affected my self esteem immensely.  I would not leave my room without makeup caked on and even then I felt terrible about myself.  I tried absolutely everything before accutane.  Literally everything.  This medication changed my life.  I am acne free, and its been 2 years since I ended my course of accutane.  The only side effect that has stayed with me even after 2 years is my piercings and other thing take 10 times longer to heal, some piercings haven&#039;t healed at all in fact.  But apart from that, it is the best choice I have ever made. This medication is a miracle, seriously, its worth the shot.  It cleared up my acne to the point where I now have perfect skin.  This changed my life."
"I suffered for almost a year was to the point that I couldn&#039;t leave the house without freaking out. It took to being but in the hospital and forced to take medicines. Best thing that ever happened. It has only been a week and I feel like my old self again. All the nerves and jitteriness is gone. I wish hadn&#039;t waited so long. I would highly recommend this medicine. As for side effects as of now I have not had any, so if you are thinking about this medicine don&#039;t think about it and just take it. I lost almost a year of my life because I was scared to take it."
"Not only did this medication reduce the symptoms of IBS which for me felt like problems with my heart (which in turn drove up my anxiety), it also gave me the best sleep I had in months. I experienced no side-effects while using it. That said, long-term use could become detrimental, best discuss with your Dr."
"Honestly this medication was awful and the doctor who prescribed it failed to mention that it made it impossible to think. I think it&#039;s abusive to give this medication out for people who are not schizophrenic. It&#039;s just another way for people to take away autonomy and to force us autistic people into harmful therapies that deny us our humanity."
"I have had a very positive experience so far with my Mirena IUD."
"It helped tremendously with my depression but do not use if you&#039;re a woman.
It causes total numbness of the clitoris. My gynecologist told me to stop taking it."
"First, thank you for everyone who shared their experiences. It helped me make the decision to take this. I haven&#039;t felt this great in 10 years. I should have tried this 4 years ago. I sleep 100% better, I wake up feeling great. The two weeks I have been on this, I feel focused, alert and HAPPY. I take Vyvanse and at 2:00 I could feel the drop and want to sleep all afternoon. All that is gone. My Vyvanse works like it should, I get through the day happy and alert and the horrible doom and gloom is gone. Note the kids have noticed a HUGE difference in MOMMA and again I say thanks."
"Procedure at noon tomorrow. 1st bottle at 17:30. So far BMs at 19:42, 20:22, 20:30 20:34, 20:44 (ca. 1 cup ea. and not explosive); peeing more. This stuff smells like urinal cakes! Tastes like hairspray with long aftertaste. Using rinse-free body wash diluted in warm water to clean after each BM. Applying &quot;Un-petroleum Multi-purpose Jelly&quot; after each BM (no parabens/no petroleum) to assure no razor-blade wiping pain. I am not one to vomit but coming close. Don&#039;t chill it -intensifies taste &amp; body feels chilly/shakey &amp; increases gag reflex. Rinse container good for the H2O-only part! I didn&#039;t do it &amp; the urinal cake smell/taste penetrated the container even w/ only H2O. Next, time it&#039;s unflavored MgSO4 or Epsom Salts. Never again!"
"PLEASE don&rsquo;t be scared when taking this medicine. I know I was after reading all these reviews. But it does effect everyone differently. 

I had dinner about 2 hours previous to taking the medicine. After taking it I felt really hungry and had a bowl of popcorn. I had no side effects. No nausea, no cramps, no gas.. nothing. Hoping my boyfriend is just as lucky."
"Went off of Trazadone and Ambien for a new drug by Merck called Belsomra with a 10mg per night starting point. I had the ABSOLUTE worst experience taking this pill and slept maybe 2-3 hours instead of the normal 7-8 on the old combination of meds. Initially I was able to fall asleep for about 1.5 hours but then could not return to sleep consistently after this. I Felt absolutely horrible and for the short sleep I was able to muster I had one of the worst nightmares I could ever remember! I do NOT recommend this medication and instead will return back to the old combination of Ambien and Trazadone which now continues to give me consistent sleep WITHOUT the horrible nightmares. AVOID BELSOMRA at ALL COSTS!"
"One dose a day brought me immediately back to normal.  Previously I had been experiencing daily severe diarrhea post op for 6 months."
"Please note this is the only birth control pill I have taken. I started this pill due to periods that lasted two weeks out of the month and resulted in terrible migraines and anemia. Due to the fact that I started this pill at 15 years of age, I&#039;m not sure if it has impacted my mood. Though when I took a year break, my hormones were completely off balanced - which is what led to me to return to the pill. After a year of use, this pill made my periods non-existent. I was told not to worry about this since it&#039;s a normal thing for women on this pill to experience if they&#039;re in a lower weight range. I gained perhaps 5-15 lbs on this pill but that also could&#039;ve just been from growing (I&#039;ve been on it for years)."
"OMG worst ever. I stocked up using all of the $5.00 off coupons and what a waste of money. I realize this year is double dose of pollen but this medicine didn&#039;t help. Gave me bad headaches and listless and tired."
"I had the mirena put in four days ago, having it inserted was painful, like a heavy cramp that lasted for a minute. I bled I was already on my cycle. But so far so good. No problems so far."
"I have suffered from anxiety, muscle spasms, nightmares, tremors, restless legs and mood swings. I have taken 5 mg of Valium, sometimes 10mg on and off since an extremely stressful, nightmare of a divorce my ex dragged on for 3 years.  My attorney suggested Valium, and my regular Doctor had no trouble prescribing this.  30 tablets will often last 3 months - I&#039;ve had refills expire, as I only take as needed (since 1995).  This medication has been a life saver for me and when I had PMDD (when it was just BAD PMS-in the &#039;90&#039;s) I have taken Xanax in the past, and the forgetfulness was unbearable/couldn&#039;t drive, withdrawal was immediate and awful.  No problem with Valium!  My pain dr &amp; regular dr won&#039;t prescribe Valium  to anyone anymore-long half life? Ativan,buspar didn&#039;t help at all."
"I used to have incomplete bowel movements. Glycerin suppositories are gentle and safe. My doctor says they are safer than anything oral, perhaps with the exception of prunes or prune juice. "
"I chose this as a first attempt to lessen or eliminate my periods all together. So far I&#039;ve had it for about 2 months and only had spotting and slight cramping. I&#039;d love for it to go away completely but it&#039;s made my time of the month way more tolerable - especially considering that I used to be nearly paralyzed by cramps alone. 

As far as weight loss/gain, I haven&#039;t noticed much of a difference, but I do workout quite regularly.

When I first had it inserted, for about two weeks I was so irritable. I&#039;d walk around so mad for no reason quite a bit. However that seems to have subsided since my body has grown used to the progesterone. 

It&#039;s great because I don&#039;t have to take a pill or change a patch. So far  it&#039;s been a good experience."
"IT works! Gave it a 9/10 because while it gets rid of most acne, you can find a small pimple or two every once in a while. Most of the people complaining that it doesn&#039;t work have only been taking the product for a month or less, and for it to really work you need to give 3 months. It gives an initial &#039;acne-fighting&#039; power, then I broke out again, and then by the 3 month mark my face was perfect. Great medicine, highly recommended."
"I was prescribed Macrobid for a UTI. Within 12 hours of my first dose, I had extreme body and muscle pain from my ankles to my shoulders.  I am 100% aware that many people can take Macrobid and be fine, I&#039;m just relieved to read that some other people went through what I did for the simple fact that I thought I was dying! The morning after I started taking the meds, even my lungs felt bruised. I was too weak to hardly even walk. I returned to the doctor and totally thought they would hospitalize me. He wrote me a new script and sent me home. My mother and husband took turns taking care of me until I stopped vomiting and writhing in pain, which in total took days. I couldn&#039;t eat and even couldn&#039;t take care of my small children for two days."
"I received my Liver Transplant 4 years ago and started with 6 x 1mg caps/day. It has been reduced to 3 x 1mg tabs/day since then and I have had no episodes of rejection. Prograf seems to do the trick. Love it. I don&#039;t know if this is a side effect from taking prograf, but I have gained weight over the course of 4 years."
"I started Lutera mainly for birth control purposes. I have been on it  for about 4 months and I hate it. At first, I noticed I was acting slightly different, even my best friend mentioned it, but I thought it was just my body getting used to the pill and I would go back to normal soon. Since then, I feel as if I am not the same person anymore. I have become increasingly moody, emotional, snappy, needy, dependent, grumpy, and have no patience. I have begun to push my friends away and broken up with my boyfriend. I feel like I cannot enjoy small situations or even a little bit of stress. I made an appointment and plan to talk to my doctor tomorrow about getting an alternate pill or coming off of it altogether."
"I have been sick since the first night, extreme abdominal pain, nausea, spotting, dizziness and headaches. I haven&#039;t had any real mood changes save for being overly sensitive and crying at the drop of a hat. Terrible, find another brand."
"My husband and I are both on this medicine.  He takes 1000 mg morning and evening. I take the max at 850 mg each meal.  We have to keep a packet of desiccant in the bottle to absorb the horrible fishy smell.  We both have the side effect, even years later, of bloating, gas, and flatulence.  We call this pill our &quot;gas&quot; medication.  But it lowers our blood sugar with few other side effects.  If we&#039;re out, we take it on our return home if possible to prevent inflicting our flatulence on others."
"First week was hell, more anxiety and panic attacks. Had to leave work early one day for the anxiety, also left a family event early. But now... Starting second week and starting to feel like myself again! As long as things continue this way will be happy on this drug! Without the first weeks&#039; side effects would give it a 10."
"Psychiatric nurse decided to change antidepressant (trazodone).  Caused psychotic episode.  Hospitalized and psychiatrist decided not to put me back on antidepressant (Lexapro) that I was taking before trazodone.  Bad move.  They put me on gabapentin for several months.  Angry most of the time.  Irritable.  Unhappy.  Finally getting off gabapentin.  Didn&#039;t help mood (made it worse), didn&#039;t help anxiety (I had to take more Ativan).  The use of gabapentin was off label and a very bad idea.  "
"I had it inserted on September 5 2013. No problems, I had a period the following month for about 11 days and then after that I didn&#039;t have another until August 2014, it lasted almost 2 weeks but was really light. I have occasional spotting and cramping but the usually only lasts a day. Other than that I&#039;ve had no complaints except for about 30 pounds of weight gain."
"Holy crap. I feel like I just had an abortion. I don&#039;t normally write reviews on things but you need to know this is painful ! I&#039;m 24, sexually active, and apparently a really sensitive uterus considering everyone on here says it was like a &quot;pinch&quot;. I&#039;ve never had a pinch make curl up into so much pain before. After crying for an hour or two, curling into a ball with a heating pad for a half hour, and calling out of work...the pain subsided a little. Turned into just really bad period cramps. I had bleeding. Really couldn&#039;t tell what is my period and what is the skyla since you get it inserted during your period. 
I got it inserted two days ago, still having cramps. I&#039;m kinda nervous to have sex for the first time. I&#039;m just nervous."
"Was on depo for a year prior to switching to nexplanon in 2012. For the first 2 and half years there were no periods. The the last couple months of the 3 years however unpredictable periods started of varying durations of up to almost 3 weeks. Next insertion will probably be a few months before the 3 years to prevent the bleeding. New implant stopped the bleeding. No problems with weight gain or loosing weight on Nexplanon."
"I have been taking Seroquel 100mg 3 times daily for several months now and it has not helped me in the least bit. This drug has many negative side effects since being on it I have been feeling extra anxiety, impatient, sore and stiff muscles especially the neck, back, fingers, hand, calves. I have also been having a lot of gas, nightmares are horrible, feel really irritable and often have headaches and jaw pain. The list goes on and if you are feeling this way trust me you are not alone."
"I used to be on the generic for Paxil and it was horrible for me. Did not work one bit and took away ALL desire for sex with my significant other. I was &quot;flat emotioned&quot;. I stopped taking the generic for Paxil and eventually ended up on Celexa a few months later(20mg). It actually took away all my depression, but not quite all of my anxiety, and brought my sexual desire back 100 %. I wasn&#039;t even on it long enough to get the full benefit from it, so I bet it would have eventually helped my anxiety better too. For some dumb reason, I stopped taking it. Now I am severely depressed and anxious again and am ready too seek help and BEG for Celexa back."
"I just came off 112.5mg/day of Effexor which was absolutely HORRIBLE. My doctor has put me on 10mg of Brintellix. I have immediately begun feeling better mentally and emotionally for the first time in months, even while dealing with these withdrawal symptoms. I didn&#039;t have high hopes given my past experiences with antidepressants and honestly was about ready to give up on medication all together. I am experiencing some nausea which could be from withdrawing, the Brintellix, or most likely both. Seriously, for how bad I am feeling physically from the Effexor I am absolutely amazed that I can feel this positive mentally. I&#039;ll update when the physical symptoms subside."
"I used Mirena for 11 months for birth control. I am very sensitive so the insertion was painful (lots of cramping and spotting after).  I would then (for the first 3 months or so) get random, painful cramps. I also instantly gained 5 lbs and 10 lbs over this past year in total.  Apart from the hair thinning (which I am unsure was from the Mirena) I got really bad acne on my chin area and on my back. I was hoping that would change bc aside from that, I got no periods at all and it was very effective in preventing pregnancy. I just got mine out today and taking it out was a cinch.  I&#039;m hoping my body will regulate itself quickly."
"My Dr assurred me the best way to take the prep was mixed with either 7 up, Sprite or ginger ale INSTEAD of WATER.   No nausea.  I drank it thru a straw. After finishing the two 16 oz, it was about 30 mins till my first movement and then just water.  The next morning repeated prep, it was 10 mins later and I was on the toilet but only  for about 2  hrs. Then it was all over no residual effects. Best prep ever. Colon was clear and clean."
"I have crps I developed after 2 major shoulder and bicep surgeries in less then 3 months.  I am on fentanyl patches,  oxycodone, topamax, baclofen and cymbalta for pain.  I was taking ambien at night to sleep.  It was giving me 4 hours of restful peaceful sleep if i did not move.  ( Moving my shoulder causes severe pain). Dr. was concerned about the sleep walking caused by ambien.  She wanted me to try this I have had horrible nights, a terrible drugged feeling.  I am aware the world exists all hours of the night.   It is causing headaches in my front forehead area.  The headache hangs on till well after lunch most days.  I actually decided last night I would rather deal with my pain 24 hours a day with no relief then deal with the effects."
"I started using Spiriva a month ago. The breathing was easier but after one month of taking it every morning I started having chest pains starting about 10 minutes after the treatment and lasting for an hour or so. Then I began having crushing tightness in my chest. I have completely quit the Spiriva."
"ONE DAY OR DAY ONE: you decide. Yesterday I decided to get Chantix rx from doctor and started the pills. ONLY eleven years smoking, I&#039;m not even thirty and feel like shiz, I can&#039;t imagine how horrible I&#039;ll feel in 11 more--if I&#039;m still alive. Smoked the last cig in my pack a while ago, official quit day is Feb 13th--one month after my smoking co-worker (over 20 years, pack+/day) quit cold turkey. This is my Day One."
"I have been on the Propanolol for about 4 months and it has done miracles with my migraines.  I have only had one aura in that time.  The problem is that I have gained 20 pounds without making any changes to my diet or exercise routine.  I wish that the medicine didn&#039;t have the unwelcome weight gain side affect."
"The first time I used the Dosepro, I was leary.  Within 10 minutes I was not only relieved of my migraine, but it was the most clear headed I felt in forever.  The second dose I took, I was not near my medicine and I had a full blown migraine, so it wasn&#039;t as good but a very close second.  I love this.  Freedom to make plans and not have to worry about cancelling due to migraine. Yeah!"
"I have an extreme case of depression that very few experience, and I have had extreme depression for over 25 years with pain I cannot begin to describe. In the past, Nefazodone and Cymbalta rescued me and each worked for a decade or more, but they eventually pooped out.  None of the SSRIs and other drugs worked for me.  I switched from Cymbalta to this drug and within days this drug started working.  If you are one of the 10% of depressed people where only norepinephrine antidepressants work for your depressed (SNRIs, Tricyclics) then this is a good drug to try. It is too early to tell if this drug will work long term for me.  The side effects of this drug went away within a week for me."
"My vision is so bad that I could not read the warnings on the box.  I bought one bottle for home and one for work.  Big mistake.  1.  It does not ease any of my allergy symptoms which include cough, runny nose and runny eyes.  2.  It makes me feel stoned.  3.  I&#039;ve had pretty serious body aches since I started taking it.   Based on a few of the reviews here, I think it must be related.  

I am going to go cold turkey.  It can&#039;t be worse than this stuff.  Does ANYTHING work for allergies?  I will be moving to the desert soon.  Finger crossed!"
"I have been diagnosed over the years, in turn, as having (1) atypical anxiety; (2) PTSD; (3) bipolar 2; (4) MDD.   I have been on many drugs over the years and most recently, Zoloft (stopped due to severe insomnia); Cymbalta (stopped due to sexual side effects); Latuda (stopped due to insomnia) and most recently, Rexulti.  My mood and depression have greatly improved over the course of a week being on this drug, but the insomnia it engenders is very difficult.  I wake every 2 hours and have to really work, with relaxation tapes, to get back to sleep, or I occasionally take  .5 mg Klonopin. I have an extremely demanding work life and the lack of sleep is a big issue.  If it resolves, I will say I&#039;m very satisfied with this drug."
"I&#039;m in my 40s and have had this for 5 years and I absolutely love it. The insertion, while not painful, made me nauseous to the point where I almost passed out when I stood up. My doctor (a man) told me nothing about what to expect with insertion. You should take a motrin before the procedure. That being said, it&#039;s been effective and completely problem free.  I wish I&#039;d known about this years ago.  Only about 9% of women in the US use this method, whereas in Europe it&#039;s about 31% and in China 40%.  Doctors need to be telling their patients about this option. I didn&#039;t know about it! The pill absolutely killed my sex drive, as it did with my sister.  My sister&#039;s now gotten one and we&#039;ve both been very happy. Lasts 10+ years or until removal."
"Started taking 2 pills a day. Im 6&#039;4&quot; and only 110 pounds. Took this for 2 months and the only thing that happened was me falling asleep constantly during class. Hurt my grades and did absolutely nothing to my appetite,"
"I just had my Skyla inserted this morning, so I can&#039;t attest to the long-term effects yet, but I wanted to share the experience getting it. I freaked myself out reading horror stories, so I thought I should come back and provide some insights for others. Let me start by saying the whole thing took about 3 minutes - the painful parts were less than 1 minute combined. First, it&#039;s just like getting a pap. Then they have to measure how far in to put it - take a deep breath ladies, this is not fun, but over quickly. Then they put the Skyla in - also not fun, also over quickly. You&#039;ll have some major cramps for a few minutes, so I&#039;d suggest you stay lying down until you feel pretty normal again. All done! Now, Advil and a heating pad for ~3hrs."
"Due to financial burden with the office visit copays ,I had no alternative other than to receive the three weeks of Orthovics all in one day for both knees ,I&#039;m in escrutiating pain !,Has anyone experience the same when all administereD not only was it just one knee it was both !! How long does this pressure, stiffness last. Overall I can&#039;t feel any difference yet on my bone on bone pain .Hoping I can say later down the road that it has helped .I almost wanted to pass out I had received numbing med and spray as well it was brutal! !"
"Been not sleeping for over 10 months now. Usually over the years just a week at a time. This time up 3-4 times a night. About 4 hours of sleep. Started Restoril last night. Slept straight through. Yeay"
"Permanently damaged and disabled from 500mg x 2 levaquin. Check the black box warnings.  I was healthy young person.  Started experiencing side effects a few hours after administration.   Adverse reactions got worse. it&#039;s been almost 5 YEARS and have bodywide peripheral neuropathy, bodywide tendonosis, dry mouth eyes, nose, tinnitus, crepitus all over.  The drug is poison and destroys human as well as bacterial mtDNA.  Just google &quot;Fluoroquinolone toxicity.&quot;  There are safer alternatives for pneumonia.   Don&#039;t ruin your life with this garbage that the FDA has failed to remove from the market."
"I have only been taking for a few days and the nausea, diarrhea, and stomach upset are taking its toll on me.  My blood pressure is fine and I am hoping that these side effects will get better with time."
"My doctor looked in my ear and nose and saw that they were severe blocked, as well as infected with bacteria. He explained to me that I probably have drainage into the eustachian tube and that has got dirty. So he prescribed me 500mg Ceftin, as well as Allegra-D and Flonase, all to be taken for 15 days. I take Ceftin twice daily morning and night with food. I take Allegra-D and Flonase in the morning before I leave for work. I don&#039;t know how the Ceftin works, but I was still plugged up for a good 5 days until it felt like it may be finally kicked in. But is it? It could just be the regular Allegra-D and Flonase? But I guess if this Ceftin is good for many other stuff, it&#039;ll be good for all the other bacteria type stuff so I&#039;m happy."
"Helps with leg cramps and blood pressure."
"Confused most of the time."
"Our 88 year mother, a non smoker, was diagnosed in November 2014 after having been breathless for 3 months. Tests showed Tarceva should be prescribed. She had a chest drain in place for 4 months while her &#039;magic pill&#039; started working. Her side effects were a nasty red itchy rash on her face, broken skin on her finger tips, hair and on going weight loss. Numerous body scans, MRI and bone scans have shown no cancer anywhere else, just a vast reduction in size of the original tumor within the lining of her left lung."
"I found it to be very effective in the first 6 months of use. My period pain would start to subside within the first 15 minutes after taking it and it lasted for about 12 hours. Now it takes at least 1.50 hours for the pain to even start to subside and it only lasts for about 6 hours. It makes me so tired to the point where I have to take a nap and when I get up from my nap I feel extremely tired and &quot;out of sorts&quot;. This feeling usually lasts the rest of the day no matter if I take a nap at 11:00 AM or 4:00 PM. So I only take Ponstel now when it is absolutely necessary."
"Post open abdominal surgery for fibroids.  Sent home from hospital with this medicine one every 6 hours. In the hospital it was 2 every 6 hours but I don&#039;t think the MD wanted me strolling around too much as I did in the hospital with 2 tablets. 
 Even 1 was very good for pain but at 6 hours I knew it was time for the next dose. Very strong narcotic with expected side effects - be sure to use a stool softener ( your doctor will prescribe or no doubt recommend one), especially after any abdominal surgery."
"Diagnosed with having ADHD in my early 20&#039;s. Dr. wanted me to try out Strattera before a stimulant since I also have anxiety and he feared a med like Adderrall would make it worst. 

This is my second month on it and it does seem to be working. I am better able to concentrate and my head seems more &quot;clear&quot;. I&#039;m on 80mg. 

Stomach-aches and drowsiness started off horrible when I first began taking this med but these side effects are almost gone. Still get dry mouth which ranges from mild to &quot;it feels like I&#039;ve eaten cotton and sand&quot;.

Unless the side effects are too intense for you, I would at least give this med two months. Think it gets such a bad rep because people don&#039;t give it a chance."
"Went on Invokana last year.  Never lost weight but my readings were phenomenal. HbA1c went from 7.3 to 6.2.  I have to go off of it now because it has caused an extreme yeast infection I&#039;ve had since last November. "
"I have been on Aviane for about a month or so now and I have really been happy with its results. I have been through 4 other brands of pills and on those I became so mean my husband and I were literally on the verge of divorce. I finally found Aviane through my OB/Gyn and it has 100% changed my mood and behavior. I have not experienced any side effects and would recommend this birth control to anyone who has a problem with hormone imbalance causing significant problems in their life."
"Totally not as bad as expected! I am 18 years old and had to prep for a colonoscopy and an upper endoscopy. I took Suprep as the prep solution. The taste is not awesome, but if you add super cold water, use thick straws, and have fruit juice in between swallows, you&#039;ll do fine! I used the split dose - I took the first one at 6pm the night before my procedure (at 6:30am the next morning), and it took about 2 hours. The next dose (at 2:30am, way early!) took about an hour and a half. The anticipation was the worst part. DEFINITELY get Vaseline and baby wipes, these saved my life in those hours! All in all, there&#039;s no need to get worked up. No nausea, dizziness or headache. Pretty awesome!"
"I started drinking 4 years ago and before I knew it , it turned into a binge drinker. I started out with 30 pack of beer and a liter of hard alcohol that I drank straight. Well the beer made me sick So I switched to just drinking vodka straight and a chase of diet soda. When I drank , and I&#039;d binge for up to 5 days, I&#039;d not touch food. After 4 years of going from beer, vodka, tequila, 101 wild turkey and gin ( I&#039;d get the half gallon) to unknown amount of visits to the ER , and loosing control of bladder/ bowel function my hubby said this is it I&#039;m bringing you to the ER and my blood alcohol was .309 They gave me Librium and xanax saved me!! Im now on Antabuse, works wonders for me, going on a month now. Good luck "
"As a new Crohn&#039;s patient I had read a lot of horror stories about this disease and the medications used to control it - myself, I went on Azathioprine first but it stopped working gradually. Humira has honestly been a God send so far, I have my life back and no symptoms 99% of the time, I&#039;m so thankful! Only thing I&#039;m worried about now is if it stops working, but nothing has happened yet and I am past the danger zone apparently."
"My daughter had severe PMDD. She is 13. At first I was hesitant about putting my 13 yr old daughter on birth control because of the social stigma that she may be considered &quot;easy&quot; or sexually active because she is on Birth Control. Yet, she and I talked about it and she is a very level headed conservative girl who needed help and wanted to try. This medicine has been God send for her and her PMDD. He periods are lighter, not as lengthy and there is minimal pain associated with her periods now. Not to mention her mood and anxiety levels have both improved more than I can mention. This medicine has made her feel &quot;normal&quot; again!"
"Wonderful but expensive."
"I have had headaches for long as I can remember (25 yrs). When nothing works you just suffer. When you find something that works you have hope and not so afraid of the pain. Darvocet is the only thing that works for me."
"I put off having a colonoscopy because of the horror stories friends had told of the gallon of prep they had to drink and how horrible it was. MoviPrep was a small 32oz. bottle, the lemon flavor wasn&#039;t something I&#039;d want to drink on a regular basis, but it wasn&#039;t that bad. I did chill in fridge, shake before pouring into a plastic cup with top and straw. Immediately following each 8 oz. I chewed a fresh piece of Juicy Fruit gum until the next 8 oz.  Did the second 32 oz. of MoviPrep at 5 a.m. the day of my procedure. It was slightly harder to get down simply because I don&#039;t eat or drink anything until  later in the day. Procedure was a breeze."
"31 year old Female. I was on Zoloft for 4-5 years in college and then tapered off. After being off it for 5 years or so, my daily anxiety gradually started creeping back into my life until I reached a point last year where I would have horrible panic attacks everyday. I&#039;ve been on 75 MG a day for the past 7 months and I feel better than I have in years! It took a while to find the correct dosage for me, but once I have it&#039;s been amazing. Along with the Zoloft I also take 15 MG Buspar daily and Lorazepam as needed."
"I&#039;ve been using depo and I&#039;ve had two doses of it. The first three months went fine. And I went back for the second shot and I&#039;ve been bleeding non stop for 2 months. When will the bleeding ever end ???!?"
"My mother has been diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis for the past 12 years. She started out using Avonex and her symptoms got worse. The doctors discovered new lesions and my mother spells got more intense. She was finally put on Copaxone and has no regrets. She has no new lesions and Myelin sheath has been repairing. She has used Copaxone for 10 years, and would recommend it to anyone suffering with MS."
"This drug has been a life saver for me.  I had severe upper stomach pain before taking Cymbalta.
The pain was gone within two weeks."
"Its a really great medicine for migraines i been having them for over a year daily have tried several different medicines sum worked but the side effects was horrible tried naratriptan the first day migraine free for 2 days  and every other time migraine free for a day. great medicine ill most definitely say its worth a try for bad migraines."
"All day I have had runny nose, itchy watery eyes, sneezing, throat closing. I finally could not take it anymore I did some research online to determine the best OTC medication to use, Zyrtec stood out the most. I figured that it must be pretty strong due to the fact that at one time you needed a script to get it. I took my first tab at 3:00pm its now 3:18. I am starting to feel the effects of Zyrtec I have not sneezed as of yet my watery nose and eye&#039;s are starting to clear up. I&#039;m beginning to breathe easier."
"Took Losartan 50 mg for three days. I&#039;m experiencing insomnia, diarrhea and stomach pain. I have heart palpitations, my face is flushed, I&#039;m tremendously thirsty, and I feel &quot;out of it.&quot; Plus, my blood pressure actually went up! Talked to my sister, who is sensitive to medications, too, and found out she&#039;s been on this drug for several years. Guess what? She&#039;s been experiencing some of the same &quot;mysterious&quot; symptoms, but her doctors haven&#039;t put two and two together. I&#039;m discontinuing immediately."
"Had a condom mishap with my boyfriend, it popped and I took this pill probably almost 20 hours later I fell asleep, woke up and I had my period. So I probably would have been fine without it but I&#039;m so glad I took it. I know they work from friend experience. Don&#039;t stress like I did,"
"I received 60mg of norflex inter-muscular injection due to a pulled muscle in my shoulder blade around 3pm. About half an hour of receiving the shot I was very sleepy after getting home and slept for 6 hours, when I woke I had hives all over my body and went to the ER, where they gave me IV Benadryl and IV Pepcid ( some kind of steroid ) the rash dimmed a little so they sent me home with prescribed Epi pens, Benadryl, and a steroid.  Got home around midnight and went to sleep after taking my meds, when I woke the next morning I was covered in hives again but twice as many, so I went back to the ER when they told me this could last up to 5 days. I&#039;m on day 3 now my entire body feels all bruised with itchy hives. I&#039;m not allergic to anything."
"I&#039;ve been using Nadolol (40 mg) daily now for over 3 years.  I had suffered from daily migraines for about 2 years and had tried everything.  The neurologists at Johns Hopkins prescribed this regime.  I seldom have anything close to a migraine now and my blood pressure is a consistent 120/80.  It has worked for me."
"I was put on Lo Ovral at 13 for abnormal bleeding, basically 6 weeks, non-stop.  I stayed on it until I was 28 years old with no problems. Previously, as most young girls I was very moody and had a lot of struggles. On Lo Ovral I did have one hard day a month, prior to getting my period but otherwise it was great. I never noticed any weight changes, had no spotting, acne symptoms, cramping, or heavy bleeding. I have two children now, and had them without any difficulty relating to taking this birth control for so long.  Problem is now that I am older, 33, it no longer works for me, I spot during the month.  I am truly struggling to find a good replacement birth control. It may not work as good for everyone, but I wouldn&#039;t be afraid to try it!"
"Been on this pill for years. The only occasional problem I experience is breakthrough bleeding but it&#039;s usually very light and goes away quickly. I had some headaches initially when I first started taking it but they went away after the first month of being on the pill. It did eliminate my sex drive almost completely which I loved but I can see why many people wouldn&#039;t like that side effect."
"I have back pain every day of my life.  My doctor prescribed Ultram.  I took it for a few weeks and the pain never subsided at all.  This drug is as useful as screen windows in a submarine.
And. . .After I stopped taking it I had bad withdrawals!!  Do not take this drug!!!!!"
"My OB/GYN placed me on this pill because I was at risk for a stroke while being on estrogen birth controls. I have been taking this medication for 2 months with no side effects: migraines have stopped, no acne, no mood swings, no weight gain, no spotting, and sex drive is still intact. The first month of taking this pill my period was extremely light (almost nonexistant) and lasted only two days. This month I didn&#039;t have a period and took a pregnancy test, it was negative. I read reviews that this is normal while taking this pill... Not sure if I like this factor? All in all, i&#039;m pretty pleased with this birth control. Please note that this is a progestin only pill and it is important to take at it at the same time daily."
"My doctor scheduled me to get Mirena today and wanted to read the reviews I&#039;ve used Norplant way back in 1993-1998. Hated it so nothing in my arms and no depo. Pill I tried wasn&#039;t working for what I needed. Since I smoke I can&#039;t use many pills. Hoping it works out for me. I&#039;ll update after its in."
"My blood sugar levels have definitely come down, from the 250-350 range to the 90-150 range. This med works great for that. However, 5 weeks in and I&#039;m still having side effects that can be hard to deal. The nausea has lessened, the burping is less but I still get stomach cramps the first day or two after an injection. I&#039;m also getting muscle weakness, muscle pain, extreme fatigue, joint pain, I&#039;m off-balance, cant concentrate, jittery, woozy and my peripheral neuropathy seems worse.  I definitely eat less. I might be hypersensitive and every little ache and pain gets blamed on the Trulicity, but since I started it I just don&#039;t feel good. I&#039;m not sure if the side effects are worth the good numbers, but Im hanging in there hoping to adjust!"
"After only two doses I experienced nausea, dizziness, stomach cramps, and muscle and joint pains.  I couldn&#039;t finish the Cipro I was prescribed."
"Clonidine for high blood pressure works great but causes severe constipation.My doctor did not help.I tried this last night and it was a lifesaver. I had been in so much pain that I was considering an er visit."
"Actually came out of hospital, because I have been suffering from long term insomnia and was prescribed Belsomra 15mg as a &#039;last resort&#039; option. In my experiences I have already tried Temazepam, Valpam, Valium, Imovane, Seroquel (quetiapine) etc. All those drugs eventually just building up my tolerance each time and I become dependent on them to sleep. 

I however did try the antidepressant Valdoxan 25mg (Agomelatine). THIS REALLY HELPED ME FOR  MONTH. My body really built up tolerance to it and eventually I needed 50mg and then it just stopped working for me after 5 months, but I can assure you it reallllllly helped my insomnia for that short 5 months. *Will CONTINUE IN ANOTHER POST*"
"Taken for years battling anxiety, quite helpful if taken at onset of attack;  bottom line-exercise for me is better!"
"I&#039;m 16. I was prescribed 36mg Comcentra  I took it at 8:30pm (was suppose to take it in morning) it worksd it helped me focus but 3 hours into it I started feeling anxiety and later I had a crash. Couldn&#039;t sleep stayed up the whole entire night. I also has many other side effects like lack of appitite and heavy breathing might be to large of a dose but overall without the crazy side effects it helped me get stuff done and concentrate"
"I have suffered from migraines since I was 16 and been put on several different medications. Right now I have been taking Topamax for over 4 yrs. and it has gotten to where it isn&#039;t working anymore. So my doctor gave me Imitrex injections. And they work wonders in getting rid of my headaches but the pain in my chest like something is reaching inside my chest and squeezing the life out of me and the heaviness and tingling sensations lasts for about 15-20 mins. "
"I am sad I cannot rate this a ZERO. As I am lying here in bed with my nether regions ON FIRE, I decided to look up if anyone else had the same reactions or if I was deathly allergic to this. Not that I am glad that this is happening to anyone, but at least I know I am not alone. Its like hell sprouted in my vagina. I put it in just before bed, go to sleep, only to be woken up an hour and a half later by the most intense itching and burning a person will ever experience. A person could have shingles, the chicken pox and fall into a giant vat of poison ivy and still not experience what is happening down below. If you are reading this to determine if this is the right product for you, its not. if you&#039;ve already used it, I am sorry."
"I have just started Levofloxacin for prostatitis that I&#039;ve been battling for 4 months. I&#039;ve tried Doxy and Cipro with no luck. I&#039;m day two into Levofloxacin and I&#039;m experiencing pretty back anxiety. Has anybody else experienced anxiety on this medication? Should I stop taking it or try and push through it??

Thank you"
"I take my 30 in the morning with a light breakfast n I&#039;ll be set for most of the day. It seems pretty Alright to me.!"
"I&#039;ve tried about 15 to 20 different antidepressants in the last 21 years. Nothing has really helped, or it would help for awhile then stop working. Cymbalta is only the second medication that is not only a SSRI but works with the dopamine in your body,  that I&#039;ve tried. First was Pristiq and that affected me so badly I wouldn&#039;t shower for a week. I didn&#039;t want to do anything.  Now with the Cymbalta I&#039;m more energetic and less hungry and feel much better! So far it&#039;s working out wonderfully."
"I am 19 year old active kid that exercises 4-6 times a week and suddenly after years of working out some migraines began in the gym that didn&#039;t go away for 3 months. All day everyday, constant migraines. I had to stop working out, got fat and lost all my gains. I started 25 mg topamax at the same time with chiropractic care  (found in neck x-ray abnormal lordotic curve) and started treatment every week. A week later of both of these combined, the migraines are finally gone! but my head still throbs except with no pain.. I am just happy I can finally exercise again, and stop hating life. (Got CT Scan and MRI of head before X-ray of neck, was clear {checked neck because it got stiffer a month into migraines} ) NO SIDE EFFECTS! :-)"
"While I&#039;m confident Flagyl is working I have suffered some severe side effects, one of which is unlisted. I believe it is working because my abdominal pain has significantly decreased since being diagnosed with diverticulitis about 1 week ago.  I am also taking Cipro. The reported side effect of having a metallic taste is very understated! Not only do I have an AWFUL paint/chemical taste constantly in my mouth, but my sense of smell is on overdrive! This has contributed significantly to my loss of appetite, nausea, and in many cases my inability to function. I threw away my sheets because I couldn&#039;t sleep; I carry around room deodorizer with me because whenever I walk into a room I gag due to the smells - that are only overwhelming to me."
"This is a miracle! I&#039;ve had migraines since I was 6, diagnosed with chronic daily migraines when I was 14 and have not been able to find a reprieve from the pain. On a scale of 1 to 10 my pain is usually around a 4 on a good day and a 8 or 9 on a bad one. On a bad day I take a dose of Cambia and an Imitrex subcutaneous injection and it completely knocks out my migraine! In all my years of having migraines I never thought that was possible. Even when I don&#039;t take the injection the Cambia alone brings a level 8 migraine down to a 3 which is manageable."
"Works wonders and helps with my little social-phobia and it also helps for my depression (with Zoloft)."
"I found that my trip was overruled by the dizziness, vertigo, insomnia, lack of appetite, and general feeling of unwellness this medication caused.  I quit taking it on day 5, in order to be fully aware of myself and surroundings for the remainder of my trip."
"Love this! I have been on this pill for years now and it is amazing. I use to have heavy bleeding and horrible cramps and this pill has stopped it for me. Due to being anemic and having endometriosis I am set to have my period every 6 months and I never spot in between. This pill is definitely for people who&#039;s body can handle going long terms with out a menstrual period. And you have to follow directions, taking the pill the same exact time every day and never missing a pill. Its the only way it will work properly"
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for 3 years now and I couldn&#039;t be happier. I always start my period on a Tues or Wed and only last till Sunday and very light. It is also very inexpensive. I pay $4/month for a pack. When I first started the only side effect I had was a little bit of weight gain (3-4lbs). It definitely helped clear up my skin but I do get the occasional zit here and there. I still have a little bit of cramping before my period but doctor says that is normal and no pill can really prevent that. Just the natural part of the body. I haven&#039;t had any changes with side effects over the years and it has definitely done its job of preventing pregnancy. I would highly recommend it to others!"
"Okay so I&#039;m 23 and I&#039;ve never had a YI until thus past week. I purchased monistat 3. The 1st night was like hell. I had intense burning n itching. I called my mom n she said it&#039;s nothing to worry about and that she had similar experiences. So I suffered thru it n fell asleep. 2nd night I didn&#039;t experience burning like the 1st night but it did itch like crazy. I&#039;m on my 3rd right now n I have a very mild itch. I&#039;m praying this works. I knew YI were no fun but I didn&#039;t expect it to be a living hell. I will be back to say if it cured or not."
"This product does not work very well at all in low dose. I took it the first night and got some sleep. After that, no effect. I don&#039;t wake up in the middle of the night, I just can&#039;t go to bed and go to sleep unless I am up most early am hours."
"Been on 8mg of Rapaflo for five days. Diagnosed with moderate Benign Prostate Hyperplasia but a PSA score of 0.8. So we don&#039;t assume cancer. Rapaflo has worked well for me, increased flow, more complete emptying and a full night of sleep. Side effects were dry orgasm but no loss of sexual desire or capability and a stuffy nose/sinus-type headache easily managed with a routine OTC sinus medicine."
"Why on earth would Brlinita be approved for heart patients when shortness of breathe is a side affect. A pretty sick joke. I was not amused and told the doctor I would not continue taking it, regardless what the drug rep said of the side affect potentially leaving in a few days."
"I inserted this around 12AM last night. It&#039;s now 5:55AM &amp; I&#039;ve been up since 4:48AM.  My vag is on fire and this pain is too much. I&#039;ve been back and forth to the bathroom, putting the cream and coconut oil down there. Why does it burn so badly? The pain from the Monistat is worse than the actual yeast infection itself. I just need some rest, God. I have class in about 2 more hours, but if this doesn&#039;t clear up... I&#039;m taking an absence."
"I use to get bladder infections all the time but this time was BY FAR the worst I&#039;ve ever experienced. I managed to get myself into a walk-in and they prescribed me macrobid. The first pill I took -- along with cranberry juice, made me feel 80% better. By the third day taking macrobid, I felt 100% better. Definitely take it with a meal though, I took it with something small because I was in a rush and I felt very weak and nauseous."
"I&#039;ve been on Microgestin for about 6 months and it&#039;s worked very well for me. Light periods, no problems with acne, no cramps, not even mood swings nor drastic change in libido. Highly recommended."
"I&#039;m on the 2nd week of my 2nd pack and so far I see little to no change in my acne, it&#039;s made me get minor menstrual cramps at times not even close to my period, but lightened up my period alot! I have some pretty intense mood swings, and a bit of nausea, probably going to switch since this isn&#039;t helping me and making me grumpy and depressed 24/7"
"I am now on Day 20 of 20mg Citalopram.  I am now feeling a little better.  Still anxious at times although most of the side effects are slowly disappearing.  Still quite low mood at times and a agoraphobic unfortunately.  I visited my GP today and we have agreed that I should carry on for another four weeks.  He now says that 7 - 8 weeks is the norm for the medication to totally kick in yet he said 1 - 3 in the beginning!  I will keep taking the medication.  I have found taking the pill at night has helped me.  Also reading the reviews here have given me some hope."
"I&#039;ve been on Arimidex for 4 years.  Side effects are insomnia, joint pain, painful sex or no interest in sex, forgetfulness, anxiety and depression.  One year to go and hopefully I will not have to take it.  Maybe still on it because of a family history of breast cancer."
"I&#039;ve been on Lamictal for three years for Bipolar disorder and Epilepsy, at first as a mood stabilizer and then as an anticonvulsant/mood stabilizer.  It&#039;s been excellent at treating the bipolar issues, virtually eradicating the mood episodes (with the exception of a couple of days of minor hypomania here and there) and helping a little bit with the coexisting anxiety issues.   However, it hasn&#039;t been any good at controlling my seizures, although it&#039;s made them a lot less severe than they were before I went on higher doses of Lamictal.  I haven&#039;t had any major side effects, or any at all outside of an increased sensitivity to rashes."
"I just reached day 28. I have insomnia and the occasional stomach ache.  I do have the occasional &quot;vivid dream&quot; but not too much out of the ordinary. I was a pack  a day smoker for about 10 years. Since the end of week one I have had maybe 4 cigarettes. By day seven I was down to 4 a day. This worked great for me and I plan on taking it till month three then I&#039;m going to go it on my own."
"Latuda has changed my life.  I&#039;ve been treated with everything under the sun since I was 20 years old.  Within days of taking the Latuda I felt like a normal person.  I don&#039;t know if I EVER felt so genuinely happy, light-hearted, motivated to make life changes.  It&#039;s like a miracle.  I don&#039;t experience any side effects.  I don&#039;t feel tremendously hungry either, as I have with other anti psychotics.  I only hope it continues to keep my bipolar at bay.

"
"I&#039;ve never been on any form of birth control before, and my doctor recommended minastrin 24 fe as a starting basis. I was a Sunday starter (which I found helpful, I always never know which day of the week it is), and for the first three days it was fine. But then, my period lasted for two weeks (tmi part: ultra heavy, and I&#039;m usually a regular tampon kind of person), I got HORRIBLE mood swings, I felt depressed, and just always so angry. I had the worst cramps, and I usually don&#039;t get cramps during my periods. I don&#039;t recommend this brand, but that&#039;s my personal experience and ice read other similar comments."
"Horizant has given me back my sleep!  I take one 600mg tablet at dinnertime and am able to rest without the crazy leg and arm movements that I&#039;ve suffered throughout the night with for years.  I wake up feeling fine and not groggy or tired.  Thanks Doc!"
"I have had back surgery on my L5S1 and am still in severe pain in my lower spine and permanent nerve pain. Norco worked short term for me. They took me off hydrocodone 10/650 because of acetaminophen in it. The Norco is 325 but the Norco did not last as long and did not seem to take away pain as well. I have switched back to hydrocodone 10/650"
"I deal with diverticulitis every 9 to 12 months. CT over the past 15 years keep showing mild diverticulitis as they call it but when it hits it feels nothing like mild! Nasty lower left abdominal pain . Sometimes I get a fever. Now my dr. Just put me on antibiotics as soon as I get symptoms because I always go into the fever eventually . Yes going on this for  7 to 10 days can give you diarrhea.  I found quite a while ago since probiotic yogurt came out as long as I eat lots of that I rarely get diarrhea now. And since you should be on  liquid and very soft food diet anyway just switch yourself and eat nothing but probiotic yogurt and soups while you&#039;re taking this stuff.  always take it with a meal too. And no alcohol!"
"I was on this for a little over a year, as a birth control it worked, however I would get 2-3 week long periods that were awful! Or I would be on my period for about a week it would stop 4 days then start again. My acne didn&#039;t get any worse but I did randomly get depressed, especially for about the first 3 months mood swings like crazy. I&#039;m sure it works great for some people I was just not on of them."
"This is my first night using monistat 7. I can tell you that the itching was so irritating...almost unbearable. But, after about 15 or so minutes, it subsided. I do still have itching, but it&#039;s much better. I&#039;m hoping it gets better and everything gets back to normal down there"
"I wouldnt recommend nexplanon to anyone unless you want to gain weight. I bleed every other week for about 6 months but then it stopped and i didnt have a cylce for the next 2 in a half years. Never got pregnant which was the best part about this birth control! But my mood swings were horrible and i gained 30 pounds in a 3 yr period. I always worked out and ate a good diet but the weight would not get off of me. I finally got it removed and ive lost the entire 30 pounds i lost."
"I have rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, degenerative disc disease, spinal stenosis, foraminal stenosis, bulging discs, nerve damage in both hands, both knees &quot;going out&quot; and bursitis in both hips and I&#039;m only 28 years old. I have been on Lortabs 10/500 and Oxycodone 20mg for years, but they never lasted long enough for my chronic pain. So my doctor tried me on MS Contin 100mg 2 x daily and then Lortab 10/325 for breakthrough pain. WOW, what a difference that was, my pain was more under controlled and I was getting more sleep and was able to do some of the things I used to enjoy."
"I have been on Chantix now for 2 weeks.  I smoked a pack a day for 40 years without ever quitting.  I stopped smoking July 26 and have been smoke free now for 7 days.  I&#039;m thrilled that I&#039;m able to stop.  It&#039;s difficult, but the side effects are worth going through for a while; having an oxygen tank and cancer would be worse.  I&#039;m having nausea, weird dreams, depression, little energy, dry mouth, headaches.  Go with the flow; the symptoms will pass eventually.  What&#039;s good, my hair and clothes don&#039;t smell, I have more time on my hands to live life more fully without a monkey on my back that is a killer."
"My #1 prayer is that someone will read this BEFORE they put this poison in their body referred to as Mirena. I had the IUD put in after my Implanon was removed (btw, Implanon was incredible, for me. But my OB insisted I got Mirena). I had it in for about 5 years, yes my periods were light but sex sucked; it was painful during and after, I was never &quot;in the mood&quot;. I gained about 50 pounds, grew depressed obviously. Usually athletic and excited to work out, I became super tired and lazy all of the time. It took a toll on my relationship, I don&#039;t even see why he stayed with me (but he&#039;s amazing )! About a month ago I got the IUD removed. It was a short, sweet procedure and I instantly felt better (just knowing it was out of me gave me so much satisfaction). I was on a light period when it was removed and it eventually ended as normal.... one month later I started my period again (normal). But I have been bleeding since, it&#039;s been about 3.5-4 weeks. And if I&#039;m not &quot;bleeding&quot; I have brown discharge (looks like dried up blood). I feel crummy and I long for normalness! I felt as if I have taken 5 steps forward, getting it removed, just to take ten steps back! Don&#039;t do it! At this point I wouldn&#039;t advise bc at all but obviously people use it for other reasons besides getting pregnant. Nevertheless, the hormonal imbalance and emotional toll is not worth it! I pray after all of this I can even conceive another child. I don&#039;t know this for a fact: but I feel like there&#039;s got to be some kind of extra financial gain for OBs when they insert Mirena. Do what is best for you and don&#039;t be afraid to say no, or ask every question you need to... I wish I would&#039;ve. Best wishes, ladies!"
"Have had psoriasis for 42 years, legs, arms, trunk. Afraid to take biologics because of side effects. Started Otezla and started clearing patches up on arms and trunk after 6 weeks, had light headaches and loose stools for couple weeks but subsided. I&#039;ve been on it for 15 months and it&#039;s not clearing up any more if my skin. It seems stalled after starting out so well. I thought it was finally the miracle for psoriasis, but doesn&#039;t seem to be. The maker of Otezla actually pays for mine 100% and I have insurance that would not cover it at first but they will now."
"I&#039;ve always been on the pill when I had my eldest then I went on the depo after I had my youngest who is 3 years old, I came off it September 2014 to try for another baby and had my period January 2015 and conceived my son (my last baby) in March 2015 and then I was put on the mini pill. When I had him and I was bleeding everyday that I&#039;ve been on the pill so I decided to finish it and wanted to go back on the depo.  I&#039;ve had the depo 2 weeks now and I&#039;ve only bled twice since been on it so its not an issue, it all varies with different people and not everyone has bleeding but for me its perfectly fine."
"I&#039;m a 19 year old female and my skin was perfect until I turned about 17. Then it still wasn&#039;t too bad, a couple of pimples every now and then. It started to get worse over the last couple of months, mild acne, so I was prescribed doxycycline 50mg once daily. I have been on it for three weeks now and my skin is worse than it has ever been. My face is covered in huge red sore bumps and I have scarring everywhere. I wake up with at least three new pimples a day. I am about to give up on this stuff because it has made my skin 10 times worse than it ever was. I have heard it gets worse before it gets better but I&#039;ve read it usually only takes 2-3 weeks to see improvement but it doesn&#039;t look like it will be getting better anytime soon."
"Just want to start by stating my skin type..I get bad breakouts &amp; that&#039;s  why I am on Duac. I&#039;d say I have &quot;normal&quot;skin as it doesn&#039;t tend to be dry or oily. I would describe my acne as not extremely severe, it can flare up pretty bad &amp; when it&#039;s at it&#039;s worst, it can sometimes actually hurt *To the point* I&#039;m on this product a few months now.  After about a month or so I THOUGHT it was working, but my breakouts are still happening just as bad, it does not prevent them at all!! Now, I&#039;ve a bad breakout for the past week &amp; a half and it hasn&#039;t helped all that much. I use Duac at night time because I find that&#039;s what suits me best..I have a strict night time routine..I cleanse, moisturise and then apply my Duac. It flakes so bad!! Will be discontinuing."
"this medicine saves my life when I&#039;m having a panic attack. wish I could take this every day but it&#039;s addictive and I&#039;m told to only take as needed. I also have IBS and this makes everything go away. when I take this I never have IBS I can eat whatever I want no worries and sleep amazing!! I&#039;m starting Paxil as my every day and this just as needed so we will see how that goes. lorazepam saved my life though"
"My daughter was prescribed Clozaril as a last resort because I refused to allow her to be admitted to a state hospital. Every other med combination had been tried for 5 years during which she was constantly psychotic, in and out of the hospital. That was nearly 3 years ago and she improves in  tiny increments every day. We have learned a great deal during this 8 years: that most psychiatrists don&#039;t understand how to treat mental illness because most they don&#039;t believe in neurotransmission disorders. They really think &quot;behavioral health&quot; is about poor choices caused by emotional trauma. Clozaril is the only effective med and it is used as a last resort in the USA. The shame is that it is a front line &quot;gold standard&quot; med in Great Britain."
"I&#039;ve had stints of anxiety and depression throughout my life. It got much worse when I got to college. It took me two years until my family and friends wanted me to seek help. My doctor put me on 10mg of Celexa a day and I felt it the first day! Felt so much better and more productive. I&#039;m back to my normal self and not scared/sad to experience the things I used to enjoy."
"This medicine &quot;helps&quot;...it is not a cure-all. My biggest side effect is I CAN&#039;T SLEEP...Thankfully this passes after a few weeks. Overall, I have found this medicine to be helpful."
"This worked well as I did not get pregnant.  However,  I got my period every 2 to 3 weeks and it would last for about 2 weeks.  Also,  Pre-Implanon I was about 120, by the time I took it out (3years) I was up to 155.  I took it out and the weight just fell off."
"After trying every type of insomnia medicine, this is the only medication that has worked for me. I don&#039;t notice any side effects. It isn&#039;t perfect. I still have sleepless nights sometimes; but those are nothing compared to the insomnia I was dealing with before."
"I had this in the hospital after a hysterectomy when I was vomiting from the anesthesia for 3 days afterward. It did absolutely nothing to stop my nausea. I was given it repeatedly even though I told them it was completely ineffective. I had both shots and pills."
"I have been on Risnia/Risperdal for a few years now. Currently on a dosage of 2mg of the generic Risnia. As an answer to Bipolar Disorder with psychotic features this drug works wonders and I have been without relapse for 3 years now. My biggest frustration however is the weight gain. I have put on 8 kg during this time and I eat like a bird. I have tried a number of diets and exercise 3-4 times per week.  My psychiatrist mentioned slightly decreasing the dosage every second day and see if that helps. I will try this as soon as I get a new script with 1mg pills. Can anyone recommend a good alternative?"
"Did not cause lack of sexual interest (gave it back to me) and I felt better from day one."
"I&#039;m going to give this a 6 on the review scale. This is because I am only on my third day. So far I have had a CRAZY HIGH sex drive. I have had a couple of pimples pop up but not as bad as the reviews I&#039;ve seen. There&#039;s also been some minor cramping but I just got off of my period before starting so that could be it. I will do another review after a month of being on this pill. But so far so good"
"I started taken one 25mg topiramate two days ago, Wednesday June 28th, with one 37.5 mg of phentermine tablet, 1/x daily.  June 28th Starting weight 225.1 on Friday June 30th, which was 2 days later, I&#039;m 217lbs I&#039;ve dropped 8.1 lbs in 2 day. OMG! I&#039;m praying this continues to work out for me because I need/want to lose 58+lbs. I&#039;ve really struggled with my weight for the past 7 years, On and off different diets, going to gym, personal trainer etc... my doctor wants my body to stay in ketosis. I know I can do this!"
"I have been on sertraline for 4 weeks and a day, my dr started me on 50mg, then after 3 weeks and 3 days she upped my dosage to 100mg, I have felt the side effects so I know this medication is doing something, however, I don&#039;t feel any better for taking it, I thought by now it would kick in.."
"Took one 50mg tablet as directed and I have never felt so iIl. Had to get down on the floor, could not lift my head off the floor, felt like I was going to pass out and felt nauseous.  Had diarrhoea; pins and needles in hands; hot flushes - the most unpleasant side effects. Could only lay in bed and even then the room was spinning. Took 24 hours to feel normal again."
"previously on pills and they were driving me mad and not working (severe headaches and cramps) so I decided to try the coil, afterall if it doesnt work I can get it removed. The first week was fine, I did end up with severe cramps but my doctor booked me in for a scan and checked it was fine which it was and we just put the cramps down to my body adjusting to the coil.

I had very light periods for around two/three months and then my periods completely stopped and have done ever since. i still have very mild cramps but nothing like what i had on the pill, I&#039;m really happy with the mirena and would recommend but you need to be aware its not for everyone but worth a try!!!"
"I have been on this medicine for three days for treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness that is not helped by proper use of CPAP. Previously I have struggled to stay awake at work and I am very happy to report that this medication has helped me to stay awake quite nicely with no trouble falling asleep at night. I am currently taking the 100 mg dose."
"I was prescribed with epiduo 1.5 weeks ago and at first it was already getting significantly better but then about a week ago, I started to get sunburned and flakiness on my face. My acne has also gotten worse. So I am currently hoping that in about a week it will start to get better"
"Was doing pretty well on Trileptal but was not happy with weight gain from AAPs. Greedily decided to ask my Dr to switch me from Trileptal to Topamax in hopes of some weight loss. There was none. I&#039;m thinking this may be one of those meds that just doesn&#039;t work with me genetically. Was taking 50mg twice a day, and it was not doing a thing for my weight or moods.  It was scary. The anger, irritability, crying, brain fog. I was scared of ending up in the psych ward, so I went back to my Trileptal and left the Topamax behind. Quit it cold turkey after getting back to my regular Trileptal dose. Mentally and emotionally, I&#039;m already feeling better, however, I am having some terrible muscle aches and nausea from quitting the Topamax."
"I was prescribed effexor on Monday and I have had the worst experience with it.  Its now Saturday and I can&#039;t sleep for more than like 2 hours at a time I can&#039;t eat and I feel so foggy worst experience ever"
"Been on Ambien for 10 years and it is not as effective any longer. Dr prescribed Trazodone. I took 100 mg and nothing. I took 150mg and again nothing. The third night I took 200 and it made me feel drugged. I also had a very dry mouth and nose stuffy. Waves of nausea and hot body temp all night. I did not sleep but felt out of it all night. Next day I am still foggy and no motivation. Will not take this again."
"This birth control has no copay under my insurance and it works great for my needs."
"I was on the 4 mg for 8 days when I had started experiencing shortness of breath and hives on both sides of my neck. The medication itself worked but I apparently was allergic to an ingredient."
"As an antacid,  I allow one caplet 311mg. caplet to slowly dissolve in my mouth before bedtime.  Although the use instructions say to chew up to 4 caplets for use as an antacid, by allowing a single caplet to slowly dissolve, less MoM is needed and it seems to work better.  Its also better for me than liquid because the dose is more accurately controlled and when the caplet is allowed to slowly dissolve."
"I wrote a review as R2lls on March 13, 2017. This is an update! 

I couldn&#039;t be happier with my choice. Within the first 30 day of insertion. I only had 2 days of random spotting. I Had my first regular cycle mid April. It was like clockwork. Regular cramps and no horrible side effects. It is now month 2 for me. I literally just finished my cycle, it was 4 days with a light flow. So my cycle was definitely shorter and lighter than normal with kyleena. The worst experience I&#039;ve had is a random cramp that felt like someone had stabbed me in the butt. I couldn&#039;t walk comfortably but as soon as I got some ibuprofen I was fine. Aside from that I have had no issues. Honestly kyleena was a great choice for me."
"Worst experience I&#039;ve had with a drug.  Nausea, loss of appetite, unable to work....culminated in a visit to the emergency room today."
"I have had chronic sinusitis for the better part of 10 years now off and on. It really gets bad as spring changes over to summer as well as summer over to fall. I have taken several different antibiotics over the years and the sinusitis keeps coming back stronger the next year. So I just started the 7 day ZPak yesterday for the first time and just took the second days dosage. Much like most of the other reviews on this site, I am experiencing some minor diarrhea as well as flatulence. Which, in my opinion, can be a deadly combination for a new pair of white boxer briefs!  

I have not noticed any other side effect as of yet but again I am only on the second day. I will tell you that I am feeling much livelier right now and gained motivation"
"Best birth control!!!!!!!No problems, no period for over 4 years now...No complaints. Never been pregnant!!Hooray!"
"Have chronic Lyme disease - causing depressed immune function. Ceftin eliminated my urinary tract infection in one week without any side reactions.  Felt better after first dose.  Love this medication!"
"As of today it has been 260 days since I began Invokana 100mg and d/c 5 insulin shots a day! 
For the most part I have done exceptionally well with this med. I tried another brands. It was a nightmare. My endocrinologist appeals every few months to get insurance to pay. The difference is a complete turn around from my first diagnosis in in October 2016 on Halloween- no treat and vile trick. I actually started to feel like a real person again. Invokana is my Holy Grail. I can even cheat and still keep A1C at 5. The past few months I have been freaking out since I noticed I was losing my hair. Would I do it all over again? Yes. The hair loss is most concerning. I fear it will not cease. I do not want to go back to 5 shots a day."
"Only pain med that has worked consistantly for a long period of time but you must be careful. If being outside in sun it must be covered to prevent over dose because heat will increase output.
Worked best for me with a low dose and using methadone for breakthrough but most Dr&#039;s wont prescribe methadone because of stigma associated with its normal use but had my pain level to around 3. Roxycodone can only get me to 6 at best."
"Fluoxetine is pretty gentle compared to most other anti-depressant medicines. I had a good response from Zoloft almost 20 years ago, and when I had breakthrough depression I was switched to Effexor. Effexor worked but was prohibitively expensive. Then I was finally stated on Prozac(fluoxetine). I had zero side effects during the first week--which was vastly different from my experience with the other two--and at 40mg/day fluoxetine seems just as efficacious. Fluoxetine has worked well for my panic, depression, and general anxiety. One must give it time to work. For people that are really struggling six weeks can seem a lifetime, but for many that is how long it takes for fluoxetine to &#039;work&#039;."
"I previously used Epiduo and I absolutely loved it. It really helped keep my skin clear, and while some people have had issues with over drying or flaking, I find that it brings my skin to a &#039;normal&#039; state and I just have to use a mild moisturizer (CeraVe is my personal preference). Anyway, when I ran out I couldn&#039;t get back to the dermatologist right away I started breaking out again. So, you do have to be really consistent with it. Put it on every night! You will see results. I just got a new bottle three days ago, and already my acne is less red and noticeably smaller. Love this product."
"So far it&#039;s great. I sleep a full eight hours. No side effects as of yet"
"I miscarried at almost 3 months June 16th. A Dr felt I should get depo to prevent another pregnancy to soon and to stabilize my uterus. My period Started again July 26th Around the First of August I began putting on weight seemingly overnight. When I got my next period all hell broke lose. I began bleeding on and off. Some days light so days heavy. Some days brownish some days bright red and it has not stopped until now. Early October and I&#039;ve gained about 13 pounds. I&#039;ve been doing at home exercises to keep from getting to big and it has helped. It&#039;s October 6th and the bleeding has greatly diminished and seems to be stopping. So I&#039;ve been bleeding for 2 months. I did not go back to get a second shot which was due Mid September. No more for me"
"I feel like I&#039;m dying right now! I want to cry and get all of this stuff out of me. It hurts so bad and I have no clue if I will sleep at all tonight."
"I have suffered silently with bi polar 2 ADHD and PTSD for about 15 years. After debilitating depression and anxiety I finally went to get help. I am only on my 4th day with 300mg 3x daily but the difference in my life is HUGE! I actually sleep at night which is so rare, and my days are spent enjoying my kids instead of sitting on the couch all day. I have had so little anxiety, I forgot what it has felt like to not constantly have a feeling of dread. It is incredible. I do hope that this is a forever feeling! The total for this medication was $93.98 my out of pocket after my insurance was $7.00"
"I found no relief with Lyrica, used it only a few weeks."
"I&#039;ll make this as brief as possible:

This drug isn&#039;t putting a dent on ceasing tumor progression in me. Unfortunately, the intravenous chemo [Abraxane] I was on had plateaued and was no longer effective. I have no idea what I will be going on next."
"Isopropranolol is magic. Im a senior biochemistry student (straight As). One problem: during presentations,I shake I blush i have this huge blank in my head and don&#039;t even remember what i&#039;m talking about. On the day of the presentation I was nervous all throughout the day heart was pumping loud and fast. I took one pill around an hour before the presentation. I did feel light headed the first 30 mins but it was a nice feeling. My heart kept pumping loudly, but at a very slow rate, which i guess is what this pill does. My presentation went so smoothly and i was calm and able to offer a solid explanation for 25 minutes. Everybody loved it and i was so calm and confident! The pill is magic.."
"My experience has being great. I have lost about 20 pounds in 2 months. Side effects: just mild nausea if I don&#039;t  eat, loss of appetite. Glucose levels of 107 in the mornings vs 160. I do have the bumps on the injection sites. I chose my belly but I think I need to change sites. I am really happy with the results and would not change it for anything else. I was having a really hard time losing weight before and now it became really easy. My doctor also put me on a lactose free diet and it s working wonders for me. No more upset stomach or bloating."
"It&#039;s been 4 months since I have Nexplannon inserted. I don&#039;t remember when was the last time I had my period.
The only problem with this birth control is that I&#039;m so moody and I sweat for no reason I hate it. My husband jokes about my moods sometimes , he says I&#039;m going crazy. I don&#039;t know what to do to help my mood."
"I used XYZAL, and it made my eyes burn, gave me a migrane, and I was dizzy all the time.  This drug did not work for me."
"I was on mirapex for RLS for about 11 years.  At first it RLScgot much worse.  I had uncontrolled arm and leg movement when relaxed or sleeping.  I did not get sleep.  Finally went to a neurologist.  He started me on 300mg of Gabapentin and worked up to 1200mg at night and 300mg at morning and afternoon.  Then I started to reduce mirapex.  I went through severe withdrawal for 5 days and moderate for another 5 days.  I now can sleep and the uncontrolled movement is minimal.  My neurologist said that mirapex was the cause of my worsening condition"
"This medication has done nothing to help my spasms and pain due to a car accident. Advil works better. I&#039;m in so much pain and can not get in to a pain specialist for weeks. This medication is going in the trash."
"Helps dry eye - but generates Terrible long-lasting bitter taste in the mouth, that stays for 4-6 hours or even more) and makes Every food or drink taste bad. 
I called Shire and they know that this is an effect of the drug - but they have no Idea what causes it or how to counter it. So - we cannot even know for sure that this is not a long-lasting damage to the taste bud or to any other important function. The longest clinical trials were for 12 months. Thus any long-lasting damage is not known. The thought is troublesome and so is that bitter taste."
"So far the only side effects I am having are headaches, nausea and moodiness. It has kept me from wanting a cigarette. I have only had 8 in two days."
"I started this birth control in November of 2013, waited about a month and a half before I started having sex and it protected me. I stopped in mid-March and got back on it two weeks later right after my period. Then 12 days after I started taking it again, I had unprotected sex and I was so scared I was pregnant but I&#039;m NOT. It&#039;s best to start taking this birth control RIGHT after your period or during your period, you will be fully protected. Only side effects were the weight gain because my appetite increased. Other than that I was good. Light periods that last about 1-2 days also."
"My mood improved significantly with Lexapro. No anxiety or panic attacks whatsoever. However after about a week on it, I had severe diharrea. I literally was afraid to eat."
"I have been taking Loestrin 24 FE since July of 2011 and I must say I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain or anything. I think my breasts have gotten bigger though but that could be just because I&#039;m a growing 17 year old girl. No complaints though besides I hate how my periods come at random times."
"I received 1 gram in each hip once per week for 3 weeks to knock out an infection I had.  It&#039;s been a month since my last injection.  I think I can still feel the 6 lumps in my hips, but it knocked out the infection. "
"I am only on day three of this medication and the annoying itchiness has mostly subsided. However, I am a big girl who usually never experiences any harsh side effects with medicine. Yet this makes me very drowsy and cloudy most of the day. Also, DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL ON THIS MEDICATION. DON&#039;T. It is very dangerous. I didn&#039;t think about it on my first day and had one margarita and two beers (which normally, would only give me a slight buzz). I left the party bc I was feeling very tired. By the time I got home you would have though I had been taking shots all night, I felt so intoxicated. I passed right out when I hit the sheets. Very scary."
"I got Nexplanon inserted February 12. I had my period since January 25. I decided to try Nexplanon because the Depo Provera gave me mood swings and longer periods. I have had my period now for almost 7 weeks. I dont know if its because of the Depo or if its also the Nexplanon. I have gained 7Lbs since starting this. Its been great for birth control but that may because I havent had sex."
"I needed three treatments two years ago (one week between each treatment), but the biggest problem is the dosage. This tiny bottle barely cover my scalp and does not reach anything near half-way down my 30&quot; hair. Length and thickness of hair should be factors in the amount prescribed. I think the bugs just ran down to dryer hair to escape the poison. Still, it worked better than OTC meds, which did nothing at all for the strain of lice I had. The directions I was given said to use half a bottle then use the other half a week later. A full bottle didn&#039;t even dampen my hair; half a bottle would have been less than useless."
"Lexapro has SAVED my life! I was struggling with extreme Irritable bowel syndrome symptoms, took every medicine for it. Lexapro was the only thing that has helped me. I now feel like a normal person! If you are struggling with IBS please give Lexapro a try. I take 10 mg once a day... but START AT HALF THE DOSE, I started at 5mg for two weeks then went up to the 10 mg. This eliminated getting bad side effects, the only side effect I got was a little nausea for the first couple of days but then it went away.

Good luck to everyone, I hope Lexapro will help you all as much as it has helped me."
"I stayed on this medicine for about 3 months. I started on 5mg and worked to 10mg. I loved the way I feel on it but I cannot deal with the nausea it causes. Usually about 15 minutes after taking it the nausea sets in for about an hour to 2 hours. Some issues with decreased libido but other than that I had no other side affects. I finally ask my doctor to switch me to a different medicine due to the upset stomach."
"I&#039;ve been taking Siberian ginseng for a week three times a day as I am peri menopausal. I&#039;ve been experiencing brain fog for nearly a year and complete lack of energy. Having done some research ginseng is recommended for these reasons when trying to tackle the dreaded menopause and I must say today is one of the first days I feel like my old self. I&#039;ve also combined this with evening primrose oil 3 times a day and calcium supplements and I&#039;m aware I&#039;ll probably have to do this for the remainder of my life but it&#039;s worth it to future proof my brain and bones and protect my family from my awful mood swings and depression! Definitely worth a try"
"My experience started out pretty good with sronyx and to be honest the bad trickled in so subtly that I didn&#039;t even realize anything had gone wrong until it hit me full force.
My periods used to be 2-4 months apart, but extremely painful when they finally hit. 
Sronyx eventually started to fix that, although my first 2 packs I bled constantly all the way through until it stopped.
I went from an average 76 day cycle to now a 17 day cycle and every period that number gets lower.
My anxiety got out of control to the point where I needed professional help and I became physically ill with migraines and nausea that required hospital.
I have stopped taking the pill today and will be seeing my doctor first thing.
It&#039;s not worth it."
"Celexa changed my life!! I went from being constantly worried/ anxious to feeling calm and capable all the time! Even my coworkers noticed how much better I handled stress and how relaxed I seemed. At first I did experience side effects such as stomach upset, difficulty achieving orgasm and sleep troubles but all of these ceased over the first month. The only side effect I still have is I am slightly more somnolent during the day, but it is well worth it for the positive effects. I didn&#039;t gain weight either! I wish I had gone on this med years ago."
"I was on Pentasa for 19 years but every time I had a colonoscopy the crohn&#039;s was progressing.  I finally ended in the hospital with a severe inflammation.  I was told by 2 GI docs that the Pentasa was probably not working but back in 1997, except for 6mp they really had no other alternative.  2 months ago I switched to Humira.  Many more side effects than Pentasa however."
"I am a 41 year old female. I started getting a lot of panic attacks back in March 07, to the point I was in ER. They ran tests and found out it was panic/anxiety disorder. So I started taking clonazepam 0.5 at first 2-3 times daily and slowly worked up to 2 mg 3 times a day. Then it was finally working correctly on me. I have been on 2 mg 3 times a day for a year and 2 years total on it and it does work but warning - if you are relaxing in a chair watching TV, etc., you will fall asleep for a couple hours if you&#039;re not careful. At times, it makes me a bit sleepy but that could be the anemia I have too. "
"Worked well on my cough. Did not suppress it completely which was a good thing since I was coughing up so much phlegm. Was able to rest on the medication. However if I took it during the day I found myself wanting to nod off and if I would not let myself sleep I would get a little dizzy."
"I have just started taking Nuvigil for a few days now. For the last few years I have been taking medicines to calm me down and ease my stress levels. I felt like I was a walking zombie most of the time when I was awake, but most of the time I just slept. I can&#039;t believe how amazing this medicine is, the cloudiness is gone I feel like Rip Van Winkle when he finally woke up. Wow!"
"Only rx that actually worked for coughing. Finally able to get some sleep without that sinus irritation in throat making me cough and cough."
"If you want depression, worsened anxiety, WEIGHT GAIN, and moodiness (which I highly doubt anyone would) get it. From personal experience, I would highly recommend against it."
"Previfem kept me from getting pregnant, so that&#039;s great, but it gave me awful, painful, 2+ week long withdrawal bleeds. I would start bleeding right in the middle of my active pills, almost two full weeks before my placebo pills started. The bleeding  didn&#039;t really let up until the placebo pills were gone. It wasn&#039;t minor bleeding, either; it was heavy and accompanied by cramps/backaches. I would get migraines here and there, too, ranging in severity. I thought these symptoms would let up eventually, but I took it for three months with no luck.

Personally, I just couldn&#039;t deal with the excessively long withdrawal bleeds. I switched over to Microgestin Fe 1/20 after three cycles and have had a much better experience so far."
"This medication has worked well for me in terms of controlling my anxiety and fear of having a panic attack.  However the side effects I have had to endure are not so pleasant.  I&#039;m always tired and can sleep all day long.  As well, I have gained weight on this medication and trying to lose it is very hard.  It&#039;s like my metabolism has stopped working. I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about 3 years now and considering weening off to try something else."
"I have been on Lexapro for just about 3 years. I was first diagnosed with both depression and anxiety my sophomore year of high school, after I had missed weeks of school due to these conditions. After just the first week on Lexapro I felt better. Eventually, I had to have my dosage raised as I started to feel anxious/depressed again. I&#039;m now a freshman in college, and couldn&#039;t be happier with what Lexapro has done for me. I&#039;m actually studying to be a psychiatric nurse to help people like myself, with mental disorders."
"I am a 60 year young male who is a marathon runner, ( 12 ) in my 50&#039;s and was surprised to learn of my weakening bone condition. Thanks to the excellent care from the staff at University and help from Lilly Pharmaceuticals. I have been using Forteo for 14 months and have had no negative side effects. I go for a new bone density scan on 3/09/09 to measure the results. I am always expecting the best, I am training for a marathon and running regularly. I would rather wear out than rust out. Good Luck."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon since July of 2016. I had it inserted a month after I had my baby. I think I bled for an additional month and that&#039;s not including my post partum bleeding, so I was going to get it removed but my doctor prescribed me 800mg ibuprofin and I was instructed to take 1 three times a day for 5 days and it stopped my bleeding, then the same thing happened a few months later and I did the same thing. It&#039;s convenient but my mood swings are a horrendous!  I feel bad for my loved ones seriously.. I&#039;m constantly walking around with a brick on my shoulder !!!"
"I do think it&#039;s important to note that Jolessa is NOT Seasonique. Jolessa is the generic form of SEASONALE and NO, they are not the same! Seasonale&#039;s last week is comprised of placebo, &quot;sugar&quot;, pills. Have been on Jolessa for 4 years and LOVE it! No acne, no weight gain and no spotting! Been on birth control in general for about 7 years now. Wouldn&#039;t be on anything else!"
"I was on victoza for 3 months and got really sick. Dr took blood and my lipase and amylase numbers were off the chart. He told me I had pancreatitis. I will never take this drug again. I have never been that sick ever."
"I have neuropathic pain, seizures and bipolar disorder all which can be treated by Gabapentin.  At first it seemed like I wasn&#039;t taking anything but after getting on 3600mg/day it has really improved my life.  My pain is tolerable, the simple-partial seizures are well managed and I am calm all the time.  It took a large dose to work for me but I am glad I tried it.  My only complaint is that if I stand up quickly I get dizzy.  But relative to everything else I don&#039;t mind."
"I have been using Benicar for about a year now and it is great. It is one of those medicines that I can&#039;t TELL I&#039;m taking. No real side effects, I was taking it at night before I went to bed but I was waking up to go to the bathroom a lot. Now I take it mid morning and I still have to go to the bathroom a lot but at least it isn&#039;t waking me up. On the days I forget I realize it because I&#039;m not going to the bathroom 1/2 as much as when I do. For whatever that&#039;s worth. Great medication though and glad I started after being very resistant about going to the doctor."
"The only reason I gave it a 9 is because I can tell immediately if I miss a dose because it is as if my depression returns full fold as far as crying, irritability, anger and deep sadness. I use something else-Wellbutrin &amp; Xanax bid for my anxiety. I have been on many anti-depressants and have dealt with PTSD and MDD since dx when 19. Probably had it prior but I was dx when I got to college because I was an A student who could not function. I tried this because my alternating Lexapro and Celexa (not at the same time) was no longer working and I am so happy that my NP found it. I had some tummy issues at first but they were gone after the first three weeks and I already have insomnia so that has not changed. I am the young Me again."
"I got Kyleena inserted on 4/20 for my extremely painful periods. Yes, the day of insertion was hell on earth. The 2 cramps that occurred during the insertion were the worst pains I have ever felt. Tears ran down my face, I became white as a sheet, &amp; almost passed out (I also took 800mg of ibuprofen 40 minutes prior). The nurse brought me water, &amp; I was ok to get up and walk to my car after 5-7 minutes of laying down. Buy the heating pads that stick inside your underwear! They are a life saver. Those, ibuprofen, hot tea, &amp; a snuggly boyfriend were very helpful. I had cramps &amp; spotting for 2 days after &amp; have not had any symptoms since except for some minor rare cramping. I LOVE IT! The initial pain is WELL WORTH the benefits now. :)"
"Warning, Caution! If you are doing Remicade treatments for Crohn&#039;s disease that involve IV Phenergan. The day after my 56th treatment I took my 2nd dose of Pristiq and within 30 minutes almost passed out, became very disoriented, drifted in and out of reality. I have done 56 of these treatments and yes the after effects of Phenergan and Remicade tend to make you tired for a couple of days but not disoriented. I have waited a couple of days to let the premeds from the treatment get out of my system more and will try Pristiq again BRAVELY! I can note that the first dose I took the day before my treatment had no effects like this so it must have had an interaction with something (either the Remicade or Phenergan."
"Worked wonder within days for my severe ocd."
"I have now been on Zoloft for a solid 12 months (50mg).  It has changed my life.  I was prescribed it for depression, anxiety and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder - it has almost completely resolved issues I have had for most of my life.  I hesitated in taking it due to side-effects mostly because I have always been obsessed with my weight. I&#039;m happy to report that if anything, I have dropped weight in the last year. I no longer am tempted to binge eat and just lead a healthy and active lifestyle because I am happier. I really wanted someone to read this who was in my position - who was too scared to try it because of side-effects. My only side effects are dry eyes, I need to sleep 8 hours a night (instead of 5-6) and that&#039;s the worst of it!"
"I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy about a 2 weeks ago and I have been taking Nuvigil for about a week. I have to admit it works. The urges to fall sleep are there but I have a choice now. I still sleep at night. About 7-8 hours, but I still wake up frequently. The only thing is, I get headaches and my mouth is really, really dry. I&#039;m not thirsty, I am hydrated, I drink plenty of water, but I can&#039;t shake these two symptoms. So either I enjoy being awake and deal with the side effects, or I quit the medicine, and continue being tired. The first two days on it was great. But after a week, I feel sleep deprived, but I am still awake. I am waiting on a medicine to help me sleep better at night. So I will continue to give Nuvigil a shot."
"These pills are a joke! They don&#039;t work at all! How they can call these pain pills a pain medication. I&#039;ll never know!"
"I take 3mg of Lunesta before bedtime. I have no bad after taste. I wake feeling refreshed. I awake some nights but I&#039;m able to fall back to sleep and still feel refreshed when I  awake. I do wish the price would come down."
"55 now - started BP issues about 4 years ago apprx.  Took Clonidine with no side effects and BP correction.  Took it as needed.  BP issue started again past year I believe.  Other someone listed below but cause chronic cough which new doc ID&#039;s and changed me to Losartan.  Initially some, mild dizziness spells which dissipated now.  Morning BP is high, was 135 or so / 90, but last week or two has been  145-150 and 95-100  have had some gym exercise as well, eating 1800 or less average, but still 35 lbs over (that&#039;s been years and years now).  Do need to tell doc about morning issue, and what is going on during night?  Get a stroke or something?  Maybe need Cholodine again during night for fast relief?"
"I&#039;m 57 years old.  Both my sons were diagnosed with ADHD.  I went out with a guy with ADHD and the symptoms he described were just like mine. My doctor was hesitant about prescribing it to someone my age.  I went home and got it filled and about 45 minutes later I was amazed.  I was talking, being sociable, and enjoying the people I had known for years and barely talked to.  I have never felt some calm.  I thought, &quot;wow, is this what normal people feel like?&quot;  I&#039;m much more focused and productive even though I&#039;ve always been successful and done well in school.  I tried the regular Adderall and it didn&#039;t help at all. I&#039;m only taking 10mg and it&#039;s working great!"
" I took levonorgestrel under the brand Postinor 2  after an incident with my boyfriend. My boyfriend&#039;s semen got over my vaginal area and some of it did get inside me (shallow penetration) and this was during my ovulation period. Took the first pill in 43h, second pill 12h later (postinor requires you to eat 2 pills 12h apart). 1 week after taking the pills I had a lot of vaginal discharge and tender breasts which really scared me because they resembled early pregnancy symptoms, but exactly 2 weeks later, I got my period. It was on time and flow was as per normal."
"This medication has saved my life. Almost curing crippling depression. That I once had 3 months of ECT for. Depression for 30, yes 30 years. And I am 44. I have been on miriad of meds. All classes and try this and that. Then developed fibromyalgia. Which I&#039;m glad God gave me. Because it led to me getting approved for this drug. Which helps with my panic anxiety. Which I was on klonopin for. Stopped it on my own. Stopped taking all antidepressants. I was on 3 different ones at once. I&#039;m not in pain, physically or mentally. Weight gain yes. But I&#039;ll take that over living in side myself as if it was hell."
"I have suffered from migraines all my life and I am now 57. I was prescribed Imitrex at age 39 and the first dose of 50mg gave me a tightness in my throat but it stopped the migraine. I suffered with them every day. I finally figured out that MSG in food was the biggest cause of the migraine. MSG is disguised by many names but I have eliminated a lot of food and with the help of Imitrex, I can live an almost normal life without a migraine. Imitrex sometimes makes me sleep a lot and other times I sleep for about 30 minutes and I&#039;m fine. I praise the makers of Imitrex because nothing else would completely take the pain away!"
"Best birth control ever. No side effects, no spotting. Very light periods. It&#039;s amazing."
"This medication works very well, but unfortunately for me it is expensive. "
"This thing really does work! I was expected to have my period on Friday and the condom broke Thursday. So needless to say I was paranoid. I took the pill within 30 minutes and felt instant cramps.  I read all these reviews and they put me to ease, but still felt the stress.  I got my period EXACTLY a week after the incident, but was still nervous because I was 6 days late from the expected period.  But please don&#039;t worry, it works.  Though the period is absolute hell and painful, I&#039;ve never been more excited to have it."
"I have been taking Mononessa for about 6 years now. I have had no undesirable side effects. My periods are always on time, there not heavy at all, and last generally 4 days, sometimes 5. I have experienced no nausea, and no cramps. I have acne, but I had acne as a teenager, and then it went away and came back years later, so I don&#039;t think the birth control is the culprit. I pay nothing out of pocket, and the one time my insurance did get cut off, it was $28 which I did not feel was completely unreasonable. And most importantly, I have not gotten pregnant since being on it."
"Almost  1 year on Belviq.  Started at 348 today my weight 251. Knee and hip pain almost totally gone. Blood pressure  down, life is good"
"If you&#039;re debating on whether to get drysol or not, DEFINITELY GET IT. When I read the reviews I was said &quot;oh it can&#039;t be that good.&quot; I was so beyond impressed. I apply it now 1-2 times a week and now I can wear whatever top I want. I even went running in 90 degree whether in a black shirt and my underarms were still completely dry. I am so happy that I tried this. The only downside is the burning once you apply it but it only lasts for about 20 minutes. It&#039;s so worth it!"
"Works extremely well."
"I&#039;m 33 have been taking 25mg for the past 4.5 years. I have been getting aura migraines since I was 13. They have always been unpredictable and could never pin down particular triggers. In my early 20s I took sandomigran for a couple years but found I gained too much weight and still got migraines. For the first 4 years -pretty much to the day, of taking nortriptyline I didn&#039;t have a single migraine, normal headaches lessened, my irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis improved and then I got the dreaded aura and a terrible migraine. I have now had 3 migraines in the past 5 months and curious as to why it&#039;s not working as effectively as it used too. Side effects: no weight gain, I get a dry mouth all day, lowered libido, restless sleep."
"Have Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia and tried Rapaflo for two weeks.  For me there were too many side effects to continue any longer.  Here they are starting with the most annoying:
No orgasm--was completely unable to reach orgasm after the first dose; throat swelled up and had a hard time swallowing; nasal congestion; blurry vision; ear ache; jaw ache; increased inflammation."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about 7 months. I started at 5 mg and I felt great! But around the 4 months I got worse and ended up increasing my dose to 30 mg and now I feel even more better then before! The only side effect I experienced was a slight brain zaps but they go away after a week or two. This medicine has helped me so much I recommend this medcine!"
"I have been on Spiriva Respimat for about a year now for my COPD and it is still working very well!  I do have to take my rescue inhaler more than I did when I first began the drug but I am still receiving great benefit from this medication and am so grateful it continues to improve my quality of life."
"I am on my 4th month taking this pill. This is my first time regularly having sex without a condom and I have not gotten pregnant. My sex drive is great, but I have a lot of cramps and breast tenderness. I gained some weight at first, but I went back down when I stopped eating as much. My periods have been long, but relatively light. Considering I can overcome the side effects and I get this brand for free it works for me."
"I have been taking Avapro 150 mg for 4 years now and it has been wonderful.  My blood pressure has been in the normal range almost since I started taking it.  I did reduce my salt intake and recently lost 15 pounds.  I am making lifestyle changes. I&#039;m now walking about 4 miles a day for 4 to 5 days of the week.  Avapro helped me get on track to a healthy life style.  Oh, and I just turned 60."
"I have had trouble with my hypothyroidism for 40 years. The last 4 years it has been out of control.. can&#039;t keep my levels good. Fall asleep at the drop of a pin. Tired all the time. Doc put me on tirosint. At first I felt like a million bucks!!  Then the panic attacks started, bad horrible cramps in my legs and feet. But the worst was feeling like I was in a constant state of DIVERTICULITIS!! I was eating pain meds and on antibiotics for weeks! Then I stopped taking it. it went away.. it has only been a couple of days... but my belly is feeling better, but my aneixty is still running at a 9.. along with the irritability."
"I was on Abilify for 3 weeks total. On the 3rd day on the drug I started to feel shaky, like something had to be moving at all times. I figured it would just go away so when I got no sleep that night from this I thought tomorrow will be better. But on day 4 it was worse so I called my doctor and he told me to take a half a pill and by this time my legs were visible shaking out of control. I would have to push on them to make them stop. On days 5, 6 and 7 I had the same thing: shakey and no sleep. Everything hurt from the shaking. It was so bad at one point I broke down in the middle of my in laws home. That day my doctor took me off this medicine and 2 days later all the shaking was gone."
"I have been on Lyrica for 5 years and it has changed my life so much. I had pain all over and could not figure out why. I went through so many test and procedures to help and nothing did. I found a Dr. who put me on Lyrica 50mg three times a day and after a couple of days being dizzy I realized that my pain was almost gone. I am now taking 150mg three times a day and I have my life back. I have gained weight because food taste great now. Make sure you never run out though. It happened to me on vacation and I was so sick from withdrawal. It is the worst feeling in the world, all the pain was back and I felt like I had the worst flu ever. As soon as I got home and got my refill I was fine. Great medicine, but they do need to tell you more about withdrawal. I love Lyrica."
"I am on week 2 of Pristiq and so far I am very irritable, no motivation and no sex drive. I have read the reviews and I am feeling more optimistic! Thanks everyone for posting! I really want to keep pushing through this."
"Seems to be working fine."
"It did help me quit smoking and I&#039;ve been smoke free since June 29th.I quit 3 weeks into the program.The problem was I got a terrible rash from it. My whole left arm and both ankles look like I have the measles that were scratched open. Even my face got it. The bubbled up kind of rash that if you scratch it the bubbles pop and it&#039;s red a raw looking. Needless to say I quit taking Chantix right after the pharmacist told me it could be from that. Now I have to go to the clinic to see what to do about the rash. I am glad I was able to quit smoking because just I found out my grandson has asthma the poor kid. I really didn&#039;t want to quit but when your Grand kids don&#039;t want to come over because you smoke it gives you the incentive to."
"I got the Nexplanon put in July 10th (a month after I gave birth) and to this day (3.31.13) I am STILL bleeding! I have went to my dr and they gave me a pill that didn&#039;t stop the bleeding, I bleed every day all day and they don&#039;t know what to do, I am about to get it taken out. Granted I have not gotten pregnant but then again we don&#039;t have much sex due to the bleeding."
"Was on Ambien and doing well and the doctor told me since I was over 65 I could not have it any longer.  Tried Trazadone, Rozarem and then Belsomra.  I got maybe 2-3 hours sleep on the Belsomra if that and the dreams were axe murderer vivid. I also developed leg weakness and found my insurance copay was over $100.00!  I finally am back on my Ambien and am sleeping my usual 8 hours with no hangover in the morning and no axe murderer dreams.  Am very disappointed in Belsomra as I had watched its&#039; development for awhile and had high hopes."
"For Migraine"
"I started Suboxone 13 days ago after being addicted to opiates for about 2 plus years.  I was like the rest of them buying them off the streets and runnig up about a $150.00 - $200.00 a day habit.  I was stealing money from my husband and my parents and literally could not talk to my kids without screaming by evening.  I agree Suboxone is a life saver but I would like to eventually get off them but I know without them I would still be using more and more every day.  I love my husband again and enjoy my children.  I do suggest however going to NA meetings or therapy so you do not feel alone and have someone else you can talk to if the urge ever arises.  No real urges in 13 days.  Good Luck to all."
"I&#039;ve been on Lamictal for a few years and while it eliminated all my daytime seizures my night time sleep seizures continue. I spoke to my neuro and he raised the dosage to 400mg..But I was a zombie with no memory, aphasia, and confusion. Finally I went back to 200mgs and decided to just live with the nighttime seizures. my dr suggested using Xanax to control them. It worked. The odd part that they occur every six weeks like and last for about a week... Anybody else has such regular onset?"
"I was prescribed this cream by a consultant dermatologist, I used on my eyebrows  on and off for some 5-6months 
recently my glands on one side of my neck have swollen, I don&#039;t have a cold or flu or any other symptoms of any viral infection, apart from a reddening of my throat, GP prescribed  some antibiotics which don&#039;t seem to of done much, I still have a sharp pain when I breathe in quickly through my nose or lie on that side of my neck in bed I haven&#039;t used this  since and don&#039;t intend using again  nor do I trust the pharma industry"
"After speaking with my Doctor and doing my research, I decided to try this Mirena to control my long heavy periods. Big mistake after 6 months of constant bleeding and depression I&#039;ve decided  to have it removed. I would rather have 5 days of heavy periods  than to go 2 to 3 weeks and experience mood swings.."
"I&#039;ve been on the Nuvaring ever since I had my baby girl who is 3 yrs now! I absolutely LOVE IT. I have nothing bad to say about it. I can&#039;t feel it during sex and neither does my husband. I would recommend this to anyone!"
"I remember reading all these reviews before I took it because I was so scared of the side effects that I might get so I thought I would review it. I know everyone reacts differently but so far this medication has been great. It has slowed down those over thinking anxious feeling&#039;s a lot! The side effects were minor. Mild digestive problems, occasional yawning episodes (a bit annoying). The one that is probably the biggest issue is the complete loss of appetite, I just feel like drinking a lot of water. I don&#039;t feel hungry and have lost 2kg in the 3 weeks I have been on it.   I am hoping in time these side effects will eventually go away. They are pretty mild and something I can put up with since it is helping me with my anxiety."
"Azathioprine worked well to reduce my ulcerative colitis symptoms and had zero noticeable side effects. The required frequent blood tests were a hassle and it did lower my white count significantly. In the end, the medicine was not sufficient to manage my condition and we added an anti-TNF to it. Once that was ramped up I discontinued azathioprine since it added nothing to the anti-TNF."
"I&#039;ve had a very strange experience with this medication. I&#039;ve been suffering from chronic insomnia for a couple of years now - I&#039;ve been prescribed every sleeping aid under the sun. Having had bad experiences with most tablets - Zopiclone (evil stuff - always feel irritable and miserable after taking it), Trazadone (spaced out, constipated with a really dry mouth!), antihistamines (don&#039;t work at all), Zolpidem (fall asleep for 2 hours, wake up and can&#039;t go back to sleep) Anyway, you get the picture! When I take Mirtazapine (7.5mg) I fall asleep roughly 30 mins later and sleep for a solid 9 hours! Sounds good....however, the next day I feel SO weird...detached from reality to the point where I can&#039;t function on any level :-("
"Helped to improveHemoglobin (hgb) and hematocrit (hct) and minimal Red blood cell (RBCs). Feel positive results thus far. Side effects were bone pain for few days after injection. Worst side effect was severe runny nose starting about 3 days post injection peaking about 2 weeks post injection and basically over at time for next injection."
"I have just started taking this medicine. I just took my third dose about 30 minutes ago. The first night taking the medicine was difficult. Bad taste - definitely. My legs were fidgety and I tossed and turned for about 4 hours (very unusual for me, I normally sleep like a rock). I could hardly get out of bed for more than 10 minutes the first day. Dizziness was very bad. I took the second dose about 16 hours after the first dose (4pm on day 2). The 2nd day has been a bit better. I was able to get on the exercise bike for a few minutes even. This is my third day. I took the third dose at 8:30 am. I am working up to taking 5mg every 12 hours, but am not there yet. I have a follow-up with the doctor in a couple days. "
"Epzicom, Reyataz AND Norvir triple combination.  It is expensive, but ALL hiv medications are expensive and there are programs to help pay for the medicine if you have a low wage since most of these HIV medicines cost between $3000 and $10000 or more. This one in combination with Reyataz and Norvir has brought my CD4 level up to 1100 and an undetectable viral load. I do have side effects from the 3 medications, such as nausea and lethargy, but I take Marinol/Dronabinol to take away the nausea.  I am happy with my CD4 count and viral load on this combination of medicines to fight my HIV/AIDS infection."
"Wish I never would&#039;ve taken for it 3 weeks!   Have lost about half my hair!  Not worth it!"
"Since I&#039;ve started taking Zonegran I have not had ANY flare ups of tremors in my hands. No bad side effects however, one good one... It has helped me lose weight!"
"I got the skyla inserted 3 weeks ago. I&#039;m 30, no kids, had nuvaring and barely had a period for the last few years. I started BC at 18 so what I can remember my periods were 3 days every 3 weeks. I will say, nothing can prepare you for the insertion. It was the 2nd to worst pain in my life, #1 being my shoulder coming out of joint. It felt like a hot rod searing my insides. I literally jumped up the table. Now, after I crawled back down and new what was coming, I breathed, joked, counted slowly and it was over in 30 seconds. Afterwards, cramps &amp; spotting for a week or so. 3 weeks later and I feel great! More energy, higher sex drive, no more spotting. No regrets! Love it!"
"Starting this medication made me nervous but without any side effects, the two-pill dose has zero complaints from me! No stomach cramping, no diarrhea, no nausea, nothing! My advice to anyone taking it is to take your recommended dose immediately after eating a large meal since food reduces side effects in medications. Other than that, you&rsquo;re on your way to becoming C free!! Good luck!"
"I&#039;m 76. Been using Cialis for BPH and also ED. Tried Viagra last week. Wow. Never performed so well. Took about 2 hours before sex. Had a great erction and lasted as long as I wanted to. Decided to climax after about 1/2 hr. of continuas intercourse. My partnetr was amazed and said it was the best! I had received 50mg tablets, but I cut in half. Seemed to be more than enough. Maybe I&#039;ll try 50mg. for comparison."
"I have been taking Deplin for 18 days and I do notice a slight change in my depression/brain fog and energy levels. I think it is being inhibited by my Adderall withdrawal but am hoping it is helpful since I&#039;ve tried many medications and nothing has really helped."
"Taking 50mg. This is my first week. Wellbutrin gave me hives and Lexapro was nothing more than a sugar pill. My most noticeable side effects:  repetitive yawning on day three and day six. Almost incomplete non satisfactory yawning followed with a quick wave of nausea. My first two days I felt really nervous. Insides were shaky. Very minor headaches almost every other day. My general sense of well being has improved but I am quieter. I am not as vocal as I was. Almost subdued, which means less arguing with my fiance. I haven&#039;t noticed an appetite decrease, in fact my hunger pains seem more pronounced. My sex drive was gone to begin with so nothing to report there.  I was in the sun today, noticed a much greater sensitivity to it. Dry mouth."
"I have only taken 3 doses of Belviq and I have lost 1.5lbs already. "
"I&#039;m a 53 year old male, have had Ankylosing Spondylitits since I was a teenager, undiagnosed until a bout of Uveitis (inflammation in my eye) in 2010, the blood tests revealed I was HLA B27.  From there my illness steadily progressed until hospitalisation in 2016, by the end of 2016 I was having more frequent episodes of uveitis followed by debilitation reactive arthritis that left me unable to move. The last episode in Feb 2017 saw me hospitalised again, due to the pain of my ribs expanding when trying to breath. I received my first Humira injection pen injection the day after being hospitalised in Feb...... It&#039;s a miracle. Within 24 hours I was feeling better than I had felt in 8 years. Humira has given me a second chance."
"This is the only one I feel safe taking. I&#039;m prescribed 0.25mg 2x a day or as needed. I took Zoloft, Wellbutrin,Seroquel, etc. Felt horrible coming off all of these. With Xanax I feel like I can take it when I need it and put it down the next day if I don&#039;t. Unlike the other antidepressants that cause brain zaps or worse side effects, feelings of a rollercoaster coming down."
"I too was on Vagifem for about 1 1/2 years when my Insurance switched me to Yuvafem.  After 2 months I was getting a lot of Hot Flashes and the Vaginal dryness started to come back,   I did appeal to my Insurance Company and they just approved for me to get the Vagifem back instead.  I have a feeling my copay will go from $30. to $50. but it&#039;s worth it to get results.   I had no issues with insertion or anything like that but do believe either the pill dissolved too quickly or too slowly and that is why I was having my symptoms return"
"I was on the shot for 2 years and 6 months. My first 6 months on the shot I bleed lightly but nonstop. After that I did not have a period for the 2 years. I gained 40  pounds and experienced major emotional side effects. I did not get pregnant on the shot because mainly my sex drive is nonexistant and I am so tired all the time. I have also believed this shot has messed with my blood sugar and blood pressure. I am ending my shot because of all the side effects."
"I love the NuvaRing. I have had some minor side effects but beside all of it I love it. My period has always been regular when I take the Nuvaring off. I been using the Nuvaring about 1/2 a year now, and had not used a protection a couple of times, and the Nuvaring has protected me from getting pregnant."
"I was given butorphanol for severe abdominal pain related to Crohn&#039;s disease when none of the typical meds worked for me. It is amazingly effective. The first time I took this nasal spray my pain disappeared in about 7 minutes. Nothing has ever worked for my pain before until taking this. And since I have Crohn&#039;s disease, the nasal spray is brilliant because it doesn&#039;t go through the digestive system and cause other symptoms. Made me a little sleepy, but less each time I take it. It&#039;s been a miracle for me."
"I have used this numerous times for both bronchitis and sinusitis and it has always worked great for me.  The 5 day z-pack is great.  I don&#039;t have to take a pill for 14 days and that is awesome.  Every time I have taken it, I have experienced stomach pain on the first day but each day following it, no problems.  This medicine is awesome and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants  fast and effective relief!!"
"Worst pain I&#039;ve ever experienced in my life. I inserted the treatment and went to sleep. Soon after I woke up and my vagina was on fire and the itching was unbearable. I couldn&#039;t go to sleep for hours and instead spent that time crying and screaming in pain. The next day was horrible. I had to stay home because my vagina was still burning and itching. It had swollen up so bad I could not even walk. I will NEVER go through this awful experience again."
"I have been taking Apri for about 3 or 4 years now, and I am not pregnant! So that in itself makes it a good pill. However, my periods are still fairly heavy and the cramps painful, and I suspect that the estrogen may have something to do with the migraines I experience, but I&#039;m not sure. "
"I had my first paragard IUD inserted yesterday. I have never had children, and insertion was painful but not unbearable. I had mine inserted while I was on my period, and I forgot to take any ibuprofen beforehand. There were three steps (opening the cervix, measuring, inserting the IUD) that all felt like quick, hot, fire pokers hitting my insides. It was a sharp, intense pain that lasted seconds. Driving home I had bad cramps. These lasted well into the night. I woke up this morning and the sharp pains were gone! I&#039;m still a little sore, but I think my body is adjusting well. I do not have any abnormal, heavy, bleeding. I&#039;m happy with my decision and I&#039;d say it&#039;s worth 10 years of birth control."
"So, I switched from Depo to Nexplanon simply so I didn&#039;t have to go to get a shot every 3 months. It saved me seem having to leave work and use vacation time. I&#039;ve been using Nexplanon for alost 5 months now, and in the beginning, I liked it, but now... it&#039;s a totally differentry story. I haven&#039;t had the majority of the side effects, but I&#039;ve had 2 that bother me the most: extreme breast tenderness and an increase in my acne. I hate it! I guess I&#039;m going to go back to Depo soon because I was on that for 8+ years and never had a problem until I switched to Nexplanon. It really sucks and I feel pretty hideous and disgusting. I had more confidence in myself on my last BC method."
"I was prescribed to take 300mg a day, along with stool softeners because this product is know to cause constipation. Thankfully I waited to take the stool softeners because I have been taking this medication for 6 days and have been glued to the toilet for 2 of them. I haven&#039;t noticed any positive effects from this medication. A full list of my side effects so far have been: feeling like I&#039;m going to throw up, my stomach gurgling a lot, painful gas, and very strong diarrhea (very watery about 4 times in the morning then 5/6 during the day time)."
"I was prescribed Cipro by my doctor for 5 days twice a day. (Every 12 hours) I had no side effects of the medication, however the medicine didn&#039;t clear any of my symptoms, but they made my symptoms worse."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine since I was 3 days old, I&#039;m now 18. I couldn&#039;t imagine what I would do without it. I have missed my pill for 3 days before and I became very tired, cold and sweat a lot. It wasn&#039;t a fun time. Hearing your stories about how you lived without it sounds scary! Other then having very bad sleeping problems, this medicine is great. Never lost any hair and have healthy fingernails, etc."
"I&#039;m 18, only had sex once and never been pregnant. I got this iud earlier today. They had me take cytotec (inserted vaginally last night) to help dilate the cervix which I think helped a lot, since when iIwent in today it almost didn&#039;t hurt at all! I also took 3 advil about an hour before the procedure. It only took a few minutes for the doctor to clean, measure and insert the iud. at worst it felt like minor menstrual cramps. Since then it&#039;s been a little achey, but again very mild; I&#039;ve had cramps much worse than this. had some spotting since the appointment, but that could also be the start of my period. overall it was such a relief how quick and painless it was, after having read scary reviews the night before. really glad I chose skyla"
"Best time to take it is some time in the morning so you do not have to go to the bathroom all night."
"58 year old with mild high blood pressure. I&#039;m in very good condition but was experiencing less than perfect erections. Viagra works very well for me. I typically cut a 100mg pill into 4 pieces and take a 25mg piece. It does work best on an empty stomach. For example, eat a normal lunch, come home from work at 5pm, take Viagra just before eating dinner - works for the rest of the evening. Seems to last longer than the stated 4 hours. For the absolute fastest results, for a little Saturday morning fun, take it right after waking up, wait 15 minutes (time to drink some coffee), and have at it."
"Hello everyone! So over winter break I gained a HUGE allergic reaction from an acne face wash that made me break out with acne ALL over my face. BIG CYSTIC  PIMPLES. Yeah, it was really bad. I was embarrassed, I didn&#039;t want my family to even see me. I was ashamed. My mother took me to the dermatologist that Friday and I was prescribed Solodyn. I got two weeks prescription for free. I had an amazing experience so far, its only been a week, exactly a week from today that I&#039;ve been on this medication.($35 for 3 months medication) I don&#039;t regret it at ALL. The only side effect it has had on me is tiredness after school. My acne has cleared about 90% if not more. I HIGHLY recommend this product to anyone with a very ugly acne break out."
"Just in my first week of taking Celexa 20 mg for depression and mood swings. I have had a terrible headache since I took the first dose, very nauseous, and this yawning - gagging thing is worrying me, but mood wise I can already tell a difference. I hope it continues to work well."
"My experience with Skyla has been rough. For the record, I&#039;ve never had kids and am fairly petite.The insertion process was, as most people have said, fairly painful. Maybe a 7 on a scale of 1 to 10. I took ibuprofen before the insertion, but my OBGyn accidentally clipped my cervix, which led to some bleeding. The cramps after the insertion got increasingly bad. I&#039;ve had ulcers, and I can say these cramps were the worst pain I have ever been in. These cramps have continued almost every day for the past 6 weeks, and have severely impacted my life. My last period lasted 12 days with heavy  and it&#039;s starting again 15 days later with terrible cramping. If you have another option (which I don&#039;t), I would not recommend this insertion."
"I have been on this pill for almost a month now. I don&#039;t really like it that much because of the side effects ive been having. Its also the first time that i have ever been on birth control. Im hoping that it will get better."
"I started taking Adipex on Thursday July 28th 2011 and today is Tuesday August 2, 2011 and I have lost 13 pounds. It does dry out my mouth very much but it is worth the weight loss because it makes me drink water so I stay hydrated. But I do also have a lot of energy and it carves my appetite. At first I didn&#039;t want to eat at all but now I do just not as much. "
"It helps with anxiety but actually causes depression for me. Plus, I&#039;ve gained weight, even when on a starvation type diet. I&#039;m slowing weening myself off, down to 2.5 mg a day, next  week I&#039;m stopping completely.  I just want to have a clear head, instead of feeling like a zombie."
"This is a great medicine for muscle spasm and neck/head pain. I tried flexoril but that made my knees feel wobbly but did not make me feel sleepy like the tizanadine, which I need because I have serious sleep disturbances. The tizanadine also is good for overall aches and pain for me. I take 2 mg at dinner then 6 mg at bedtime. If I wake up in the night I take another 4 mg. This is a high dosage but my doctor allows me 12 mg daily. I am thankful for this medication."
"Been having some Erectile Dysfunction problems on and off this year, noticeable since November 2014.  Decided to speak to GP about it.  Given Viagra, 50mg.  Taken as needed just to get things kick started again.  Took it last night.  Bit of flushing, a slight sorehead but have had worse, even had one glass of wine an hour later.  Action in bed - incredible.  Rock-hard, large, could last a long time, enjoyable.  Woke up again at 6 for round two - same again.  And then another round at 8:30am - same again.  12 hours later and if I get turned on, things are happening again. Seriously impressed and if it&#039;s got things kick started again, then it&#039;s well worth it."
"I am 5&#039;4 and need to lose about 30lbs.  I started Belviq about two weeks ago.  I have had no side effects and the results of reducing my hunger have been great.  The first week I lost nearly nothing but hopped on the scale this morning and I was nearly 5lbs down.  I do think it is somewhat of a mind game so you must pay attention to your diet.  For me the curbing the appetite was big since my problem with eating was never what I ate but more about how much I ate.  I am tracking my diet on an app and it seems to be motivating to continue....My concerns are when I get off, will I just gain it all back?"
"Hydroxyzine has worked great for my allergic reactions. I have been fighting these allergies for 8 years now. I have tried everything form Benedryl to prescription allergy medicines. Nothing has worked for me except the hydroxyzine. I have been taking it for 4 months now and have only had very mild if any skin irritations since I began taking it. The drowsiness has not affected me at all."
"This review is past due because I stopped taking Lo Loestrin a couple years ago due to job/insurance change and moving. But out of all the pills I&#039;ve tried, this one was actually one of the better ones I tried. PROS: NO periods, no cramps, no mood swings, all gone :D!!  I&#039;m a heavy bleeder with horrible cramps/pains. This completely got rid of it and it was SO nice. 
Weight gain! For some this is a huge con,  but I&#039;m a 5&#039;2 105lb stick figure girl and I&#039;ve always struggled with trying to gain a healthy weight. This added about 5-10lbs on and I was really happy about it. 
CONS: Acne :(  I never had bad acne until I started taking this. Also had no desire for sex, but I took it to fix my bad periods, not for dodging babies."
"I had a severe skin infection on the head of my penis which was horrible. It hurt to pee, move around, even walking was a challenge.  After trying to use a regular hand cream, that did not work, i paid a visit to the dermatologist.  I was then given several samples of Protopic. After about a week of following dosage and prescription my penis was healed and ready. I recommend this product to people who have been prescribed it and advise to use as directed."
"This pill made me have 2 full cycles each month. With lots of cramping. NOT an equivalent generic."
"Four weeks on Crestor 5mg dropped my total cholesterol level 100 points. LDL 81. Now I need to work on increasing HDL through diet and exercise. No side effects at the low strength. Very pleased with the results."
"Worked after three does, but that is when the headache started. No relief from headache with Tylenol or Motrin.  I&#039;m going to ask dr. For different drug. Also seemed to get chapped lips, dry hands, and did get low blood sugar accompanied by sweating on third day on this medicine. UTI seems to be cured though."
"I used chilled Suprep with berry flavored Propel water, lemon, &amp; ginger ale at 5pm.  I plugged my noise, chugged it down in about 2 mins, after taste of grape.  32oz of water in about 45 mins. Started working in about 25 mins/camped out on the toliet for 2 hours. Netflix, a blanket, socks, wipes and PreperationH. Slight nausea for about 45 mins, chills for about 1 1/2 hour. 
The 2nd does was at midnight. Same chugging routine with berry Propel/lemon/ginger ale. Much harder to get down, left a 1/4 of it in the cup. Instant nausea/dizzy which lasted until procedure. Doc recommended NO 32oz water after, helped with nausea, just sips of water. 2nd dose lasted 3 hours of going to the bathroom. 7am colonoscopy and totally cleaned out."
"I use Opana ER 20mg 3x day and Opana IR 10mg as need for breakthrough pain.  I can now function as a active dad with both my kids, playing baseball and softball.  Life is good!"
"Hi, I have suffered from CFS/ME for about 25yrs.  IBS-D started a short time after my viral infection.  I am also on antidpressants, muscle relaxants and pain killers.  I have been on loperimide, buscopan, and codiene phosphate with only temporary relief and my ibs-d could always override the drugs.My gut has become incredibly calm since taking 100mg of gaba in the morning and 100mg at night.  I am eating, in limited amounts, food that I couldnt eat prevoiusly without severe diarrhoea.  I was initially prescribed this drug for neuropathic pain and I am delighted to find it works for my gut too. I have read of other people with ibs improving since being on this med."
"I took this in 1961 as a test subject.  There was an article in Time magazine and they used the phrase: wringing out the wet.  Along with the decrease in what was then called idiopathic edema, I have a big decrease in bp, winding up with readings of 90/60, way too low for me.  I would get this &quot;strange&quot; feeling, have just enough time to go uh, oh, and then have to lay down, I felt as tho I would fall if I moved.  It had all the classic symptoms of a diabetic low, the dizziness, heavy sweating, overall malaise, physical weakness.  However, I was not a diabetic then, was slim with no sighs of pre diabetes.  I stopped using it.  Later I was told it was only used in the hospital for extreme cases of fluid retention.  Now I see it on this list."
"Buspar was the first medicine prescribed to me for anxiety. I started out taking 5mg three times per day, then the dosage was increased to 10mg twice per day, but I had to go back to the 5mg dosage because I got extremely lightheaded at higher dosages. At first it seemed to help, but over time I realized I was still very very anxious even with the medicines. "
"I began taking Cymbalta 30 mg on 07-07-16 due to moderately severe depression, anxiety and physical pain. Almost immediately I felt better in all aspects; however, severe chronic constipation also occurred. I took Miralax daily and still only had BMs every two to three days. Then about two to three weeks ago I started feeling angry as if I was backsliding. I was going to increase from 30 mg to 60 mg but my doctor wanted to prescribe a medication for idiopathic constipation, which mine wasn&#039;t. My last dose of Cymbalta was on 09/30/16 and I started taking Zoloft 50 mg again on 10/1/16.  I guess one can&#039;t have it all. Even taking Zoloft causes constipation but I take 20 billion probiotic twice daily and it moves things along regularly."
"I had my insertion May, 2011. I have 2 son&#039;s and don&#039;t want anymore and neither does my husband. It was a little painful think it was mostly in my head but I took Advil and was fine. Had it done on my lunch hour and went right back to work. I continued to bleed for about a week after that but I expected that. It is now February and I still bleed very lightly every month waiting for that no period but it hasn&#039;t happened yet but it&#039;s so light I&#039;m okay with that. I haven&#039;t gained any weight and no acne and no cramps. I would recommend this and have recommended this to everyone I know because I love it."
"I have had mild depression and anxiety on and off my whole life. I also have PMDD. Bi polar disorder and alcoholism runs in my family including my dad and his mother who were formally diagnosed between the ages of 35-45. My dad and best friend died tragically and suddenly as a direct result of his addiction last summer. I was already taking 100mg a day and my doctor increased my dosage to 200mg. This little pill has saved my life! Without it, I honestly don&#039;t think I would have been able to cope. I work a demanding full time job and also attend school on my days off. It has been tough, but thanks to this wonder in a bottle, I have been able to manage!"
"This is a good product since it also comes as a suppository.  The last thing I want in my stomach when it is nauseous is more medication."
"I love it! Worked wonders for skin and other people noticed that my skin is so smooth and clear !"
"So, the insertion process for those who haven&rsquo;t went through it was extremely painful for me. I passed out twice but and the pain lasted two weeks but right now it&rsquo;s all good. I do like the freedom it gives me to have sex with my boyfriend without a condom. However recently I haven&rsquo;t been able to lose weight. I go to the gym for about an hour and a half a day and yet the weight is sticking to me like glue. Also I&rsquo;ve gained 4 pounds since I got it (three weeks ago). I don&rsquo;t like the weight gain at all and if it continues I might get it removed. That was a big worry for me when talking to my doctor and even though the IUD is a great form of birth control I&rsquo;m on a weightloss journey and this is causing a lot of issues."
"I&#039;ve been on Trinessa for a month and half now and I love it. There are so many bad reviews out there, I was really scared to try it but I&#039;m so glad I did. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects except for sore breasts but it&#039;s not even bad. I don&#039;t feel the soreness unless I press on them. I was on Necon 7/7/7 for a month before Trinessa, but it made me break out horribly. Trinessa started to clear it up the first week. Now my skin is almost all clear. I don&#039;t have mood swings or headaches because of it. Birth control pills affect every woman differently so you should definitely try it before deciding it&#039;s no good."
"My mother smoked for over 50 years and was recently in hospital for pneumonia. She had to be put on the patch (21 mg) while in there. I am thrilled to say that it has been 16 days and she has not even thought about a cigarette. I say that is a miracle because she always had to have an extra pack of cigarettes so she would not run out! Thank you for a great product!"
"You WILL gain weight instantly on this pill.  I&#039;ve tried many BC pills and this is going in the trash.  Try LoLoestrin if your insurance covers it (mine doesn&#039;t which is why my Dr. tried this one) it&#039;s amazing but there&#039;s no  generic yet."
"Just started my 6th month of Xyrem and not sure it is doing anything except keeping me awake every other night, giving me the munchies, waking me up (if I slept) freezing and decreasing the effectiveness of my Adderall up to 60mg 2xday, was taking 1/2 that prior to starting.  1st 2 months complete exhaustion, facial pain, sinus pain and just miserable."
"I had stage 2 breast cancer in 2004 took tamoxifen for 5 years and was then moved to femara.  I have had significant bone and muscle pain; weight gain; severe hot flashes/night sweats; and brain fog, forgetfulness; however my 5 years of femara will end in June 2015 however I was under the impression that I would be taken off of this medication; however I have seen many post that show individuals on this medication for 8, 9 or more years.  I am not sure what my oncologist has in mind for me.  I was 46 when I found out and have had both breast removed and completed 5 months of chemo but I am still concerned to be without any medications for fear of my cancer returning."
"I have only been on Sprintec for a week so I hope my side effects subside by the next pack. I have been constantly nauseated, can barely eat and have begun to break out like crazy. I have also experienced heavy discharge (non yeast infection) and tiredness. I was on a higher estrogen dosage of birth control and never experienced these symptoms. The only positive is my sex drive has experienced a huge boost and I have lost some weight. Now if only I could go up a cup size."
"It makes a huge difference in my day! I hate having to take something everyday to stay awake and alert but better then living in the fog I was in the past 8 years of my life (6 of which I didn&#039;t even notice they were side effects of something bigger haha.) 

Things you may notice while taking Adderall with narcolepsy,
1.You are stop being a shut in
2. You actually start calling your friends to do something instead of getting harassed till you finally cave and do something.
3. You&#039;re better at work and all of a sudden care about your job.
4. You are grinding your jaw.
5. Stop grinding your jaw.
and finally 6. Work with your doctor for the right dosage! There will be a bit of dancing between cracked out and half asleep till you find it."
"Been on this for 3 weeka and sugars great now. Has side effects of tiredness, increased pulse and severe heartburn but all gone now. Lost 5kg first week but nothing since then. Absolutely gutted"
"I was given reglan about two months ago to subside the vomiting that came along with hyperemesis gravidarum from my pregnancy. While it fixed that issue, it gave me the worst depression. I don&#039;t want to leave my bed, shower, or take care of myself or anything else. I&#039;m letting go of this drug tomorrow."
"I wouldn&#039;t even rate this a one. I have been sobbing for the last 30 minutes until I finally gave in and texted my friend down the hall to help (I live in a college dorm). So painful get other medicine."
"I was very tearful when my doctor prescribed Lamictal because I had only been on SSRI medications in the past (they really messed me up and I was hospitalized). My doctor prescribed me Lamicatal at 25mg for 2 weeks, then 50mg for another 2 weeks, with maintenance at 100mg after that. I was tearful because I was terrified to relive what had happened before. Much to my surprise, Lamictal is what I consider my &#039;life saver&#039;. I feel my moods have been maintained and balanced since beginning this medication. I have not experienced any weight gain at all only headaches from time to time. My libido has actually increased and I read that this medication can affect the menstrual cycle (which it has for me. has made them lighter!). I love Lamictal !"
"Incredible medication. I don&#039;t wake up in a panic  anymore, whereas it was occurring almost daily before. The first few days for me were hell, but I just slept through the headache and nausea and dizziness and now it&#039;s one of the best things that&#039;s ever happened for me regarding my anxiety disorder and panic disorder. Reduced daily anxiety = less panic attacks. Lexapro is awesome."
"I am 20 and have had terrible skin since I was about 15. After taking the Yasmin pill as well as Duac cream from my doctor my skin is so clear and smooth! Everyone keeps saying to me OMG your skin is amazing! I would definitely recommend it it&#039;s been brilliant. Only side affect may be mood swings but even at that I&#039;m still not sure..."
"I am on the 0.6 dose so far and been on this for a week. I have not lost anything and I eat 1200 calories or less every day, drink water and walk every night.  I think this only works if you are extremely fat or cannot control your eating because nothing has changed for me at all.  I am 41 years old 5&#039;4 and 196 pounds and I tried the Belviq also with zero success.  This medicine does not work"
"I have been on Celexa for over 6 years now. For a long time, I have been on 20mg a day and I feel quite normal for the most part. I do not feel like crying and I do not feel suicidal every single day anymore BUT i do have episodes of that at least once a month, lasting for just several days. I cut down to 10mg for a year but I noticed that I had non-stop crying and sensitivity more often so I am not back on 20mg. I would not say that it makes me feel extremely happy but for the most part, I felt normal. I like that it did not make any changes to my weight and it did not lower my sex drive at all in comparison to other reviews on this medication. I do, however, noticed that my memory and focus is not as great as before I started Celexa."
"I began sweating as soon as I started college- probably from the mass amount of stress I&#039;m always under. Any who, this product is amazing. I literally would be sitting in a normal temperature room and sweat would just be streaming from my arm pits down the sides of my body. I started using this and from day 1, absolutely no sweat. Not even at the gym. It does sting a little bit, but as far as I&#039;m concerned, a little bit of stinging far outweighs the low self confidence, paranoia, and constant clamminess of my body. I 100% recommend this product to anyone."
"Little if any pain relief. Stomach aches, headaches, and lethargic."
"I have been on Effexor for awhile now I would guess three years. I don&#039;t know if it works or not, to be honest. The passed few years have not been normal by any means. I had a lower back fusion in 2009 but bounced back fast and continued my life. Missed a year though of baseball. Then while playing I broke my neck, yes my neck. That ended up also getting fused. My ill advised comeback resulted in three shoulder surgeries and a broken arm. I didn&#039;t handle my dreams of being crushed well. Super depressed that I was no longer an athlete. I have bad bad pain every day. I am married with two little kids and I became anxious every morning not knowing if I could play with my kids or not. still have bad anxiety and moderate depression."
"My experience was so bad that even though I only used the drops for four or five days. I thought maybe I was  just too sensitive! But it&#039;s been over THREE MONTHS SINCE I USED THEM and my lids feel like they stick together; I am unable to tolerate any light shining in the right one and must keep it patched all day, everyday! I HAVE NEVER EXPERIENCED SUCH HORRIBLE PAIN, HAVE LOST MY PERIPHERAL VISION IN THE RIGHT EYE, CAN&#039;T LOOK DOWN OR SIDE TO SIDE! I&#039;D RATHER KILL MYSELF THAN GO ON WITH THE PAIN AND LOSS OF VISION THIS STUFF HAS CAUSED!!!"
"I went to a orthopedic surgeon due to carpal tunnel in my left handed, which is my writing etc. hand. Doctor said surgery was the only way to go.  I started doing research on the computer adamant not to have surgery.  A doctor prescribed me tramadol 50 mg. Took for 3 weeks 1 x daily and ate pineapples daily along with zinc, garlic and muscle joint cream and within a month I am back to normal.  Its amazing what you can learn."
"I&#039;m 27 years old and have been on Yaz for a year.  Overall my periods were lighter and shorter, but Yaz has severely decreased my sex drive.  It also makes me feel emotionally flat. I&#039;m switching to another pill."
"Although cipram initially seemsd to help me over a bad patch ( divorce )  I  lost my ability to enjoy sex , achieve orgasm Previously enjoyed a happy active fulfilling and pleasurable sex life. When I was ready to date again and have new boyfriends this was frustrating and caused deeper unhappiness and sadness .. I&#039;m hoping my pleasure will return .. Wish I&#039;d never taken it !"
"I have had fibro, Depression, anxiety, chronic horrible pain. Cymbalta does nothing at all. I don&#039;t even know why I take it. If you stop it&#039;s worse than stopping anything else I have ever tried to except maybe Xanax. I am so happy for all you that it works for. Life is depressing and miserable. Pain meds were the only thing that has helped for pain but I have been on them so long I want to try something else. So sick of people who think pain meds cause the problem. Of course I am on a higher dose than someone who just started. It&#039;s been ten years. I wish cymbalta helped as much as you guys."
"Hello I&#039;m 42 years old. I always had trouble in school I quit at the end of ninth grade. Always had problems at work people always saw me as different. Never stayed at them for 2 years. I had also tried to go back to school and took GED test twice never passed the whole thing. Then I started a new job. I loved the work but my boss called me in to a room to talk to me. Said I was too passive. I fell apart could no longer do anything. My husband took me to my doctor. He tried different things, they did not work so then he put me on Adderall 20mg a day. He also put me on Zoloft 100mg at bedtime and he put me on Xanax. Saw improvement first day. Have been on them now since January 13th and I&#039;m getting better every week. I love it."
"I have had MS since 1996 - diagnosed at the age of 49. My MS is very mild compared to my older sister who was diagnosed around 1970 and needs assistance to walk. I have been on Betaseron for 14 years and other than initial flu-like symptoms, have tolerated it very well. However, the key to avoiding the symptoms is to keep Tylenol or some other pain relief medication in my system. In 14 years, I have only had 3 relapses, and Betaseron has slowed the progression of my MS and lessened the severity of relapses. The one side effect I am experiencing is injection site reactions that leave the area red, sore and over time have caused muscle atrophy in my arms and buttocks. Even so, I would still recommend Betaseron to anyone with relapsing-remitting MS."
"I have been taking Sprintec for 3 years now. It has worked really well for me. Before this I would get very moody, get menstrual migraines, have really bad cramps, and when I was 18 I started getting nauseous/sick every other month within the first couple of days of my period. Since taking Sprintec I feel my mood has greatly improved, I no longer get sick/nauseous, my cramps have become more than tolerable, and I noticed no increased acne or weight gain. I haven&#039;t experienced any of the yeast infection/urinary tract problems with this. However every girl will react differently to different birth controls. If it doesn&#039;t work for you, don&#039;t worry; just call your doctor and discuss some new options. Eventually you will find something that works for you."
"I went to a GI specialist last week, assuming I had some serious issues other than constipation. However, it was just that- chronic constipation. The doctor gave me samples of Linzess and I started it at 10am on an empty stomach. I had a bowl of oatmeal about half an hour later. Then, 20-30 minutes after I had eaten I had the urge to use the rest room and for the first time in years, without the help of several laxitives, I expelled. Three times within a two hour time frame. I don&#039;t mind the diarrhea, because it was much worse not being able to go. But it is scary knowing you have to pass gas and not knowing if you might accidentally crap yourself."
"I got Skyla inserted about two weeks ago, while I was on my period. It was difficult for the doctor to find my cervix which made the procedure VERY painful. The next couple days I had terrible cramps. Now all I&#039;m dealing with is light spotting and an occasional bad cramp. The spotting is very annoying though! If that goes away soon then it was definitely worth it."
"I have only had Nexplanon since December 2015 (about 3 months) and so far it&#039;s awesome.  Yesterday my back started hurting like crazy and I felt completely off.  I became insanely bloated and had terrible cramps.  Sure enough an hour later, I started my period and overnight the bleeding stopped and everything was over.  It was an absolutely miserable 12 hour period, but if it only comes every 3 months for 12 hours, I&#039;ll take it! No weight gain (definitely a little bit of increased appetite but I refuse to give in to my appetite and I haven&#039;t gained anything.) My Melasma caused by Seasonique is GONE! (Primary reason for choosing Nexplanon) No depression or mood swings.  From what I read it seems everyone&#039;s experience has been different."
"I love this birth control! For years I have suffered from horrible bleeding, menstrual cramps that kept me in bed for a day or two and sometimes  vomiting. I have been on Lo Loestrin for 4 months. I get no period and no cramps. I wish I would have tried it sooner. I did spot for two months but just a tiny bit. The downfall is its very expensive. Luckily my Dr. gave a year of samples. I am over 40 and actually do nothing getting my period for the first time ever."
"This is the only drug that has worked for me -- and I have tried em all! Really. 
All. Of. Them. 
I have both plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. The side effects were minimal in relation to the relief I received. About 50 percent cleared on scalp-- 100 percent cleared every where else on my body. 100 percent relief with arthritis pain."
"I have been type 2 diabetic for 20 years- tried the diet and exercise then the metformins (never helped) went on lantus insulin and a1c gradually just kept going up and was up to 70 units of insulin and janumet 2x daily. Dr said to either try invokana or insulin shots multiple times a day. Gave it a try- the most horrible yeast infections ever but lost 6lbs in 10 days - decided to stick with it and now almost a year later lost 35 lbs and feel great and a1c is down to 6 and I dropped my insulin down to 25 units! I love this drug! I stuck through the yeast infections and now that the sugar levels is down- I don&#039;t get the infections as often! I am thinner than I was in high school!"
"Have been using for over two years after several episodes of prednisone. Have been almost completely free of symptoms and have no obvious side effects. I only use the bathroom once a day and stools are generally well formed. No diarrhea at all. Can eat and drink normally (including roughage)  but did have some pain after eating too much corn on the cob."
"Well,

Had an interaction with celexa and caused ocular migraines. Scared the hell out of me I though I had a stroke or brain aneurysm. Complete blindness in my right eye, that thank god came back gradually over a week. And when it did on bits of the ocular field would come in all statically. Trial and error, I tried it off and on twice over a month with the exact same out come."
"I began Tamiflu on my second day of fever. Vomiting/nauseous within an hour of taking it. Keep at it for 3 more doses then this morning didn&#039;t take any. I&#039;ll consider the vaccine next year! Other products you can return for a refund if dissatisfied. Wonder how that would go over?"
"This medicine definitely works!! Lost 5 pounds in the first 5 days even with cheat meals! No constipation like most had but I don&#039;t eat gluten. The only reason for a 9 is because it caused some anxiety and mood swings but I have bipolar disorder and depression anyways."
"I&#039;m 18, and had a lumbar puncture done on 12/29. I&#039;ve had a severe migraine ever since, so on Tuesday children&#039;s hospital told my mom to take me to the ER.
Once there, they gave me this and let me tell you, from someone who suffers from terrible panic attacks, this was genuinely one of the worst ones I&#039;ve ever had. Ten minutes in I started feeling restless and starting moving and moving because I literally wanted to rip the IV out of my arm and run out. I got up and I started sobbing and I felt like I was going to die. I really wanted to just rip the IV out and I was terrified that I was going to. Mom had to call a nurse and they gave me Benadryl &amp; that knocked me out, a day later though my severe migraine is back. Not worth it guys. Nope."
"I would give this medicine 20 stars if I could. Finally a time release version of hydrocodone without any acetaminophen. I have been taking Norco 10/325 for a little over a year and it was starting to have little to no effect for my chronic back pain. I was always in constant fear about getting jumped up to oxycodone due to the Norcos not working anymore but then Zohydro comes along and changes the game! No side effects whatsoever for me and I&#039;m getting a good 12 hrs of pain relief per dose! Another positive note is that I&#039;m only taking 2 pills per day rather than taking 4-5 Norcos, and with the absence of acetaminophen I don&#039;t have to worry about damage to my liver anymore. THANK YOU ZO-HYDRO!"
"I started my periods at about 12 and it was hell : heavy, painful, unpredictable. Started this pill at about 14 and it was a  godsend (so to speak...). A couple of years on, new GP didn&#039;t check my age before seeing me and upped my prescription to a stronger pill. Period was late, painful and strangely coloured, acne started acting up and I was emotional. I went back and begged (crying...) another GP to put me back on loestrin. She was mystified as to why it was changed in the first place. Everything immediately went back to normal. I&#039;m still on it now, 4 years later and have not encountered any side-effects."
"I have been on the lowest dose of Trulicity for 1.5 weeks and I am IMPRESSED. I have had ZERO side effects, and my blood sugar started decreasing within 2 days! I went from from a fasting bs of 267 to 166 in 2 days. It has been 9 days since my first dose and today my fasting bs was 109. This is amazing. However, I am concerned about the fact that it caused thyroid cancer in mice! Therefore, I do not intend on taking this long term. I will be trying a natural alternative (berberine) once my Trulicity pens are used up to see if it works just as well."
"I&#039;m 57 years old and I&#039;ve been a diabetic for over 20 years and it has gotten harder to maintain an erection. I tried Staxyn a few nights ago and was very happy with the results. For me it worked better than Viagra, Cialis and I&#039;ve even tried injectables. Those were very expensive and not comfortable."
"I have been breaking out terribly since as long as I can remember. The amount of medications and creams I have been prescribed are not even countable. My dermatologist prescribed me epiduo after I changed insurance companies and I figured the stuff would work because of the price. It took a couple months before it really started to work but my skin is so clear. During those few first months I hated the stuff because I broke out even more and my skin was dry, but I kept using it because the doctor said with epiduo, your skin does get worse before it gets better. I love my skin now and I highly recommend it!"
"I used this for my last herniated disk issue.  I had a sequestered herniated L5 L4 issue and suffered from nerve pain down my left leg and drop foot.  Pain Medications (e.g. 10mg Percocet 3-4 times daily) did nothing for my leg pain though helped my back.
Lyrica at 150mg twice daily did the trick for my leg nerve pain. The sciatica makes your leg kill while you know nothings wrong with it, so with Lyrica I was amazed to have the leg pain just disappear. No side effects. Sciatica went away by itself after 3 months so no need for Lyrica anymore."
"I have taken 3-4 semi-effective anti-inflammatory medications in the past. Some made me nauseous and dizzy, but Enbrel is the first to make me feel 99% normal. My energy level is much higher than it was. I don&#039;t walk around like an old man any more (I&#039;m a 37 year old female) and I can do yoga, aerobics, etc. 
The only side-effect I have noticed is about 10lbs weight gain over the past year, but I am going to work on more exercise/less evening snacking and see if that can keep it in check. At least now I have the energy to exercise when I need to. Before it was too daunting."
"Within 3 days of a 5 mg dose my husband was a different person with a zest for life and stopping his &#039;shuffle&#039; walk to a brisk walking pace.  His mind is clear to tackle his Income Tax Return though his short term memory is still impaired but we can live with that."
"I&#039;m 20 years old. I&#039;ve been taking Sprintec for a year and a half and have no complaints. It was my first birth control med. Lighter and shorter periods, no pregnancies, bigger breasts and no beginning side effects for me. Insurance now covers for it!"
"I am 59, non smoker, confirmed NSCLC. Found EGFR mutation gene, prescribed Tarceva. Skin rash and fatigue started within a week, and continue to worsen. Have to stop after a month. I feel the drug is making me sick and causes a lot of pain, and lower quality of life."
"After the timing of using this medication is adjusted correctly (activation time for myself takes 2 hours for peak performance), it has helped allow me to sleep, and to take away the pain caused by nerve damage. Though it was not meant for it, it has also helped with chronic back pain, and pain in my hands. A fairly effective drug. Please understand that my use of this drug is not related to seizures, and so I cannot comment on it&#039;s effectiveness in that particular field."
"I was hesitant to get the arm implant because of negative reviews on here, but decided to try it anyway. I couldn&#039;t have had a better experience. Insertion was fast and the only thing I felt was the numbing shot- nothing else. I experienced absolutely no negative side effects, not once having headache or nausea or anything. For a month or two I continued to get my period but it was only light spotting. After deciding to invest in liners, my periods stopped altogether. I haven&#039;t bled at all in months and it&#039;s been great. If you are seeking long term, zero maintenance, highly effective birth control, I highly recommend giving this a try. Everyone&#039;s body is different and there is no way to know how you specifically will react to it."
"I have always had an uncontrollable cough when I got a cold. 
A few years ago, I got a bad cold and ended up in the emergency room because I couldn&#039;t get any sleep for days because of the coughing. Surprisingly, they gave me Vicodin. And it WORKED!
I am 63 years old and I am so angry that I have suffered for years and years with a spastic cough. I could drink bottles of cough syrup and the only thing that would happen is that I would be loopy, but still coughing. I only take a Vicodin at night to sleep. I do not ever want to lose the calming effect by taking more than I need."
"I was diagnosed with pre-diabetes and obesity. I&#039;ve been on Victoza for 5 weeks. Went to full dose of 1.8 after 1 week. The first two days after starting the initial dose I felt bloated and sick to my stomach but that went away quickly. I feel full all the time and have to remind myself to take in some nutrition. I can drink fluids easily. I have lost 13 pounds. The weather has been horrible and I have had little exercise at all other than minor snow shoveling. I can&#039;t wait to start walking outside and get this weight loss thing moving even more!"
"Started taking this about a month ago to level out my moods. I noticed difficulty focusing at first but it stopped. I&#039;m also having tingling hands, feet, and face occasionally but with the way this medicine works it&#039;s worth it. Since I&#039;ve been on it I&#039;m like a new person, this medicine is a God send. Try it."
"I was prescribed Roxicet 5-325 for pain relief after major abdominal surgery and I have to say this was amazing! I&#039;ve never had such complete relief from any medication before.  One tablet every 4 to 6 hours kept me completely comfortable. It made me a little sleepy, but that was fine given that I was recuperating from surgery.  It would probably not be suitable for me to take while working.  The only real side effect I experienced was a little nausea, which I learned to minimize by taking it with food.  Overall, the most effective pain medication I&#039;ve ever used."
"I was on Beyaz for one month and had to switch. It made me tired and nauseous. It gave me the WORST headaches. They would last all day and Advil did not take the pain away. Maybe if I waited the whole 3 months, it would&#039;ve straightened out but I just couldn&#039;t deal with the awful headaches. But like everyone says, everyone&#039;s body is different. Only pro: my mild acne seemed to clear up."
"All I can say is that stadol is AMAZING! I felt like I was floating on clouds and when the pain did come back I didn&#039;t care.. I could feel the pain but it was like I was disconnected from it somehow? After I had my son I asked what they had given me cause I had never felt like that before with my other babies. So if they offer it to you take it....it works!!! I couldn&#039;t imagine how these people are able to function if they take it for migraines??"
"I&#039;ve been on Tri Sprintec for 3 months now and noticed sickness and nausea the first week of taking these pills. Then it got better but I still feel a little sick sometimes in the morning. I never had bad acne but I did notice it getting better after taking these pills. I noticed I went from barely a 32 C cup to a full 34 C.  During my period my breasts get slightly smaller then go back to normal when its over. I used to have a 6-12 day period, now it only lasts 4 days. I am 122 pounds and I maybe gained 4 pounds when taking these pills. I&#039;m 18 and these are the first pills I tried but I will be getting on another kind of birth control in a few months to have less side effects. Otherwise its pretty good."
"I have been dealing with psoriasis for over 25 years.  I have tried many creams, etc., and I have had some success with Enbrel.  25 years means I have multiple issues (skin, nails, scalp, ears, genitals).  I injected Humira three days ago, and I see a difference.  Many areas of my skin have gotten clearer.  

I have read other reviews, but I believe it is like many medicines like this.  Some work very well for certain people, but is almost harmful for others.  I believe anti-depressants work like this.  Some work well for some patients, but others need something different.  Regardless, it is a struggle.  Good luck to everyone finding something that works, at least somewhat."
"Cimzia didn&#039;t take care of the diarrhea associated with Crohn&#039;s Disease, but it did allow me to live flare free for over three years."
"I do not recommend this product. After four months of using this as BC, I became pregnant. Unfortunately the pregnancy resulted in a miscarriage. The Skyla was still in the proper place when I became pregnant."
"When I originally took Microgestin 1/20 by Watson, it was amazing (particularly after the first couple of months of taking when my body got use to it). My breasts went up a cup size &amp; there were little to no side effects. Lighter periods. No pregnancy. WIN!

THEN after almost two years, a dark cloud called Actavis became the new manufacturer and shattered my love for Microgestin. Something changed in the formula because I was suddenly sick during the first week of each new pack to the point that I&#039;d throw up at times. Random cramping. Gained about a pd a week - not a deal breaker but still sucks. HEAVY exhausting 2-3 day periods. Two side effects worsened over time: melasma and mood swings. Needless to say, it&#039;s goodbye time. Beware!"
"Hi! So I went to the doctor after 10 days of a terrible UTI. Baking soda, AZO and the generic version, cranberry tablets and juice, lots of water, applied heat and NOTHING helped. My doctor started me on Bactria DS which after 7 days of taking this we discovered I was allergic to the antibiotic so for that week it wasn&#039;t helping. My body was rejecting it. I was constipated for 2 weeks, throwing up and broke out with a chest rash. My UTI felt like it was getting worse and like it would never end. I got a culture done at the doctors my second visit and I was put on Cirpofloaxin for 10 days. After the 2nd pill I felt immediate relief. I&#039;m still taking them but on day 4 it was completely gone. $4 later, Im better! :)"
"I suffer from chronic constipation and after seeing my GP I was prescribed dulcolax. This medicine is as &quot;gentle&quot; as a hammer to the face. I took two tablets at around 2am and drunk quite a lot of water. 
I went to bed, no hot flashes, no nausea or headaches. I had very mild cramps and within an hour, I had my first BM after days. I thought that was it and went to sleep. Little did I know that at 10am I&#039;d be woke to explosive diarrhoea. Luckily, there wasn&#039;t much pain.
Tomorrow, I will adjust the dose and take one tablet."
"I have had the IUD Mirena for almost a year.  I wanted a no thought birth control and the thought of no periods was very appealing.  However, after the insertion I had the worst cramps ever. They were so intense I was practically bed ridden for the first month and the horrifying pain continued for at least 3 months after.  I was unemployed and thank God for that because I never would have made it through a day.  I have never given birth but I would imagine it was like labor pains...not your typical period cramp...and it was all day every day.  The cramping has gotten better and I have very light bleeding but I now have bad acne and no sex drive.  I think  also have gained weight (not much, maybe 10lbs).  "
"I have been on Byetta for 10 days and have had excessive diarrhea.  I take the medicine. I&#039;ll wait an hour, I&#039;ll eat, and then I have unending diarrhea until the next meal.  I have lost weight, I can tell. I don&#039;t know if this is worth it."
"25 no kids. 18 months with Skyla now. Insertion NOT too painful. Spotting for 3 weeks. Abnormal discharge (never had in my LIFE) for over a YEAR now. Wasting so much $$$ on DR visits. No sex drive because of discharge side effects. Really bad period cramps (never had before) 8-9 day light light bleeding (also never had a period that long before). Didn&#039;t know that one of the side effects was dandruff (also NEVER had ever in my life) it&#039;s embarrassing! Love the effectiveness but HATE the side effects. I&#039;ve had enough. Getting it removed asap."
"Been having cold like symptoms. Running nose, sneezing, stomach pain, constipation, heart beating too fast. I&#039;ve been taken only 4 days but stopped today. Side effects are too much and they&#039;re making me miserable."
"I&#039;ve always had a few pimples here and there but this year my skin FREAKED OUT. I started getting cystic acne on my cheeks and I begged my mom to take me to the dermatlogist. Initially he prescribed Atralin which didn&#039;t help. It burned my skin and I would cry because it hurt so bad. I used it for maybe a month until things got worse. I started taking birth control around this time too and that also was a terrible experience. I got huge whiteheads on my chin everyday in clusters. I was so depressed. I would cry all the time and I hated looking in the mirror. Finally I went back and my derm said to try Epiduo and my skin looks amazing! I also take birth control and Spiro and I think the combination is perfection! Time is key."
"I suffer from severe social and general anxiety. Started on lexapro about a month ago. Took 10mg daily for 3 and 1/2 weeks with little results. I would always check these reviews because I saw how much it had changed many people&#039;s lives so I was trying to stay optimistic. side affects were tough the first week but went away quickly. Not much help with anxiety, all I really noticed was a &quot;cloudy headed&quot; feeling all day. Don&#039;t give up taking it though! This drug does wonders for many people."
"I am 22 year old, African-American female. I have been using Gildess as a substitute for Tarina and I have not experienced any adverse affects. 

My periods used to be quite heavy and lasting around 5-6 days. I used to completely soak over-night pads and had to change frequently. Now, my periods are so light! They only last about 4 days and I find myself only needing to wear a couple of regular tampons through out the day. It;s great!

My skin is clear, have not had any breakouts and I experience no mood swings.

The ONLY problem is---my sex drive is extremely low at times. So that sucks. :/ But for me, the goods outweigh the bads.

Gildess is successful at preventing pregnancy."
"It is my 1 st  medication since diagnosed in 3/13. Just had my 14 month check up MRI, No new lesions. It is hard to adjust to for some people, but if you stick it out by month 3 it starts to get better."
"I received Zometa IV on 9/26/17, after being informed of all the possible side effects. Although I was somewhat concerned, I was pleasantly surprised when 2 days later I have experienced nothing worse that a little more joint pain than usual when line dancing last evening.  Hopefully, this medication will improve my bone density, or at least keep it stable."
"After the initial phase I got very sick and my psoriasis has not improved at all.
Runny nose ( like really bad) chills, hives, plenty of pimples everywhere and really tired . Hair Follicles infected. Bad medication"
"I take a whole host of medication for high blood pressure  - and some narrowing of arteries (as determined by an angiogram). I also cycle quite a lot - 50-100 miles/week.

I found that when I took the isosorbide mononitrate, I would get very much out of breath and it would make me very weak. I effectively stopped taken them over time and feel much better with no symptoms of angina"
"Honestly this is the best birth control ever and I had heavy periods and cramps but heavy bleeding can come from having low iron. I had it for 9 months and I forget I have it sometimes the first few periods are heavy but who cares. I&#039;ll recommend this to anyone"
"It didn&#039;t work for me, I was on 40mg initially to start, and it wasn&#039;t helping, I could feel myself slipping into a worse depression, so the doctor upped it 60 mg. I then started breaking out in hives which itched so bad I would scratch them open (now have scars). Although even at 60, it still wasn&#039;t working for me. Off to find another substitute for seroquel (that&#039;s not working anymore either). I hope it helps other though, it just didn&#039;t work for me."
"Dropped total number down 86 points teamed only with red yeast rice supplements.  10 mg per day with dinner.  I live in Phienix so can&#039;t tell if Zetia causing sweat or Phx heat but it has worked great.  Very active life and no known side effects.  Mail prescription plan costs 40.00 for 90 days."
"I have been receiving Euflexa injections in my right knee after torn meniscus surgery every six months for two years with excellent results. I was walking two miles a day until I injured my left knee in a fall in November. I&#039;m recuperating from torn meniscus surgery two weeks ago and will begin receiving Euflexa injections in that knee, too, in six months."
"After college I was diagnosed with Grave&#039;s disease and they did the radioactive iodine treatment on me which completely killed my thyroid. I used to be super skinny and could eat all the time. Now I&#039;m not one of those people who ever got big my max weight after treatment was 147lbs, which for 5&quot;4 still wasn&#039;t &quot;big&quot;. I however was spending 2 hours working out 5 days a week and basically living on protein shakes so I should have definitely been a lot thinner. Before the treatment I was 123lbs and to bloom up to 147lbs in a matter of 4 years. I was on Synthroid for 6 years and never felt normal. I tried Naturoid for 6 months still nothing. My new doctor put me on Armour and I couldn&#039;t be happier. I have my energy back and am down to 130lbs."
"I was put on this medication after my insurance company stopped covering another PPI that worked well for me. I lasted one month and spent most of it popping ranitadine since anything I ate or drank caused almost immediate heartburn. By the end of the month I was vomiting. It was awful. I hated to be a pain but I called my PCP and told them I needed to go back on my previous med, which of course involved a lot of paperwork on his part. I have a friend that swears by this medication but mostly all I did was swear during the month I took it."
"I take a combo of Dyazide and Tenormin daily. Have been doing so for more than 30 years (80 now). I find thiis combo works very well for me. I have always had a high pulse rate and a high diastolic pressure. They have been excellently regulated with this combo."
"I&#039;ve been on Junel Fe 24 going on 3 months and I can&#039;t wait to go off of it. I have very painful periods and I wanted to go back on birth control after being off for 2 years (previously on Lo Loestrin and it was great). My first couple weeks taking it I was nauseous on and off. I had my first period during the iron pills like I should, but then I had it again 2 weeks later for over a week. During my periods I  had a few days of cramping but not as bad as I had before (the only good part). I&#039;m 24 yo and my sex drive is nonexistent, that&#039;s the main reason I need to switch. I&#039;m also get very sad and emotional over nothing. I tried to give it a chance and tough it out hoping it would get better but it&#039;s not. I&#039;m switching asap."
"I am 65 years old and have smoked since I was 16, I&#039;ve been on the patch for two weeks. I have cravings daily but jeeez I smoked 49 years. I am committed to quit smoking and have no intentions failing. The cravings I have are easy to work through, I find something to occupy my mind for a few minutes. My plan is to use the patch for one month and after that my Dr. and I have worked it out for me to go on Chantix for however long necessary. I have also cut back on my consumption of beer and coffee and at has helped a lot. Good luck to all and stay strong."
"Yes - dalmane is very effective at putting and keeping you asleep.  I was prescribed it for four years before the dangers were known. By blocking neuron transmissions, mine were not communicating next day. I had a career that required thought, concentration and problem solving. I no longer could do any of that.  My professional, domestic social and economic life fell apart insidiously over that time. I became agoraphobic and withdrawn, dependent on others who told me what to do.  Recovery of my own mind took well over five years, many of them in a spin. I had been made very very ill indeed"
"I started taking this birth control 2 months ago and it has been the WORST experience for me. The crazy mood swings that I developed while on this medication made a huge impact on the way I treated my boyfriend and my family. I broke up with my boyfriend twice over ridiculous reasons because my emotions were so crazy! Also my acne on my face has never been worse. I never break out when NOT on birth control and all of the sudden while on this I have severe acne. I didn&#039;t even finish my last week of my 2nd month. I told my boyfriend I would rather use condoms and/or not have sex right now then feel like this. I haven&#039;t had a pill in 3 days, my face is already clear and my mood seems to be leveling out. I would NOT recommend."
"I am using this medicine for Peripheral Neuropathy (caused by Velcade) and it was marvelous for me. It stopped the feelings of stabbing pins and needles straight away in my hands and feet. I am taking 100mg 3 times a day and have only been taking it for a week."
"I&#039;ve read a lot of comments about the Implanon and have noticed a few negative reviews. This is unfortunate as I am now on my second Implanon and have never been happier. I&#039;m not saying the Implanon is for everyone, but how will you know until you try it for yourself? Don&#039;t be scared by the negative reviews. If the Implanon isn&#039;t for you, its easy to have it removed and symptoms are taken with it. When I first got the Implanon I had irregular periods for a couple of months but eventually they formed a pattern and I got them every 6 weeks. Since I have had my second Implanon I haven&#039;t had a period at all. The chances of falling pregnant on the Implanon are very slim but I rely on the occasional pregnancy test just to make sure. "
"I&#039;ve had migraines (several types and causes) for about 22 years.  I&#039;ve tried about every other triptan and preventive medication that&#039;s out there. Relpax works the best, by far. I have little side-effects, other than it makes me a little tired. But I&#039;d rather have that than a debilitating migraine for days.  It works in about 30 minutes and you can totally function well on it. The only reason I give it a 9 is because it&#039;s expensive. With Insurance I pay $30 for 6 pills.  And half the time insurance won&#039;t cover it which makes it about $220 for 6 to 8 pills.  But if you can afford it, it&#039;s definitely worth the money to live a normal life again!"
"I was given this for pleurisy and got relief from the pain every time I took a breath after about 12 hours.  Saved my holiday celebration!  I also noticed an almost immediate relief of some severe sciatica pain I had been experiencing for over a week now.  The side-effect list is scary but I&#039;ll continue the treatment until the pills are gone.  I&#039;m liking it just fine for now."
"I see people stating their bad experience with this drug, but more people should share their positive experience.  I was originally prescribed Amlodipine. Number 1 - it didn&#039;t work. Number 2 - side effects were horrible - chest pain, tinnitus, you name it - made me feel horrible.  After 2 months I asked the doctor to be switched to Lisinopril HCTZ 10, 12.5.  After only the first pill, my blood pressure was totally normal, for the most part sticks right around 120/80.  And I feel so so much better.  I&#039;ve been taking this for over 2 months now - love my blood pressure readings and definitely no side effects.  It is so nice to feel normal again. As my blood pressure tended to spike early AM I take this at 9 pm every night - works best for me."
"My Boyfriend and I had unprotected sex on February 3 I took the pill the next day ( 14 hours in between unprotected sex) he said that he didn&#039;t cum but I didn&#039;t want to become pregnant due to precum or maybe he said that because he didn&#039;t want to scare me. I got most of the side effects : nausea, cramping, headaches and fatigue . I was suppose to get my period February 10 so I waiting feeling the side effects all through out that week I got my period 3 days late and Yes Plan B can make your period late but if you don&#039;t have spotting or your period within 3 weeks its recommended to take a test. Don&#039;t over stress yourself it does work... just remember to use a condom next time or check the expiring date on the condom."
"I have suffered acne only around my chin since I was 18years old. Now I am 28 yrs and I finally feel that I&#039;ve found my savior for acne. I am pretty cynical at the best of times. So when my doctor prescribed me Epiduo I was assuming that it would be another cream that didn&#039;t work. But after spending so much money on beauticians and expensive brands. I was desperate. So I committed to using Ediduo after I cleansed every night, and after a month almost all my acne has cleared!!. I am so amazed by the results. I still have scarring that I hope fades over time. But I can not put into words how happy I am. You shouldn&#039;t use too much like half a pea size is plenty, gently rubbed into clean DRY skin. And use a gentle cleanser/moisterising routine."
"I&#039;m 17 years old. I started taking this last year and it helps for sure with focus.  The main side effect issue I have with it is that I can&#039;t eat as much.  I play football and I try to gain weight so this was pretty frustrating.  But if you&#039;re not worried about your appetite then it&#039;s perfect."
"Like so many other reviewers, citalopram worked well for several months (actually a year and a half, in my case) but eventually the honeymoon ended and my debilitating anxiety and depression came back with a vengeance. The doctor put me on Lamictal, but I think it&#039;s more or less useless, and it makes me feel dizzy. "
"I started taking this and after a few weeks my Rosacea was clearer but had to stop because of UNBEARABLE joint pain. Doctor put me on a lower dose of doxycycline and so far so good."
"Will never take these again.  What is gentle about this drug anyway? After hours of horrible cramps and cold sweats and an excruciatingly painful BM the rest of this stuff is going in the trash."
"I have been using vaniqa for about 9 weeks now I can say this cream is absolutely life changing it has faded my dark patches I used to shave twice a day now I&#039;m plucking out the odd few hair it&#039;s boosted back my confidence"
"Hi, my last post was 6/18. Just another follow up been on victoza since 3/6. I went for a check up today and I&#039;m down another 6lbs that makes a total of 51lbs since the the being. Still no side effects and eating lots of veggies, fruits and chicken.  Still looking forward to the future and feeling a whole lot better."
"I&#039;m 42 years old I was given generic birth control for yaz not to prevent pregnancy but to help me with my hotflashes and irregular periods. I was on for 1 year &amp; 1/2 years and I notice I was developing muscle leg cramping , red spider veins on my legs. I read how it could be dangerous if you develop blood clot because of birthcontrol I discontinue the use but now I&#039;m back of hotflashes no leg cramping but hotflashing
Are very uncomfortable I get moody any one knows what I can use to help me with hotflashes ..please help"
"This is the first real diet medicine I&#039;ve taken and I lost 60 pounds in about 8 months."
"I have been on ortho tri cyclen LO since I was 15 I am now 21 . I recently tried out the regular ortho tri cyclen the past month (I know they say it takes about 3 months to fully kick in) but WORST experience I can&#039;t even last more than a month on this . I&#039;m going back on the LO. The amount of water weight I am retaining is INSANE my feet look like sausages . I&#039;m a solid 125 and vigorous gym junkie and I am 132 pounds now and feel like I constantly have a pregnant belly. I go into full mood swings non stop and in general just feel disgusting about myself. my skin is usually clear and I keep getting bad breakouts on my face and shoulders . very nauseous at night as well all the time ."
"I was on phentermine several years ago but didn&#039;t really try to change my eating habits and so it didn&#039;t work. I decided to try it again because I just keep piling on the weight and am slowly killing myself. I&#039;ve been on it 3 days now and have already lost 8.4 pounds! I know it&#039;s mostly water weight right now but seeing that scale move so quickly is such a big motivator. My starting weight was 443.8 and now I&#039;m 435.4. I eat between 1200-2000 calories per day. I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;m eating less each day though and it helps take away the cravings so I can make smart decisions about what to eat. I am also watching my carbs and sugar intake. Only side effect I&#039;ve had is mild dry mouth and not feeling sleepy during the day like I normally do."
"4 weeks on Cymbalta at 60mg. I came off because they made me feel ill, and I am used to medication as I have tried a few. I spent 3 years on a high dose of Citalopram and never went through anything like I have done with coming off Cymbalta. My GP decided to slowly taper me off and this is when hell started.  Never on any medication that I have taken have the withdrawals been as bad. I have constant nausea, have been sick, stomach aches and pains, diarrhea, dizziness, leg ache, restless sleep, bad dreams, chills, and now my anxiety is back!  I am crying on/off and having panic attacks. It&#039;s just awful.
"
"This is the first regular medicine I started to take -it did get my blood pressure down-no side effects that I noticed but now a couple of years into it my pulse/heart rate has perhaps become too low (48). I am on the lowest prescribed dose and may have to stop or change. My main source of stress (teen) has left so maybe I don&#039;t need it anymore."
"I was on this pill for 2 1/2 weeks and quit. I felt normal the first 2 weeks but once I started the third week my mood completely changed. I argued with my boyfriend for 3 days in a row over little things, and I knew it was the pill. Also, I&#039;ve been eating so much more the past two weeks and I&#039;m so scared to weigh myself because I know I&#039;ve gained weight (also because of the pill). Lastly, I have very very clear skin; I breakout once a month, if that. However, my last week on the pill I broke out terribly. I have a painful zit on my left side of my forehead, 2 small pimples on the right side, and 2 small pimples on my left cheek. I never get pimples on my cheeks!!! This pill is horrible!!!"
"A very effective pain medicine that you don&#039;t feel you have to go reaching for it all the time to get relief. I mean you can strictly adhere and take this responsibly per doctors directions. Not many pharmacies carry it, if at all so you will have to order it. That means bringing in your prescription to order it. It may take awhile but it is worth it, for severe pain. Just stick with a good oxycodone for other types of pain. This Levo-Dromoran lasts awhile and too much can cause respiratory depression."
"I started taking Pristiq since I was having anxiety, slight depression and mild panic attacks in my job (I&#039;m in sales). I was taking Lexapro on and off for a couple of years, but felt it wasn&#039;t working anymore, so my doctor recommended Pristiq. I am 3 days in and feel great! I&#039;ve experienced slight nausea (but food helps), decreased appetite, dry mouth and slight jaw clenching. Also my first two days, a couple of hours after I took it (which has been in the morning), I would feel extremely tired. But I would snap out of it and feel great. Overall, I feel happy, calm and focused. I hope to only be on Pristiq for short term, but while I am going through this difficult time in life it will be my miracle. "
"I was diagnosed with allergy induced sinus infection.  I also had really itchy ears and skin patches.  The loratadine helped these problems but cause really serious CNS side effects.  My PB was elevated by 30 points (154/93) with heart rate at 68.  I was in a full body shake early in the morning of the 4 day of treatment.  I also experienced serious anxiety and depression problems.  I stopped taking the meds and the symptoms gradually subsided through the day.  Not a good choice for me."
"My Psychiatrist put me in 50mg Pristiq for compulsive, regular binge eating and anxiety/depression.  The first week I was on it, my anxiety-ridden thoughts about food changed completely and I lost interest in binge eating, so I have lost a few pounds so far.  I was extremely happy, with virtually no anxiety.  I am now on week 2, and the anxiety is starting to creep back in and I&#039;m not quite as happy, so I will be discussing increasing my dosage with my doctor.  The loss of interest in food has persisted.  Overall, I think this medication is great and I plan to stay on it."
"Awful patch waste of money! They should be embarrassed to sell a patch that doesn&#039;t stick to your skin, what is the point."
"Amazing drug for general anxiety and to take on a schedule, not for panic attacks.This is more like for anxiety prevention drug to relax during the day or night and helps with muscle relaxation, without sedation at low doses. Takes about 45 minutes to start feeling full effects with onset at 25 minutes. This also does not make me feel tired like Xanax that comes on fast."
"I started taking Lo Loestrin Fe about three months ago. This birth control is amazing. Compared to my old pill, Levora, a lot of those side effects have gone away like my hormonal cystic acne that covered my back and face. In addition, I stopped having my period completely. I have not noticed any breast tenderness or any of the other side effects. I recommend this to those at a younger age. Unfortunately, my insurance does not cover this and it is very pricey (around $100 per month)."
"I feel like this medication is making me feel extremely depressed in a way I haven&#039;t suffered before. Unfortunately, my doctor says this can&#039;t be the case and it must be my condition ( despite the fact I have never felt this way before)."
"Delivered my first child at 28weeks n 4 days...she lived 2 b 7weeks n died after that....2nd pregnancy Dr recommend shots from 16weeks up 2 36weeks well I&#039;m proud 2 say I made it 2 36weeks moral of the story is shots may be painful but it works.....thank god I get 2 take this 1 hm"
"The side effects of this drug have destroyed my well-being, and I am not exaggerating when I say that. Everything was going very well the first 2 months I was on the drug. But then the insomnia started. And then came the irritability. Then the short temper. Then the escalated anger. And then came the panic attacks, leading to dependency on Xanax XR. Depression came back anyway when the insomnia started. My social anxiety has returned in a big way. The lowest dose was too activating for me. I would not recommend this medication for anyone who suffers from anxiety along with depression, even *if* your depression is worse than your anxiety. I&#039;ve been off it for almost a week.

Pro: transdermal = bypasses the digestive tract"
"I had great success with this medicine at first.  I had/have the 10 mg pills.  When I started taking it, I would use it 3-4 times per week even though I could not fall or stay asleep on the other nights.  Now I take it every night along with Xanax for insomnia and that still doesn&#039;t do the trick.  My doctor added Trazodone 50mg to the mix. I still only get about 3-5 hours of sleep.  It takes till 5 or 6 in the morning for me to fall asleep. It is slightly better than nothing at all, all 3 of the medicine&#039;s combined that is.  I am beginning to feel like I will never sleep a good nights sleep."
"Seemed to help with the pain and aches from sinus and ears.

But.. 

I developed a regular very noisy wheeze inhaling (lower right lung area on deep breaths) which was audible to people sitting next to me over the couple of days taking the spray. Enough to concern me and research whether the spray had caused it. It can be a rare side effect. Going to GP to discuss."
"I have had migraines for 31 yrs beginning after hysterectomy.  I average 16 migraine days every month that last from 4 to 72 hrs.  I&#039;ve tried every treatment except Depakot, which I refused because of the lasting bad side effects.  I had the first of 3 Botox treatments in last month and had 11 days of migraines.  Was hoping for less.  My eyelids are droopy, vision blurred in right eye, and just now am able to raise my eyebrows just a little.  I&#039;ve read that these side effects go away by the time I get the next treatment.  If it affects my eye sight every time, and I still have this many migraines, I&#039;m questioning whether to continue treatments. "
"My confirmed diagnosis is Fibroidmyalgia, Sjogrens, and severe arthritis which I have suffered for many years. The Fibroidmyalgia tested the worse out of all other disorders.  My PCP gave me 60 mg/day of Cymbalta which was reduced quickly for I slept all the time &amp; couldn&#039;t control my eyes. My husband said i walked around w/my eyes wide open &amp; I&#039;d forget to blink, said I resembled a zombie. My RA Doctor advised me to combine Cymbalta with Lyrica to increase effectiveness which I&#039;m hesitant to try. My pain, tiredness, and sensitivity has increased severely w/Cymbalta, and I honestly feel it&#039;s not worth the risk."
"Singulair has been a godsend to help control my daily asthma symptoms due to allergenic/mold triggers. I haven&#039;t noticed it make a difference with exercise or smoke triggers, but it definitely helps reduce frequency/severity of asthma symptoms in general. If I take a few days to pick up my prescription, I can absolutely feel a difference in my lung health. I&#039;ve been waiting the past few days to get the entire prescription renewed with my doctor and I had a nighttime attack last night for the first time since I started taking the medicine (it&#039;s been six days since I last took it). 
I have not experienced any mood changes even though I already had diagnosed anxiety when I started the medication or any other adverse side effects."
"I love this medication. I use it on my skin. I only wish I could get enough to last me the entire month. I usually run out in a week but really clear up that week."
"I was on this medicine for about 6 months and in that time I felt worse than when I wasn&#039;t taking it. It took the migraines away but I still had muscle aches, fatigue, hair loss, dry skin, brittle nails and more. The huge symptom I had on this medicine that bothered me is the depression. I felt dread and doom everyday. I couldn&#039;t take it anymore, so I stopped taking it, then I went to a different doctor that prescribed me Armour."
"Hey ladies!! Just like you I was reading these freakin out so I&#039;m here to share my experience! My boyfriend and I were having sex, the condom broke and we didn&#039;t know. He always pulls out but does as he&#039;s cumming. I took the pill 11 hours after our mishap. Did some research and I was ovulating the day it happened of course I freaked out! Stomach cramps, headaches, back pain, vaginal discharge, and fatigue were all of the side affects I had from the pill. But I started my period almost a week early! I also took a pregnancy test 2 weeks after the mishap and it came back negative. I&#039;m not gonna tell you to not stress because I know I did."
"I have chronic back pain that I take a pain medicine for. (Nucynta- and it&#039;s great!). I still had a problem with falling asleep so my pain doctor suggested I try this. It has changed my life. It is so amazing how it works. You really don&#039;t know it&#039;s working until you lie down and try to go to sleep. This pill doesn&#039;t give you the normal feelings of getting sleepy like the others. This is working your brain to shut down in such a cool way you hardly know it unless you stay up waiting for that feeling. I think if I didn&#039;t have the back pain I would probably sleep straight through the night but my pain meds run out after 5hrs so I have to take one again for that. No probs going back to sleep. I get a lot of memory loss on the night before though. 
May have bin the "
"I have been prescribed Tramadol for post traumatic stress disorder/anxiety by my doctor. I take it at night and my PTSD nightmares have completely diminished!"
"I am 14 and I have been diagnosed with arthritis. Enbrel helped me for about a month or so but recently I have started feeling the pain again. I cannot get out of bed in the morning anymore. When I take the injections it hurts really bad. "
"Did not work for some reason. I took it at 6;00pm, and did not get a bowel movement until 2:00am. It was so bad for causing pressure to urinate I could not finish the second bottle."
"I have been on Zoloft for almost one year.  After reading some of the other posts, I have realized my weight gain is caused by the medication.  Or is it?  How do I know?  My anxiety is much better, but I need to find a way to maintain my weight because I don&#039;t want to stop the medication."
"I have been taking xyrem for nearly 10 years.  It has changed my life for the better.  I don&#039;t mix it with water; I just take it straight twice a night.  I am on 3.75 mg 2x per night.  I stay on a pretty strict sleep schedule even on the weekend."
"So far it&#039;s been my first week taking it and I am not impressed. I&#039;ve been nauseous everyday this week, gotten severe headaches, and now I am worried that my relationship is gonna be ruined because of the side effects this pill has on me. It&#039;s making me look and act like a total cow. which I&#039;m usually not.

I&#039;m also very annoyed  that my doctor switched me to this without warning. Jublier is a better brand."
"Discovered rash on a Thursday, prescribed Valtrex on a Friday. Woke up Saturday and rash was still spreading but stopped by that night and began to dry up by Tuesday- no blisters ever formed and itching/pain was very minimal! Side effects only the first day or so, but not positive it was from Valtrex- the sickness/headaches I felt could&#039;ve easily been from my anxiety. By the third day, any side effects subsided completely and had no issues finishing the medication. After reading stories of shingles sufferers who did not take anti-virals, I am so happy my doctor prescribed this medication. Also, a suggestion, Burow&#039;s solution (sold as Domeboro in most pharmacies) helped soothe and dry up my rash quickly! Keep your head up! :)"
"Saved my life plain and simple.  Taking the drug for 18 years now fluctuating between 100 and 400mg over the years.  The thoughts consumed my every waking moment, smothering me, making it impossible to live.  In the times I&#039;ve gone off the drug over the years my symptoms resurfaced, only to be reigned in by Luvox.  Yes there are side effects, but they are nothing that can&#039;t be tolerated when the alternative is death."
"Nuvigil is a great medication. I have Bipolar disorder mixed state. I was often drowsy before taking Nuvigil. The first few days of taking 250mg of Nuvigil I felt better than ever. I was working out at the gym for an hour. Before taking the medication I couldn&#039;t even run. Depression sucked the life out of me. One of the bad side effects of Nuvigil is it induces mania/hypomania. I became hypomanic until my mood would drop down to depression and I had to take a mood stabilizer in order to normalize my mood."
"I have been on opiod therapy for about 2 years now. I was taking Oxycodone 5mg tablets. Taking 2 every 4 hours about 4 times a day. That worked for about 2 months. Then i developed a tolerance to it, so my dr. told me to take 3-4 tablets every 4 hours, 3-4 times a day. Which i always ran out early. Then my medical insurance changed so i had to find a new dr. and no dr. would take me on because i am a chronic pain patient due to my PCOS and my renal colic all the time. And i have MRSA all the time due to an immune system disease. So i just finally found a pain management clinic that would take me and i had my first appt. today. And he prescribed me fentanyl patch 50mcgx72hrs. It is already working And no more taking 12-16 pills a day love it."
"I was reluctant to try Linzess and I wish I&#039;d listened to myself! horrid pain for hours, cramping, stomach pain, belching, lightheaded, chills, and now spasms, definitely a setback in my GI saga. I&#039;m irritable and completely out of sorts too - my poor family!  At one point I thought I&#039;d faint and need urgent care. I&#039;m lucky my kids were here to help. I took it as directed, so that&#039;s not the issue. I&#039;m just posting in case anyone else experiencing a negative reaction is wondering if they&#039;re alone. You&#039;re not. It&#039;s not for everyone."
"Suboxone/Subutex has saved my life.  After five years of opiate addiction, this medicine has set me free.  I feel contempt with life and normal, for once.  Buprenorphine is truly a miracle and life saver.  If you want to get clean, and you can find a doctor that truly wants to help you and understands addiction, there&#039;s nothing standing in your way.  It is expensive without insurance, but it is worth it.  I take 16mg of the Suboxone films a day, and I have not had a craving since I started taking them.  If you want to get clean, this is the best way to begin that process."
"I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in Feb. 2012 and started Enbrel the following September. I insisted on a biologic, as the methotrexate wasn&#039;t doing any good.  I&#039;m on 25mg twice weekly. I still have pain, my knees and left hip are the problem areas for me. I&#039;m able to work, but still have to rest (ha ha! ) when I&#039;m off. I would recommend Enbrel, the side effects have been minimal, compared to some of the other treatments."
"I&#039;ve taken many different types of birth control trying to find the right fit. I saw good reviews for Sprintec so I was going to go with that, but my doctor gave me the generic instead which is Estraylla. I&#039;ve only been on it a month and I&#039;m nearing the last week of my pack. I haven&#039;t eaten for 3 days because I feel so sick, I&#039;ve thrown up for the past 2 days as well. I haven&#039;t had sex since I started this pill because my sex drive is totally gone. This is seriously the worst birth control I&#039;ve been on I can&#039;t even finish the pack I feel so sick and anxious all the time. Do NOT get this birth control. There are a million different ones out there that are so much better."
"This is my first birth control, and I love it! It&#039;s convenient because I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill everyday. My boobs have grown a half size bigger and my acne cleared up. I have no other side effects. (I&#039;m on 25 mg and I am 120 lbs)"
"Tried for a couple of days and could get past the blurry vision and agitation."
"I&#039;ve had real bad anxiety for 3 years, tried everything, had CBT... going for more CBT. Now I&#039;m on the pregabalin, been on it a month and what a difference its made. I feel so much better already. I&#039;m only on 100mg a day, possibly need a bit more but I can feel the change, this really is a wonderful medicine. Not sure why my GP took so long in getting me on this."
"Started using pramipexole when weaning from zolpidem at sleep clinic. Long term insomnia complicated by shift work/school/age/family history. Pramipexole at 0.125mg/qd worked for about 9 months. Less effective if taken with food. Now, after a year, about 3 X week, first dose insufficient, so I take a second and that works. No side effects in gastrointestinal or balance/reaction time."
"I started depo mid Feb, I&#039;m 38, can&#039;t have kids, but due to a work injury, my periods were aggravating my back pain. My period lasted 12 days. I then stopped bleeding, missed a period and was stoked thinking it was working...nope..for the last 37 days I have been bleeding. I had a scan, found a 3x7mm polyp and found that my uterus had backflipped and my endometrial wall was thick. I&#039;ve just had my second shot, the doctor said 2 or 3 days and the bleeding should stop. Fingers are crossed, but I don&#039;t have high hopes, I&#039;m looking into getting my uterus removed...that&#039;s how miserable the prolonged bleeding has made me. On the flip side though, my 19yo daughter got the injection the same day as me and has had no dramas what so ever."
"NuvaRing gave me hormonal hot flashes, and I found it hard to take my Loestrin 24 Fe at the same time every day, so I decided to try Nexplanon. I am a 23 year old college graduate, and I am 3 weeks into my Nexplanon. Granted, it hasn&#039;t been long, but my experience so far is AMAZING. Ladies, I want to make sure all of you know that birth control works differently with every woman, and most reviews online are from negative experiences, for I was so nervous to get this inserted because of all the negative online reviews. Here&#039;s how my experience has been so far: extremely clear skin, no breakthrough bleeding or spotting, no mood swings, pain, headaches or nausea, bigger breasts. I&#039;m in love. Don&#039;t believe every negative review."
"I have only been using Qsymia for one week but dropped 3.6 lbs so far. It&#039;s really working. Usually I drop 3 pounds a month so this is really amazing for me. Not too many side effects but you have to drink water and limit your calories and exercise."
"Yes prilosec stopped my heartburn most of the time. I have been hospitalized after I stopped. I now have arthritis so badly in both my hips I have to have them both replaced. I&#039;m only 44 years old. I&#039;ve been taking the meds since I was 17. If I would had been diagnosed or even tested for H Pylori this could have been cured years ago and I wouldn&#039;t have to have my hips replaced. There is no arthritis that runs on either side of my family."
"I&#039;m now 35 years old and I have been on Oxycontin 80mg 3 per day for about 10 years now, plus breakthrough pain medication.  I found it very helpful until my body gradually developed tolerance to the medicine.  I inquired about going to our local methadone clinic.  I took a chance and tried methadone instead.  Methadone took away all the pain that the oxycodone did but there wasn&#039;t any euphoric feeling. That is what caused problems with my family and the law. Well now I function and I have pain relief, and everyone is happy.  "
"I was given tramadol for back pain. It does not do much for the back pain but I noticed that is sure did something for my energy level and focus ability I have chronic fatigue I have severe fatigue all the time no matter how little or how much rest I get. I find that taking 100 mg of Tramadol when I get up and a 50 mg around 2 pm keeps me focused and feeling like a normal human being who can get normal human being things done all day. I explained this to my doctor and she now has stopped prescribing it to me because I am not using it for what she gave it to me for. I am so mad. I feel like a scolded child. I am a 45 year old woman who found something that worked for the condition that was depressing me to say the least because I was so tired just moving around"
"Methadone Maintenance Therapy, or MMT quite literally saved my life. Yes, there are side effects such as weight gain, low testosterone levels and excess sweating or flushing. But now I am back in college majoring in Psychology with a minor in Neuroscience. I had been treated inpatient at one of the best hospitals in the country. They used Methadone initially to get me over withdrawal symptoms along with other medicines such as clonazepam and clonidine. Sadly I eventually relapsed and it eventually took MMT to help me get back on track. I hope to use what I know about addiction to help others. It&#039;s not perfect but MMT saved me and my relationships with my family. MMT should only be used as a last resort, it is not an &quot;easy way out&quot;."
"I have just started xenical on 21/07/2017. This is day 2 and I have not experienced any side effects whatsoever. Makes me wonder if it will really work on me. I have also started diet for fools so no carbs and really low fat. I have started a jogging regime for 30mins per day. I will weigh myself in a weeks time to check the progress then I will rate. I currently weigh 73kgs and my height is 4. 7."
"I have not experienced any side effects whatsoever.  I take 1500 mgs every night after supper.  I went from not sleeping due to pain in my right leg to sleeping the whole night through.  Also, I had become so stiff it was hard getting up and down out of chairs and out of the car.  With this medicine, I am up and down like a normal 40 year old, rather than an 80 year old.  I am so very grateful for this medicine."
"I have been taking Bontril since April. I have lost 44 lbs."
"My son has severe eczema and is only 17 months old. We had tried what seemed like every OTC and prescription Med out there and nothing helped. He would itch all night and get open sores from scratching. His face is constantly bleeding. The derm recommended this. We have only had it two days and it had been amazing. The cracked skin is now smooth and the crusted blisters have completely disappeared. He slept so good and doesn&#039;t seem miserable and itchy. So far we love it!"
"Hi there can somebody please help me as I&#039;ve been on citalopram 20mg for 16 days now do feel a little bit better but not there yet. I want to be my self again as I&#039;ve got no control over my mind feels like I&#039;m going crazy can some body please let me know"
"I&#039;ve had no mood swings, no weight gain, no acne. It has certainly prevented pregnancy. However, I have had a full period lasting more than 7 days every other week for the past 6 months. I spend almost half my month bleeding. I don&#039;t get cramps but my periods are heavier than before. It&#039;s getting to the point where I&#039;m thinking about getting it taken out."
"I am a recovering heroin addict and have been taking suboxone in low-medium amounts to control withdrawal sympts &amp; cravings, as I was not able to stay clean on my own due to underlying depression, schizophrenia, ptsd, and others. I have been clean for over 3 years and have had crippling constipation since on the suboxone. My Dr prescribed me amitiza, but told me to only take it as needed. I did experience nausea and stomach cramps at first, but now do okay with it, and have had much better BMs. "
"I have been on Vistaril for about a year now and it has helped my anxiety greatly. Not to mention no side effects at all. It also helps greatly with itching and extreme tension. I am taking 200 mg per day in two divided doses.  I am very happy with this medication."
"For the people who are worried about taking Tamiflu because of vomiting or worse symptoms, there is no need. I was worried of vomiting when my doctor prescribed it too me. To lessen the chance or basically exterminate the chance of vomiting, have a snack or a meal and you won&#039;t feel a thing. It will feel like your taking a regular medicine."
"I&#039;m blocked up (change in routine, travelling, change in diet, stress ....) - so I go to the pharmacy and select Dulcolax Pink - it says it&#039;s GENTLE and works in 6-12 hours.  Take it ONE PILL at 7pm - up from 12-2am with horrible tummy pains and the urge to vomit.  It&#039;s now 9am - no bowel movement.  Still feeling queasy and blocked up.  NO RESULT - JUST MORE DISCOMFORT.  This is not a winner! :((("
"I&#039;ve taken Voltaren for over 25 years 3 times a day.  For 5 days before each of 4 complete joint replacements,  I had to quit taking it since it is a slight blood thinner.  Each time I got very stiff with painful joints.  I&#039;ve tried most of the other arthritis NSAIDS and none work nearly as well.  My Dr. runs a liver function test every 6 months."
"I&#039;ve dealt with major depressive disorder for 22 years and have always had to be on several anti-depressants at one time. They only lessened my symptoms in the best of cases, but did nothing most of the time. I&#039;ve been on every antidepressant in addition to things like risperdal as an adjunct. I was on 450mg welbutrin, 60mg remeron and 120mg cymbalta concurrently with no effect when I decided to take the MAOI plunge. That was 18 months ago. It&#039;s truly amazing to feel normal. I&#039;d forgotten what that felt like.

I do have to say the first couple of months were the most brutal med adjustment I&#039;ve ever been through. Very glad I hung in and didn&#039;t give up."
"AMAZING medication for hormonal acne! I am in my mid-twenties and began having hormonal acne and very oily skin this past year. My acne was primarily located on my jaw line, chin and far sides of my cheeks. It is completely gone and my complexion is GLOWING."
"This product is amazing, I used to have loads of acne, pimples and bumps all over my face and it cleared it all within a few weeks. However I recommend after applying the Epiduo for you to apply a face moisturiser to avoid any burn or red scars in your face."
"When I moved to Indiana I started getting migraines . My doctor prescribed imitrex 25 mg which worked beautifully as long as I took it when the migraine started. Though it still doesn&#039;t always work and I take another dose 2 hours after the 1st dose. I developed tolerance to it and now need to take 50 mg. Fortunately my migraines have slowed down to a dull roar as I&#039;ve figured out my triggers. Imitrex has some annoying but mostly tolerable side effects that dissipate with use, such as feeling physically fatigued, feeling kind of drugged, trouble thinking clearly, increased blood pressure/heart rate, sometimes I feel shaky."
"I have taken Savella now, 100 mg 2 times a day for 5 years now, with Fantastic results. I have tried so many including cymbolta, which worked well also, but I had many side effects.  I recently saw a neurologist and he had never seen anyone take 100 mg twice a day, but it was the only way it worked for me.  I was able to stop Taking Gabapentin, which I took 3 times a day.  My pain on Savella has gone from 10 to zero."
"Makes me really sleepy. But it cancels out my suicidal thoughts and depression, down side is the sedation."
"I have taken Xanax now for six months and it has been the best six months in a long time. I have finally been able to go out in places where before I absolutely would not go for fear of panic attacks. I was on 8mg Ativan and 60mg Tranxene before and all I did was stay in my house and sleep. Thank goodness my doctor prescribed Xanax."
"I have a very very hard time with medicine. Even mild medications have made me extremely sick. I can&#039;t tolerate cipro or Bactrim, and easily get utis. I was terrified this time when they gave me macrobid because I&#039;d never had it. Even zpack made me very sick. And then I read these reviews and just cried at the thought of taking it. I went out and bought crackers and sprite, etc. to prepare for what&#039;s been described here. Then I took it, and waited. ... and waited.... and waited. Nothing horrible ever happened. It&#039;s important to remember that everyone has a different experience. Don&#039;t even read these. My main advice w this med is to eat eat eat. If anything happens you feel is weird just ask your Dr. But mostly, relax and trust your Dr."
"I have been taking 250 mg of Nuvigil every morning for a year. I could not stay awake at all before starting this medication. After taking Nuvigil I felt much better. I have had a lot going on lately and stress does affect how this medication works for me. If my sleep pattern is disturbed (have to get up extra early or go to bed really late) it also has a huge impact on how this medication works for me. Overall this medicine has given my quality of life back. "
"I have to be in bed by 8 pm to get a full nights sleep for work early the next morning.  I&#039;ve never been able to fall asleep that early on my own, but Lunesta has been awesome.  It does not make me sleepy, but 15 minutes after taking it I lay down and just go to sleep.  At first I found I would wake up 4 or 5 hours later, but my doctor recommended taking melatonin with Lunesta.  Doing this (I take the 10mg time release melatonin) I sleep all night, easily wake up with the alarm clock, have no bad taste in my mouth, and am not groggy at all.  I do not take it on nights where I do not have to get up early the next day."
"I was changed to this because my previous birth control was discontinued. From the very second day I was on this, I&#039;ve had horrible cystic acne all over my body which I&#039;ve never had issue with before and I&#039;m in my mid-30s. This has also made my cycle extremely unpredictable with extra long periods (usually 4 days, now 10-12 every time). I do not recommend."
"Drank down this stuff as quick as I could, rinsing my mouth out in between? This stuff is too salty and too sweet, two things I do not like as I have high blood pressure and am diabetic. Within 40 minutes of getting the last bit down, I was on the toilet with my garbage can with liquid coming out of both ends. There was no way I&#039;d ever get that second bottle down at 2 am and at 6:30am I was still having fiery liquid violently expelling from the rear. Because there were still brown sediment (not sure how that was even possible) my doctor had to cancel procedure. Never ever again. This is my second colonoscopy within 5 years and the first time my dr (different one as we moved) had me do Miralax which is flavorless. No issues with that way."
"I have been taking Nexavar now for about 5 months and the only side effect currently is the dry skin and peeling skin on my hands. Initally after 2 weeks of use I developed a rash but pushed through it and the rash diminished after a few more weeks. I initally went through a normal chemo regimen for a little over a year as I had my right kidney removed for cancer in 1987 and wasn&#039;t about to have to go on dialysis for the rest of my days. I was diagnosed with renal cell cancer in Aug of 2010 and no it has spread to some lympth nodes and my left lung. After starting Nexavar my lung tumors have slightly diminished in size so hopefully it will allow me to hang around a few extra years. I work full time and travel extensively, so everyone be positive."
"I&#039;ve taken Lo Loestrin Fe for about 2 and half years now. I am very prompt about taking it everyday at the same time. I never forget to take it. I rarely had acne before I went on but I do still normally as before the pill get an occasional zit, nothing too bad. My period is off every other month though. Sometimes it 3-4 days and other times just 2 days. My period prior to the pill was heavy and a full 7 days so that&#039;s why I first got put on the pill."
"Definitely gets the job done. Use Vaseline or A&amp;D on your rear! This stuff can really burn. My husband was so sore he couldn&#039;t sit, and I had NO pain at all. That was the difference.

I drank the first dose over 40 minutes, followed by the water--all in by 1.5 hours, as MD said I could take 2.5 hours if needed. I figured drinking the Suprep slowly would likely avoid some of the cramping and bloating and violent responses of which others complained.

It seemed to work. It tasted bad, but after all the reviews, I tho&#039;t it would be worse, and at 55 min results came in a controlled fashion, i.e., no great emergency. Second dose was a little harder to drink, but I did. I&#039;m a small female, too. Next time I won&#039;t be as nervous."
"I was hospitalized with pneumonia receiving Levaquin and fluids via IV.  By the fifth day, the fever was gone and the cough was almost gone.  I felt overwhelmingly tired for several weeks but my doctor said that is to be expected with pneumonia."
"My experience with Nature Throid has been very positive from the very first dose. Increased energy was immediately noticed. After 6 months of continuous use, I began to lose weight. The shoulder and neck pain associated with my thyroid disorder decreased tremendously. NatureThroid alone is not enough. I must take vitamin and mineral supplements to further lessen my symptoms as well as avoid certain foods and drinks."
"I would rate this an eight.  Unfortunately I found that if I take it when I am already nauseated (the kind where you know you will be throwing up in about an hour) it is too late.  And this medication burns my throat when it comes back up.  (sorry to be a little graphic but this IS a nausea/vomiting medication.  I have to pay really close attention.  If I have any vertigo that day then I take one.  Otherwise.  like I said...  it doesn&#039;t help.  Rather like vicoden and a few other pain relievers, that won&#039;t stop your toothache once it has taken hold.  I hate taking it when I am not sure.  It certainly DOES make me sleepy.  
"
"Took 2 25mg vistaril as ordered. My mind did rest and sleep but had really strange dreams. But didn&#039;t wake till morning. Just extremely anxious now because of the freaky dream."
"I had no idea that I was bipolar until a pyschiatrist diagnosed me. I take 20 mg in the am and 60mg in the pm and I feel so much better about my life. I can focus and sleep again. The best part of it has been the feeling of &quot;normalcy&quot; I now have."
"Currently on 10 mg Citalopram and feel wonderful.  I was diagnosed 7/2011 with Depression/Anxiety and prescribed 5 mg Lexapro, I remained on to the end of August 2011.  I did beautifully on Lexapro and felt the best I have ever felt in a long time.  Upset stomach the first week the only side effect.  My Insurance will not cover Lexapro, I switched to Citalopram.  Once again, upset stomach the first couple days the only side effect.  Citalopram makes me a bit more drowsy (take 2-3 hrs before bedtime) than Lexapro so I am sleeping much better and don&#039;t feel groggy in the morning.  I am very happy and loved ones/friends are even happier."
"I have 5 days left of my 12 week treatment. Feeling great and very grateful with no side effects. Strongly recommend this treatment."
"This Friday will be 5 weeks since I&#039;ve gotten my Mirena. When I got it put in I had been off my period for 5 days. It was crampy getting it placed but was not as bad as I thought it would be. I was a little light headed after wards and had to sit for a minute before driving home. I spotted very lightly for about two days and then on the third day I started what seemed like a heavy period. I&#039;ve been bleeding heavy since then with a few light spotting days. I&#039;d go almost a whole day without bleeding thinking it was about to stop but then I would start again. The cramps would get so bad that T3s didn&#039;t even help much. These last 3 days I&#039;ve started to notice small tissue clots in the blood and the smell is bad. I see my OB Friday."
"I was prescribed this drug for ocd, depression, and anxiety.  I couldn&#039;t take it for longer than 2 days.  It did not help me with anxiety or depression only made it worse.  If you take this drug and it makes you feel awful you&#039;re not the only one."
"I was given this for my chronic fatigue at the time only associated with Multiple Sclerosis.
It didn&#039;t work.
I didn&#039;t get a cold or the flu during that time though :)"
"I have been on Atripla successfully for over 2 years but now am having increased trouble concentrating and remembering things that I used to take for granted.  I used to be a very sharp and alert person, but now I am seeing my doctor on Monday to ask if I can switch to something else because my depression and concentration is unbearable.  I am a very high functioning partner at a firm and I am noticeably less sharp! I am bummed because I don&#039;t want to switch yet!  I thought I would be on this for 10 years before I had to find something else.  Also fatigue and muscle loss is more evident.  I am however grateful that my counts are very good, but wow - I need to get a grip on my joy and alertness again!"
"I&#039;ve been on Necon 1/35 for almost two years now, but had to switch to Notrel last month because it was all my pharmacy had to distribute apparently. 
The first month of taking it I had no problems but my period was super light and lasted 2 days (concerning, but only slightly). Now I&#039;m on month two and my first pill last night made me so incredibly nauseous. I woke up at 4am running to the bathroom because I thought I was going to vomit. This feeling has lasted another 5 hours now, and I&#039;ve taken one ondansetron (anti nausea tablet) since then and drank some water with no change. 
So far the pill has been great at preventing pregnancy, but my sex drive has lowered significantly. Hoping this nauseousness goes away soon!"
"For info purposes I&#039;m a 19 year old female- 110lbs. I&#039;ve had body image and weight issues for a very long time which are big contributing factors to my depression. I was terrified of gaining weight on antidepressants so asked my doc about Wellbutrin. I&#039;ve been on it for the past 3 weeks and haven&#039;t noticed any differences in depression really. Some days I felt happy and energetic but other days I felt crazy  like an emotional mess(also a lot of shaking). Not sure if the drug or life circumstances were responsible. I did stop craving + thinking about food. Metabolism increased and I had little interest in food- so I lost a couple pounds after a week. 2 days ago i began having a severe allergic reaction so I&#039;ve had to stop taking it."
"I have had Asthma all my life. This medication CHANGED my life. I have always used albuterol (inhaler and nebulizer) for fast acting relief, along with steroid preventative inhalers. Two years ago when I was diagnosed yet again with pneumonia, my new doctor prescribed Singulair. I am an active person, who likes to run etc. Until Singulair I had never in my lifetime ran without having to use my albuterol both before and after. Not only that, this year I made it through flu season without developing pneumonia. Until I used Singulair I had never known what it felt like to be &quot;normal&quot;. To run and exist without having to stop because I was wheezing and couldn&#039;t breathe."
"I was prescribed Toradol for pain management after a breast reduction recently, and after spine surgery years ago. I found it ineffective both times. I switched to Tylenol extra strength, which is only slightly better for pain, but without the side effects. 
After spine surgery, I took one Toradol then threw out the bottle and switched, I also used an ice pack throughout the day.
The pain after my breast reduction was much more severe, so I gave the Toradol a few days hoping it would work, but it just gave me horrible stomach pain in addition to the pain from surgery.
I don&#039;t recommend it for severe pain, and will ask for something else in the future"
"I&#039;ve had the the Mirena since 2008, second insert now and it works fine for me. Insertion the first time was a bit uncomfortable, but removing it was mildly painful. I spotted for about two days with very little cramping. Some months I spot for a day and some months not at all. I will have it again in 2018. No problems for me."
"I was on this for several months and my mentality improved 100%. I have not felt so good in years. I was absolutely amazed by this medicine. 

I am only giving it a 7 for the simple fact that not only did it cause weight gain, but my ankles and fingers stayed swollen and was painful. I tried taking Lasix to get rid of the swelling, but it just never worked. I really hated to come off this medicine."
"Took it an hour ago. Now I&#039;m drowsy but also heart racing and shaky and nauseous ... so 3  more hours of this, and i have to get my kids off the bus.  Never again will I take this.  Did wonders for my cold but these side effects aren&#039;t even worth it...."
"I took it for 2 weeks. Started 75mg first week and went up to 150mg the second. Several days after I increased the dosage, I lost all sex potency and sex drive completely. I&#039;m a 25 year old man and I was not able to orgasm at all.

After I stopped I have VERY SEVERE withdrawal symptoms. I had to lose work for several days and was very close to being sent to a hospital.

At NO POINT did my doctor warn me of any of these symptoms.

It&#039;s very important to understand that this drug is that this drug CAN cause permanent damage and that it is highly addictive even after a short time.

I&#039;d rather take a bullet to my head than take this pill ever again."
"I started this to help with cramping, get my period every 3 months and control other issues. I normally get 1 heavy day and my period lasts for 4 days. Yeah well I have had a heavy period now for 4 days n non stop clotting. Don&#039;t take This!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this for about two months.  I had previously taken Cymbalta for the past three to five years, but felt it had lost its effectiveness and was causing severe decreased libido.  I have gained two-four pounds, constantly itch, am very moody, easily agitated, feel more depressed than before, and still no sexual desire. 
40 year old female"
"I&#039;ve been using Topamax for about 4 months after suffering for about 20 years.  The migraines had started to come every week and I couldn&#039;t function for days.  This medicine allowed me to function again without having to worry about when the next big headache was going to come.  Side effects haven&#039;t been too bad, some tingling, and I can no longer drink anything carbonated, but well worth it. "
"I was prescribed this medicine for a tooth infection and had serious bad pain. Took one 600mg and I was all good except sleepy. "
"I got the implant November 2015. It definitely works as far as not getting pregnant. However, I have month long periods. On a month, then off a month. And I am very emotional.I cry over the simplest things. the emotional part is a deal breaker, I&#039;m getting it removed. But for those who don&#039;t have this issue I suggest you keep the implant! It is definitely effective for not becoming pregnant"
"I am a prediabetic with glucose at 109 fasting.  I am taking Victoza to lose weight and not become a full fledged diabetic.  After trying Byetta which made me sick and not lose weight, my endocrinologist prescribed Victoza July 2nd.  I have lost 6 pounds, eat only when I need to, eat foods that are better for me and have NO NAUSEA at all. In 3 weeks I have already bumped up to 1.8mg a day.  I love this medicine and will stay on it until I go from my current 180 to 125."
"This medication help with my urinary track infection after taking my first dosage I felt great  and I was prescribed for 10 days to take it . I am on my 9th day , tomorrow will be my last dosage and I been having light head , dizziness and lots  constipation ."
"I&#039;m 33y/o, 5&#039;7&quot;, 150# male, blood chem all perfect but diagnosed with hypertension (genetics) since I was 28y/o. I exercise at least 4 times a week (light weights lifting and playing basketball, sometimes biking and tennis).  Have taken Losartan and Losartan HCTZ before this Benicar HCT.  6 days while on Benicar HCT 40/25mg:

     Lowest BP reading 101/52.

     Mild &quot;Lightheadedness&quot;.

     Mild shortness of breath.

     Muscle cramping - Experienced very severe muscle cramps from torso down to the legs after playing basketball that I ended up in the ER due to severe body cramps and hyperventilation.  It was the very 1st time that I experienced such terrible and frightening muscle cramps.

     Some itchiness in the scalp."
"I had a period every month for two years being on Mirena and spotted in between periods. I also got really bad acne. The benefit of it not worrying about taking BC pills everyday but I got it taken out. Not worth it!"
"I have been operated on for Bladder cancer. My Doctor tried many pain medications to alleviate the pain from Bladder spasms as a result of the removal of the cancer from my bladder. B&amp;O 16 is the only medicine that gave me relief from the spasms. Thank goodness it was available. I use it only as needed for the spasms, and it is not long term, however it has taken care of the problem and let me recover without the pain."
"As someone constantly in pain from sports injuries and just general pain from working out 4-5 times a week, minor sciatic recurring pain in my legs, and with no options to discontinue my weekly workout routine Percocet is perfect. Never has Percocet made me loopy, stupid, tired, or out of control. In fact, I feel more energy when I take Percocet, and I am able to not only make it to the gym but get a much more effective workout. As a 36 year old with very low level high blood pressure concerns, family history of heart problems, family obesity history, a history of being over weight myself, and adult ADHD, I have no choice but to workout! Percocet allows me to do so, while working and living a normal life. Thank you Percocet."
"I have had Nexplanon since May of 2014 it is now August of 2014 and I have been bleeding every since. I have gained 20 pounds since then and I also have acne now. I&#039;m getting this thing taken out as soon as possible. I wish this was the birth control method for me but it&#039;s not. I like the idea of not having to take a pill every single day but after this, I&#039;m willing a and ready to go back to the pill. Good luck if you decide to take this method."
"I took Yaz for 6 months with good results, but not complete relief of my PMDD. Due to an insurance goof up I was unable to get my medication for 2 months (it is more than I can afford out of pocket). During those 2 months I realized how much it had been helping me. My periods were much lighter and the bloating and tenderness were much worse when I was off of them. I&#039;m am back on Yaz now and my doctor has combined it with Zoloft so hopefully I will be back to &quot;normal&quot; soon."
"I looked through all the information on MucinexD but didn&#039;t find anything about diarrhea as a side effect. I had severe diarrhea after taking the first two tablets. The next day I took 1 tablet and had diarrhea. So, I don&#039;t think I&#039;ll take any more."
"I&#039;ve been on this same pill for about 5 years now and I would recommend it to every girl I knew if I could. At first I thought it was a little strange that I didn&#039;t get my period but I talked to my doctor and she assured me that not getting a period was normal as long as I took my pills correctly. Not having a period is fantastic and one less thing to worry about every month in my opinion. Every once in a while I&#039;ll experience some light cramps right before I finish a pack (around the time I should have my period), but other than that I love this pill! I also have not experienced any weight gain or headaches! :-)"
"I have been taking Micronor for almost a month now. I used to take Yaz for 2 years but had to stop due to migraines. I&#039;ve honestly had 0 problems with Micronor, much to my surprise after reading so many negative reviews. I do not have spotting, weight gain, etc. It doesn&#039;t help my acne, but I don&#039;t think it&#039;s making it worse. I think people may be having issues with spotting and heavy bleeding because they are not taking the pill at the exact same time every day. I take it at exactly 6 and have had no problems!"
"Made me very emotional and anxious, I felt like I was going crazy. It also made my periods irregular and gave me awful cramps. Only took for 4 months and it caused me to have 3 very painful ovarian cysts. Was not the right birth control for me!"
"I&#039;ve really liked my time on Trinessa. It&#039;s done everything my doctor told me it would do. My periods went from 5 days to 4, and I no longer get the debilitating cramps and body aches I used to have for three days every month. You can keep weight gain under control if you exercise when you&#039;re taking it since a lot of it is water weight. Might I also say it has done it&#039;s job as a contraceptive as well, so I&#039;m quite happy with it."
"Omg, please don&#039;t use this, go to the doctor. I inserted the ovule last night before bed and applied the cream, the cream was causing me to itch a lot more than I had been without meds, I called my doctor today and received some oral medication and 7 night cream. I took the oral right away , however my vagina is burning from the stupid ovule. I feel a little relief but I just want this to be over and done with. Worse medication ever"
"I got the implant on 7/10/2014 and have not had any bleeding since it was inserted. Moods have changed where I will be fine then feel like crying but other than that I have been 100%. I also have lost weight instead of gaining despite the constant sweet craving. I would recommend this as it has been a major benefit to me. I&#039;m 19 and currently undergoing A2 exams and this has meant that I don&#039;t have to worry about cramps or periods throughout the exam time."
"&bull;  Comprehension: Before:  If you wanted me to pay attention, understand something, or even acknowledge it, you would often have to repeat it several times.  I would misread or misunderstand things more than the average person.
 After:  I understand most communication right away, including the emotions and attitude of the other person, which were often not even on my radar before.
 &bull;  Interpersonal Communication: Before:  I was very likely to interrupt others.  I wouldn&#039;t wait for others to speak before continuing my conversation.  I came across as very harsh &amp; critical. After:  I&#039;m better at engaging in appropriate give-and-take in conversation.  I communicate in a much appropriate friendly tone.
Dealing with adversity:
Before: Even trivial matters would provoke a negative reaction, ruin my mood or trigger impulsive/disruptive behavior. I&rsquo;d get down on myself for minor mistakes
After: Even when things don&rsquo;t go the way I like them to go, I handle things in a much more mature, measured way. When something goes wrong, I&rsquo;m more likely to laugh it off than I used to. I&rsquo;m more even keeled, less likely to fly off the handle."
"This pill is AWFUL. It made me sad, anxious (never had this problem before), and my skin worse than ever. I feel like my entire personality changed. I quit taking it and am already starting to feel better. Everybody is different, but I suggest looking into others, especially if you already have anxiety to some degree."
"I suffer from major depression and was placed on Cymbalta 6 yrs ago. I took myself off against my doctor&#039;s advice. Life became hopeless and all I though about was wanting to die. Now I&#039;ve been back on it for 18 days and I&#039;m on top of the world. The future looks bright and I&#039;m certainly enjoying the present!"
"This is a wonderful medicine. Costly, but great. However, I have found that it is best to take it an hour before eating or if need be an hour AFTER eating. This medication changed my quality of life. Future downfall....if I decide to have kids. Then what? Consider this if you are thinking about having kids."
"I have pain in my legs and when I take the medicine it help enormously.  I have had this problem until I started doing kickboxing."
"I&#039;ve tried so many products to get rid of the acne on my face and nothing worked. I even tried home remedies and everything. Then, my doctor prescribed me with Epiduo and just 2 days after using it I started to see a difference. It&#039;s amazing, it got rid of the acne I had and ever since I got it I don&#039;t get pimples anymore. It does however tend to dry out my skin but not severely, nothing a little moisturizer can&#039;t fix. Overall Epiduo is amazing and I wouldn&#039;t use anything else for my acne."
"I have a badly herniated L5-S1 disc. While Vicodin is a very effective and safe medicine, there is just too much stigma and psychological dependence. I&#039;ve been looking for a medication that&#039;s as good and found it. I really think Ultracet/Tramadol delivers as good of analgesia as Vicodin but without the stigma and abuse potential.  I started on Ultram ER 200 and had some side effects, namely bad headaches, drowsiness, and &quot;crashing&quot; in the evening.  My doctor switched me to the Ultracet 37.5/325 and it&#039;s great.  The acetaminophen eliminates the headaches and the drowsiness and crashing are eliminated because I can take my 3rd or 4th dose around 6pm and it carries me to bedtime. I also take Gabapentin 300mg at bedtime."
"I drank this medication for three days but instead of getting better I got worse day by day.i started experiencing diseases I have never had in my life. This is the worst medication ever,i wouldnt recommend it to anyone."
"I was starting to go into Migraine Transformation (getting migraine pain almost every day). Starting this medicine shot this down really quick. Now I&#039;m getting about one a week. I&#039;ll be increasing the dosage soon (right now I take 300 mg a day). If you get chronic migraines, this may be your answer. I think it&#039;s mine."
"I&#039;m a 43 year old female and was taken this for headaches due to post concussion syndrome from a car accident 4 months ago. I only took this meloxican for 4 days. So many side effects. Then I noticed yesterday all my body hair was gone. Not waiting for my hair on my head to start falling out! I also had rashes, skin tingling, bloating, not being able to empty my bladder and many more. Whatever benefit I got is not worth it. I read in some of the other posts of people losing there hair and they have stayed on it! Why? Losing hair is under rare side effects. Doesn&#039;t look like from all the posts! I&#039;m going to go with what I wanted in the first place, CBD oil."
"I have tried this pill for a month now. My symptoms include headaches, blurry vision, sleeplessness and spotting for the entire month! Definitely going to try something else to keep the cysts under control, probably Depo shot. I was on the shot for a few years a while ago and had no symptoms with no periods at all, can do without those!"
"Nortriplene isn&#039;t a very good medication for chronic headaches. My neurologist put me on 25mg 2 tabs at bedtime.it&#039;s suppose to make you sleeply,however it&#039;s quit the opposite, it keeps you awake and makes you very irritable.and you still have a headache,and causes weight gain.


medication,especially"
"I had symptoms for 2 days. I picked up the 1 over the 7-day because I liked how you insert the medicine INTO the infected area. I read these reviews after I had purchase and hesitated. I took a shower before bed, inserted ovule and braced myself... I watched TV for about an hour in bed before falling asleep just fine. 

I woke in the morning -zero &#039;pain&#039; just the discomfort from the YI I had already been feeling before. During the day the swelling and burning did increase but nothing unbearable. That night I took a shower and peed before going to bed and about 80% of it plopped out in the toilet. By morning the swelling went down and I felt amazing! Such relief!! more days later and now and it&#039;s even better. Worked great for me."
"Amazing! Was nervous for an interview, took 40mg about 2 hours before, was a breeze! No stammering, nerves, came across confident, recommended"
"Had surgery in 01, then I re herniated my lumbar discs.  I use a tens unit, pain patch, and lots of aspirins.  My doctor prescribed Ultram 50 mg 2x a day or as needed. Haven&#039;t taken it everyday because I get sluggish at work. Works great for the pain, but makes me VERY tired. Also, I wake up in the middle of the night and can&#039;t get back to sleep."
"I have been on Aromasin for 2 years now. Prior I took tamoxifen. Sure, there are side effects, (pain in my leg,  painful joints, and hot flashes) but I had stage 3 ca and am still alive 4.5 years."
"Took Next Choice one dose because it was covered by my  insurance. Had unprotected sex on Saturday. Took the pill on Monday. Side effects were headache and tiredness. It delayed my period by 4 days first by spotting. At least I know I&#039;m not pregnant."
"I was given Ativan during a small procedure and it worked okay. I didn&#039;t feel anything ...just a had a bit of a hangover after the procedure."
"Worst birth control I&#039;ve ever tried! I&#039;ve been on birth control for 7 years now but it&#039;s only been 2 weeks since I started taking the generic version of ortho tricyclen. I never had any issues with my last birth control but this one has caused way too many side effects. 2 weeks in and I&#039;m super moody, gaining rapid weight for the first time in my life, always tired, and have horrible head aches. Rather pay for expensive birth control than feel like this. Definitely don&#039;t recommend it!"
"Adipex(phentermine) is great for weight loss.  I did experience minor side effects (i.e. dry mouth, insomnia.) I have taken this medicine on and off for several years.  I noticed rapid weight loss the first time I took it, losing over 30 pounds in the first month.  I was 202lbs when I took it the first time and after only 1 month I was down to about 170lbs.  I went off of the medicine for several months, didn&#039;t exercise and returned to my original eating habits, regaining all of the weight plus some.  The second time I took it I didn&#039;t experience the same rapid weight loss I had with the first attempt, only getting down to about 182lbs. Going for try #3 but will do it right this time with exercise and diet change for life!"
"For the first time I can get to sleep every night.  It usually gives me about 5 hours of sleep, and if I wake up and take about 0.15 Klonopin, I can go back to sleep for another 3 hours.  Feel rested for the first time in years!  I don&#039;t take it until I am absolutely ready to lay down in bed, then lay down and think happy thoughts to carry with me to dream land.  Previously, due to bipolar insomnia,  I would take tons of Nyquil, Benadryl, Sominex, l-tyrosine, melatonin that only gave me a few hours sleep and I&#039;d wake up and take more pills. For years I couldn&#039;t sleep in a bed but would wander through the house at night trying to get comfortable on the floor, etc. as my husband just bumping me would wake me up.  I thank you Ambien!"
"I had a cold sore on my lip and as soon as it went away two others popped up. They were so bad and I was so miserable so I finally went out and got abreva. I&#039;m on day six of using the medicine and my cold sore is already gone!  It would&#039;ve went away so much sooner if I hadn&#039;t waited so long to get the medicine, it&#039;s expensive but it&#039;s definitely worth the price!  I&#039;d recommend abreva to anyone who has a cold sore you will not regret it."
"I started taking tramadol for chronic shoulder pain after I broke my rotator cup, and found it works about as good as Vicodin. I have since realized it improved my mood much like hydrocodone does, big plus. I just hope I don&#039;t develop a tolerance like on Vicodon. I&#039;ve also realized tramadol decreases my appetite during the day which is another big plus. I highly recommend this medicine for pain if they are reluctant to using narcotic pain relievers."
"I am a chronic migrainer- I tried ALL the other triptans and Axert worked best.  I had to learn to take it when the migraine first started for it offer complete relief.  It does make me a bit tired but well worth not having the migraine pain.  If it is a particularly bad headache, I&#039;ll still feel tension in my neck but usually Excedrin will help with that."
"Three days ago, toward early afternoon, I noticed a slight tickle in the back of my throat. Then a slight cough. The next morning, boom! Full blown Flu. My whole body felt like I had been hit by an Amtrak train that didn&#039;t derail. I could barely clothe myself. I saw my doctor that evening. After about 5 minutes of taking a rather crude test for the flu witch consisted of a lady twisting a wooden stick with a course piece of felt at the end almost all the way up my nose, I tested positive for the Flu. The next day I started with a morning dose of applesauce and Tamiflu. To the best of my ability to judge, my symptoms were reduced within a few hours by about 30%. By that evening 35%. Day 2 50%. Today, day 3 Beers! And Tamiflu!"
"I will start off by stating I am a pharmacist so I have some additional knowledge to back my statements but also am on Geodon 100 mg total daily dose. First off, you must take with a meal (at least 400 calories) or else you&#039;re only getting about 40% of your dose. Secondly, it can cause drowsiness (or somnolence), however, I did not experience that myself. Also, you must be on a pretty solid dose to treat bipolar 1 so slowly increasing MAY be necessary to prevent side effects, and if that&#039;s the case you must be patient. It did take me a few days to get up to a dose I could tolerate and that did mean some extra days of hypomania, but it was worth it for the relief I feel now."
"Chronic fatigue since I was 3 yo.  I&#039;m now 55 years old started taking amantadine. Found it hard to tolerate. Went down to one 100mg every two weeks. Went back up until I was at one every day for 5 days. Going strong!"
"I feel really good using this medicine for bipolar and depression."
"I have been prescribed this for that last year and a 1/2. From day 1 I have had the same effects from it, which is good. I do not seem to be showing any signs of &quot;addiction&quot; or need to have the amount increased, the downfall for me is with it I can sleep about 4 - 5 hours (which is great compared to what I used to do), however it doesn&#039;t help me fall asleep at all, so I&#039;ll lay there up to 2 hours before I finally drop."
"I became very ill with severe vomiting, diarrhea, headache, fever, chills, aches, exhaustion...and I had a 5 month old baby to take care of. All this DESPITE the flu shot. Twelve hours after the initial onset, my doctor diagnosed me with the flu and prescribed Tamiflu. It slowly got better, and two days later I am some what functional...which is good, because now I have to take care of my baby AND my sick husband. We&#039;ll be getting him Tamiflu, too!"
"Just started Lyrica 75mg twice a day yesterday. My first dose, I felt extremely drunk, and could not function.  I took my second dose at bedtime, and slept through the night, and woke up refreshed!  I had no aches or pain.  My 3rd dose, this morning, again feeling a little drunk, and off balance... but again, I feel good.  I can actually sit still at work, without having to move around and try to be comfortable.  I am going to stick with this medication, and hope that the side effects go away in a couple of days."
"Due to a toxic neuropathy which causes an excess of electrical conduction through my peripherical nervous system and results in neuralgic pain specially in my legs, arms, hands, feet, torso &amp; face I have been taken 450mg a Day. It worked for a couple of years but now my body tolerance has reduced its pain killing efect. Don&#039;t want to increase dosage and my neurologist seems at a loss as what to prescribe."
"I have had joint pain, tiredness,insomnia, and fluid retention.  I can&#039;t wait to get off of this medicine.   It&#039;s like taking poison."
"Pro: I recommend Azurette. I started on birth control after I would get nauseous for two weeks out of every the month. That has been fixed. I&#039;ve been on other birth controls and say this birth control worked best for me. I&#039;ve been on it one year. I haven&#039;t had headaches. My sex drive has been great. I haven&#039;t lost or gained weight. 
Con: Occasionally sex will be uncomfortable. Its not bad enough to switch, because I&#039;ve had too many problems with other meds."
"I&rsquo;ve used Nuva Ring 3 Times now.  I planned both of my children around it and took it out about 3 months before trying and had no problems conceiving.  I never had weight gain or mood changes.  I recommended it to everyone.  I loved it.  So naturally, as I just finished nursing my 2nd, I went back on it.  This passed month has been a nightmare.  I&rsquo;ve been depressed, and honestly just plain crazy.   Mad at my husband for no reason and no sex drive. There was a week I couldn&rsquo;t fall asleep until 2am-5am.  Maybe my hormones have changed after having my son, but I will definitely be looking into something else."
"I got Nexplanon inserted about two weeks ago. I haven&#039;t had a period, bled, or even spotted since. I have a friend that also has the implant and said that she had. I&#039;ve actually lost 3 pounds since insertion but I have started working out. The only side effect I&#039;m getting is acne. My face was fine until tonight. My skin is oily now and I&#039;m breaking out on my forehead. My skin was always clear before this. Other than that, this is the best birth control I&#039;ve had."
"Diazepam has helped me a lot. It mostly helped me at night time to sleep, that&#039;s when I would take it. Now I am on a quarter and starting to take it every other night only when needed."
"I&#039;m French . I&#039;m using Stribld and I am coming to US . So where can I find Stribild and how Much is a box ?"
"Copaxone was working great for over 10 years, until the day came that my injection site reaction went anaphylactic.  Not a pleasant experience, especially when health care providers (of which I am/was one) refuse to believe that the only potential exposure agent was Copaxone.  
I would be willing to give it another try (in a controlled hospital setting with emergency medicines on hand), but my neurologist and PCP won&#039;t let me.  
If you can take it, site reactions are the only problem I ever had, as they only occurred the last year I was on it.  Side effects were virtually non-existent compared to the other ABC medicines and the new treatment modalities."
"I have been very impressed. I was taking 10-12 Norco on a daily basis for pain control. This is my third week and I am now taking the 30 mg. I am taking very little Norco now for breakthrough pain. I am less groggy and have better concentration. It did take about a week to get used to the new medicine. All I wanted to do was sleep for that week. Now the only issue is the constipation which is brutal. Although some Senna and Miralax work well. 

I am actually thrilled with how much better I feel. It is like suddenly waking up and being alive to participate in life again. WOW"
"This has been the only med that I have used in the last 20 years I have suffered from back, neck and arm pain. I had two back surgeries that helped but not long term. Pain meds did not help much and having a heart problem that prevented any surgery unless it was a life or death/, no muscle relaxers worked if I could use them......and the strong ones they would let me have them for few a month so I could get some relief. Pain was so bad I was not eating and drinking enough....which sent me to the ER with my Blood pressure bottomed out. So they put me on this medication and I have more good days than bad. I sleep, and back tending to my over all health. THANKS"
"I had a tummy tuck and heard about this drug to help with recovery. It certainly made the first 72 much more bearable. I paid an additional fee of about $300 for Exparel. It was a very good decision. I had no side effects. I prepared to be in agony and wasn&#039;t at all. Those 3 days post op can be the worst days. Exparel is a miracle."
"Vyvanse 60mg ( 19 years old, 138 lbs )

Suffered of ADD since I was 7 years old. Never consulted before, I am now 19 years old. I just got my first prescription, I always had issue with my grades and I always had to work 5 times more than every other student for the same grade. Today after my first pill I just realized that in a normal condition my brain was only working at only 20% of its full capacity when studying, reading, driving or even in sexual relation (I had erectile dysfunction) and today with the pill I just felt invincible and in a super good mood (not understanding what you&#039;re studying or simply reading is just depressing). The pill made effect after 1 hour and it last approximately 10-12 hours. I really recommend Vyvanse."
"Well I have a history of migraines and take fiorcet and usually that works .. But not this time and so Doc  at ER  this shot IV  for migraine well Benadryl makes u very sleepy anyway then to come back in ask me how I was well I&#039;m so sleepy but today this morning hurting like hell .... Don&#039;t understand why he couldn&#039;t give me like 12 or 10 tabs of a pain med like Vicodin or even Tylenol #3 to get me by just really didn&#039;t think I was asking that much he made me feel like a drug seeker I was in pain bad  he acted like it was sinus problems that&#039;s so crazy .. I had been crying of course my nose was running ... I feel people that need help can&#039;t get it and the ones that don&#039;t need it get whatever they what ... I see this a lot  at wk"
"I have been on this medication for little under a year. I will say that I have not had a seizure since I&#039;ve started taking the medication. Unfortunately there are a lot of side effects with this medication, dizziness, vision problems and headaches. I think my dosage may be too high but my neurologist refuses to lower it because of its outcome thus far. I have tried to learn to deal with the side effects. I do not think that they will ever go away but I guess I can just be happy being seizure free. I was on Trileptal before and was having seizures every time I was stressed about something. Overall, the medication has given me back control!"
"I have been on lexapro for about 6 months. I started on 5mg then 10mg then 15mg which is what I am on now.  For the first few weeks it lowered my mood but now I am a whole new person and it was completely worth it.  I am so focused on work, enjoy socializing so much more now, appreciate music, it has really lifted my mood from a 4/10 to a 10/10. I still have bad days every now and then but nothing compared to before.  My social anxiety has also almost completely gone and people at work comment on how confident I am. I started my job after about 6 weeks of taking it so they never knew me before.  I think its really good how it has made me so focused and goal motivated too at work and in life, I am really happy I started this medication."
"I have been using this medicine for a little over 6 months. I have noticed some weight gain, but on the plus side, my acne has cleared up. This pill gives me little to no nausea (all pills make me feel very sick), I have had no headaches, my periods are shorter, lighter, and I do not experience cramps anymore. All in all, I say it&#039;s not bad-  I have been on SEVERAL types of pills, this is the best so far (minus the weight gain of course...but if I were to get pregnant, I would gain a lot more weight!)"
"I&#039;ve suffered from OCD since about the age of 9, but wasn&#039;t diagnosed until I was 44. I was prescribed Zoloft at 100mg a day at first combined with some cognitive therapy. After around a month the dose was increased to 200mg/day, which seemed to work more effectively. I have now been taking Zoloft for 10 years now with no significant side effects (only feeling slightly hotter than before). I found if I didn&#039;t take the Zoloft with a meal or on an empty stomach, I would feel very nauseous. But, all is great if taking with my meal. Zoloft has helped my life considerably. My wife often comments how much more chilled I am and easier to get along with and we can talk about OCD openly with an understanding of why these compulsions were there etc."
"took for psoriasis  went away!!!! then came back!!! quit cold turkey do not do!!!! side affects are worse coming off drug. acts like a narcotic!!!!!  i too thought the sides effects were worth it but it comes back!!!!  one side effect not mentioned bad mood swings!!! and have panic attacks when you try to get off the drug!!!! people need to know."
"I&#039;ve had my Kyleena IUD for about 6 months now, and have had no problems! I am 22 and was previously on the pill for about 5 years. This is so much easier! The insertion was kind of rough for me (but I&#039;m a big wimp). I had very bad cramping and was feeling dizzy for about a half hour after insertion, so my doctor just had me lay down, drink water, and take ibuprofen, but afterwards I was able to walk home from my appointment! I had bad cramping for about two days after, but it is a small price to pay to not have to worry about birth control for 5 years. I had bad cramping with my first period with Kyleena, but 6 months in my period is VERY light. Each month it seems to get less and less! I wouldn&#039;t be surprised if it stops completely soon!"
"Started Savella at 12.5mg at bedtime, then after a week added 12.5mg in the morning. No change in pain, stiffness, sleep, brain fog, etc yet but my doctor warned me it could take 4-6 weeks to see benefits. Have tried everything out there for relief. Still taking 60mg baclofen every day and up to 6 lortab a day, plus Ambien, Topamax, Requip. Lyrica was a joke, Cymbalta not much better. Praying Savella will be the &#039;miracle drug&#039;."
"i started the original Tri-Sprintec a while back and had the worst stomach pains and was throwing up so much each night after i took it. i was scared to start Tri-Lo-Sprintec and when i did my cramps started to ease. i have to say overall, i am extremely happy with this product. i don&#039;t use the bill for birth control, i mainly use it because of bad menstrual cramps and very heavy bleeding. and so far its been very good. i do have some spotting between periods but thats apparently normal for a little while."
"This worked perfectly. I used it at night &amp; woke up in the morning in heaven. No itching or burning when I peed. Don&#039;t know about the other symptoms people were having but I didn&#039;t experience that at all. Would recommend this product to anyone."
"Relieved muscle spasms caused by risperidone."
"For 2 1/2 months I took buspar 10 mg 3x a day for anxiety. It took the anxiety from a 10 to about a 6, but it never seemed to get better than that. Med manager advised magnesium seems to work for some people to lessen anxiety. I started taking magnesium oxide at 1000 mg/day, which lessened the anxiety but caused lower gastrointestinal issues. Then began taking chelated magnesium glycinate about 800 mg/day which works amazingly well for me. I have weaned off the buspar entirely."
"I&#039;ve been on zovia for about 3 years now and I&#039;ve about had enough. Yes it has been so far amazing in preventing pregnancy or whatever. But the side effects are no joke. The weight gain is horrible, for example if I eat regularly without the birth control I weight 130 pounds but if I&#039;m on the birth control eating the same I weigh almost 150 pounds IT IS RIDICULOUS. My mood swings are so bad I&#039;m so sensitive and emotional and I wish I would&#039;ve read reviews on the birth control first because, before your period if you think PMS is bad try being zovia while you&#039;re on your period NOBODY will wanna be around you. Anyways not everyone is the same but that&#039;s just my experience."
"I have been on Remicade for nearly 4 years.  Prior to that I had a variety of Crohn&#039;s issues including two surgeries for peri-anal fistulas, severe fatigue and lots of other fun stuff.  I have been very lucky in that I have responded very well to the stuff and now most days I am fortunate enough to forget I have the disease.  I was apprehensive about potential side effects but to date have experienced none.  Prior to Remicade I took a few medications which did absolutely nothing but the Remicade had a pronounced effect within 24 hours of my first infusion.  If you have Crohn&#039;s or Colitis would seriously consider an anti TNF blocker (haven&#039;t used any of the others) and stay the hell away from steroids."
"Took it for 6 months and it got me through the worst of my symptoms"
"My doctor gave me my choices for what medicine I wanted to be on and I chose copaxone.  I&#039;ve been on  it for 6 months now with little side effects.  The biggest side effect I have is a skin reaction and that goes away in about 20 minutes and I haven&#039;t had another attack since I started it. 

"
"Started Saxenda 5 weeks ago
Was lucky that drug plan covered it.
My pharmacy doesnt stock it so have to order a couple of days ahead
Down 10 lbs i believe and 2&quot; in off my waist
Walking every night . A step counter or fitbit really helps with this
Getting treatment do sleep apnea as well which has really made me feel better and have more energy to exercise. Will start more vigorous exercuse soon
Some nausea when i went to 1.8ml but only for a day
At full dose of 3ml per day at dinner.
Some constipation but trying to drink lots of water
drug makes you feel full after small meals. I haven&#039;t finished a lunch in a restaraunt in weeks"
"I have been on Zyprexa for over a month and feel wonderful.  It has helped my depression, sleep and paranoia.  The only thing I hate is the weight gain.  I have gained 20-30 pounds already and is a huge battle.  Already was 160 after having first child.  Definitely would recommend though."
"I am only 23 years old and I had my Implanon removed today. I had it in for about 8-10 months and the only reason why I rated it a 2 instead of a 1 is because it did not get me pregnant. However, my side effects have been mood swings, off and on periods (never stable), and nipple discharge. For 2 months, we have been trying to figure out why the discharge was happening; after doing MRI scans and breast ultrasounds and everything look normal (not mentioning the costs of all this) the doctor said more than likely is was the Implanon and to have it removed, so I did. "
"Have to agree with many others who have already commented.  This medication saved my life. It is important to realize you have to really want to quit using for it to be successful.  I had to make meetings a regular part of my life and leave all those behind who continue to abuse drugs.  It was really difficult but a lot easier than the last couple of times I&#039;d tried without Suboxone. When I started Suboxone I&#039;d spent 4 months without using but in complete misery. I was in a perpetual state of opiate withdrawal. I couldn&#039;t experience feelings anymore, or sleep. My body couldn&#039;t even regulate its temperature anymore.  After induction I felt normal for the first time in many, many years. No more withdrawals or suicidal depression."
"I have never ever experienced this much discomfort and I&#039;m only on day 1 of 3. It was fine when I applied it at first, and then an hour or so later the itching became SO intense I just wanted to stick a toothbrush up there to scratch! It&#039;s worse than the infection itself. Never again, I will go the natural route next time or just let it run it&#039;s course. This is hell"
"I have suffered from migraines since I was in grade school; I&#039;m now 40. I didn&#039;t know about treatments until I started college. Midrin had worked wonders for me for years...and then it stopped. Fiorinal and many of the triptans did not compare; they took longer to take effect and I could not deal with some of the side effects. I have started seeing a well-known neurologist who has finally gotten me on the right treatment (topiramate to help control the frequency of migraines and Relpax to help at onset of migraine attack). It feels so good to actually have normal days!"
"Very effective initially but has started to fade. Was already on Tenormin for blood pressure, but was sometimes having 3-4 attacks per week. When I started verapamil, I went for nearly 3 months before another attack. Now taking the absolute maximum dosage to control blood pressure, but attacks are slowly becoming more frequent."
"Metallic taste, yes. Fatigue, no. Hungry, no. Intestianal disturbance, no. Took 4 pills and once for two days. Drank a lot of water.  Smell gone, discharge clear. I ate Fage yogurt end of day two. Everything will be okay!"
"Had to take one a day for 2 weeks. Pain, urgency, frequency continued for 8 days as if I were on nothing before I physically started feeling a little better.  Felt like all symptoms resolved after taking entire cycle.  I didn&#039;t care for being miserable that long. I will go with something else in the future. I don&#039;t recall any negative side effects that I had."
"I started suffering with panic disorder for 3 years and was not using any treatment. It got to the point to where I was agoraphobic and wouldn&#039;t leave my house I was scared for my life and felt like I wasn&#039;t even a human being anymore I suffered dramatically from what is called derealization I ended up turning myself into a hospital that had a mental health outpatient program which put me on klonopin 0.5 mg twice a day and it literally changed my life I finally have a life again and can move around and do things, I can go to work I still once in awhile start to have panic but the Klonopin doesn&#039;t allow me to actually have a panic attack. My general anxiety is now down to nothing and I can feel like I can live again. The first month had its ups and downs"
"I got this medicine in early January, it is now almost July. I LOVE IT. I am a migraine sufferer and have seizures, it was super hard to get me a birth control that I like (I&#039;ve tried 7 other types). I wasn&#039;t allowed to have certain types due to the seizures so they were limited. I didn&#039;t hear about Lo Loestrin Fe until I made my first appointment with an GYN. Now that I&#039;m on it, no sore boobs, no moodiness, no weight gain, no acne. I got my period for the first time today (which is why I was researching if that happened to anybody else) but its really light and seems like nothing to worry about. So I would definitely recommend for anybody like me!"
"Great birth control pill. I use it for contraception (the only form I regularly use) and for polycystic ovarian syndrome symptom management. Prior to trying Safyral I tried two other brands and had horrific side effects. The only one I get on this pill is cravings! Mostly for sugar and sometimes carbs which I try hard to avoid! I would highly recommend this pill!"
"I got Paragard for a more effective, long lasting birth control. I didn&#039;t want to worry about missing a pill when I was taking birth control. I had Paragard placed June 16, 2017, and today, September 19, 2017, I found out I&#039;m 5 weeks pregnant with my first pregnancy. I&#039;m 22 and haven&#039;t planned on having kids for years--hence a birth control that&#039;s *supposed* to be effective for 10 years. Yet Paragard failed me after less than three months. Needless to say, I do not recommend it to anyone."
"This is an awesome medicine. I am so happy to have been able to use in pregnancy.  I was on it from 20 weeks to 36..they say 12 days after you stop the shot you go into labor, that was true for me as well. This is the only medication that helped me complete a pregnancy.  It&#039;s awesome! Yes the shot in the butt hurts and you stay sore about 4 days. But it was totally worth it."
"I have been taking Qsymia now since 6/13 I started at 211 lbs and I am 5&#039; 1&quot;.  Today is 1/27/14 and I weigh 176.4lbs.  I do not eat the healthy foods and I do not exercise regularly as I have issues with my knees and shoulders that my tendons flare up when I workout so I only do so occasionally and my main activity is housework and yard work. I still eat fast-food occasionally and pizza just not like I used to.  Now here is the thing I had high blood pressure when I started and now its perfect! I am my doctors guinea pig and I am being monitored I had an EKG before starting it and I have to still go in for follow ups and he did a blood panel last month to make sure I wasn&#039;t having any hidden side effects!  Came back negative and I&#039;ve lost 35lb."
"I experienced immediate results with lower cholesterol and lower triglicerides, NO side effects whatsoever."
"It worked to prevent me and my boyfriend from conceiving, but it made me feel HORRIBLE! It made my periods longer and HEAVIER! The day I took it off I had instant relief. It made me feel bad because my doctor said of my family history of depression and anxiety that I inherited."
"Adapalene gel completely changed my life! I was prescribed adapalene gel .1% for the night time and clindamycin lotion 1% every morning. At the beginning, I would also use 10% benzoyl peroxide as well. I had many clogged pores on my forehead and chin. I would often get cystic acne on my chin (sometimes forehead and cheeks). My acne did flare up slightly in the beginning but it wasn&#039;t that bad. I was told it would get worse before it gets better and they were right! Exactly around 8 weeks, my acne was basically gone! Now it is November and I started this treatment at the beginning of August and my skin has never looked better! Definitely give this product a try"
"After over a decade of dealing with outbreaks, I finally decided to try Lysine last week.  My outbreaks are triggered from sex - nothing else.  If I go for long periods without sex I don&#039;t get any outbreaks.  Once I have sex or ejaculate I start to feel the tingle a few hours later.  Sometimes I can have sex two days in a row before I feel the sensation.  I bought the Lysine after getting the tingle and getting that &quot;nervy&quot; feeling under my skin.  I took 1000mg every three hours on that first day.  By the next day, the feeling was almost gone and  I took three more 1000mg.  No outbreak.  I was so happy.  I had sex five days straight and still no tingle.  I haven&#039;t taken any for the past two days.  I will continue to experiment with it."
"I was a binge drinker and finished a bottle of Scotch every second night so when it started to be nearly every night I went to my doctor and he prescribed me Campral,  never had any cravings and could be around anyone who was drinking and it wouldn&#039;t bother me, its now been 2 1/2 years since I had a drink! I only took it for 6 months and stopped taking it because the chemist couldn&#039;t get it but I already knew I was fine by then. In Australia it only cost $6 per script....saved me a fortune. "
"Prescribed a 10 day round for sinus infection in February 2016.   Immediately developed digestive issues, cramping, loose bowel movements, gas and bloating.   It is now 6 months later and I am still battling the issues.  Doctors first thought it was UC, but after colonoscopy now thinks IBD or IBS, maybe Celiac.  I&#039;m headed to hospital for additional testing."
"I have been taking this medicine for almost year and half, it has caused me to have tremors uncontrollable, muscle spasms in my shoulders making them rise up, have had mental challenges thinking this could be neuroligical disease. I only took it at night as soon as it wore off all the nerves took off worst then when I wasn&#039;t on it. I stopped the medicine and my body took 3 days to go back to normal.. I made appointment with chiropractor 3 weeks later and he could see the difference. The doctors don&#039;t always tell you the information you need. I been in 3 car wreaks with in 1 1/2 years and none of the doctors cought what this medicine was doing to me. I was suffering in alot of pain, all I could say is I&#039;m better without Flexeril...."
"Went to doctor yesterday, after one full day of a low grade fever, chills, aches, and  stuffy nose with a little chest congestion.  I didn&#039;t feel like I got hit by a Mack truck, still went to work etc.  I decided to go to the doctor earlier than I normally would have.  They did a swab test and confirmed I had the flu.  They gave me Tamiflu.  It&#039;s been about 36 hours and three doses into it and I feel at least 90% better.  My wife&#039;s doctor prescribed it for her as a preventative.  Neither of us have had any side effects.  We both took them with food."
"I took Bactrim for 3 days for a urinary tract infections.  I found relief only hours after taking the antibiotics but experienced severe nausea that continued to get worse no matter how much water I drank or how much I ate. Needless to say, I will be calling my family doctor to try something else."
"I have never been this functional before. 8 months ago my functional capacity was at 50%. All I was doing was work, recover, and burn through an excessive amount of sick, vacation, and banked time. 

At home I was almost zombie like. I would spend all of my time curled up on the sofa in pain, fog, or fatigue. 

Thanks to LDN:

Today I was able to pool run for 30 min! I did laundry and sorted all of the socks. 

Yesterday we had friends over to hang out for the first time in ages. I was able to go to a movie. I was tired after it all but it wasn&#039;t an all encompassing thing. 

I flirted with my fianc"
"I suffer from degenerative disc disease.  For years I was unable to live a normal functioning life.  My Doc had me taking 4/10mg Norcos &amp; 4/30mg Morphine pills daily.  While they gave me some relief, I was still in a great deal of pain and felt like I was taking pills all the time. I spoke to my Doc about my continuing pain and the constant pill popping with minimal relief.  She told me about Oxycontin.  She said that she didn&#039;t normally prescribe it and only had one other patient on it but, I could try it to see if it gave me any better relief.  I take 3/40mg Oxycontins daily now and the difference in my life is amazing.  I hate the way people treat me when they learn that I am taking Oxy.  It works wonders so get off our backs."
"Works tremendously well for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking this drug for about two years and I have mixed feelings about it. I started it because I had 10 day+ long periods with severe cramps lasting even longer than that. I started on the lowest dose and had CONSTANT spotting for a long time. Told the doc and she moved me up a dose. This is where the mixed feelings come in... I have had perhaps two days total of bleeding (only when I forgot to take the pill) in the past two years but I&#039;ve also experienced significant weight gain, acne, and mood changes, and it&#039;s getting old. At this point I&#039;m considering switching to a different bc method. Unfortunately, I can&#039;t take anything with estrogen! (Migraine with aura)"
"Third week and no weight loss yet. I am an active person who goes to the gym 6 days a week. I have been eating healthy for 3+ years. Hit a weight loss plateau and the doctor thought this would help. Not giving up on the drug yet. I have enough to last until October. Side effects are manageable. Constipation and mild nausea"
"Constipated, ringing in ears, depression,  blurry eye sight, weigh gain, swelling,  hot sweats."
"I started this birth control a year ago, and for around 9 months, everything was fine. I was emotionally stable, there wasn&#039;t any significant weight gain, and my periods were super predictable and manageable. I ran out around the end of November, and I elected to take a break from the pills &amp; didn&#039;t refill. 

When my period came in December, PMS hit me like a freight train. It was awful, so I reordered &amp; everything was totally different the second time around. I don&#039;t know whether the formula changed at some point, or if something changed with my body, but I&#039;ve had prolonged vaginal bleeding &amp; have been experiencing crippling depression and anxiety. 

I stopped taking the pills last week &amp; everything is 100% better."
"I have had the shot only once. I didn&#039;t get my period the first month which is okay with me. I got my period the second month. It wasn&#039;t heavy like normal and only lasted a couple days. However the third month I got my period at the end of the month. My cycle is usually the beginning of the month. I&#039;ve been bleeding light and heavy for the past week or so. I&#039;ve had bad cramps and just been depressed. The shot made me gain a lot of weight the first two months now I&#039;m just dropping weight like crazy. I also noticed dryness during sex. I would get the rod but scared because of the reviews back to the pill"
"I am a 26 year old,5.3 female and weighed 177. I have always struggled with my weight and it is very depressing. I started taking the medication on Friday 12/9/16. So far it seems to curb my cravings, but I have a headache and trouble sleeping. Advise?"
"Working well for me and I have had no side effects. I did reduce my other blood pressure medication."
"I had never been on birth control and just 6 weeks after having my little boy I was placed on this birth control.  This pill has given me such headaches that I had to start taking the product around 8 in the evening so that it wouldn&#039;t bother me. I have also not been able to lose any weight on this.  I have been regularly exercising and eating under 1200 calories and not lost a pound.  The side effects have pushed me to have to switch birth control."
"I took Bactrim for 3 days for a urinary tract infections.  I found relief only hours after taking the antibiotics but experienced severe nausea that continued to get worse no matter how much water I drank or how much I ate. Needless to say, I will be calling my family doctor to try something else."
"I am having the worst itching of my life!!! I&#039;ve never felt something so bad! I&#039;ve had a yeast infection before, it happen because I used a sented tampon, but I remember that when I used over the counter medication it didn&#039;t make me more itchy on the contrary I was not itchy at all!! This is my second yeast infection. Why I got it, this time I don&#039;t know. I applied the medicine I fell asleep and in one hour I woke up with horrible itching!! I tried washing it off but it seem hopeless so I just left it alone, but oh god it is the worst thing ever from 10-1, 10 being more itching and 1 not itchy at all I&#039;m currently at 9!!!"
"I just finished my third month of Levora pills and have no plans to start a fourth.  Although it did prevent pregnancy and help to regulate my periods, I have experienced horrible depression, anxiety, and a major increase in appetite.  I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve ever felt so awful emotionally as I have on this pill.  Great that it worked for others, but this is definitely not the pill for me."
"3 weeks ago after seeing my Dr about some weird &quot;bumps&quot; on my vagina I got the devastating news that I have HPV.   In tears walking out with my prescription for Aldara I was in too much shock to recall what my DR or pharmacist said about applying this very pricey cream. I came across this site and the more I read the more scared I was to use it. I&#039;m sorry for those that had severe side effects but I think it is important to note how effective and great this medication is and how it can work well if used properly!! I only applied it to the warts, used vasoline around on the healthy parts and took benadryl with it at bedtime. In the morning I was sore swollen and sensitive, however it was tolerable. 3 weeks after using it the warts appear gone!"
"I started blisovi because Junel Fe was recalled. I agree with the others about extreme breast soreness and nausea during the first few days. My first month was tolerable after I got beyond the first week. The second month got a little better and I never experienced weight gain, acne or mood swings ( I don&#039;t think. Lol) the pharmacy then switched me to another generic of this form name Noreth/ethin bcz Blisovi was not available. I took that with the same side effects and now I&#039;m back on Blisovi. I&#039;m not happy with all the sudden changes. I wish Junel Fe would come back. These are all not the same even though they say they are. I get anxiety every time I go to the pharmacy now. I never know what I&#039;m going to get."
"I was diagnosed with crohn&#039;s disease when I was 27yrs old. I&#039;m now 54. Ive been through 2 fistula removal&#039;s and many nights awaken with extreme rectal spasams. no fun! Extreme weight loss and fatigue. My Dr. put me on Asacol 400mg (2 in the morning, and 2 at night). turned my life around. Dr. told me I needed to stay on the medicine for rest of my life. I felt great, put weight back on and then I did a stupid thing. I decided to stop taking it. was doing fine for past 5yrs but its back. weight loss and all other symptoms, cramping, loss of appetite, etc..   If Asacol is working for you, stay on it."
"I read about 300,000 reviews before my insertion so I figured I&rsquo;d contribute my experience. I&rsquo;m 27, no kids, no birth control and first IUD. 

I had this inserted this morning so this is insertion only. I&rsquo;ll update after my follow up visit in 4-6 weeks. I was terrified of insertion after reading some of the horror stories. I was prescribed misoprostol (orally) and hydrocodone (5/325). I also took 2 midol complete, and asked for a cervical block. This worked for me. 

The insertion did not feel like a cramp but two instances of someone scratching my uterus from the inside. Not painful but uncomfortable for 2, 3 second instances. Did not feel the tenaculum or block at all. Heat is doing wonders for the cramps."
"I&#039;ve been taking Vyvanse for a couple of months and I&#039;ve have learned that the first couple of weeks taking the medication is really the hardest when it comes to side effects. I suffered from dry mouth, loss of appetite, head aches, some but very few mood swings. As far as sleep, I crash at the end of the day which can be due to this medication. I am irritable every now and then, but before I was very frustrated with everyday activities. It gives me energy for the most part. I&#039;m not shaky or nervous like I was on Adderall XR. I haven&#039;t lost a ton of weight on Vyvanse unlike Adderall which I lost 60 pounds on within 4 months. "
"Hey ladies! So my (ex)boyfriend and I had sex yesterday and used absolutely NO protection. He did pre cum inside me, and he told me millions of times he didn&#039;t ejaculate inside me. He pulled out on the right time, but I was still worried. Unfortunately I was ovulating a lot. Fast forward to today and my mother and I went to get an over the counter Plan B. I&#039;m crossing my fingers I&#039;m not pregnant. Next week I will find out with a test! "
"Made depression worst ,was not effective even at 150 mg. I got an understanding of why people become alcoholics or drug abusers on Effexor/Venlafaxine. I would lay in bed all day waiting for life to pass by. I never had feelings of despair so severe. If I mised a dose or waited for an hour later to take Effexor I had an intense &quot;Rush&quot;. I would pace around like on cocaine or speed. You cannot stop taking this medication. I am still trying to get off it!  When I reduced my dose I had a drunk effect with nausea I just felt so awful. I consider this to be a drug that shoudnt be prescribed. Celexa and zoloft &quot;robot drug&quot;worked well on me for anxiety and depression but I do NOT recommend this medication.  Going back to Elavil"
"Xyzal is one of the most effective antihistamines out there, IMO.  It stops all my allergy symptoms from the first pill- I can feel my sinuses open up.  It has gotten me through horrible seasons where the grasses I&#039;m allergic to are rampant.  The only downside for me is the major sedation.  It is supposed to be non-sedating, but a few people will have issues with this.  Curiously, I find the sedation to come on several hours after I take it, so I time that with bedtime.  At first the sedation was so bad that it felt like I was going under anesthesia!  My allergist told me she had the same issue, and had me cut the tablet in half to take the pediatric dose.  That helped a lot, but I still time it for when it makes me tired."
"I&#039;ve been on implanon since january 2015 and it has worked efficiently for me. I got it because I kept having ovarian cysts even after surgery and really bad and heavy periods, so the doctor said it would be good idea to put it on so I didn&#039;t keep producing more cysts. The procedure it&#039;s super easy and painless so you don&#039;t have to worry about that. If you&#039;re right-handed they will most likely put it on your left arm and the same thing happens if you&#039;re left-handed. I have experienced about 2 slim to none like periods, needing only panty liners. I always use panty liners just in case bc I don&#039;t want to ruin my underwear if some blood comes out, which is rare, but I don&#039;t want to waste them for such a silly thing."
"I took this weighing 145 lbs and 5&#039;6&quot;. Took My Way, not expiring till 2017, within three hours of sex. I read that over 165lbs it becomes less effective but apparently 145lbs is in the less effective range too, I am now 8 weeks pregnant. Beware."
"been on Cymbalta 60 mg for 8 yrs. I have chronic headaches.I was told I have fibro yrs ago, depression. Dr tried to get me off 4-5 yrs ago. Couldn&#039;t!  Dr says now let&#039;s do it. titrated from 60mg alternated with 30mg every other day. After 2 Weeks went to 30mg after 10 days, 30 every other day. After a week of that I caught a virus and couldnt eat so I just cold turkeyed it. I had the bad zings! Sick, depressed, migraines &amp; achy, GROUCHY, 3 weeks off, better but irritable, achy, dr will let me try Savella, I look after  a toddler SO grouchy not good or my nature.  I&#039;d go back on but....also used generic Duloxiotine?"
"I am someone that does NOT like to take medication.  I am an adult and I found out I was ADD back about 5 years ago and started taking Strattera for it.  I  am a slow metabolizer so was using 10 mg per day of Strattera.  Recently I felt the need to add some additional medication to help me focus a little better.  In reading about Daytrana, the thing I liked about it was that I knew I could cut the patch down in size (to 1/2 or 1/4) if I felt the dose was too high.  I usually am VERY sensitive to adhesives, but I&#039;ve been on it about 2 weeks now and have not had a problem at all. I clean the site where the patch had been with alcohol after I take it off and have not had any skin reactions.  The product is GREAT (10 mg dose patch)."
"I took Savella for about 45 days. I started out on the titration pack. The more I took it the worse I felt: nausea, headaches, dizziness, dry mouth, dry eye balls, etc. While taking Savella I was also taking 40mg of paroxetine, which I have been taking since 1997. My doctor decided that I should come off the paroxetine and increase the Savella to 200mg. I couldn&#039;t do it at the same time. So I weened myself off of the Savella in about a week and now I am in my second week of weening myself off of the paroxetine. I don&#039;t know if I will try Savella if I get off paroxetine or not. I have come off paroxetine before to try other drugs: Efexor,Celexa,Lyrica,Cymbalta, but always went back."
"I&#039;ve started medication  June 24, 2011 of two 500mg tabs a day and I still have had 6 outbreaks in less than four months. Yes, healing time is faster but I would like to have less outbreaks like 1 to none a year."
"If you&#039;re browsing this wondering whether or not to try it, just give it a chance for 2 months. Everyone is so different, you&#039;ll never guess your own reaction browsing others experiences. But if you&#039;re curious- here&#039;s mine. It was recommended to me for a hormonal imbalance/acne when I was 18. I&#039;m 25 now and still taking it. First month was awful but I&#039;m glad I stuck it out. Now my periods are lighter, cramps are milder, migraines are gone, and I did not experience any major side effects (no weight gain or moodiness!). However my sex drive isn&#039;t as high. Not nonexistent just taken down a notch. I still think the benefits have outweighed the cons for me. Also - was switched to Rajani and then back to Beyaz. Didn&#039;t notice any difference"
"Can&#039;t live without it."
"I took 3 puff I woke up puking my brains out went to er I was wicked dehydrated had get 3 bags if fluids.has any one ulse experience this!!!!!?????"
"Went to the hospital in severe pain. They gave Toradol through an IV. Pain was completely gone. Found that I had a kidney stone."
"This is the only antidepressant that has worked to help my depression. Others have helped with anxiety, but not for depression. The side effects are as listed, but are manageable and, in my case, have gone away two weeks into 40mg titration."
"I discovered my very first yeast infection just a few days ago and was recommended Monistat 7 as it worked fine in the past for my mother. I don&#039;t know if the formula has recently changed or what, but on my first use it burned like hell. However, it did seem to be working and I was relieved for the next day. On the second night I used it, it still burned horribly. Both nights I had to stand in the shower until I felt relief. This will be the last day I use this and I&#039;m only on Day 2. I&#039;m scheduling an appointment to receive a pill medication instead! Beware. This should be an absolute LAST resort if all other options are unavailable and quite frankly it should be recalled since it has been giving so many women so much pain. Peace. :P"
"I feel like the ground is moving under me , I have headaches and diarrhea .  My hands hurt a lot, I wear white gloves  to try to protect them .  It would be better to learn what is causing it than to be medicated .  I am not as happy as I was before this medicine .  Why can they make this medicine , but not know what is wrong ?"
"I&#039;ve battled migraines since I was 14 and was diagnosed with PMDD. 10 to 15 days out of the month I get crippling migranes. I&#039;ve tried numerous things and nothing has really helped. I&#039;ve been on Inderal for a couple days now along with Norco and still have what I would consider a fairly bad headache. I&#039;m still seeing the aura and occasional star flashes in my eyes. I&#039;m hoping something changes here soon. I will say last night was my first night since I&#039;ve had my son, I slept a full 6 hours straight. "
"This pill didn&#039;t give me any of the listed side effects, and my periods were only about 2-3 days (which is very short for me, loved that). If that was all, I would give it a 10, HOWEVER, it completely killed my ability to get aroused (wet), my libido was there and I was very into the intimate moments, but I was very dry ....unlike me.  It also made my skin and scalp very dry too, it&#039;s like it sucked all the moisture out of my body.  I switched to a different pill and the dryness problems went away in about a week.  Definitely not the right birth control pill for me."
"I went on Minastrin to help regulate my periods which were coming every two weeks or so, and ever since I&#039;ve been on this pill, all I&#039;ve done is bleed! Now I&#039;m constantly having my period..... Hope I don&#039;t bleed to death! Fml"
"I have had less mood swing, and less night sweating since I started taking Lexapro. I feel more in control of my emotions and am able to think clearer."
"I&#039;m 21, no kids, got Skyla about a month ago after dealing with crazy mood swings with a different bc  I was taking. The initial insertion was pretty painful but only lasted about a minute, got extremely light headed and nauseous after insertion but went away within 20 minutes, I got mine done at planned parenthood which I&#039;d suggest and was even able to get it for free through a program they have and only paid for implantation. So far pretty pleased with the IUD itself, good sex drive, my mood swings have completely decreased, overall very very happy I got it, the only downside it random cramping that can be pretty uncomfortable but there&#039;s usually a few months after starting a birth control where your body adjusts so hoping they stop soon."
"This is the 3rd time ive taken dulcolax, and my experience has been awful, all 3 times!! Be ready to experience stomach burn to the maximum.  It is so very awful. I gave it 3 chances, but that was it. It feels like you are going to die, the cramps and burning, not worth it. I am allergic to Miralax, so i will switch to a natural remedy, or maybe stay constipated, before i take this horrible pill again. I mean, it freaking works, but the stomach discomfort is insane... never again!"
"My boyfriend and I used the pull out method but I was still super nervous because I knew I was ovulating. I know the pull out method is not always 100% effective so 2 hours after we had sex I went and bought plan b. I got my period 2 weeks later!! Very effective as a backup plan! (Also I am 165 pounds exactly so I dont think the whole weight limit thing or BMI thing has anything to do with the effectiveness of the pill)"
"No need to stress! I had unprotected sex on they 19th of November, right around ovulation. I took the pill 12 hrs. after. I had mild nausea and some cramping, and sometimes feel really sad. It came time for my period in the beginning of December. It never came, I was freaking out. I took 1 prego test a week later and it was negative. Now it December 26 and my period just now came! Before it started I had very sore breasts and mild cramping. But if your period is late it does not necessarily mean your pregnant! I did so much research and that just makes your stress even worse, and I honestly think that&#039;s why I missed my period in the begin of the month. We all make mistakes, just be more careful in the future! Much love xx"
"I have a severe dairy allergy and I have had it for all of my life. My doctor (who has been a doctor for more than 20 years) told me I had the worst case he has ever seen. If I touch it, I break out into hives, if I eat it or just put it in my mouth and then spit it back out, I go into anaphylactic shock. (where my lungs close up and I stop breathing) I always carry around the liquid Benadryl (because it works faster than the pills) in my purse. On many occasions, a double dose of it has saved my life and delayed the reaction from getting worse until I could get to the emergency room. Literally a life saver."
"I have been on Sprintec for one month and just started my placebo pills. Since starting this BC I feel like a completely different person. I have constant low energy, terrible bloating, little to no sex drive, and terrible emotions. I have not previously had issues with depression, so it can only attest to this pill. The entire three weeks I&#039;ve been on Sprintec I have had brown/black discharge(something I used to only experience on the very last two days of my period) this discharge seems never ending, and so does my unhappy mood. Save yourself the trouble and DON&#039;T TAKE THIS PILL"
"I started my son on guanfacine 1mg at night. He was 7. This is after trying a Prozac/ clonodine mix to treat his ADHD, which I hated because all my kid did was sleep. With the guanfacine, which is the generic for intuniv, he is doing great!! The 1mg at night didn&#039;t work well though. After all the adjustments I made, I ended up giving him a 1 mg in the morning and a 2 mg at night. This combo works great and my kid does not sleep all day. In fact, he hardly naps-he has made friends in school and is doing great!!"
"On it 9 weeks. Helps the rheumatoid arthritis, but I&#039;m going bald very fast. Eliminated other DMARDs to confirm it is in fact the Enbrel. 
I can not lose all my hair, so I&#039;m quitting it. It began falling out in clumps within the first week of shot #1. Too bad. Got the Enbrel card and it covered the cost."
"This medication really works for me, I wouldn&#039;t know what I would do without it. However, it does upset my stomach a bit."
"I had Implanon inserted 4 wks after having my daughter. I thought it was the best birth control method for me since I wanted no more babies, or at least for a long time. A week after insertion, got my first period since giving birth which lasted exactly 7 days. Then for the next 2 months nothing, no bleeding. 3rd month, got a period...lasted 7 days. (Just spotting though), month after got a period around the same time, spotting only. Then month after that, had my period for nearly 3 wks. It never seemed to stop even after getting it removed. I was also so moody on this birth control and hated not knowing when my period would start. I couldn&#039;t lose extra baby weight. Just not happy with it so I got it removed and now I&#039;m back on the good old birth control pills!"
"I first started taking the pill when I heard about it from a friend. I was iffy of course because results may vary. I saw my doctor discussed with her why I was requesting the pills, although she did advice me that everyone is different some people may lose some people may gain at the beginning, which just made me feel a little scared I mean after all my intention was to loose not gain .....So my starting weight was 225 I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and 26 years old mother of 3 . I started around November 2015 with a low dose first two weeks I was extremely exhausted no energy but I did notice some of my pre pregnancy clothes which I have not worn for quite some time actually fit... Current weight 149 January 2017."
"I was extremely nervous to get nexplanon because all I could find were scary reviews telling horror stories of hair loss, acne, and never ending bleeding, but my doctor assured me all of her patients had loved it. I have had my implant for just over a month now and I couldn&#039;t be happier! I&#039;ve had none of those terrible side effects, if anything I think my face cleared up from it! I had an extremely light period that lasted about 10 days but other than that I&#039;ve had no side effects. Try it out, it&#039;s way better than taking a pill."
"I have had the implant for about 6 months now: I LOVE IT! Nevertheless, like with any other contraceptive method, there are side effects. For me, I haven&#039;t had my period in 3 months. BUT if you do your research and speak to a doctor, you&#039;ll realize that this is perfectly normal and not harmful to your health. I haven&#039;t had any migraines, no weight gain, no pain, nothing.  I am okay with not getting a period - I&#039;m just as healthy. Remember: just because it did not work out for you, does not mean that it won&#039;t work out for others. So, do your research before, during and after getting a contraceptive. Stay safe and give it try, if it doesn&#039;t work, take it out. It&#039;s not the end of the world; don&#039;t just bash it. Every woman&#039;s body is DIFFERENT."
"I have really bad acid reflux and had suffered from anemia most of my adult life due to heavy periods. Regular iron supplements would irritate the lining of my stomach and cause lots of pain but this product is great. I have been taking Slow Fe for two weeks and I feel better already.  I have more energy, less shortness of breath, less pain in my body and I don&#039;t crave for ice anymore. It can only get better. My iron level was 9.0 before starting slow Fe. I will go to my doctor sometime in August. The only side effect is mild constipation."
"Absolutely worthless.  I went to a clinic on Thanksgiving day and was diagnosed with an upper respiratory infection.  The doctor prescribed this and my cough has gotten SIGNIFICANTLY worse.  I&#039;m  completely irritated.  I can&#039;t sleep, and I&#039;m about to go to the drug store and just buy some damned cough syrup.  I&#039;m not surprised at all to see all the one-star reviews.  Wish I could give it ZERO."
"I started taking Buspar 5mg twice a day due to anxiety of my Mom being in the hospital. Let me tell you how it affects me...positively. I take it along with Prozac 20mg once a day and the combination works WONDERS for me. I take both in the morning and the Buspar in the afternoon around 4pm. What a difference!!"
"I got Nexplanon implanted in August of 2015, and as of January 2016, I&#039;m getting it removed. The positive features were that it was 100% covered by my insurance and that it was effective contraception (my partner and I do not use condoms). After implantation, my period came about five weeks later and did not stop for around three months. I read that this can happen with Nexplanon, so I decided to wait it out, and the bleeding stopped completely after a little over three months later. Then, after only two or three weeks, the bleeding has started again just as strongly as before. My doctor has tried a low dose of estrogen and a regular routine of ibuprofen to see if the bleeding would stop, but neither worked."
"I had Nexaplon put in on April 21, 2015. It was mostly pain free. I had some soreness around the injection site but have no complaints. I no longer experience nausea or cramping.  I spotted for 2 weeks and have not had a period since getting the implant put in. I have increased acne but it is minimal. No weight gain. My insurance covered this and that was a huge factor in my decision. I would recommend this drug. Keep in mind that everybody is different. What works for me, might not work for you."
"I&#039;ve had a pretty good experience with this birth control. I didn&#039;t experience any mood swings or weight gain. I actually lost a bit of weight the two times I switched to Kariva from a different birth control. Overall I felt better on this birth control than any other that I have taken. The big issue that I had is that after taking it for a couple of months I would get breakthrough bleeding in the middle of the month. The bleeding would last so long that it pretty much a second period. It was a bit frustrating being on your period for half of the month. It might have decreased my sex-drive a bit too."
"I took one pill. ONE. Within 12 hours I began itching from head to toe. In 24 hours I was in the emergency room with a terrible rash all over me. It was so bad and it was raised so high you could almost measure it with a ruler! I didn&#039;t want to scratch first. I had to get two shots in my belly, was put on oral prednisone for two weeks (which then calls for a slow wean-off of the drug), a prescription topical medicine and over-the-counter medicines. The rash hung around for almost three weeks. I&#039;m allergic to sulfa and all NSAIDS, but my doctor wasn&#039;t sure what is in this drug to cause this reaction. He put me on tamoxifen next, which I took for 7 years but the cancer came back. I am now on letrozole with no problems except joint pain."
"I was 155 pounds when I started taking Tenuate 75mg. I know it may not sound like a lot of weight to the average overweight person but I&#039;m only 4&quot;11 in height, so its a lot. I lost 32 pounds and went down to 123 in two and 1/2 months. I&#039;ve been off Tenuate for a little over four months and have gained 10 pounds back. It&#039;s been entirely my fault for gaining it back. I have had no self control at all and have done no exercise at all. I&#039;m lucky that its only 10 pounds and not more. Bottom line, these are great pills for weight loss but once off them you really need to put your part to keep it off. Maybe after a month of being completely off them, you should take an over the counter appetite suppressant to help slowly curb cravings and hunger."
"Disclaimer: this is MY personal experience

Started Prozac at age 19 after issues with Effexor and after a few months I felt on top of the world--the happiest I had ever been. This was short lived. After 6 or so months something inside me snapped. Sex drive=0. My conscious turned into someone that wasn&#039;t me. Never heard voices before but they became overwhelming/evil &amp; I couldn&#039;t shake the suicidal thoughts. I ended up quitting cold turkey as I noticed myself double dosing, then triple dosing. My sex drive is still 0, I&#039;ve gained a ton of weight, and have been dealing with severe depression without meds because I&#039;m scared to take them again."
"This summer - July of 2015 - will be exactly 5th year as I&#039;ve had my mirena. I had it inserted 3 months after having my 2nd child and it took no more than 10 min for my Dr to do it. 
I loved having mirena for 5 years as I didn&#039;t have to worry about birth control at all! 
The only minus is that for first year or two I had irregular bleeding or to be correct spotting.  It wasn&#039;t really a period but every couple of weeks I&#039;d have to use slim daily pads for couple of days at a time. Still, it is much much better than having regular painful periods and to worry about birth control every day. 

So, I&#039;m having my removed in a month and probably will give my uterus a rest for 2-3 month (if it&#039;s necessary I don&#039;t know... Maybe not) and get another one."
"I was given Dilaudid after a painful hemorrhoid surgery. Just writing this, I&#039;m taken back to the excruciating pain following surgery. It was initially administered by I.V in hospital. I was then sent home with a prescription of it. This medicine is very potent and should be taken only under close watch of a physician. No side effects other than much needed pain relief and much needed sleep."
"Got my first Mirena in 2012 after I had my first child. It was great for the first year, no bleeding no symptoms, perfect! About a year and a month in I started having yeast infections 2-3 times a month every month. I couldn&#039;t take it any more so I got it removed. After baby number 2 I figured I&#039;d try it again and that I would take probiotics, eat yogurt and drink plenty of water. It worked. However after only having it in for a month I did bleed for a week but nothing since, but my sex drive is non existent. Me and my boyfriend use to be very sexually active, but no now I&#039;ve never had this problem. we don&#039;t even try anymore and that&#039;s depressing."
"I had skyla for about 4.5 months.  I was super excited as I am very sensitive to birth control pills.  Insertion was VERY painful and my doctor was great as she talked me through the whole process.  I went back in for my 1 month check up I said that spotting only lasted 4 days.  I had poking pain on my left side that never went away.  After month 3 which I stuck it out she couldn&#039;t find my strings,  I got an ultrasound apparently my cervix is narrow even for skyla. That&#039;s why it was poking me.  Brown Periods lasted for 1.5 weeks after 4 months.  I got it out today and the poking stopped.  Back to square one. Everyone&#039;s body is different.  I wish it worked for me!"
"I got my Skyla in June 2017 and now in October 2017 I&#039;m getting it removed. Getting it put in was terrible, I was cursing at my doctor and nurse. The next week after that I was in extreme pain, cramping and everything. Now I&#039;m having increased acne when I never had acne in my teens, I&#039;m getting horrible cramps out of no where, it feels like someone is ripping my hip bones out of my body. I&#039;m getting extreme vertigo with no warning to the point where I feel like I&#039;m upside down. I&#039;m getting vaginal infections all the time from literally anything; my period, sex, and even clothing is throwing off my PH. On top of that I am constantly hungry to the point where it&#039;s annoying. The only thing I like is I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill."
"My daughter takes Lialda for sever Ulcerative Colitis, if the cost is a problem talk with your doctor for a discount card through the company when added to your insurance it only cost about $10 with my insurance only its $40 if no insurance I believe its about $40 a month not sure, doesn&#039;t hurt to check out. The card is good for a year and you have to call to renew it at no cost.  She started taking 4 pills a day and last summer her doctor dropped her down to 1. Since then over a period of 5 months its back with a vengeance severe bleeding and pain."
"I have had the mirena now for 3 months and the initial insertion was horrible, I didn&#039;t know to take ibuprofen, because although I had read up on side effects and the insertion I didn&#039;t see about taking anything nor did I think to. I have a relatively tight vagina as well which makes gyn appointments no fun already but I&#039;m not one for taking pills so again I didn&#039;t think to. 
That said, the insertion was terrible, so painful I passed out on a the table and the pain continued for hours only to be subsided when I was given an 800mg ibuprofen. I cramp slightly more but bleed a lot less, the only big difference I&#039;ve seen lately is it is so hard to sleep and Ian anxious all the time. Otherwise so far so good I guess."
"I have had the implanon for 5 years (2 different ones of course) and I have had no serious problems with it. The only thing that is annoying is when it takes 3 months for my period to come. I&#039;m constantly anxiously waiting for my period to come so that I know I&#039;m not pregnant. But I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant yet being on it!"
"This will be my third month on Nuva ring and I am having really bad headaches and acne problems. I haven&#039;t gained any weight from the pill, but my acne issue has been worse since I have used the ring. But the ring is comfortable and very convient but I think the hormones are too much for my body."
"I used Yaz before I quit to start a family. I used it for maybe two years with no negative side effects. I have used others in the past and hated them. With Yaz I had clear skin, no mood swings, I loved it. About a year later I was losing weight. I was more skinny than I had ever been after high school. I can&#039;t wait to go back on it as soon as I am done breastfeeding."
"I had Mirena for 3 years.  It went through my uterine wall and had to be removed surgically from my abdomen.  It&#039;s been 2 years, and my female hormones are still a wreck.  I had migraine, anger, muscle pains, back pain, horrible fatigue, head pressure, sinus, and fuzzy thinking.  "
"I had bad side effects with this medicine so I called my doctor and stopped it my doctor told me that the benefits from the medicine outweighs the side effects so I went back on the medicine and I found out that eating with medicine helps with the belly pains and orange juice takes away the metallic taste"
"Brought my blood sugar and A1C down nicely, 6.3 at last test. No side effects. Patients can get two years free on the website if covered by private insurance. Otherwise $20 copay per month with BCBS."
"Severe UTI, lasting a month with one course of antibiotics that did nothing. Was in so much pain, never knew your bladder could pulse! People who have never had it, can&#039;t understand that a car journey is your worst nightmare! Now on day five of sulfatrim and symptoms were clear by two days. All I notice is my guts are a mess, slight sickness and a wave of tiredness after taking the tablet. Compared to the misery of a UTI, small side effects are bearable!"
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for about 2 months now and have had zero side effects and absolutely no break through bleeding. I did get my period a week after insertion but I was due around that time anyway... I didn&#039;t notice any difference in my period (same cramping, back aches, etc.) other than it lasted for a few days longer. (Normally it&#039;s 6 days, this time it was 8). I called my OB and she said to give it a few more months to really regulate.. I&#039;m anxious to see what next month&#039;s cycle will be like. I just hope I don&#039;t get it on my wedding day! 
Other thing I forgot to mention is that it was 100% covered by my insurance."
"Have had Ankolysing Spondylitis since 17, never knew that until 3 years ago. Just thought I had bad back, knees and shoulders. Had one of my &quot;episodes&quot; that didn&#039;t pass in 3 weeks, went to Docotr, gave all my symptoms, he asked if I ever had X-rays of my spine. Yes I had, but not the right area, and there was all this fusing, and calcification in my lungs, did some tests, and a referral to a Rheumatologist, findings of AS and Fibromyalgia. Enbrel has saved my life, I am allergic to NSAIDs so no help there, but with Enbrel at 48 years I feel I have this disease, not that it has Me.  Still have some BAD Days but am able to hold job and have a life."
"I took it for frequency and burning and hesitancy that I had. I couldn&#039;t even walk. But 30 minute after taking it all my symptoms where gone Now today (3 day after first dosage)  I have a terrible headache and I&#039;m hungry, I am nauseated but not always. I&#039;m just thinking about those poor animals that they test this drug on them.  I also experience cramps and watery diarrhea first day after taking this drug"
"I experienced my first Cluster Headache 27 years ago.It still took me moving to Atlanta and 15 years to find a Neurologist that actually helped me. An Imitrex shot works for the very short term but that&#039;s NOT the solution as we all know.  My Neurologist put me on a preventative dose of Verapamil and Topomax ( that means all the time) When cycle starts I Take 60mg Prednisone for 5/days,40/days,20/4days.As soon as I begin the Prednisone my HA&#039;s stop however since we can&#039;t stay on it forever when I get down to 20mg I start Medication Cafergot &amp; take it late afternoon. If I don&#039;t do this headaches will pop right back up!*NOTE-Can&#039;t take Imitrex within 24hrs of Cafergot.I was nervous but didn&#039;t need it.In cycle now, also diagnosed w/MS 2015.
"
"I went to the ER also last month because I was having bad migraines they gave me reglan and benadryl in the IV right away I was  paranoid jittery  and tried pulling the IV  out my arm it was the worst feeling ever and I was so ready to go home. The good thing is that it did take my migraine away for about a month  now. I just started having another migraine yesterday and I went to the ER 11-13-15 and they gave me the benadryl  and reglan in the form of a pill - no IV  and I didn&#039;t get that feeling this time just went to sleep really fast. I think it was the  medicine going start in the  IV straight to my blood stream a little to fast that gave me the bad side effects."
"I am almost on my third week of the patch. The first day was AWFUL, my cramps were so bad I couldn&#039;t sit through a meeting with my professor and he told me not to go to class. The next day was absolutely fine and has been fine ever since. My breasts have already gotten much fuller. So far no weight gain I don&#039;t think, a little itchiness at the site of application, but it seems to be working really well."
"Excellent"
"I recently went up to 10mg once a day of norvasc. Still does NOT help BP
I have other medical conditions so I am not sure what side effects are from what conditions and other Meds. What I do know, is now i have crazy swelling in my hands legs and feet. It got so bad in my feet I could barely walk anymore. Even though it&#039;s not listed as a side effect I it feels like my whole body is swollen
I am done with norvasc forever."
"I have been on Sertraline for the last 4 months..started on 50 mg then 100 mg and now 150 mg..I was very wary of taking anti depressants as I had tried citralopram several years earlier and as soon as sexual side effects kicked in I gave up..figured I&#039;d rather be miserable but still able to perform..Most recently I became more and more down, could barely face work, felt completely bleak and uncomfortable in most social situations..Since starting with Sertraline it has been a very up and down journey to say the least..at first quite a lot of side effects..bad stomach  (2 days) trouble sleeping (would wake early and be unable to go back to sleep) some weight gain and a loss of sex drive..I got to the point where I thought &quot;your having all the"
"I guess I must have a very,very strong constitution as I have been on the 50 mcg patch for about 6 months now, I started reading about the side effects from withdrawal and it scared the crap out of me,so I decided to make an appt. With my pain doc,it&#039;s for 4/27. As of right now it is wednesday at 9:45 a. M. I was supposed to change out the patch on this past sunday,i haven&#039;t changed it yet,i still have the one on from the last time which was 4/13/16 the only thing I noticed last night is I was jittery and after taking my sleep meds temazapam and 1 mg of generic xanax, I was tossing and turning and feeling slight muscle spasms,a lack of sleep isn&#039;t that bad. I do feel qck tempered but will smoke a little tnite and that will help w/sleep."
"Positives: No periods now, no upkeep, easy, cheaper.

Negatives: I had a continuous period for about the first 8 months with basically no breaks. 

Ultimately, I would suggest this to a user if they are very patient and wont become frustrated from the almost constant period that many women seem to experience from the implant. I was about to get it removed but now that i&#039;ve gotten past the constant period stage, it is wonderful. Now there is little to no side effects and I no longer have periods."
"After taking this medicine for 2 days I can notice the difference in my sputum, its changed from green to white.  However I do feel extreme tiredness and only glad I&#039;ve taken time off work for this to work."
"I might as well take niquil or Benadry! It doesn&#039;t work AT ALL!! Garbage!!!"
"I have been taking the 8mg suboxene strip for a while now. My insurance doesnt cover suboxene so my doctor wrote a script to try Bunavail since it would be free with a voucher.Yesterday was my first day on it and i already like it WAY more than subs. 
Postive things about Bunavail: it doesn&#039;t have that nasty sub taste. It doesnt give you that feeling that your ok for part of the day then need to keep taking more. With subs i would have to keep taking pieces just 2 get through the day With the Bunavail i took 1 patch to the cheek whixh is 4mg and i havent felt this normal in years! I actually feel great! I can go through the day With no urges. Negative is that it takes FOREVER to dissolve on your cheek. FINALLY feel like im not taking a drug"
"I had Nexplanon put in around May and had been bleeding for months at a time. I had few points in which I wasn&#039;t bleeding and my mood had changed so drastically it was crazy. I got awful acne and got absolutely nothing from this birth control but wasted money on pads for periods lasting 3-4 weeks. Would not recommend at all. Getting it removed next week."
"I started phentermine 30mg on 8-4-15. So far I have gone from 129 to 120. I&#039;m loving how fast the weight is coming off, but I don&#039;t really have any increased energy I was hoping to have. However, the weight is coming off and my appetite is suppressed so I guess it&#039;s doing its job. Hoping for the next 51 pounds to come off just as fast!"
"I did not think the insertion was painful i took 800 mg ibuprofen before hand and chugged a beer before i went in, didnt feel a thing. some spotting afterwards nothing much been in for 5 months and no issues yet i get some pain in my right ovary i think its when i would be having my period but i dont get them anymore just mood swings sore breast and ovary pain but no bleeding."
"I&#039;ve never taken Xanax before up until now. I&#039;ve tried Effexor, Viibryd, Wellbutrin, etc. but none of those worked at all and I could not handle the side effects. Xanax has given me my life back. My panic attacks have finally reduced, but more importantly I can continue to function in my normal everyday life. Most other medicines have me sitting on the couch in the evenings doing absolutely nothing as nothing seemed to matter. With Xanax, I can effectively handle my overwhelming daily task list!"
"My doctor just prescribed 10mg (cyclobenzaprine) 2X daily, due to disc protrusion in my C6-7 and muscle spasms in my neck and shoulders.  I have been taking it for a couple days now and it works great for the pain, however it does make me extremely drowsy! The night before last I took one at bedtime and it knocked me out cold and I slept great, but it made me very fatigued the next day.  Luckily it was my day off so I spent it in bed, but my spasms came back in the early afternoon, so I took another one.  Again, out cold!  Slept all day and decided not to take another one last night because I was still very drowsy.  I will reduce my dosage to 5mg around 6pm and see how that works.  Definitely not taking during the day unless in severe pain!"
"I started on 9/22/17, at 182 lbs. and today, I weighed in at 173.8lb.  Yes, I had all the symptoms that have been expressed, and I am finally at the end of my 4th week, and feel so much better.  Drink lots of water (I only drink water now), take a Pepcid in the morning before you eat to help with the nausea when you take the medicine.  Don&#039;t drink a lot of coffee if you are a coffee drinker, that will make the symptoms worse.  Also it makes you think about healthier choices for your food and drink.  I&#039;ve quit drinking, alcohol, cigarettes, and caffeine.  I don&#039;t think about it, or crave it.  I need to lose 30 more lbs. to be at my desired weight.  Will check back in later on, with my progress.  It works, just hang in there!!!"
"I was initially diagnosed with ADHD-combined hyperactive and implulsive when I was 16. Up until that point, I struggled with my attention issues and excessive energy and it became increasingly difficult to cope with the symptoms as I got older. My doctor prescribed me Concerta 54 Mg once a day. I immediately noticed significant improvements. I was able to think more clearly and communicate coherently. At the same time I noticed that I had a better ability to control my attention and remain focused over a more prolonged period of time. My grades improved and my relationship with friends and family became much better.

I&#039;m now 26 and still taking the medication. The therapeutic effects are still evident."
"This product has worked 100% for me. It did take a full 3 months to show full effect but truly- that&#039;s it- one year on and I no longer have acne at all ever- gone!!!
I have had regular breakouts since I was a teenager and at aged 42 I had finally had enough of the itchy lumps and bumps. Sometimes these spots would come to a head, other times, just linger for weeks. My face look dirty and dull and often felt sore either before I squeezed a spot or after.
 I was prescribed Epiduo by my GP in Australia and although I did have some initial redness, soreness and peeling, my skin quickly adjusted and now for the first time since I was 10 years old my skin is clear, everyday, all year round. No breakouts, I just wish I&#039;d given it a try years ago"
"Side effects are tremendous, severe headaches, diarrhea and nearly living on toilet, fever and aches and pains all over. Been taking it for 3 weeks to see if I will ever get use to the side effects and they will subside, so far no. Not sure how much longer I can last on Otezla. Was really hoping it would help..."
"I really am that guy who has a VERY strong addictive personality. I try something... BOOM... I am addicted. I was a 2-3 pack a day smoker and honestly thought i would never quit after 18 years of smoking. Then I decided to drop take Chantix and BAM! I was smoke free after one week. I am now 6 months free from the chains of those little cancer sticks."
"My doctor will not prescribe Xanax, Klonopin, or Ativan for anxiety, but he was comfortable giving me a script for Librium (chlordiazepoxide) 25mg capsules 4x a day for my anxiety.  Worked well at the beginning, but like all benzo&#039;s, the efficacy wore off after about a month of use.  Was great while it worked and it was very inexpensive!  Tapered off then went back on it a few months later and it worked like a charm again! On and off usage for close to 5 years now."
"This is my second post, I was waiting for my insurance to approve this med....been on samples starting at 1.5, then to 3mg, and now 4.5mg, other then a little bit of restlessness, I am tolerating this med quite well (after trying over 40 other meds) it has been 2 months since I began taking it, and at least some of the suicidal thoughts have dissipated...I will continue to take it, and work up to 6mg starting next month....but by far, one of the best Bipolar meds I have tried in over 9 years!"
"Same experience as most reviewers. Painful burning/itching. I tried to get it out of me as much as possible but still burns. Do not buy!"
"Literally did nothing for my anxiety. Made me really sleepy but not sleepy enough to pass out. It just made me super sluggish."
"I think I am 21 years old. I feel like I can cut diamonds again."
"Not effective whatsoever.  Took a 20mg dose and felt absolutely nothing.  Very disappointing but luckily, I used the 10-day free trial voucher so I wasn&#039;t out any money."
"My doctor will not prescribe medicine for my panic attacks.  I have depression and when I have a panic attack have trouble breathing.  Doctors will not prescribe valium for these attacks because he says they are addictive.  This is crazy.  I am not a drug addict and need something to help me thru these attacks.  What to do.  Maybe a little lead to the head would take care of these attacks."
"I am taking Asacol for the last 4 years and I am still having problem with gas and like full stomach with or without eating or drinking. I am having inflammation in the body and increasing weight and increasing the prolactin (milk) and not focusing well and discomfort."
"I have anxiety and depression. I tried SSRIs and they just masked the depression and caused sexual side effects. Wellbutrin XL helped me feel much better and I didn&#039;t have negative sexual side effects. Best sex I&#039;ve ever had on Wellbutrin XL.  Now with the future I think about, feel optimistic about and am  planning for it . I don&#039;t have anxiety like I had. I am more philosophical, &quot;Tomorrow will be a better day. I&#039;m motivated to accomplish things. I wish I had found this med years ago."
"I have been on 10 mg of brand ambien for 12 years.  It works, but only the BRAND name - none of the generics worked. My insurance would not cover brand ambien and I was stuck paying $435 a month!  I tried many medications, including several benzos, Serequel (halluncinated on that one!), etc. My osteopath had samples of Belsomra and suggested I give it a try.  At first I wasn&#039;t quite convinced it was working.  I gave it a good week.  I can tell you know I LOVE this medication!  It definitely mimics a more natural sleep cycle.  I do have some weird dreams, but that usually right before waking after 8 hours of sleep.  I would highly encourage trying this but give it a full week.  It stops the alerted mind and stress thinking."
"I&#039;ve been on Abilify seems forever. It did work well except for my sleep. So I began Latuda 4 weeks ago and so far my sleep is really improved and so has my moods. I haven&#039;t had any side effects except for the sexual one, which they all seem to take away from that. Highly recommend Latuda. Very expensive though. "
"My insurance recently raised my cost for Detrol so I switched to Oxybutynin. I am going back to Detrol as soon as possible, as it worked much better for me with no side effects. The Oxybutynin caused moderate to severe stomach pain and and I was spending much of my morning in the bathroom. I will gladly pay the $69.00 as trade-off in cost was not worth the side effects of the less expensive medicine."
"Received my first injection in my &quot;worse&quot; knee this morning...after initial pain of injection, within a few hours, there was noticeable relief of pain, so much so that climbing stairs was a breeze - for that leg, anyway.  Can&#039;t wait to finish the cycle (total of 3 injections) and then have the &quot;better&quot; knee treated, too."
"I have had Mirena in for about a year, getting it put in was painful for me and the whole first day it felt awkward. I had some spotting, and slight cramping for weeks after so I went back to the gyno to have a follow up to make sure it was in right, they said it was. 7 months into having this until now I have experienced some intense cramping, and a couple of months I have had spotting at the beginning of the month and at the end. Not sure if this has happened to anyone else and I also feel like I spot just as long as I would have had a period."
"I have been receiving natural hormone pellets for the past 6 months and feel great!  My blood work showed I had a very low level of thyroid, and I was put on the 30 mg in the morning ; as a result , I feel so much better.  I did gain weight but I cannot blame it all on the thyroid medication because I received the pellets the same time.  This week my thyroid medication was increased to 60mg, since my levels were still low, and I hope to stay at a low dosage.  I feel greater than before the hormone therapy and try to manage my food portions.  I will be buying the book called thyroid diet book to learn more about managing my intake of food.  

The medication is working for me and I have not experienced hair loss and I hope not to."
"I have been on Ortho TriCyclen Lo for approximately 15 years, I&#039;m not sure exactly when I started since its been that long. The first 5 or so years were great, I had regular periods, light-moderate bleeding, less acne and cramps but after that I&#039;ve had less sex drive, regular adult acne, steady weight gain with the inability to lose easily (even tried weight-watchers with no effect), mood swings and slight depression. Other factors may have come into play with school, work and relationships but I&#039;m now married and the side-effects are more noticeable since the other factors have leveled out. I&#039;m trying something else mainly due to weight gain, mood swings and cost - I&#039;m in Arizona - OTCL is now $88 a month."
"This drug has improved my quality of life by 100%, from lower back problems."
"Worst birth control I&#039;ve ever been on. It gave me the worst anxiety I&#039;ve ever had in my life. I was an emotional roller coaster. I felt extremely depressed while on it. I used it for 1 year.  Do not use this birth control!!"
"I am 24 and I went on provera on the 25 of last month because I&#039;m was bleeding since the 05 of September and soaking though my pads every two to three hours. For me provera slowed down my period and stopped it for three days and now I&#039;m just bleeding all over again still bleeding though pad in about one to one and half hour now and it hurts worse,  I have cramping, bloating, nausea and clots are much bigger about the size of a golf ball and have been clotting ever since I started bleeding again.  I had blood work done it came out normal. Next is an ultrasound and after that is a pelvic exam. I need help not more issues...I started bleeding on the 2 of October not even a day after my last pill and I&#039;ve been getting dizzy and lightheaded"
"After 6 days on this pill my family noticed a calmer me. I haven&#039;t experience any anxiety episodes but I have noticed I&#039;m a bit foggy and forgetful. I&#039;m sure it&#039;s going to take a while before my body gets used to the medication. For the most part I feel like it&#039;s doing a positive impact in my life. Also having a harder time to fall asleep hopefully that changes soon."
"I had the Mirena put in a little over 3 years ago after my second son was born. I loved it for a long time despite the fact that I couldn&#039;t lose weight. I didn&#039;t gain any weight but I couldn&#039;t lose weight regardless of what I did. I never had a period either which was great. For about a year though I have been extremely moody, I have anxiety, I got painful cystic acne on my face, neck, even on my head. I am recently experiencing bloating and cramping. I go to get my IUD taken out in a week."
"Over the past two years I have used the patch 6 times. Well after my most recent experience I am going to resort to Dramanine again.  Like others commenting here, I had many more side affects after using the patch on both ends of my trip.  Dizziness, tired and vision issues.  But my tipping point occurred 12 hours after applying this last patch.  My 3 hour flight was great. No problems.  I arrived home very late, slept for 3 hours and woke with the urge to pee 6 different times in 20 minutes.  There was blood in my urine.  And painful cramping.  THEN remembered to remove the patch.  I slept with no more symptoms and felt fine. "
"I started on 50mg daytime and 50mg at night. Had upset stomach with vomiting for a few days then that subsided. Eventually my dosage was increased to 100mg during the day and 100 mg at night. I had some life changing events occur and I was able to accept them and keep on track with life&#039;s daily trials and tribulations. It just helps keep your thoughts clear so that you can deal with life&#039;s challenges. The biggest side effect was that I wanted to sleep all the time. I decreased the dosage back down to 100 mg but I only take it once a day at 5:00pm. It wears off enough by 7:00am. Then I have motivation to do things throughout the day yet still remain somewhat calm and focused."
"Within 15 min, my headache is a subsiding , 1/2 hr gone....amazing with little or no side effects, well tolerated!!"
"I had triplets as a result of taking Clomid, they were all boys.  "
"I just finished my very first month of this. Going on it I was terrified that I was gonna gain weight. I&#039;m 18, 5&#039;3 and weigh 180. I have moderate acne and I haven&#039;t noticed it making me breakout anymore than my regular. Sometimes it helps. I will say I&#039;ve been a bit moody but it&#039;s nothing out of my regular moodiness. I&#039;ve read some reviews on here of people just slamming this birth control to the ground. You just have to control your eating a little bit. 
Time to be a little honest. 
I started this pill and the second week I was on it we started doing it without a condom. I&#039;d say in the month span at less 15-20 times. He never finished inside me all but once (whoops) and aside from that I&#039;ve been just fine. Never got pregnant. I&#039;d recommend"
"I&#039;ve tried every kind of muscle relaxer from A-Z out there and Soma is the only one that has worked for me. I take it twice a day with my pain meds and have had no side effects from it at all. I have spinal stenosis and suffer from pain all day every day and its so nice to have a little relief. "
"I also have had repetitive urinary tract infections (UTI) for years. Lots of antibiotics, a few weeks clear, and then another urinary tract infection. This was really getting me down as the symptoms were toxic and systemic, and made me quite ill. A urologist suggested Hiprex with vitamin C twice a day. I have not had a UTI since. I feel well for the first time in years and am so appreciative of the advice. That constant, low grade infection on my bladder made me &#039;old before my time&#039;. Some days I just could not get off my bed. I am a different person now without those repetitive UTI&#039;s. I wish I had discovered Hiprex years ago."
"I&#039;ve been using Nuvaring since 2007 and have been very happy with it. I&#039;ve had no instances of it slipping out, and I can&#039;t feel it at all. I never really thought I was very acne prone when I started it. However, I had to go off of it due to insurance issues for 3 months and my acne EXPLODED like it never has before in my life. My hair was also super greasy at the same time. Once I got back on the ring, the acne and greasiness went away.
During the same time when I had the ring out, my sex drive was back in full force. I didn&#039;t really notice it was missing it before hand though! Light periods, no periods if you want. Weight gain? Not sure, I&#039;m fat anyhow and am always kind of gaining!"
"First time mom, 8 mo. old baby. Liletta inserted on Oct 19th, it&rsquo;s now Nov 14. Insertion was a VERY uncomfortable pinch, a lot of pressure in my stomach vs. where I thought I would feel I&lrm;t in my cervix. My Dr. had me cough during insertion which distracted me, BUT I realize the 4-6 ibuprofen I took before getting it made me feel less pain because when the meds wore off ...dear gawd...the discomfort and cramping was unbearable. Instantly regretted my decision and vowed to have it removed. I even went to the ER to have an ultrasound out of fear I&lrm;t was misplaced. The cramps, low back pain, discomfort and pain jumped from one ovary to the next made me miserable for about 4-5 days. Things got better but spotting since Oct 25 and weird smell."
"This drug saved my life.
It did not work for the first month and a half but when it did! Amazing results! No anxiety! And I suffered from panic attacks 24/7. Not saying this drug alone will fix all your problems but it helped me so so much! Gave me my excitement for life back"
"I&#039;ve been on 50 mg Pristiq for 2 weeks now. As a 39 year old male with anger/depression issues, I&#039;ve already seen a change in my behavior. I stay pretty mellow and let the small stuff roll (the things that used to make me really angry).  It&#039;s just starting to kick in so I still get angry but not near as much.  I&#039;ve also lost 8 pounds in less than 2 weeks. Side effects have been mild headaches, loss of appetite, and the weight loss. I experienced night sweats and weird dreams only once."
"I have a constant headache with migraines  as well.  I use this when my headache gets really bad, and this brings it back to tolerable level and helps me sleep. I only use this as needed. Average less than 3 a week."
"To anyone who has used or will use Percocet, for the nausea have your doctor put you on a pill called Zofran this will help with the nausea, they give it to cancer patients for vomiting. 

I am a huge believer in the mental help Percocet gives as well as the pain management. Had Gall bladder surgery in May 09 and after trying Vicodin, Oxycontin, Diluadid, Ultram, Percocet was the ONLY one that helped me with the pain. Eat before taking and drink plenty of fluids. This will cause severe constipation so a stool softener may be needed. Best medicine I have ever taken."
"very helpful for fibromyalgia"
"I&#039;m 53 and have migraines since I&#039;m 15. My doctor made me try a lot of medication over the years, including the Triptans and I had to go a couple of times to the hospital (urgency). Nothing worked until my doctor gave me Fiorinal. I&#039;m using Fiorinal for 20 years now and it works fine. I have less migraines today."
"Had to go in for an upper endoscopy. Was super nervous, as this was my first procedure ever. They put me under with propofol, and then I woke up in recovery. Couldn&#039;t have gone any easier. Couldn&#039;t have been any simpler. Hope I can help some relax a little, it really wasn&#039;t anything to stress about. Wish I knew that 2 days ago. lol. Best of luck to all o/"
"Terrible side effects after taking 200mg.
I felt like I was hallucinating; going crazy feeling. Sinus areas inflamed almost immediately with headache. I&#039;ll never take this again."
"Hi. I felt like posting here because I saw multiple reviews by people who had taken Zoloft for a few days, or a few weeks, and had bad experiences. I wanted to say that, though everyone is different, it will take at least a month or two before you start to feel &quot;better&quot; on any Anxiety med. Also, probably starting with a small dose and working your way up after several weeks would be a good idea. My GP told me to take half a pill, then go to a full pill after a week, which is crazy, and I had just about every side effect and dizziness for the first month. The second time around with Zoloft, I took one fourth of my pill, and ramped up every four days. If you have side effects, know that this is normal, and you will feel better soon."
"moderate/severe RA, it&#039;s not recommended. Tried it though; very little help. Withdrawal is awful due to anxiety/depression. Its not stated but there must be an ingredient that is also used for antidepressants in xeljanz. Most other countries in the world refuse this drug. Just be careful. Ask for other options!"
"I have had Bipolar disorder for 20 years.  I have been on lamotrigine for 11 years.  Before this I was on lithium mainly.  I always take my medication and have had no side effects or weight gain with this medicine.  Together with CBT I have found it life-changing!  Feel awake and myself again!"
"On Tuesday evening I felt the familiar tingle/pain. By morning a tiny blister had started to form on my lower lip, on my way to work I picked up a tube (non-pump) of Abreva. I applied it liberally all day. Package says 5 times a day, but I probably doubled that. I rub a tiny amount into the skin and then gob on more that sat on top. I haven&#039;t had any bad side effects from using more than it says, but this is just my experience. It is now Friday afternoon, the blister has shrunk and still not popped. It&#039;s practically unnoticeable. I can feel that it&#039;s slightly raised and it&#039;s slightly pinker than the surrounding skin, but it&#039;s very slight. No pain at all. fingers crossed it will be gone soon! Hoping for 5 days tops."
"I&#039;ve always had clear skin until recently, my skin isn&#039;t horrible but I never had to worry about pimples on my face.   I have always suffered from chest and back acne.   Been using this about a year now.  Not one pimple now,  this began working at week #1.  Everyone skin will react different to products,  instead of saying it doesn&#039;t work day it didn&#039;t work for you,  because this product is a winner and wonder healer."
"I took Atripla for two years.   Major bad side effects. Depression, insomnia, cholesterol issues, and pain. I recommend Complera.  I just switched to Complera and I can sleep again. "
"Love this medication. I suffered with painful periods and ovulation and terrible mood swings which all got worse after having my kids.  I tried various birth control pills but without a great improvement - especially with mood. I just had my third shot, I only gained 2 lbs since the first shot and I no longer have a period. I&#039;ve had some slight acne but happy to manage that - overall for me it&#039;s been great. Very happy. I should add that I am taking calcium and Vitamin D also."
"The only side effect is weight loss and lower heart rate/blood pressure.  No food craving. Highly recommended!"
"this is a real scam ! 
it not work !"
"19 yrs Male 175 lb

I was diagnosed with ADHD in March, being an engineering major made my psychiatrist skeptical if I actually had ADHD (I do), so he prescribed me Strattera. He told me it was completely safe and had no side effects. I took it daily, for a month straight, and I felt nothing. I 
told my psychiatrist this and he increased my dosage to 40 mg.

I continued taking my dosage daily and did not notice anything on the first week of my 40 mg dosage. However, I did start developing irrational thoughts. For example, I began thinking everyone hated me, soon after, I started becoming suicidal. I tried killing myself by overdosing on opiates, but my roommate called the ambulance. I stopped taking it, and I started feeling normal again."
"I have had Kyleena for 5 or 6 months now and I think it&#039;s the greatest thing ever. The first month was rough...the cramps were bad all the time and same with the bleeding. After the first month I still got cramps but not as bad as the first. I still get a period but it is extremely light. The reason I rated a 9/10 is the bad cramps I still sometimes get. I love having kyleena for birth control reasons because I&#039;m still young and in college and not ready for a family. I have been with my boyfriend for many years but neither of us want to start a family yet. Kyleena allows us the peace of mind to practice unprotected sex without the worry of becoming pregnant. If you can or want to get Kyleena I 100% reccomend."
"DO NOT TAKE THIS!!! I&#039;ve been losing weight and trying to tweak my meal plan but I sometimes don&#039;t get enough fiber and then become constipated. I took a single dulcolax before bed and woke up around 11:30 in extreme pain. I went to the bathroom and had a BM but immediately after I got so warm. I sat on the bathroom floor thinking I was going to die. I then proceeded to vomit. I will never take this again."
"7 years ago..had a P E  ..immediately diagnosed with COPD   first  med was SYMBICORT and then added SPIRIVA.... Still on SYMBICORT, but now combined with TUDORZA      Amazing  results in a month...  SYMBICORT thins the skin and I bruise very easily...that would be my only issue..."
"Finally decided to get serious about smoking cessation so my Dr put me on 150 mg 2X Daily of bupropion. I don&#039;t get all these people saying it increased sex drive, since it completely destroyed mine. Less overall interest, impossible to maintain an erection, next to impossible to orgasm my wife of 30+ years has been a hero through this and has really extended herself to help me get &quot;there&quot;). I have to agree with an earlier post regarding the validity of these comments. I can find not one shred of SCIENTIFICALLY documented evidence suggesting that sex drive or ability to orgasm is increased when only taking this drug for help stopping smoking. Guessing it must be pharm. reps writing these reviews."
"I was never taken BC before but I would say that this particular one suit me quite well. Before I took it I had an extremely irregular cycle, where I could go two or three months without having a period. Also, I experience pain and fainted from it. This BC has helped me with those inconveniences; also I do not break out with pimples. I haven%u2019t tried another brand OF BC but seem to work just fine for me"
"I&#039;ve been on Viibryd for less than 2 months. My depression is gone and I handle my anxiety better, but I feel disconnected and confused 80% of the time. I forgot how to write a cheque and get hot water several times. I also become very shaky and I feel like nothing is real and it takes everything in me to stay sane. It&#039;s working and making me worse all at the same time and I&#039;m not sure if these side effects will go away or not, but I work a lot and I can&#039;t afford to not function. Viibryd is helpful and harmful to me right now and I&#039;m not sure what to do. I&#039;m going to stick with it for 12 weeks and if the negative side effects don&#039;t go away, I&#039;m going to switch."
"Took pill after a weekend without BC.  Unprotected sex was on day 5,6, and 7 of my cycle.  I took the pill on day 7. I am 42 years old.  I did not get my next period until NINE weeks later.  I did not experience cramping, nausea, or headaches."
"I was on Otho-Tricyclen for about 8-9 years and I had no acne problems.  However, when I stopped Otho-Tricyclen at 28, my acne was terrible.  I had painful cysts on my cheeks and forehead.  I tried Solodyn and it worked for a while, however it was NOT very effective for an extended period of time."
"I have been taking Remicade for several years and I love it!  I have not had any side effects.  I instantly feel better."
"I started Neurontin 3 weeks ago for my migraines.  I started at 400 mg per day and now I&#039;m at 1200 mg per day.  I&#039;m supposed to go up to 1600 mg next week.  These are taken in divided doses. At first I didn&#039;t notice anything but today I woke up and I didn&#039;t have a headache (I&#039;ve had daily headaches along with frequent severe migraines for the past 3 straight months).  A mild one came and went a few times today but I feel better.  I&#039;m a bit sleepy and I&#039;ve been having some trouble remembering things (words, what I&#039;ve done, etc.) and I&#039;ve noticed that I&#039;ve been a little more moody (not by much) but overall I&#039;m happy that my headaches have improved.  They were ruining my life."
"I have been taking Pristiq since June 2009- almost 9 months.  I don&#039;t think I really had a clue at how depressed and anxious I was until I started on these medicines.  I remember going out on a boat and water skiing with no hesitations like the good old days! It was a beautiful thing! I was diagnosed with a rare auto immune disease and it literally consumed me from for two years. I would break down in doctors offices regularly, and started having panic attacks in the middle of the night and then finally during the day.   My side effects are on and off night sweats, and if I miss a pill I would have nausea and light-headedness, but otherwise sex is good!  It seems to work! Had weight loss = 5 lbs."
"I was prescribed 42 pills 250mg Metronidazole 2 pills three times a day. I&#039;m on day 3 and the way I take it is I take the pill and than eat and drink a lot of fluids that usually helps with that nausea feeling or metallic taste"
"I&#039;ve had mine for about 3 weeks now. I&#039;m terrified of my first period since I&#039;ve heard so many horror stories. When I got it put in it hurt REALLY bad felt like  labor but I had it placed at PP where they don&#039;t numb the cervix or anything. Afterward I cramped like contractions the rest of the day, but Ibuprophen helped a lot. I bled lightly for about 3-4 days and a week in I had sex which made me bleed very lightly on the toilet paper only for that night. Other then that I&#039;ve forgotten I have it and I love it so far. I&#039;ve had every other BC except the shot. The implant &amp; mirena made me bleed for months on end so I was happy I stopped the bleeding a few days after getting this in. I&#039;m still scared of my first period, but hopefully its not bad!"
"I spiraled out of control on pain pills about six years ago and it will be two years on this medication July 24/2010. It is taking me a little longer to wean off because I did have a relapse due to financial problems. This medicine is the best thing that can be out there for addicts. I hid it from my husband, mother, everyone that came around me. They had a slight idea that something was wrong, but since I was so mean and hateful they were all afraid to say anything to me about it in fear of what I would do. The first week of being on the medicine, my husband said that he could see a complete reversal of me and my personality. He says that he finally got his baby back."
"After suffering acute hip pain ,femer odema, shock wave therapy,MRI  scans revealed loss of cartilage and some arthritis  ,I had a cortizone injection which worked for 2 weeks and back to 10/10 pain .I had the Synvisc-one  injection which was very painful and had no effect for 4 weeks after which every day mobility improved and pain free movement ,with regular physiotherapy the mobility continues to improve every day after the treatment 4 months ago and I hope the results continue .100% recommend the product ,thanks so much for my improved quality of life ."
"This medicine is noting to mess with its very powerful and can change your entire personality while on this medicine I lost a relationship with my kids and my spouse I went from 120 to 98 pounds I would stay awake for days have violent mood swings and worst I felt suicidal all the time I was a mess no one knew who I was in was sick from losing so much weight and not sleeping none of this was me not of it got off the meds put my weight back on and fixed the relationships I ruined while this medicine I honestly think if I would have continue use it would be dead from either malnutrition or suicide BE AWARE VERY AWARE OF THIS MED!!"
"My doctor gave me samples of Belsomra and it kept me awake all night long. I literally got no sleep on this medication. Horrible medicine, I would not recommend this to anyone! I&#039;m so glad I didn&#039;t spend money on this medicine!"
"I would have given this a higher rating, as I used to love this pill. I went through 3 months in the beginning of irregular periods which I knew would happen, and once that was over these worked beautifully. No mood changes, no weight changes, regulated my period for months, and now I&#039;ve been on it for a year? maybe? and for the past 2 months I&#039;ve had my normal period, and then ANOTHER period 2 weeks into the new pack of pills. In 2 months I had 4 periods. Then the next month it was regulated and now AGAIN, 2 weeks into the pill I am spotting AGAIN. This is ridiculous. "
"I was given Augmentin to take after I Got an ear infection in the left ear but also had a perferated ear drum on the right.
I went to the drs after a week and not only had the infection started to heal I now had an infection in both ears.
He prescribed me more and seemed stumped as to why i was not improving.
Its now been 2 weeks and I have suffered diarrhea and have been dealing with thrush for the past 3 days.
On top of this I am constantly in a massive state of confusion and my skin is dry and red, my pill have ceased to work.
I have stopped taking them and am seeing the dr tomorrow.
Not only did the antibiotics not help my original problem now i have a whole list of other issues i need to fix."
"Lexapro was really good for me in the beginning, but I began having suicidal thoughts after about 2 months.  I had a similar reaction to Prozac when I was a teen, so just be careful."
"I have taken Yaz a little bit more than a month. I got bad chest pain every night and it hurt when I was breathing. This side effect was unacceptable so I decided to stop it after I talked about it to my gynecologist. I also have discovered that I am very sensitive to hormones so the dosage was too high for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking Brisdelle for almost a year and it has saved my life.  My hot flashes are very infrequent and I can actually sleep at night.  I have not any side effects that I&#039;m aware of.  Unfortunately, my insurance company refused to pay for it so I&#039;m using the manufacturers coupon.  Even with the discount, I&#039;m paying over $70 a month which I cannot afford.  When I see my doctor again in June, I will have to get something less costly which I know will not be as effective.  I&#039;ve tried other meds.  I&#039;m hoping there is a generic soon or a less costly way to continue taking the drug.  It changed my life!!!!"
"This changed my life for the better! I am 35 and just got diagnosed with ADD/ADHD five days ago. I can focus and I don&#039;t feel like my brain is going 2,000 miles an hour. I remember things and can finish things I start in order. It&#039;s amazing!"
"I have always had acne, especially around my mouth and forehead. Cystic, painful and ugly. I&#039;ve tried medicines, facials, expensive face washes, not washing my face, EVERYTHING. When I became pregnant the problem became so much worse. It was so bad I actually had people comment on it. I asked my baby doctor what I could do and she prescribed this gel. The problem stayed the same for a few weeks. It gradually got better and better and now I haven&#039;t have a break out in weeks. My skin tone is actually improving too. I would recommend this to anyone. I will continue to use this after having the baby as well."
"Nuvaring was the first birth control I was ever on and I&#039;ve never had any terrible issues with it in the 4 years I&#039;ve had it so far (18-21) My periods are so regular I can nearly tell down to the hour when it will start! My acne cleared up but I did gain a little weight but nothing crazy. Only issues is breast tenderness a week before my period that can get annoying but otherwise this birth control has been great and super easy to remember. Also, I was able to change my schedule for a vacation so I got my period a week before travelling which was amazing, it didn&#039;t screw up my body...just read the pamphlet on how to properly do this (and don&#039;t do it all the time!)"
"I was prescribed 25 mg for anxiety. I was nervous to take it, but did finally after not being able to sleep one night. I knew some people said it sedated them, so I was hoping it would just knock me out for while. Didn&#039;t do much the first night or two, but after that hump it has been working! I dont feel very different anxiety wise, though.. Like some said it might take the edge off a bit but nothing strong whatsoever. I do smoke weed however so it could be altering the affects for me.. not sure"
"I was introduced to Valtrex for HSV2 suppression in mid 2000 after surgery to my groin.  The outbreak was the worst I had experienced in the 20 years that I&#039;d suffered.  The daily 500mg treatment worked immediately in clearing up the outbreak, and much more importantly, I&#039;ve been OUTBREK FREE since then to the posting of this note, July 2011.  I&#039;m a believer.  Now the VA has changed my prescription of Valtrex, once a day, to Acyclovir, 400mg twice a day.  I&#039;m fervently hoping the suppressive qualities I&#039;ve enjoyed with Valtrex remain...keeping my fingers crossed."
"I was a 2 pack/day smoker for around 25 years. Went on the drug Chantix and quit smoking without much difficulty.  It has been 10 months since I quit and I still have no desire to go back to smoking."
"My mom died when I was 4 and last semester I always had anxiety in the background and now at 15, spring semester of &#039;08 I had some mild panic attacks and worry, nervousness, sadness and excessive shyness all day long. This medication is a life saver and I love it. They say 8 weeks for the full effect and sure it might re-balance your chemicals in 8 weeks, but give it a chance as it still takes a while after that for you to break out of your shell."
"It works, but not without commitment to quit abusing drugs."
"I switched to this from Cyclafem, which was a higher level of estrogen. This definitely helped control my mood swings and I even lost some weight when switching. What I didn&#039;t expect was I lost about 1/3 of my hair after switching. I gave it 9 months before stopping, and I recently just switched because I couldn&#039;t take the hair loss anymore"
"Have been on Genvoya 3.5 months. VL has dropped from 293000 to 78; CD4 is unchanged at 153.
There initially were no discernible side-affects. But have noticed problems with remembering things and forgetting words and really strange dreams. I am also on Welbutrin which apparently can also affect dreams. My kidney function has declined as well and I will  see a nephrologist this week. Am also on a diuretic for blood pressure which can also affect kidneys. So, we&#039;ll see."
"It works the best."
"Duloxetine at 40mg did nothing for my neuropathic pain but on increasing the dose to 60mg I did get some relief. Unfortunately as one of the previous reviewers suggested I had problems urinating so yes it probably does help with incontinence."
"Dear God! I am in the midst of taking this product, and while I have read EVERY online forum to get helpful hints and tips on how to make this palatable, I am here to tell you they lied! I am only on my third overall glass and just looking at it makes me want to be sick. I made it cold, added Crystal Light powder, and am trading each sip with a swig of Ginger Ale. Despite all of my valiant efforts this stuff is nasty. At this point I am invested. All I can say is, it better do its job! I should not be suffering through this at 30! Bring on the excavation."
"So far so good on this medicine, I have tried just about every birth control pill out there, the only (and most annoying) side effects I have had so far are: breaking out really bad, there are waves of breakouts (mostly on my chin) that I have never had before, I am hoping that will subside. Also I have been more easily emotional about things, like if something is sad, I am more likely to cry about it than I would before. Hope this helps people out there wanting to try this, beware of any acne that may arise!"
"I only took this medication for about 10 days, but I heard horror stories about birth control so was scared of taking it, but really it caused nothing major, just a bit of nausea that I could easily handle with some ginger tea. no sudden water weight gain, no acne, but I was a short while on this medication, the thing is it made me quite emotional in the last few days and , but probably it is that I am just in an emotional period of my life and the pill made my emotions a bit more raw, I just did not want to deal with that and stopped. But I think the benefits outweigh the these mild side effects, and it felt like they will subside if I continued taking the pill. try it."
"I got the nexplanon in January it&#039;s only been a little over a month now. They said it has to be put in while I was only period so I got it put in about day 3 of bleeding and stopped in two days. Then started up a couple days later for only two days and I haven&#039;t had one since. No cramps no weight gain and no pregnancy so far. I use to take the pill but got pregnant twice while taking it like your suppose to. My Dr told me after you&#039;re on the pill for so long your body does start to not work as well and I was on the highest dose so after having my daughter I got the implant. I love it no alarm everyday to take the pill no shots ever couple months no having to do anything after they put it in your arm it&#039;s good for three years. Best bc I&#039;ve used"
"I was prescribed 60 mg MSContin twice a day switching from the 50mcg/hr fentanyl patch because of side effects problems and the fact it only works for the first two days. I was diagnosed with fairly severe osteoarthritis and degenerative disk disease, last year at the age of 26.  After wearing the patch for a few months my natural pain tolerance nearly vanished.  Now taking this MS-Contin feels like taking aspirin or a small ER/CR hydrocodone dose.  "
"I take Ultram for degenerative changes in the lower lumbar spine,(spinal stenosis, dry disc) and for neck pain from auto accidents and sterno and acromioclavicular joint pain from open heart surgery.
It is the only thing I have used that works and gives me 8 hours of sleep. I only take it when the pain gets intolerable and renders sleep impossible. Have no withdrawal and the only side effect is constipation.
I highly recommend Tramadol. It helped me more than anything else."
"This really does work and the issue now is  I think my body is use to it now because I&#039;m starting to sweat in my armpits again."
"I wouldn&#039;t recommend this BC. It made me feel like I was in my first trimester of pregnancy again....nauseated, exhausted, aversion to food, etc. 
On top of that, towards the end of the first month, I ended up with major depression from this pill. Not to mention the spotting. I really wanted to give my body the full 3 months to adjust to this pill, but I couldn&#039;t do it. 
I hope people have better luck than me, but if you have the same experience, I&#039;d say get off Lolo ASAP."
"Only going into week four,  however. ..  I have left my house more in the past ten days than I have in the past several months.  Starting to clean the house,  to the amazement of my family,  lol. Also amazing how much better the children and husband respond when I&#039;m not biting their heads off every time they approach.  First week. . .. just plain felt weird,  kind of emotionless or with increased anxiety.  Second week almost the same,  almost decided to quit taking it.  After two weeks of obsessing and reading probably every review in existence online of fluoxetine I decided I was going to stick it out for a minimum of six weeks.  Boy. .. am I glad I did.  I haven&#039;t functioned this well for about fifteen years."
"I&#039;ve gotten cold sores for years. I&#039;ve had some disfiguring experiences with larger ones that scab over on or around my lips. They started in my 30&#039;s and over thirty years, have always been with me. Sometimes I go for 7-8 months without being affected but they never cease completely. There are times when I get one, it runs its course for about 10 days, then in a week or two, get another that can be more severe. Generally, it works well. Although it is still effective at controlling an outbreak and reducing healing time, it is far from a cure and outbreaks can still result in blisters even when taken A.S.A.P. after first signs. TIMING IS IMPORTANT. Take at first tingle is a good rule but if outbreak occurs during sleep, not much can be done."
"I certainly wish I could experience the loss that everyone is claiming here. I have been on Contrave 30 days and have lost 1 pound. I started going to the gym so I can&#039;t even give that one pound to Contrave.  It did make me feel foggy and a little nauseous at first but that soon subsided. Now I feel nothing. I was so hoping this would work for me.  :("
"I&#039;ve suffered from severe chronic pain for many years. I&#039;ve gone through all the opiates. My pain doctor put me on this worthless patch. Even at max dosage it doesn&#039;t even help mild muscle pain."
"My son went from Vyvanse 50mg in am and 20mg in afternoon over to Aptensio 50mg once a day. So far so good and he doesn&#039;t need to take a med in school which he likes.  It seems to last into early evening if we give it at 7am."
"I was diagnosed with a Yeast Infection for the first  time yesterday morning after 2 days of discomfort. My vulva was swollen, sore &amp; itchy &amp; my vagina was extremely sore &amp; it burned slightly. After I saw cottage cheese-like discharge in my underwear on yesterday morning I decided it was time to take action &amp; I went to my doctor. I was given one pill (150 Mmg dose of Diflucan) by my doctor. I took the pill at around 10:30am &amp; later on last night I began to feel relief! This morning around 7am I woke up feeling almost 100% relieved!! Not even a full 24 hours &amp; this medicine gave me relief! I can still feel slight itching a little bit throughout my day, but I&#039;m sure in a couple of days I&#039;ll be back to normal &amp; yeast infection free by Tuesday!"
"After my losing my first child, I soon started having these feelings like I was having a heart attack, chest pains, hand cramps, and could not breath.  After several trips to hospital, I was told it was a panic disorder.  That was thirty two years ago.  I was given Ativan to hold under my tongue, and I still use it until this day 3x 2mg daily as needed. I now have two grown sons, and two grandchildren but I do not think I could have made it without Ativan and great support group. I have no side effects just a calm, peaceful feeling."
"Have been taking Sertraline for 3 months and it has changed my life. Was prescribed it for anxiety which had led to depression. Was hesitant to take it (bad experience with Cipralex 7 yrs ago - no emotion/ loss of inhibitions) but my doc said this had less side effects and prescribed 50mg. 1st week was horrible, nausea, spaced out, twitching etc, Libido was 0 and had anorgasmia (like you&#039;re not depressed enough!) Noticed an improvement in energy after a week, things felt lighter and I was able to think more clearly and from then it&#039;s just been a steady improvement. 3 months in the depression is gone and my anxiety is at a normal level. I still feel emotion and best part is the big O came back after about 8 weeks!"
"I have been taking Prevacid for 10 years now. It had worked tremendously. I have tried to go without it but my acid reflux just gets to bad. I had two endoscopes done prior to taking Prevacid for scaring in my esophagus. Prevacid has healed my esophagus. I would definetely recommend it for anyone who suffers from GERD like myself."
"I have been getting urinary tract infections since I was a small child and the only antibiotic that has worked for me 100% of the time is Cipro. I have never had any side effects but I am not sensitive to any medicines that I am aware of.

I also use AZO Maximum Strength for the pain as an alternative to Pyridium although if I have a prescription, Pyridium is actually cheaper (with insurance) than purchasing AZO."
"Abilify is a very good anti-depressant so far as this type of medication goes. There are very few side effects, the only ones I&#039;ve noticed are a minor weight gain and a slight elevation in blood sugar, and I think that a good deal of that comes from the patient gaining his or her appetite back."
"I am 31, have one child and have had the Mirena for 2 years. My experience with Mirena was GREAT until I realized recently that all of my issues started when it was inserted. I have experienced COMPLETE lack of sex drive, hair loss/thinning, depressed moods and anger. Although these things could all be related to the &quot;stress&quot; of having a child, I don&#039;t feel stressed about any of it; I love my child, he is the sunshine of my life. All of these issues came up about 2 years ago - and I finally realized it&#039;s probably the Mirena. I am going to have it taken out, because my hubby and I want another baby."
"It&#039;s week three. Let me start by saying this is my third try at a different depression/anxiety med. And it actually seems to be working. Also I&#039;ve went from 290 at the dr. Office to 276 in 3 weeks I&#039;m 6&#039;2&quot; so it&#039;s noticeable. I use to stress eat, now I don&#039;t have the urge to constantly eat. I feel, not full, just in hungry and fine with it? Overall I give it a 9/10 the 1 is because it&#039;s only been 3 weeks. Kicks in quick(two weeks for me), go all day with no need for xanax or ativan. I&#039;m also alot  less angry. Hope this helps, explore all options. Everyone&#039;s different! Never lose faith and force a smile :)"
"Another poster said that Sertraline made her a better person.  That&#039;s really true for me. I wish I had started taking it years ago.  I don&#039;t get the full benefit with less than 100mg per day. Unfortunately, I have to stop taking Sertraline as I have a worsening spinal condition and I have to take NSAIDs (ibuprofen) for pain control.  When I take the two drugs together I bruise so easily that I worry about more serious bleeding.  For me, Sertraline has also reduced my libido.  I&#039;m a male in my 60s but I&#039;m not yet ready to give up on sex, nor is my wife."
"got my top and bottom wisdom teeth on my right side removed. I was prescribed T3&#039;s and they suck! I&#039;m in so much pain! Haven&#039;t slept because I physically can&#039;t! Hurts so much :("
"I usually suffer from cystic acne on my cheeks, RARELY on my chin or forehead. I never really considered my acne to be hormonal because in the summer I have clear skin, but when I go back to college I break out. I&#039;ve been on the same BC for about 4 years btw. I went to my dermatologist and she prescribed me 25 mg daily of spiro. I stuck with it for 7 weeks, but here I am at 7 weeks looking WORSE than ever before!! I have break outs in places I never had before. I would rather have dealt with my mild cystic acne on my cheeks than this stuff. I know it works for a lot of people, but clearly not for everyone. This past week I&#039;ve been severely depressed due to just how terrible my skin looks. I&#039;m discontinuing the use of spiro."
"Taking his medication has been one of the best decisions I&#039;ve made in my life thus far. If you are suffering from depression &amp; anxiety then just give it a go because well life is just too dam short!"
"Took the medication for about 2.5 years, in addition to various other antidepressants such as Lexapro, Effexor XR, and Cymbalta. It did help me feel better and more stabilized for about the first 6 months of taking it. However, after those initial 6 months I felt it did very little if anything at all and my mood began to deteriorate. Additionally, I also gained over 25 pounds. I have always been a slim to toned athletic individual, so this weight gain was very uncharacteristic of me. In fact, my condition got so bad that I was actually too depressed to even get out of bed most days and never exercised. My diet remained more or less healthy throughout my time on Abilify. Stopped~Thanksgiving 2014, lost 30 pounds since, all else constant."
"I got my Kyleena IUD inserted about 4 months ago. I heard very mixed experiences on whether or not insertion hurt - and for me it was extremely painful. I had pretty bad cramping and had to avoid exercise for about 3-4 days after insertion, which wasn&#039;t too bad. For the past 2 months I have been experiencing the worst cramps EVER that come at very random times. I have never given birth before, but I often think that these cramps must be what contractions feel like. I&#039;ve had ultrasounds and I have been told that the IUD has not shifted or anything, so the cause of the cramps is unknown. I&#039;m hoping they go away because I don&#039;t know how long I can take it!!"
"Oxycontin works great, as long as you get the right dose."
"I don&#039;t have that severe of acne, but I do have regular pimples, including the cyst-like kind that hurt. I get them on my face, back, and chest. Differin worked wonders on my skin with very little irritation. I recommend it for sure!"
"After 5 months of infusions I feel better although CIDP symptoms persist. Side effects were mouth sores/swollen lips both with white blisters starting after three days resolving after two weeks. Significant coverage of chest and back rash, large red blotches. Start on the fifth day and resolve after forming black scabs after three weeks. Will continue with last treatment and then quit."
"It worked great for me.. but towards the end put on 10 pounds.. but it really kept my mind positive and stable."
"When I first got this implant it seemed fine. After a couple months, I began to bleed regularly (every day) and my mood swings were horrible. I was prescribed a medication that took care of the bleeding but my moods were still crazy. Almost a year and a half later and I&#039;m getting it out. I have developed depression, and I have had several anxiety attacks. Before this birth control I was happy and enjoyed life, now I feel completely hopeless. If you have any history of depression or mood swings I WOULD NOT recommend this birth control. It will turn your life upside down"
"I had IUD inserted Dec. 2016. I found out I was pregnant in April 2017.  Didn&#039;t expect this to happen. I&#039;ll love my child. But I&#039;m not ready to be a mother of four. I&#039;m not satisfied with the results of the birth control. But I&#039;m getting a new bundle of joy!    Think twice before you decide your b.c. NONE are 100%"
"Paxil saved my life!! After marriage breakup and 3 children, a newborn and loss of home I went from 60kg to 44kg in 3 months, I couldn&#039;t eat or function. Started paxil, 1 month later woke up and felt fantastic, like I could conquered the world, got a job, had baby in day care, sold my car which I used for a house deposit, went for loan, success!!   The kids are happy, studied achieved Bachelors degree, ALL WITH THE HELP OF PAXIL!!, please give this wonder drug time to work, took me 1 month and changed my life. Still on Paxil 10 years later and doing well in life, what a miracle drug, where would I have ended up without Paxil..."
"UPDATE: so I&#039;ve been on bydureon for 6 weeks. I do now get the itchy lumps at injection site. The nausea I had in the beginning  is gone. Blood sugars are much better. No weight loss to report and what little appetite suppression i had In the beginning is also gone. I am 40lbs overweight and just absolutely struggle to lose 1 pound. I was really hoping this would work for me in losing weight. So far nothing."
"My 7 year old daughter was diagnosed with Ring Worm. Her pediatrician prescribed her this medicine.  It stopped the itch within minutes, and it started to fade in a short few days. My husband got Athletes Foot, so he used the cream and it was gone in 2 days. We make sure we always have a tube on hand. Highly recommended!"
"After taking heroin on a regular basis for a year, I couldn&#039;t sleep properly at night, insomnia and depression were the worst, until my doctor prescribed me quetiapine fumarate 200mg tabs, I sleep like a baby now 8-11 hours without any morning after effects, also helped me a lot to get out of depression"
"2nd night &amp; I am pissed!! I knew I wasn&#039;t completely healed so I had to continue the 3-day cream, but as soon as I used the 2nd tube the burning and eternal itching got sooooo bad!! Last night the pain, itch, and burning lasted for about 2 hours! Tonight, I&#039;m going on one hour hoping it&#039;ll settle down a lot faster. I hate that we go through this ladies smh. I&#039;ve found that an ice pack provides some comfort for the burn and swelling. I haven&#039;t had a YI in years. A day swimming &amp; forgetting to take my swim suit off right sway is what got me here...This is definitely what a angry V feels like!!"
"I&#039;ve had frequent steroidal shots in my shoulder for bursitis, but my doctor recommended trying naproxen sodium instead this visit.  I am very pleased with the pain relief, as long as I remember to take it!"
"To be honest I started taking Zoloft due to  my sex drive; my husband said that my sex drive was too strong for him. I always wanted it and he did not which made me feel rejected.I noticed that my OCD was under control and I am not feeling jumpy or angry at little things. Far as my sex drive, that is gone (smh) Though it was something that I wanted he is regretting this. I guess now he realized that he should have given in instead of holding back."
"Itching all over body then rash on eyelids. Very short of breath. "
"I was on Valturna 300MG for six months and it did do a good job maintain my high blood pressure.  While on this medicine I suffered daily unstable angina with severe attacks 1 to 3 times per day; severe sinus problems; low red blood count with mild anemia; congestion turning to pneumonia; and extreme weakness and fatigue.  I accidentally ran out of the medicine for four days and all these symptoms stopped. Went off the medicine for three weeks and was a new man and felt great. My doctor didn&#039;t believe me so I went back on it and on the 3rd day had another severe angina attack. I stopped the medicine now for 3 months, no symptoms. While experiencing these symptoms I had all the heart tests including Angiogram, Stomach Endoscopy, and Gall Bladder Tests all tests were negative."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for four years, and it barely takes the edge off for me.  I wish there was something else, but this is pretty much it after all the others stopped working, too.  "
"I must say Ocella has been nothing short of a miracle for me. In just 2 months my facial hair has deminished. I went from shaving,waxing, plucking EVERYDAY to not seeing any hairs on my face for 5 days now. My very heavy painful periods are already normal and I have lost 11 lbs. I have had no side effects. I hope this continues for the long term."
"I did 40 day injections and found the diet easy to stick to if you plan your meals, pre weigh and bag about 1 week ahead. I had headaches sometimes as a side effect but Tylenol worked. I started at 195 5&#039; tall and weighed 163 after stopping the injections. I waited 6 weeks and now weigh 167 and am beginning a second 23 day round of injections. I am convinced that the weight will stay off. I will continue with each treatment until I get down to 125"
"I took this for depression.  I give all anti-depressants a 0 because they don&#039;t relieve depression naturally.  escitalopram had some bad side effects.  After taking it for a while I got lethargic and apathetic.  It increased my appetite.  I had a couple of times where I experience extreme rage which I think was because of it."
"I have no issues with this birth control. And from reading what&#039;s happened to other people in so sorry. Luckily for me I&#039;ve found my dream birth control. I had my first one out in May of 2012 and just had a new one put in last month. No pregnancies not even a missed period. Big bruise at first but that is expected. It takes some getting used to in your body it is a foreign object, but the implant is different for us all I hope it works for others as much as it does me"
"I&#039;ve taken oral contraceptives for a couple of years, almost 10 years ago. I decided to try again and was prescribed Orsythia. While it does its job - I&#039;m not pregnant -  I&#039;m constantly tired and sleepy, my sex drive is almost nonexistent now, my breasts often hurt, and the first day of my period is very painful. I can take Tylenol for the menstrual pain but other side effects are unacceptable."
"I started in January so it&rsquo;s been been about 10 months on aviane.  I didn&rsquo;t feel any side effects or change for at least 6 months but then I started to get mood swings. I&rsquo;ll be happy sad and angry at the same time. Crazy. I started to have left pelvic pain a lot and lower back pain sometimes leg pain. Not sure if it&rsquo;s from the pill but I really don&rsquo;t do anything. When I started taking prenatal vitamin gummies just because I had them it made me feel a little sick. So I stopped taking the gummies and I&rsquo;m ok but I had a pap prior to pills and everything was clear except I found out I had chlamydia and treated me. No cyst. Doc said pills could prevent cysts too . I will get my pap in a few months and see if they can resolve this issue."
"I had this to get my IVF cycle organised Horrible side effects. Severe depression and mood swings. I had to stop the medication and cancel the ivf cycle"
"Used for two months now, Lunesta has been more effective than Ambien curbing early morning awakening.  The taste in the mouth is tolerable. "
"I began treatment on Qsymia under my physician&#039;s care in March 2014 at 249 lbs. and followed simple steps towards changing my eating habits and amping up my exercise regimine. It was not an overnight result. I had ups and downs; definitely more positive than negative. Today I weigh 138 lbs. I am a 56 yr old grandmother and feel better and more youthful than I did 15 or more years ago! My eating is a lifestyle, not a diet. My exercise is my therapy that makes me happy. The two combined gives me a healthy body and Qsymia jump-started it all. Going into it with the right frame of mind and determination will make all the difference. Qsymia is the tool that worked for me and I love what it did for me!"
"I an 53 and have OA under my kneecaps due to patellafemoral syndrome and poor kneecap tracking.  No swelling but lots of pain.  Can&#039;t take oral NSAIDs due to stomach issues.  Unfortunately, despite applying this three times a day for weeks there was no improvement in pain."
"I used this medicine for over 20 years for chronic sinusitis.  The recent 3x I have taken it I broke out in hives all over my body that lasted for 2 hours.  Has anyone else had a similar reaction?  Not sure how after all these years I have an allergic reaction to something.  Dr. gave me Sulfamethoxazole-TMP in lieu of Levoquin and I am scared out of my mind to take something new.  I have a 11 year history of random allergies to food and medications."
"I think Opana ER is a GREAT pain medication. On a 1-10 pain scale, I went from a 6 with the MS-Contin to a 3 with the Opana.  I get more done around the house (I can prep, cook, and clean, as I could only do 1 of those things continuously with the MS-Contin) so it does its job in that respect, but it has never lasted 12 hours. It seems to wear off in 8 hours on the dot.  And when it wears off, you don&#039;t just hurt, you feel like total crap.  Usually you don&#039;t feel like that as soon as a pain medication wears off but with this, you do.  If I get my dosage raised to 3 instead of 2 a day so I don&#039;t have to go through the yucky stage, I can&#039;t help but wonder how I&#039;m going to feel when I come off as I have only been on it for a month."
"I&#039;m on this medicine to help with a current ovarian cyst but the side affects are pushing me to surgery if living like this is my option.  It makes me feel depressed and ready to cry at the drop of a hat, angry, mean, antisocial and it has absolutely killed my sex drive.  I&#039;m on my fourth and last dose because I&#039;m not feeling like this anymore!"
"I&#039;m 25 and have been suffering from acne for more than 10 yrs. I tried many topical creams with hardly any results (Differin, tretinoin, etc). I had moderate acne, I would get large red painful pimples that stayed on my face for weeks and also very oily skin. Tried birth control Loestrin with no improvements. Then stronger topical creams- no avail. My dermatologist suggested Beyaz. As always I was willing to try anything. Within three weeks my face started clearing. Such a huge change! I&#039;ve been on the pill now for 4 months and I want to sing! I do not get large red pus filled pimples anymore and my skin is no longer oily even with makeup on. I still have one or two zits usually, but that is so much better compared to how I looked before."
"I started using oxys after car crash, after my Dr. cut me off, switched to heroin. My wife was ready to leave and I could not believe 5yrs prior I was happy in perfect health....now shooting dope  just to stay well. Went on methadone for 14 months, was 120mg p/day tapered down to 20mgs and went through a week of hell. Then I was put on 8mg strip of suboxone. Immediately helped, I felt great. After 4 months of suboxone therapy I ask  my Dr. to taper me off drugs completely. While the subs works, it&#039;s just another opiate if we are truthful. Long story short, a month after quitting suboxone I ended up in psych. ward with suicidal thoughts and major depression. So back on subs again.. Truth is, I lost me somewhere between my first oxy &amp; sub."
"I took this med for ADHD with hopes of helping w/anxiety &amp; depression. I had headaches right away and began lying in bed all day long. I wanted this to work so I stuck with it despite constipation, dry mouth/eyes and headaches. My mood was worsened and I had a flat affect. I didn&#039;t laugh for two weeks. It wasn&#039;t until I stopped taking it that I realized how depressed it had made me. Once out of my system, my libido also returned. Drugs change the brain chemistry and for some it works, for others it doesn&#039;t. Straterra is not for me."
"I was recommended Dulcolax after I hadn&#039;t been able to have a BM after surgery on my back passage. I took 2 tablets at 2.30 pm as I was desperate and at 9.00 pm I had an easy to pass (being first BM after surgery) BM followed by 3 more trips before midnight to the bathroom ending in diarrhoea. I didn&#039;t experience any of the cramps, shakes or vomiting as reported by so many others. I&#039;m still experiencing diarrhoea now 2 days later and although it&#039;s painful still, this is only due to the surgery I under went 6 days ago. Please remember every single person who takes Dulcolax will have a different experience to the next as our bodies will all respond differently to this medication . I would definitely take Dulcolax again. Hope this helps."
"While I prefer Migraten (which has caffeine instead of the sedative in Midrin), I LOVE these medicines for headaches.  They truly help my painful symptoms.  I don&#039;t feel &quot;high&quot; or groggy at all, like with narcotics.  If you suffer from migraines or tension headaches, try these for sure!  (Plus- this was the only relief I got for headaches during pregnancy)."
"Tasted better than what I took for the last one.   Best tip I can give is to put a pitcher of water and ice in the fridge.  When it comes time to mix the prep, mix it with the icy water from the fridge - put it in a 16 oz. glass and drink it right down through a straw.   Then fill the same glass up immediately with water and take a quick drink to chase any taste away.   After the first swallow, it&#039;s not so bad - but just keep swallowing.  Had no desire to throw up, no chills, and after about 3 hours of off and on projectile watery diarrhea, got about 5 hours sleep until the next dose.  But after that - was up for the rest of the night.  Totally cleaned me out.  Was told I would get the same prep next time (in 5 years)."
"I had a wonderful experience with this product. My period went away no cramps it is great. ...but I hear the string gets lost a lot and that&#039;s what happened to me.  An ultrasound was done and everything is in the right place but now it has been 5 years and it needs to come out.  What now?"
"I have been on mirtazapine for about 6 years. Tried Effexor before and found it so stimulating I couldn&#039;t sleep, felt like I was high, switched to mirtazapine instead had proper nights sleep. Mirtazapine is great for sleep, not to bad on anxiety.  "
"I started using this product about a month ago and I started seeing results immediately! I suffered from coarse chin hair and would often get ingrown hairs that led to scarring from constant tweezing and irritation. I barley have to tweeze anymore and when I do the hairs are thin and come out very easy. I do not know if this product has skin lightening agents in it but I have also noticed that my scarring has faded as well! After suffering for years and not being able to leave the house without make-up I am happy to say that because of this product I am starting g to feel confident in my own skin again! I absolutely would recommend this product to anyone who could use it. I am consistent with applying twice a day and am very happy with it!"
"I had a UTI and was prescribed Cipro (250 mg 2x for 10 days). The pain and frequency went down on day two and after day three, I felt normal. The only side-effect I had was itching."
"I took 1  5 mg a few nights ago. My body had unbearable muscle thrashing.  I woke up every 2 minutes spasming out of control it was very painful as well and couldn&#039;t get sleep."
"I had extreme sciatica pain radiating down my left leg to my foot. Only opioids would take away the pain. I didn&#039;t want to be addicted to opioids so my back and bone doctor suggested that I try Meloxicam 15mg once a day. After four days of taking the meds all of my pain was gone and not just my leg but generally all over my body. I have just been through chemo and hormone therapy for cancer. The only side effect is mild upset stomach. I strongly advise eating something before taking the medicine."
"I was taking Buspar along with Proactive and Xanax for 5 years...I felt great, so I stopped the Buspar.  Within the last 2 months I have had to completely detox off Xanax, and it was a nightmare, I hope to never feel that way again...long story short, I&#039;m back on my Buspar along side my Prozac and I can&#039;t remember feeling this good...The fog has lifted! !! My anxiety is all but nothing....I have never had side effects from Buspar either, and I take 15mgs twice a day. For those of you that have an anxiety disorder, this medication is definitely worth trying because you can cope so much better without all the hazy side effects from benzos. BEST OF LUCK!"
"I had my paragard inserted about 7 months ago, and insertion wouldn&#039;t have been so bad if I hadn&#039;t still be sore from ripping during childbirth.  With paragard my period started lasting up to 9-10 days with heavy bleeding.  I also started to have pain during sex.  About 2 weeks ago I developed eczema on my hand.  Today I had the paragard removed and felt instantly better.  According to the ob/gyn I may have a copper allergy because my cervix was red and inflamed.  She said the eczema could have also been a result of it too.  So in summary, paragard does work in preventing pregnancy, but make sure you don&#039;t have a copper allergy before hand, and remember that every woman is going to react to it differently."
"I&#039;ve been on June fe for 8 months now, at first I thought it was great! No more cramps, no acne (unless I was about to start), hadn&#039;t gotten pregnant. So perfect right? Well. For the past 3-4 months I have been in nothing but HORRIBLE moods. Like lock myself in my room so I don&#039;t have to talk to anyone and when I do it turns into an argument. I&#039;ll lay in bed and think really horrible thoughts also. I&#039;ll get random burst of anxiety and sweat my butt off. I&#039;ve gained over 13lbs since the pill, and even if I went to the gym it seemed like a never ending cycle of gain and lose. So overall I&#039;m not pleased with my experience with this pill. I highly advise to not take if you have ANY history of depression or anxiety of ANY sort."
"Ive been a chronic underarm sweater for years.  While this product did indeed stop my sweating, I&#039;ve developed a burning and nasty rash under both arms.  I&#039;ve only used it twice and somehow doubt I&#039;ll be able to apply it again. Going to check with dermatologist to find out why it is affecting me this way."
"I was on the depo shot for five years and had no issues. I didn&#039;t have a period, zero spotting never gained any weight from it and I liked not having to worry about taking a pill. My doctor and I decided to try something new so I tried the nuvaring I ended up getting pregnant about a month and a half later. I had my son six years ago. My boyfriend decided to get fixed after I found out I was pregnant. We just split up so I went in today and get my first shot. I feel a little more tired than usually and I&#039;m a little crampy but that&#039;s to be expected. I would recommend the shot. I don&#039;t want to have any more kids and this is a good one for me. I will not be trying anything else."
"I am 24 and have had clear skin all my life. I had to change contraceptives and got Implanon. A side effect was one to two very large and painful pimples appearing on a weekly basis. My doctor prescribed me Duac for the breakouts and I noticed results straight away. In the five weeks I&#039;ve been using Duac, I haven&#039;t had any pimples. My skin was very dry in the first week but went back to normal in the second week. It has been great for my skin and my confidence."
"When I was a teenager I had *mild* cystic acne---mild meaning I would only get one or two cysts a month, but the ones I did get were huge, red, painful, ugly, and often left a scar.  Years later, approaching the age of 30 and having exhausted every treatment under the sun, it was not getting any better.  My dermatologist suggested Spironolactone (100mg/day)... My skin got worse for the first few weeks, almost like my body was expelling everything... but I stuck with it and it&#039;s been a MIRACLE!!  My skin is smooth and acne-free.  The only side effect is I&#039;m groggy for a few hours so I take it at night.   Don&#039;t give up on it if things get worse initially, it is a hormonal treatment and might take a while for your body to adjust.  I LOVE it!!"
"I had the Mirena inserted 3 weeks ago to treat horrible periods which caused anemia. Insertion was no big deal (I&#039;ve had 5 c-sections). I spotted a few days after insertion then pretty heavy bleeding for about a week. I&#039;ve had zero bleeding now for about 5 days and had the best orgasm in my life yesterday. Oh, and I am 52 and still able to get pregnant (no menopause yet). So glad I didn&#039;t let the scary stories stop me from getting it. I feel like I got my life back. I hope it stays like this."
"My acne has gotten 10 times worse and my hair has been falling out all over the place. I used to take Seasonique, which was okay, but made me irritable which is why I switched. This was worse than my mood swings on Seasonique, and in one month I almost broke up with my boyfriend for literally no reason, twice. My period was much heavier than my periods before I started taking birth control 3 years ago. "
"It has worked great for preventing pregnancy, but has it&#039;s downfalls. It has increased my migraines greatly and also has lowered my sex drive. I have also noticed since taking it I have been less happy and occasionally a lot more moody."
"I have been on this four plus years and have not had any issues. It&#039;s easy, periods have been light and no weight gain or issues with mood. I highly recommend it."
"I am having my colonoscopy tomorrow. This will be my 3rd one and I can honestly say this prep was far more tolerant than the ones I&#039;ve prepped with in the past! I&#039;m GRATEFUL for the comments I was able to read because the lemons truly helped me. I drank the first 16 ounces in 15 minutes. It wasn&#039;t as bad as I was dreading. I used a straw and after each drink I sucked the juice out of the lemon. I drank about 21 ounces of water afterwards. The lemon took the taste away a great deal. I started going to the bathroom about an hour and a half later. I drank the second 16 ounces 4 hours later. My bowel started off green, now it&#039;s just clear. The taste was of grape salty sweet koolaid."
"I&#039;m a 30 year old male. I suffer from idiopathic, primary insomnia. Before Dalmane, I was a wreck. I could maybe seek out 2 or 3 hours of restless sleep per night. Awful.

My doctor had had me on everything from Klonopin to Valium, and ALL the tricyclic antidepressants. We even tried some older drugs like Miltown, and Seconal. I&#039;ve tried 30  prescription sleep aids over the years.  Lunesta worked quite well, but only at 12mg, four times the recommended dose! Needless to say, that would break the bank. 

Then we tried Dalmane. I have been taking 30mg to 60mg, an hour before bedtime for the last 5 years (combined recently) with 22.5mg of Remeron. I sleep 8-9 hours every night, without fail!  Any hangover is minor and actually gives me a welcome sense of calm. It&#039;s CHEAP, too!"
"The most amazing contraception ever! Cost me $150 to cover for 10 years. Thats in Australia anyway! Heavier flow but I loved it! No babies or side effects! Hurt like hell though putting it in.. As I had never had children I got a twilight sedation! haha...
And hurt getting it removed.
But absolutely nothing bad to say about it!!
If your thinking about getting one - get it!"
"I am a 27 year old female. I started noticing that I was going to the bathroom on average 12 times a day. I was losing sleep because I would get up 2 or 3 times a night, at work I was constantly running to the bathroom what seemed like every hour. I went to my obgyn who gave me a test and started me on 10mg of Vesicare. Within the first day I saw instant results. I have been taking it for over a month and about 2weeks ago I started to have severe abdominal pains, constipation and lower back pains, as well as light colored poop. I lowered my dosage to 5mg and everything seemed to get better until today. Same severe side effects again. I had to stop taking it."
"Very good."
"I have been on for almost six years I&#039;ve had it replaced once. This up coming October I&#039;ll probably have it replaced again.  For me the first one my periods were random.  No period for 3 months then spotting for one month.  After having it replaced the second time it&#039;s been less period all around light spotting.  Again considering it again in October just wanted to see the effects others have had.  No weight gain or acne for me. I have a slight temper already so wouldn&#039;t have noticed mood swings"
"I&#039;ve been on it for a week &amp; man does it work..Within 15-25 minutes I&#039;m going to the restroom 3 or more times. I take it when I know I have nothing to do for at least &amp; hour or 2 because you don&#039;t wanna be running errands when it starts to work as you will never make it home or to a restroom in time. I am on pain medication for 4 failed fusion back surgeries &amp; I was drinking miralax 3 times a day as doctor recommended but I couldn&#039;t leave the house because I was always running to the bathroom, when taking this pill I can plan days where I take at hours before my errands &amp; it runs its course before I have to go or I&#039;ll take it at night when I know I&#039;m staying home the rest of the night..I have had stomach aches &amp; growling stomach..It does give you some withdrawal.."
"This is so awesome reading everyone&#039;s reviews. These are real reviews to me. You read other diet adds, they are not real. I started in late August, 28 2013. I have lost a total of 15lbs so far! Looking to lose more. I was near the 200 lb mark. It&#039;s been like that since I had my last child in 2005. All this time I had been working out, I saw no changes. I needed a change because I have insulin resistance. That is scary to me. Diabetes runs in my family both parents. I love this pill!. It&#039;s amazing how much energy I feel. I did feel jittery when taking at first and not feel hungry but I ate anyways. I watch what I eat. Insomnia and dry mouth. Drink lots of water. I just want to feel better about myself. "
"I have been taking Norvasc 5mg for 6 months. It makes me tired, have had weight gain, and now have palpitations when I take it. It hasn&#039;t lowered my blood pressure by much. I exercise daily and take vitamins."
"I had Mirena inserted on September 2. I had very heavy cycles that lasted 8 days. After getting Mirena my periods are much lighter, no more ultra tampons and overnight pads at the same time! My cycle is 5 days but only the first day is enough for a super tampon. I spot the rest and most of the days nothing! Insertion was horrible, my uterus is really high and is kind of hidden behind my what&#039;s called the G-spot. I would go through it again to have the cycle I have now. Side effects are Breast tenderness constantly and acne. Still love it!"
"Had the infusion - 15 minutes - 4 days ago. On the day felt fine. The next day thought I was dying, chills, fever, nausea, whole body/bones/joints extremely painful.. Woke up every hour and had to drink water.
Day 3 felt a lot better and managed to go to work. Day 4 I feel fine. Not sure how effective it will be, will  have to have a bone scan in a years time!"
"I warn you to be VERY careful with regards to this medication. I started taking it in July 2012, and was at one point up to 120 mg a day. ( I absolutely no longer see the &quot;Dr&quot; who had me on such a high dose) It caused me to suffer neurological damage that took over a year to correct itself. I had involuntary muscle movements, rocking motions, tremors, as well as having to learn how to walk again normally, as it caused marked damage to the left side of my body. I was treated with physical therapy twice for the condition this medication left my body in. It is just not worth it!!! Do your research, as I am sure you are, since you are in this forum. This medication is even more dangerous than desribed!!"
"I have suffered Bulimia for about 10 years and at different stages was binging/purging up to 5 times a day. Over the years I have tried so many medications, but Prozac is the first to really assist. I started on 20mg, which has recently increased to 40mg. This is the only medicine/therapy that has dramatically decreased my impulse to binge/purge. I am feeling so happy within myself and it has really assisted with my depression and low energy levels too. One odd side effect I have noted is that I am yawning a lot, a small price to pay to being in control of my eating and mood. This is definitely worth a try if you are having bulimic symptoms and recommend it highly. Good luck."
"My previous birth control worked wonderfully, beautiful skin and I did not get pregnant. However, my PMS became  difficult to deal with, headaches, nausea, and fatigue. My doctor suggested I try LoSeasonique to avoid the PMS. I must say I was very scared because of all the negative reviews I found on the internet. I am happy to say it has been eights weeks and I am symptom free, no spotting, and best of all no PMS. One important thing I do is to stick to my 10 pm schedule everyday. I noticed they stressed this in the pamphlet, which made me concerned things might go wrong if I did not follow. Overall I am very pleased especially since I have not taken any pain killers the entire time. Hope this helps."
"NoDoz is the only medicine I can take that helps with my periodic fatigue and sleepiness during the day.  One pill around 10 a.m. gets me going to complete my most stressful job.  I don&#039;t take daily but when I did, I could instantly see the difference."
"I was not sexy. Now I look sexy. This stuff works. 

(Still on it because it&#039;s only been 4 months.)"
"15 year old that had severe plaque psoriasis, I tried everything from tropical ointments to solar treatment nothing worked. As soon as I started with enbrel I started to see results in about two weeks in less than 2 months I was 100% clear. Thank you enbrel (: !"
"Everyone&#039;s experience is different. I was prescribed paxil 20mg for depression /social anxiety. I have been taking it for over a month.  I was incredibly afraid to take it but now that I have been taking it I&#039;m really happy I did. This is the best I have been mentally my entire life. I read a lot of negative things on the internet, but that was not my experience. I have more clarity now. I LOST WEIGHT! I&#039;m happy waking up. I sleep amazing. I feel like I don&#039;t even have depression anymore. It has helped some with anxiety. I did have negative side effects for the first week, but that passed quickly. If you&#039;re like me you looked up things on the internet and got scared. Please listen to your doctor and not the whiney people on the internet."
"I started on 5mg and my doctor just moved me up to 30 today  (an increase over about 8 months).  Every time I start a new dosage, I feel amazing for a few weeks, like a new person, and then it slowly fades off.  Both my doctor and psychiatrist say this medicine will work well for me, we just need to find the exact right dosage for me.  My mom is on 20mg twice a day, has been for 10+ years, and it completely changed her life too.
With other meds I tried, had severe nausea, diarrhea, headaches, etc.  With every dose increase of escitalopram I had some &#039;chronic yawning&#039; for a week or so which was annoying, and I still have pretty bad restless leg syndrome most nights.  Weird and annoying symptoms,but I&#039;m happy to deal with them for the results"
"On week 2 of saxenda. I am down 5 pounds. No real side effects, other than starting to get a mild headache, which I struggled with before the drug. I am not a person who eats out of hunger, but rather out of boredom, so I was a little skeptical. I can honestly say, wow.. I am not ever really thinking about food. When I do have a snack, it is about a 10th of what I use to eat. So we will see how this goes. Good luck on our journey"
"I had Asthma diagnosis for 3 years. I was taking drugs like Flonase, Advair and Antihistamines almost continuously. After I found guaifenesin 3 years ago it got rid off all asthma symptoms. I am not taking any asthma medications any more, only guaifenesin."
"Taking 40mg 3x week for RIS, scans show MS but don&#039;t yet have a clinical diagnosis. Some welts and one large bruise but otherwise shots (all self inject) have been OK."
"Broke every bone in left foot crushed ! knee injuries left knee replaced last yr shoulder this yr it sucks getting old but nuycynta is a god sent miracle i wish ins would cover the regular not the time release i slept much better on regular for 2 yrs oh well rules"
"I&#039;m a 39 year old female and started taking this medicine a little over a year ago. It took a good month before I started feeling like myself again. I&#039;ve been on and off antidepressants since the age of 18 and this is one of the better ones. I hope to stay on this for a long time, even though I am trying to get pregnant and was told by Psychiatrist and OBGYN that I need to stop taking it during the 2nd trimester because it&#039;s a category C drug. Like any other antidepressant, if you miss a dose, you WILL feel withdrawal symptoms. For me that means gastrointestinal problems and tiredness. Also, it is VERY expensive; my insurance doesn&#039;t cover. "
"Ambien CR assists me in falling asleep but only briefly, often waking after just 3-4 hours. When it does work, I don&#039;t recall things like getting up to turn on lights and the TV full blast! I have also experienced dizziness, loss of motor skills and next day grogginess/sleepiness. Today I woke to find my small craft table smashed on the floor all the craft items scattered on the floor. A crash like that would most certainly have awoken me right? Well no it didn&#039;t and I don&#039;t recall knocking it over! So it had to be me while sleepwalking again! I have turned to taking it only when I am truly desperate for a decent night&#039;s sleep!  "
"I have chronic sciatica from wearing a gun belt for 15 years. This is the only medicine that helps me to live pain free. I have to work to support myself and try and save my house. If I am in pain I have to call in sick and then its downhill.  "
"This is the worse birth control ever. I was on it for 2 years and 4 months.. everything was fine for the first year then after that I slowly started to get acne 1-2 spots every day for that year. Then the last 4 months of being on it I started to get so many white heads around my cheeks and jawline &amp; it started to make the acne  soo bad like 10 pimples every where every day. Not even make up would cover it  nothing helped. It made my face so bad. It also made me loose a lot of hair, thinned my hair out and made me eat heaps, I gained a lot of weight. As soon as I got off it I haven&#039;t gotten any pimples since, no hair loss and I don&#039;t eat like I did on it. I wouldn&#039;t recommended it for anyone, I&#039;m now stuck with scars waiting to fade."
"Less than 7 days after beginning Crestor I had debilitating muscle pain and weakness in my legs. 5 weeks following and treatment by a neurologist who prescribed Lyrica, I am beginning to regain strength in my legs but I continue to have pain, especially on the right side."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon since March of 2010. I have terrible headaches EVERYDAY, severe mood swings, no patience, no sex drive. I love the fact that I am having no periods but it is ruining everything. I want to have it removed but I am afraid I will get pregnant BUT I know its the best thing to do because I am driving everyone away from me."
"My Healthcare Provider switched my 20mg daily dose of Lexapro to Zoloft. I was to completely stop Lexapro and begin Zoloft with a dose of 200 mg daily. 
That was 6 months ago. 
I am not having a good experience with Zoloft. My dosage was adjusted down over a period of 3 weeks to 50 mg. 
My mind was constantly whirling with anxiety, my mood was total chaos, swinging from depressed to mad. 
My alcohol consumption was increased both by quantity and frequency.
My appetite increased in the frequency of hunger and the amount of food I consume, but I never seem to hit the full feeling.
I am seesawing between 100 to 200 mg daily at this time, trying to totally stop Zoloft. 
Main reasons; weight gain (30lbs in 4 months ) &amp;  increased alcohol craving"
"I have been on Saxenda for several months now. It is the only thing I have been on where I see consistent weight loss. I am down 25lbs. Yes, there are side effects. However, I realized that most of the burping, throwing up, and gas is due to eating fried foods or greasy foods. I learned that with this medicine you have to eat healthy. You can&#039;t expect to lose weight and continue to eat the same way, well you can if you plan on being sick daily. Once I stopped eating that stuff, I have gone without the gas, the throwing up and burping side effects. In addition, the side effects are not gone because my body is used to the medication. After weeks without being sick, I went out of town and the side effects returned, because my bad eating habits returned as well."
"My experience with Remeron is short.
It worked wonders for me, but I stopped it as it causes awful weight gain.
21 pounds in 4 weeks. 
I looked pregnant.  It made me more depressed.
I would just eat. It does something to your brain that makes you feel as though you are never full. 
At night I would sneak food. 
I could not stop. 
I was at 30mg. 
I&#039;ve heard 15 mg is worse for weight gain. 
Also, this drug is also given to elderly patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and also given to people with eating disorders. (Bulimia and anorexia ) 

As I said. In one respect,  it did Wonders for me with anxiety and depression and stopped the voices in my head and helped me sleep.  
But I couldn&#039;t go through gaining any more weight."
"Had panic attacks since I was 8. Been on Xanax since then. If I don&#039;t take it I&#039;ll get an attack."
"If you suffer with occasional constipation like me and you suffer from irritable bowel syndrome then this is a great medication. It is very safe with very little side effects that most women will already go through. Like headaches and random nausea and dizziness. I take this medication 2-3 pills twice a day and I feel so much better being on this medication. It isn&#039;t normal to go a day or two or three or even a week like what used to happen to me without having a bowel movement. This medication will help you release all that waste you need to. It works great for me. IBS is not a fun condition but I guess it&#039;s just for all of us lucky people to struggle with and experiment trial and error. Give Amitiza a try it really works. Good luck!"
"I&#039;m 13 and in the middle of my 3rd month! My skin is the best its been in 2 years. I have some scars but the Accutane is getting rid of them but I still wear cover up just because I&#039;m so used to it. I started my treatment a day before thanksgiving and I&#039;ll be ending it in April! Although it&#039;s a hassle to get blood drawn and do the pregnancy test it&#039;s worth it! I recommend this for anyone who has annoying acne and has tried everything out there (literally). This is the best medication ever. I love my skin now."
"Had meniscus tear surgery five years ago on right knees. I was walking two to three miles five days a week. Beginning January 2017 started having knee pain and cannot walk half a mile. My ortho surgeon suggested some knee exercise and physical therapy. Went thru six weeks of physical therapy but did not help. Got  corticosteroid shot back in June 2017. Ninety percent pain free for about two months and then back to same knee pain I had before the corticosteroid shot .My ortho doctor suggested to try Synvisc gel injection treatment. Just got Synvisc gel injection 24 hours ago. This injection was little more painful compare to corticosteroid shot but able to walk to parking lot and my wife drove me back to home. I am already feeling lot better"
"I had been on Modifinil for over a year when I noticed the effects reducing dramatically so my doctor switched me to Armodifinil and almost immediately after taking I felt very hostile and aggressive. I did not feel more refreshed or awake. I tried it for almost a week and the feeling of anger was still there so I quit taking it and am working with my doctors to find another solution."
"I&#039;ve Been on this medicine for about 4 months. Completely changed my life"
"I took macrobid for two and half days felt sick. Plus I&#039;m scared of anything that poses a risk of side effects that are mile and half long. Macrobid made me so sick that  I ended up at the ER with swollen lymph nodes ,stiff neck, nausea migraine that caused eye pain, vomiting, chill I felt poisoned . My sister wanted  to stay with us because she was so worried about me. I was sick for three days in bed . Never , ever again I&#039;m only seeing nautropathic doctors and chinese medicine doc unless it is life or death"
"This medicine was started in a hospital setting, but lowered my heart rate so low that the nurses would rush in to my room every 3 minutes because my heart monitor would alert them. My Cardiologist gave me 2 doses, and wanted to administer the 3rd, but I declined. "
"I got my implant about 4 months ago, since then I&#039;ve had really long and heavy periods, spotting for maybe 2 weeks then I might stop all together for about a week, start spotting then have the heavy, prolonged period. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects such as the nausea and head aches like it said I would. I am getting more acne than I&#039;ve ever had though. I&#039;m just worried about these never ending periods."
"I was just given Nucynta 50 mg twice a day for Peripheral Neuropathy following a botched surgical procedure by my PCP.  The pain was constant and burning.  It disrupted my life and is wrecking my relationship with my husband.  He doesn&#039;t understand the pain of Neuropathy, Neuritis and Neuralgia.  I have been in pain for more than a year and I have tried many different pain medications such as Vicodin, Ultram, Percocet.  Nothing worked!  I have only taken 2 pills and I noticed that the pain is much improved.  It went from a 7 to a 4.  That is HUGE!  I did get nauseated and my breathing was shallow.  I also stumble a bit and I am not able to verbalize complete sentences.  That is disturbing, but it&#039;s worth it if I can experience less pain."
"Suffered traumatic relationship, erectile quality diminished significantly. Had weak erections during the night and morning like my body was trying but could not muster the strength. Cialis gives you your life back. Rock hard erections during the night and during sex. I highly recommend."
"This is my 6th month on Tri Sprintec. Overall it&#039;s been a positive experience. The first 2 months my breasts hurt - they grew another cup size - but after that there&#039;s been no extra tenderness at all. I didn&#039;t gain any weight, didn&#039;t have any abnormal cravings. Didn&#039;t go crazy, no change in libido (still high). My periods were heavier the first 2 months but then evened out; now they&#039;re light and only last 3 to 4 days. I had moderately bad acne around my jaw line and cheeks and it disappeared completely in about a month and a half. It&#039;s been effective against pregnancy. Not sure if my regime made a difference: I started taking the pills the 2nd day of my cycle and I take the pill at noon. Downsides: stiffness in limbs."
"I had a tear in my retina and needed to use a good eye drop after my laser surgery. I started using these drops and experienced horrible cramping and diarrhea. My doctor said she had never heard of that side effect but when I googled the active ingredient, it&rsquo;s used as a laxative! I&rsquo;m stopping today and finding other drops."
"No noticeable side effects. Except maybe for bowel movement."
"I&#039;ve been on Nuvaring for about 2 months after trying 3 different birth control pills over the past 3 years. I definitely recommend it for those who have mood swings or tiredness while on the pill and need a low-dose hormonal birth control option. For me I haven&#039;t had problems with either since I started Nuvaring. The only complaint I have is that sometimes the ring gets uncomfortable during sex and dry, but I&#039;ve just gotten into a habit of taking it out."
"My experience with Pristiq 50 mg works wonderfully. I&#039;ve been on it for more than 2 years and don&#039;t prefer any other. It&#039;s low on side effects and it makes me feel like my true natural self, no zombie feeling at all. For the women in their 40&#039;s...Pristiq is a miracle medicine to lessen hot flashes and allows you to sleep well. No worry with sex problems, you will not have any problem."
"10-12.5 mg for insomnia works well.  I will take it earlier to avoid grogginess.  It also helps with the low mood you develop when you don&#039;t sleep well."
"Halfway through month 3 on this and not sure what to do. First two months consisted of most of my time break through bleeding, then during the time which I was supposed to have my period I had none. I also have been experiencing extreme agitation followed by periods of sensitivity and crying--neither of which is normal for me. Also, my boobs have swollened up a cup size and are always sensitive. Skipped my placebo pills second months and started third pack because I had already spent so much time bleeding. Symptoms have lessened but now it seems I am experiencing loss of appetite and sex drive. Not sure if I will continue on to try month 4. This pill has my moods swinging so much that I&#039;m questioning my sanity since I&#039;ve started them in Aug"
"I have been on Pristiq for one month. Previously I was on Wellbutrin XL 150 (buspirion) but I was getting very irritated and angry. As a kindergarten teacher, this was not good.  Pristiq has me happy and smiling again with little irritation or anger. The one thing that Pristiq is doing is making me binge eat. With Wellbutrin, I lost 20lbs after 4-5 months. One month on Pristiq and my weight is going back up.  My motivation levels are down, I don&#039;t want to get up and go to work. 

I want to ask my doctor to let me try Wellbutrin and Pristiq together. I am hoping that the two together will work to get me motivated, happy and losing weight.

"
"Amazing for me!

I react poorly to pain medications in general, typically resulting in intense nausea. This medication however, on multiple occasions, turned migraines so severe all I can do is scream and flail, into pure nothing within 15 minutes. 

This seems almost a miracle for me."
"The flector patch is the only medication that I have been prescribed that has significantly helped my lower back &amp; hip pain.  I have been prescribed oral pain pills &amp; they didn&#039;t touch
 Of course, the insurance won&#039;t pay for them.  Let me just say that without the patch my life is painful enough that I am pretty much in a recliner all day.  I am going without other things to have the patch.  My pain level would be 8 to 10. With the pain patch it is 3 to 5."
"Honestly, great drug!  I had this for wisdom teeth removal and it was smooth and nice.  Don&#039;t listen to the other reviewers as I (someone with anxiety disorder) did they&#039;re all wrong and fake.  Midazolam is a great drug, it won&#039;t make you go insane.  Anyone from &quot;versed busters&quot; or &quot;patient modesty&quot; are just anti-medicine hippies.   Midazolam won&#039;t cause any of the side effects the people writing negative reviews claim, they&#039;re lying through their teeth.  Only bad effect I noticed was I had a dream my wisdom teeth were being removed in the shopping mall, which was probably the Ketamine they also gave me.   Great drug, don&#039;t listen to the negative reviews, they&#039;re fake and wrong."
"Works for me. I did suffer from loss of appetite, weight loss, vivid dreams, headaches and tiredness within the first month of it but after that all leveled off and my anxiety was lowered. I was on the 10mg."
"I&#039;ve been on the Nexplanon for just over a year in November 2015. I decided to try it because I was on the Depo for too long. I went 10 months with no spotting or bleeding. I&#039;m guess&#039;n my body was slowly taking itself off the depo. About 3 months I spotted for about 5 days. Then the 4th month I spotted for about 5 days, stopped for a day or so &amp; started back for about another 5 days. It finally stopped maybe the 3rd going into the 4th week in December. I was like thank goodness. Now it has started back up on the 15th of January 2016. It started light and seem to get heavy at times. It has been 2wks as I type this and it&#039;s nerve wreckn especially when you at a job that you can&#039;t just up and go to the rest room to check yourself. Getn it removed ASAP"
"It&#039;s only effective in the sense that I&#039;m not pregnant.  I got it in around March 2014. I&#039;ve set my appointment to get it out.  I&#039;ve gained 30 pounds and my diet had remained the same since before it was put in. I&#039;ve also had really bad acne."
"I have to say this is a great medicine for people to try especially if those having difficulty sleeping.  I had mania and my highs and lows have become stable.  I have been taking this for about a month and noticed a difference the next day.  It does have an awful taste but it is worth the benefits.  My cocktail currently for Bipolar 1 is Effexor XR, Depakote, Lamictal, and Saphris.  I plan to ween off some of these medicines since Saphris has been working well.  I have tried Abilify and Seroquel and had bad reactions."
"Worked great. After several years I am having sound sleep. Thanks for those who developed it."
"Works fine in controlling my BP with no noticeable side effects"
"I was diagnosed with SVT following complications from a vaginal hysterectomy at age 58 (pulmonary embolism, pelvic hematoma and pneumonia).  ER diagnosed it as A-fib; cardiologist later said SVT following 48 hr. Holter monitor and echocardiogram.  Started me on 25 mg once a day which I take at night.  Have been taking about a month and it is working well.  Heart racing if I have it is not noticeable; pounding heart occasionally but tolerable and minor compared to what it was previously.  Recommended going up to 50 mg but I am going to keep trying at this dose longer.  No noticeable side effects, no weight gain or sleepiness."
"I have been taking this pill for 5 months to even out my hormones. It took my body only one week to adjust to the pill, which I don&#039;t think is bad. My period lasts from 2 to 3 days, very very light, no cramps. I do get hungrier before the cycle, otherwise I try to watch what I eat. To all the ladies, everyone&#039;s body will react differently to the pill. The main point is that you have to find the pill which will not affect you in any way. Generess Fe is not a bad pill, it&#039;s just for some people it works, for some it doesn&#039;t. I honestly don&#039;t have any problems with the pill, I feel great. Before the pill, I was depressed, stressed. This helped me get rid of stress, anxiety and depression."
"Cleared up my symptoms within a couple of days. Felt much better after day 8. No side effects, as I also take acidophilus."
"This has been a miracle drug for me and my wife, it has brought a balance between us that has never been there. She can tell when I am not taking it right away within hours of missing a dose, it is truly a life saver. The clarity it brought has given me a whole new lease on life."
"This is the first time being on birth control. I&#039;ve been on the pill for 3 months, I am 5&#039;2 and I was 130lbs before, now I&#039;m 150lbs. I don&#039;t have mood swings, and my sex drive is still pretty high, and my skin looks amazing.  Overall the pill does it&#039;s job."
"I started on Paroxitine approx 4 weeks ago  due to a long episode of depression and anxiety. I noticed a difference within about 10 days of starting this medication. A month down the track I feel so much better, almost like a new person."
"I have been on these for 7 days and they haven&#039;t helped at all even though I have changed my eating habits."
"I&#039;m jealous but happy for the people this medicine worked for. As for myself, I took it for about 4 months (along with Cymbalta which I&#039;d never taken). This combination made me crazy. At first, I didn&#039;t want to smoke, then wanted to smoke more. Also, was convinced I could only eat chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream (Don&#039;t even like ice cream). Gained 50 pounds before I became aware of my insanity and stopped both medicines. Hope others have better luck and it seems many of you did. "
"Took the pill every six hours for two weeks after shoulder surgery to deal with the immense pain. It worked! Then I stopped one day. Big mistake. The withdrawal took a week and I felt like going to the ER. No one told me to taper off. The pain became unbearable again especially after physical therapy and now I only take one an hour before PT. Bottom line, it works but is a narcotic so addiction CAN happen and withdrawal must be executed carefully."
"I am so glad I&#039;ve stumbled upon this page. I&#039;m 24 with a mild YI that started yesterday. It is now 3:26 am and I am dealing with the most uncomfortable burning feeling I&#039;ve ever had in my life. I&#039;ve tried the 7 day before and it didn&#039;t work well for me so this time I&#039;m trying the 3 day and omg! The YI its self didn&#039;t even feel this bad. It would be nice to be able to get some sleep but being that this burning woke me out of my sleep it looks like it&#039;s going to be an all nighter for me. I&#039;m so happy I&#039;m not alone in this. Stay strong girls !"
"First month was awful, with 3 week period and constant crying and mood swings. 2days into the second pack, my menstrual stopped, along with the mood swings. I was on Nuba ring before this and gained 20lbs "
"I received my Implanon in July 2008. The first year was alright.  Now I have experienced extreme weight gain that I cannot seem to work off. I have my period all the time now  twice a month, very tired and severe cramps. I am going to get it removed."
"After my wellness checkup and blood analysis, I was told by my md to start taking Vit. D3-2000 daily.
I took it as recommended for 2 days and I noticed that I was experiencing dizziness, tiredness and really bad cramps in my hands, feet and legs.  I thought that I was dehydrated and drank more water.  The cramps kept getting worse and I also started having increased palpitations and more dizziness.  As the only change I had made in my daily regimen was taking the D3, I decided to stop taking it to see if it might be the cause.  Sure enough, these symptoms disappeared.  So, why are we being told to take this?  Several of my friends and family have been advised to do the same lately.  Is it a new &quot;health&quot; sham?"
"I have taken 1 mg oral tablets of Clonazepam for several years.  There are days I do not take it because it can create logginess. My wife was going to have to move to another room due to my every few seconds of leg movement while sleeping. This medication has completely eliminated the  restless leg kicking. 
The side effects are the feeling of logginess with difficulty getting up in the morning."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about two weeks. Since starting, I&#039;ve had very increased anxiety, a dull headache every day in my temples, and restless sleep/resulting extreme fatigue. The medication has not had any impact on my very moderate acne. I have noticed some water retention/bloating as well. I&#039;m going to finish the month out, but the side effects I&#039;ve experienced so far are not at all worth continuing to take this. I am so tired on a daily basis that I can barely function, due to the inability to sleep soundly, even when taking a sleep aid."
"Am 48 yo woman. Have Fibromyalgia, Myofacial Pain Syndrome, Diabetes, Neuropathy, 4 joint surgeries (tendon reconstructions on both elbows, and two surgeries on left ankle for complete rupture of Brevis tendon, recent fractured L2 vertebrae, and degenerative arthritis in fracture area and neck. Also lost my father and daughter both in the past 24 months. 

On Vicodin for daily pain and 10/325 Percocet for flare-ups.  Tried morphine with terrible side effects so had to quit. 

For really rough days the Percocet works well. I take with 4mg Zofran. Lifts depression because people feel less depressed when pain is relieved!  May also work due to other reasons. 

Always take on empty stomach because when I take with food I get less effect."
"Hey everyone! So i had sex and the condom happened to break! I was near my ovulation time. I took Plan B maybe 30 min to an hour after it happened. The next day I felt super nauseous. I worried myself to Death looking at reviews. But please just relax!!!! Reviews will just worry you and make things worse! I ended up getting my period on time, but it came 2 days early. I had brown spotting a few days prior to getting my period. My breasts were SOOOOOOOO sore. But hey I&#039;m not pregnant! And I&#039;m getting on birth control this month. I wish the best of luck to all of you! And please be safe! I know a friend who took plan B and it didn&#039;t work :("
"I was diagnosed with Bipolar disorder about 6 years ago and had my share of trying different medications to get it under control. After multiple trials with medicines my doctor finally found the right combination for me (Lexapro, lithium, (Depakote had sexual side effects), Synthroid, trazodone at night, multivitamins and B-1 vitamin). This combination worked great to get my mood swings under control. Once my mood swings were under control, I started having extreme anxiety attacks. I was then diagnosed with anxiety disorder as well. My doctor prescribed 0.75 mg Klonopin 3 times a day, as needed and it is a lifesaver. Klonopin knocks my anxiety down within 15 min. I have been taking it for 3 yrs with great results."
"This was prescribed to me by my sleep specialist for multiple vivid nightmares on a daily basis. I started with 1mg, didn&#039;t notice a difference and I am now up to 3mg, still no decrease in nightmares. It&#039;s been over a month and the only effect this medication has on me is waking up with zero energy and feeling drained throughout the day."
"Just found out I had diabetes about 7 months and also noticed that I was not getting erections. So after 7 months I want to GP who prescribed viagra. After using just one 50 mg one it worked and now I&#039;m back to having erections as before and early mornings ones too. It&#039;s absolutely great medicine."
"This medication helps, although I have to take it twice a day and about 40mg at a time for gastroesophageal reflux disease. Does not stop all the burning problem, however does help take the edge off the pain so one can work."
"I&#039;m on my second month and I&#039;d say it&#039;s doing what it&#039;s intended to do. My periods are slightly less heavy and I don&#039;t have the normal monthly cramping like I used to. I have not lost my sex drive, and if anything its been increased. However, I did notice a change in appetite and a feeling of never feeling full. I seem to want to eat everything in my path. My acne seems unchanged, but maybe it&#039;s too early to notice."
"Fortesta was my 1st try with a hormonal treatment. My Doc rocks and had a discount card. Was following the directions as my Testosterone levels were not in the normal range of 400-900 mg/dcl. Anyway, after the same depression, insomnia, overall and weakness symptoms some described here, my mega blood work revealed that I was at 109 on the Tes-scale. 
Only warning I would put forth is to watch the dosage. I experienced some &quot;fits of irritability&quot; and then slight back pimples, etc. So I adjusted the dosage to half and lasted twice as long. Worked out well as I am of smaller stature at 5&#039;-6&quot; and 142lbs. Too much testosterone. Works well and dries quickly.
"
"Was one 60 mg for 4 years, had some relief from panic attack with depression. Had some rough times job related, medical issues not related to above, and doctor increased to 120 mg. normal dosage is no more than 60mg according to insert in med bottle and Internet. After 3 years on this dose it quit working. The withdrawal was the worst thing ever. During taking Cymbalta, I developed diabetes. Withdrawal took 8 months and pdoc gave me lamorigine, an anti seizure med for withdrawal. As I tapered off my diabetes went away! Pdoc denied Cymbalta caused it. I googled it and proof, all SSRI&#039;s can cause hyperglycemia!  I&#039;ve tried everything from Prozac to lexipro. Same crap. Now on transidone and back to having normal feelings"
"The insertion was a breeze but the two weeks following it I was depressed and had a ongoing headache. I was on my period forever and it seemed like having sex caused me to have my period. I talked to my doctor about my continuous period and she prescribed me medroxyprogesterone. Its a pill that you take for 21days to stop the bleeding, it worked until a few days after I stopped the medication and my period came back. I&#039;m on my third bottle now. My only issue are the periods but I doubt I&#039;ll take it out of my arm. I don&#039;t know if weight has anything to do it, I&#039;m 5&#039;6 and 118 pounds.. everyone&#039;s body is different. I didn&#039;t get acne or weight loss/gain."
"My son was on Abilify for the past year and he has been tic free.  I am upset because we now are taking him off because his liver enzymes are to high.  I wish this didn&#039;t happen because he has been tic free since he started taking it."
"This drug almost killed me within the last four months that I have been on it after taking it for five years, and in my own personal opinion, it should be taken off the market!!! I have suffered from extreme soreness in my stomach, extreme exhaustion where I was sleeping almost all the time from being exhausted, dizzy, irritable, lightheaded, very hot hands and feet, swollen throughout my whole body, extremely agitated and angry (which is out of my true character, as i&#039;m normally quite positive and happy) and I was waking up in the middle of the night with a horrible &quot;quiver&quot; in my throat that felt like oxygen was being cut off until I sat up and calmed down until it passed. THIS DRUG SHOULD BE BANNED!!!!!! IT&#039;S POISON!!!"
"I just started taking phentermine. I like it that the diet pill controls my appetite. The only problem is I have been up for 2 days and can&#039;t even fall asleep."
"I recently started taking Blisovi Fe 1.5/30 and my experience has been awful! I started taking it to regulate my periods. I have had minor headaches, lots of fatigue and nausea, I was vomiting towards the end of finishing my first pack (horrible) I can&#039;t sleep at all, I find myself staying up until about 5 or 6 am until I force myself to lay down and sleep because if not I could stay up all night! I have abdominal pain sometimes &amp; I have lost my appetite &amp; trust me I like to eat. I have been sick for a total of about 3 weeks &amp; a day now &amp; things are starting to concern me. I know it says that irregular bleeding is normal, but being on your period for 2 weeks with semi heavy bleeding? I don&#039;t think so...."
"Whoever designed the applicator tube doesn&#039;t have their head screwed on correctly! It was difficult applying it since it&#039;s designed with sharp rounded edges. It hurts to even insert it, worse after applying it literally started burning very, very badly! I have never felt anything pain burning sensation inside my vagina after trying to treat a yeast infection. I usually buy the knock off brands (Walgreens,CVS) but seriously never had any horrible experiences like I did with Monistat. Ladies look elsewhere or go see your Dr. I personally don&#039;t recommended this product at all."
"About 3-4 months of using this medicine I started to notice the way it effected my thinking. Things would come up in my life that would&#039;ve normally triggered my depression. However when these things happened, I felt a fake sense of relief. I felt like I wanted to be upset about these things that were happening, but my brain wouldn&#039;t let me. It felt unfamiliar and unlike myself. It was as though I could feel a whole layer of feelings that I was unable to express. My doctor switched me over to Zoloft and I&#039;m noticing better results."
"I have been on Nuvaring for 4 months and as far as comfort I don&#039;t even notice it and neither does my partner, so initially I loved it. I was sold, until I noticed I have been consistently breaking out like a teenager, I am unusually dry and it is painful at first during sex because of this. I was willing to deal with that. What scared me off of the ring is that every month a week before I start my period, I have gotten really dizzy, lightheaded and have been getting headaches. After reading all the reviews about blood clots, I just don&#039;t think it&#039;s worth the risk and side effects."
"I havd been taking Losartan 50 mg for 10 years. I had eclampsia with my second baby and never went back to normal. 5&#039;10&quot; 158 lbs very active 45 year old woman. I excersice and on low salt diet for years. It stopped working and my Cardiologist put me on Edarbi 80 mg. Worst drug I&#039;ve tried. I&#039;ve been on it for 3 weeks. My BP is getting higher and higher. Last reading of 180/100 today. From second dose I&#039;ve had chest pressure, shortness of breath, really bad back pain. Left arm pain... fluttering in my heart. I had never had any of this symptoms before. The only thing that has changed was Edarbi. I&#039;m really scared and seeing my doctor tomorrow to stop thus drug immediately. Not worked for me :("
"Not working for my back pain, wonder if I will be able to ask doctor to increase from 100mg.  I have been confused  which I didn&#039;t connect with the tablets. Thanks for your comments, it may help me to stop taking them or increase mg. I cannot sleep with pain, maybe I&#039;ll just take at night."
"This is only related to the insertion, it was easy and I felt absolutely nothing. It felt like a Pap smear honest to god truth."
"I got this implanted in May 2015, so it has been almost a year. It started off great, light spotting, not pregnant, less cramps. 6 months in I started to get heavier periods (My period was never heavy before I got this) and they would be longer each month. I would get about a week off and it would come back. My cramps have gotten continually worse the past few months, as well as my acne. I have also gained 20 pounds (but that could also be attributed to me going to college) but overall, this birth control does what it&#039;s supposed to, with some uncomfortable side effects."
"I had implanon inserted a few months ago due to frustrations with the birth control pill and breakthrough bleeding. After reading many experience online the insertion experience and what side effect I may experience seemed daunting - however, I can confirm that the insertion process was only the discomfort of a needle to numb the area and then a feeling of pressure and it was all over. The area felt uncomfortable for about a week and now I hardly notice it at all. The biggest thing for me is that after 3 months I am yet to have a period or any break through bleeding. My experience so far is a positive one with no major side effects to note. I am grateful for no longer having to remember to take a pill everyday."
"I had been taking Savella for about four years and had no idea how well it was working until I decided to go off of it, because I do not like taking any medication. Within a few days, it was clear that without medication             ( Savella) I was going to be in pain. I saw my doctor and asked to try something else. I was put on bupropion and then later switched to  Adderall for the chronic fatigue and pain, caused by fibromyalgiai. The bupropion made me dopey and lethargic, even after two months. Then I tried Adderall, which did help with the fatigue but the pain came back and worsened over the next two months. I am totally convinced that nothing works better than Savella...at least for me. I started back on Savella and 
feel great."
"Have seen dramatic improvement from Afrezza.  

"
"This pill works good. I have been taking it for 3 days and symptoms are gone! I have been suffering from bacterial vaginitis for a year and ignored it. I got checked out for everything else except for B.V. and just thought it was something normal until I got pregnant and started having a lot of stomach pain and discharge so I told my doctor about it and she prescribed me this medicine. I can say this medication works wonders."
"Extreme fatigue, unclear thinking, aches, irritability, dizziness."
"I&#039;m on 350 MG for PTSD With recurring nightmares. This medicine really works. It&#039;s like being put out with gas before a surgery. It&#039;s black sleep. No dreams and uninterrupted sleep."
"I was switched to Blisovi after my other generic was discontinued.  I was on it for two months before realizing that it was almost certainly the cause of the severe anxiety, depression, and mood swings I&#039;d been having for two months.  There were days I couldn&#039;t function because my anxiety had gotten so high, and nothing was actually going on for me to be anxious about.  I finally realized that it started pretty much right when my BC got switched so I&#039;m going off of it now.  I have never felt so miserable in my life."
"Hey everyone. Taking this pill saved my life. Im 18 and just started college, i had sex with condoms but it was my first time and I heard a pop (=didn&#039;t know what it was). I felt like being pregnant would be so unfair, especially since we did use contraceptives. My boobs hurt a lot thoughout the process, i had severe back pain, i was tired, really moody, and freaking out for 3 weeks because i thought i was pregnant. I got my period 2 days early, thought it was implantation bleeding, but took 4 tests and they all said negative. I&#039;m telling you this messes up your hormones big time. your period is not gonna be the same most probably, and that&#039;s normal. Just relax guys, this works. stress makes it worse!!!!! and it could push back your period!!"
"I am amazed-   I have been smoke free for a few years now.  While taking chantix I had awesome dreams- seriously awesome very vivid and loved them!!!  After a few days of taking the med the taste of a cigarette is terrible - this is how it helps you and the craving goes away.  Seriously this is the best thing out there to help you quit.   My husband was on it and quit for three months but started back up-  he just started it again.  He smokes about two packs a day and he will need to continue chantix for a few months.   Never stop quitting!  I know many people who have quit using Chantix.  (Wish there was a version for weight loss!!)"
"I have been on this birth control for awhile now probably a year. I love the fact it makes my periods super light and super short. I even skip periods often which is scary but a relief at the same time. The biggest downfall is the fact I am depressed a lot and have zero sex drive.  I blame the birth control because I have gone without it for a few days because I ran out and I felt like a new happy woman with a sex drive."
"My BMI is 33. Bottom line, this works, no or minimal side effects. I keep losing, not hungry anymore, and fill after a few bites at a meal. I need a new belt already. 4 loops in 2 weeks. Stomach keeps shrinking. Before I would go to the fridge all day and snack, and never feel full at meals, it is incredible. I feel 20 years younger and a lot more active. All within 2 weeks."
"Day 6 and I have not had a cigarette. No struggle with withdrawal symptoms seems like a puff on the  inhaler solves that issue. Glad I decided to try this.  I believe I will make it this time."
"I have been on the medication for nearly ten years and it has changed my life! However if I miss a dose the sweating comes back. I take two a night because it makes me extremely drowsy. Another side effect I have noticed is that it can make me feel anxious. But overall its the only thing that controls my hands and feet from sweating!"
"I am a 57 year old male who struggled through five years of college and finally gave up without getting a degree.  At home I would start projects and never finish them.  In my early forties, I finally earned a BS degree out of sheer determination.  My wife, who is a psychologist, gave me an IQ test and found that my IQ is rather high.  I started asking myself, &quot;Why have I been an under-achiever for most of my life?&quot;   My wife suggested that I might have ADD.  I started taking Adderall XR 20mg about 6 years ago which changed my life for the better. I am now able to finish things that I start.  Plus, I don&#039;t procrastinate nearly as much.  I now read entire books, newspaper articles, etc., without quitting part way through."
"Have done the full arsenal of anti-depressants with minimal to no resolution of my SAD/GAD. I am a generally healthy 48 year old male that mysteriously  2 years ago developed intense GAD/SAD: terrified flop sweats in meetings, avoidance of all social gatherings/interaction, non-stop anxiousness, and a handful of panic attacks. Under recommendation from my therapist my GP reluctantly prescribed clonazepan (Klonopin). 1 mg 2 x day. The full 1 mg made me a bit glassy eyed and dull. Reducing to 0.5 mg in the morning - to handle work-related anxiety and 1mg at night before bed. Success! I am close to the goofy outgoing person I was before the anxiety kicked in full-force. Bravo! I have found the right mix - finally."
"I tried buspar in addition to 200mg of zoloft. it was meant to enhance the zoloft. Unfortunately , it didn&#039;t work for me. I was on it for about 5 months, and during that time i kept having on and off discomfort , like my heart was beating harder,my stomach was always really bloated, my body heat would rise and I&#039;d have a hard time cooling down. The symptoms were so mild I didn&#039;t really pay much attention to it, but after a while i got tired of the negative side effects and decided to call it quits. Almost immediately after i stopped taking the medication, all of those negative symptoms went away so I definitely know it was the buspar. if anyone has similar side effects, just stop the medication after two weeks max, its not worth it."
"Been on it since I was 29. Panic attacks almost non existent. Since been on it bad nausea and vertigo when first taking it, cut dosage to 50 mg a day at bedtime."
"Propranolol has given me the best tremor control with the least amount of side effects. I tried 4 other medications before my new neurologist suggested this. It&#039;s changed my life. No need to increase after 6 months. Some orthostatic hypotension has been an problem, but it seems to be due to mixing this with other medications required for my other health issues."
"I was really afraid about the pain after reading the reviews but it was so easy! I took misoprostol the night before to soften my cervix which they said may cause cramps and had none. I went to get the IUD today and barely felt a pinch! I also took 800mg ibuprofen at bedtime and an hour before my appointment and I had a baby 12 weeks ago. Definitely recommend! Don&#039;t be scared off by the reviews, everyone is different!"
"I was prescribed Subsys after being on the fentanyl patch for 6 months, 100 every 48 hours and as my cancer progressed and treatments happened, which caused more pain, I needed something for breakthrough pain really bad, I would be put down to my knees from the pain and just lay in my bed moaning like a child but Subsys works within minutes, eases the pain where I can feel it just literally fade away. I&#039;d be in a wheelchair without it, or bedridden. "
"This new 20 min IV just about killed me and put me in the hospital for 7 days, then rehab for 2 weeks. I had the chronic upper thigh pain which made my right leg and foot numb and I need a walker to walk now. My calves also are very painful. This IV stopped my urination and I had to go to the ER.
My urthea tube was completely closed and urologist got 3 1/2 liters off my bladder. I have to now have a cathier for the rest of my life. My kidneys did turn around but were very bad in the hospital. 
I have stage 4 prostate cancer and was on adreia and lupron shot every 3 months.The adreia IV was 2 hrs.
I handled These meds very well but my new oncologists decided to change to zometa.I was not told about all of these side effects."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for almost my entire life to help keep off bad infections and it&#039;s been a miracle worker for me (I don&#039;t have any natural immunity, was born that way) so this pill helps me avoid any bad infections and thus far has worked great. I&#039;ve never experienced any side effects from it."
"Due to a huge amount of stress that has taken over my life; I have been getting extreme acne lately. I&#039;ve tried everything I possibly can to rid these nasty Zits. My boyfriend luckily is completely non-judgemental, or I&#039;d be single if I was with an idiot. My doctor just prescribed this huge bottle of orange pills. Monocycline 100mgs 3 times daily. I&#039;m hoping there are no side effects. I will update how my recovery goes in the near future. :) let&#039;s hope for the best because I need clear skin... I&#039;d die for it. I swear it&#039;s something in the water that causes me to break out. I do everything normally and shower almost three times per day. There&#039;s no reason I should have acne because I&#039;m completely hygenic. Oh well... Let&#039;s give this a go! %u2764%uFE0F"
"I take this every night for my Sleep disorder (periodic limb movement) , without it I would wake in the am feeling like I got hit by a bus! Also tired, this relieved it all."
"My dermatologist put me on Doryx a few months ago and for a long time I didn&#039;t see a difference but within the past 3 months my acne has cleared up and it looks so much better than it use to and I really only break out now before my period. Only now I&#039;m getting stomach pains and I&#039;ve been told to slowly wean myself off it."
"I could always fall asleep, but could not stay asleep.  Three hours a night was normal.  I needed help and Ambien, etc. were harsh.  The doctor suggested trazodone and I tried it.  She said it might take time to work- but that first night I slept 9 hours.  I&#039;ve been taking it for four years and it changed my life.  No side effects except for drowsiness on days 1-2 and if I&#039;m off of it for any time.  I take 50 mg and am a 200lb healthy male.  This medicine is under-prescribed for this indication."
"I went to the doctor from experiencing mild acne, especially on my forward head. I have combination skin, oily and dry in different places. Also scaring from previous acne. The doctor prescribed the cream Duac, she told me to wear it at night before I go to bed and wash my face off in the morning. Its been a few days now and I already see a change. No new pimples are appearing, old acne clearing, and past scars are fading. It is in my opinion, very effective and quick. However, it does dry out your skin, but along as you moisturise it should be fine. I would definitely recommend this product."
"Hello  I have had severe acne for almost 10 years. I carried on because I don&#039;t have enough money to check in dermatologists. And thankful of my boss he bought me to the hospital here in Kuwait Adan. Doctors give me the medicine  doxycycline and taking for 1 month and also cream Ipeduo and now thanks be to God the acne cleared. And now am comfortable with my face and when I look in the mirror happy and can smile without curiosity. 
Thanks doxycycline and Ipidou cream"
"Awesome. Started working right away, within a day or two. No noticable side effects. Easy to take. Only drawback is some insurances do not accept it and it is rather expensive. All natural."
"I was on Loestrin for 3 years. My experience on this pill was overall a good one. I was sexually active and never used back up, the pill kept all pregnancy scares away. Cramps stopped and stayed away for 3 years until they reappeared suddenly and was one of the reasons I switched. I had little acne and no mood swings (to my knowledge), my breasts did grow almost 2 cup sizes. The only problem I had was due to my own fault. I never took my pill with anything and I&#039;d take it right before I went to bed. In the morning I would feel extremely ill. I fixed this with just taking my pill at dinner. I switched pills because all of a sudden I started bleeding and cramping all the time and not following the pill schedule."
"I was very nervous to take Soma after doing some research on it. I decided to take it after being in terrible pain, I was surprised that when I woke up in the morning I could function with little pain. I decided to take 1/2 a pill instead at night and I have had great results.  Soma works better than the narcotics do especially at night. If they could just make it non-drowsy it would be the perfect medicine."
"After 3 months of severe anxiety and depression, which got worse before my periods, I wound up having a panic attack and went to the ER. I thought my life was ending, my world was up-side-down. I had no drive to do anything and worried all of the time. My doctor figured out that I had PMDD and prescribed me Celexa along with YAZ. I haven&#039;t felt this good ever. The first month on Celexa I was very tired, but other then that I have felt great."
"Second day taken Contrave. First day I had some nausea, my mouth started to get watery which for me indicates that I&#039;m about to throw up, mild cramps in my stomach but the stomach cramps soon went away after 20m. Sleepiness and tired. My head felt like it was heavy and my jaws felt tight after a while. I felt calmer than normal and somewhat high as if I took one puff of marijuana. My mouth was dry so I drunk a lot of water to relieve the dry mouth symptoms. Cravings were minimal. Today I took the pill about the same time as I did yesterday and had the same results along with diarrhea. I had a panic attack thinking about the side effects and thought about going to the hospital but luckily my mom calmed me down some so I&#039;m now writing this."
"It only works about 1/2 the time.  When it does work, I feel refreshed when I awaken.  I don&#039;t understand why it doesn&#039;t work for me every time."
"This medicine saved my life!  All of a sudden at the age of 39 I was covered in hives on a daily basis for months.  Antihistamines and steroids didn&#039;t do the trick and I was miserable.  Within 2 months of being on this I am completely hive free.  I wouldn&#039;t be able to function without it.  Love it!"
"I&#039;m 42, started this pill as a birth control method &amp; also to hopefully reduce my heavy monthly periods, 2 months in now &amp; my experience is horrible! I have 1 week left of pills &amp; I&#039;m not going to continue to take them...
1st month started pack on Sunday after my period was finished, after another 7 days approx. of taking the pills I have another full 6-7 day period...then after that around day 21ish (which should have been when I was supposed to get my period) got it yet again...
I&#039;m on pill pack 2 now...I&#039;m now due for my period, I&#039;ve had breast tenderness for 2 weeks and horrific cramping every evening (I take the pill in the morning) occupanied with nausea...side effects make it hard to tell if it&#039;s the pill or pregnancy!"
"It is absolutely amazing, my skin would flake like a snake. It cured my skin and it was silky smooth. In Canada we can get it on the shelf."
"Prozac kept me &quot;in check&quot; for around 30 years until it &quot;pooped out&quot;.
When added to the 20 mg of Brintellix, the addition of 2 mg of Rexulti has significantly improved my MDD symptoms. I began with the starter pack and went from 1/2 mg for a week, 1mg for a week and then to 2mg which I have been taking for the last 3 weeks.
I have not experienced any side effects and fortunately my Dr. has been providing samples to me until I can find a way to obtain this drug at an affordable cost."
"64 year old male who recently underwent prostate cancer surgery. I have tried Cialis in the past and it worked fine. Recently I tried Staxyn (recommended by my pharmacist as a cheaper alternative) and found it to be every bit as good as the higher priced products. I cut them in half (they go twice as far!) and they still work amazingly well. I get the flushed face routine and a stuffy nose but I also get hard as a rock so great trade off."
"I love Trinessa! It works great and there are no painful side effects or weight gain or anything of that matter. However, I have experienced terrible nightmares while on it making it difficult for me to want to sleep, and I am ALWAYS aroused while on the pill which is another thing I don&#039;t like. Overall, great pill and I recommend it!"
"I was prescribed trazodone for my depression. I couldn&#039;t sleep at night and I don&#039;t feel like it has helped me. "
"I had been using Norvasc for 15 years with very limited success. Seven months ago my new GP prescribed Plendil 5mg. The effect was immediate and suppressed the Raynauds symptoms HOWEVER I became very hot and flushed in the face.
I was given 2.5 mg for two weeks and then went back to 5mg with no further problems."
"Well, Plan B worked. It worked and here we are a year later, no baby. However, the side effects are HORRIBLE. I threw up 3 times a day for a week, bled heavily, and had cramps so bad I couldn&#039;t get out of bed. But, hey. Discomfort for a week or two or an unplanned pregnancy?"
"Tried this medication and it did not work. Side effects were bad. Headache, upset stomach, could not sleep. This medication for 1 month cost over $300.00 and there is no generic. "
"I have been taking Elavil for a month now, and I am almost migraine free.  I was started on 25mg at bedtime.  My headaches lessend, but still had them.  Maybe one out of 4 was really bad.  So my MD doubled the dose to 50mg a night, and boy that did the trick but I stayed tired all the time.  I went back to 25mg every night and now it seems to be working very well for me.  Just takes time to adjust. So if you have just started, hang in there, it will get better!"
"I was diagnosed with MS is 2014 not long after I had optic neuritis in my left eye.  The neuro opthamogist misdiagnosed the optic neuritis as a mini stroke.  So sad too bad but you are blind in your left eye.  It took a hospital stay of a week before a neurologist finally got suspicious and ordered several tests, mostly MRIs and a spinal test before confirmed.  The problem was I was a 68 year old male, very fit from playing tennis 4 days a week and working as a pilot.  I was on two medications, copaxone followed by techfadera .  I failed on both as I had more symptoms and more lesions on the brain.  i am now on tysabri , am positive for the JC virus , monitored but doing tremendous.  A wonder drug.  I prefer quality of life versus quantity."
"Generally satisfied with Levitra. Some annoying side effects (congestion, facial flushing) but manageable. I have found it to be effective and helpful (I&#039;m over 60). When I take it at night, the effects are still lasting in the morning. I generally cut a 20 mg in half which works just fine. Would give it a higher rating if not for the side effects. I am guessing it goes with the territory as it seems the &quot;big three&quot; erectile dysfunction medicines all produce similar side effects."
"I had a baby about four months ago. At the 8 week postpartum checkup, I got the Nexplanon implant. Many women (according to my midwife) go for the IUD (Mirena or Paragard) but the thought of a piece of plastic sitting in my cervix/uterus after I&#039;ve just had a baby seemed like a minor form of torture. So I asked which birth control methods could be taken while breastfeeding and she recommended Nexplanon. I&#039;ve had no period, no mood swings, and it did not affect my milk supply. I don&#039;t even remember it&#039;s there 95% of the time. I would recommend this method of BC esp if breastfeeding. Also it&#039;s covered by Medicaid."
"I love the patch. I&#039;m 17 and I use it to regulate my periods. They used to be very irregular and long and now they come like clockwork. They&#039;re kind of heavy but they only last 4-5 days which is so nice. The first week of the patch I felt pretty nauseated and I had loss of appetite, but after that I was fine. No nausea, no headaches, and my breasts got bigger. The only problem is that I&#039;m extremely emotional. I overreact and cry a lot, especially before/during my period. Overall, though, the patch is great, and way easier than the pill. I recommend it. "
"Got it for dysmenorrhea. Spotted for a long time (2-3 months) and ended up taking it out at 8 months because it aggravated my cramps even more. The spotting did eventually stop but my periods only lightened slightly. I had not ever been pregnant and the consensus with the girls I know is that this one definitely works better if you have had a child, and Skyla is better for non-mothers. I put on some weight and my mood dipped a little, but my acne stayed neutral (I already had moderate hormonal breakouts). Got it out today and felt immediate relief, but wish it could have worked out."
"I have had Mirena for going on 4 yr in June and love it!  Insertion was quite uncomfortable... But not bad!  I never have suffered from bad cramps and continue the same (except 1 night having extreme discomfort.)  My boyfriend picked me up from the couch and took me to bed... I was in so much pain.... Constant most horrific cramping... Crying myself to sleep... He wanted to take me to hospital!  And I have had 2 kids 1 vag 1 c sec.  But I just wanted a dark rm and sleep... Woke up the next day normal!  Only bad experience the whole time!  Periods have ceased at moment... But usually monthly until 2 months ago pretty normal until stopped!  But I do recommend and give 10... Even with the 1 night!  Implanon was bad... Constant period!"
"My doctor recommended that I print out the coupon from Pfizer for the 3 free tabs before he prescribed Viagra because of the cost.  I was directed to take 1/2 of a 100mg tablet (which was easy to cut in half).  Seemed to start working 45 minutes to one hour after taking.  Worked well, but 4 hours or so after taking it, it wore off.  Yes, was trying more than 1 hardy attempt! This went on for almost a year. Doctor switched me over to Cialis. Cialis has become my &quot;weekend warrior&quot; pill as it lasts almost the entire weekend."
"I should have read above before buying/trying. This stuff BURNS and ITCHIES like anything. I have the 3 day supply. I inserted the cream, all was well. I immediately then applied the tube of creme to my labia area. OMG within 10seconds it was hot fire flames. 
Like someone poured alcohol on wound.  I hopped around hoping it would go away but I could not help by using my hand to get that crazy itch. I tried to wipe away the residual cream with water. But it still burning by the vagina itself.

I am hoping once the cream starts to seep out it doesn&#039;t continue. I have to work tmrw. I have wet rag cooling in the fridge to apply nxt.

This is worse than the yeast infection itself. HORRIBLE Product.  They must not have tested this trash on women before release."
"I have been on Pristiq for 8 months, 50mg. Also on Wellbutrin 400 mg for 2 months. Pristiq has been wonderful. The Wellbutrin added to it just made it that much better. In the beginning I didn&#039;t have any side effects. Now I&#039;m having trouble with insomnia and jaw/neck clenching. I am going to start taking the Pristiq in the mornings as a lot of people have mentioned its better. I&#039;m going to see if that makes a difference in the insomnia. If not I&#039;m going back to the Doctor and get something to help me sleep. Other then that Pristiq has been great. No depression. No mood swings. No anxiety. My boyfriend has noticed these changes too. Good luck to everyone"
"This is the absolute worst. I was on Gildess fe 1/20 before it was recalled and I loved it. The only issue I had with that one was that I had loss of appetite. Blisovi Fe 1/20, on the other hand, is absolutely terrible. I have had the worst emotional outbursts, super angry all the time, bouts of depression (where I don&#039;t even get out of bed) and even now, after 10 months of it, my periods are so messed up, it&#039;s insane. The average duration is 10 days, incredibly heavy and incredibly painful. I&#039;ve always had a regular 5 day periods with light cramping and moderate flow and now it&#039;s all over the place. I usually have 2 a month which is irritating and I can&#039;t wait to switch it. DON&#039;T GET IT. IT&#039;S TERRIBLE."
"I&#039;ve had very intense migraines since I was 7 years old. Finally went to a neurologist last year and was given 10 mg. This medication changed my life. I missed school at least once a week because of my migraines and now I get at most 2 a month. try not to miss any because its caused me to have a headache the following day. When I do get the occasional migraine, excedrin also works wonders."
"I have been using Suboxome for 8 yrs.works well to stop opiate use. DO NOT TAKE 16MG/4MG PER DAY IT IS WAY TOO MUCH. I TAKE JUST ONE STRIP PER DAY(8MG/2MG)SPLIT IN 2 DOSES TOTAL PER DAY. The problem is now I am hooked on the medicine. I am trying to find a way to get off of it,it is very difficult.I have had 2 surgeries over last 3yrs which required pain meds. When I took the opiates prescribed it took away the pain without the high. Good Luck!"
"On June 1, 2009 I started taking Adipex-P 37.5 MG. I have now lost 15 lbs. Going from 196.2 lbs. down to 181 lbs. I was hoping to lose much more, but I also know that if you lose weight to fast you can put it back on fast. I work out 6 days a week for about 30 to 90 mins. I will be going to Doctors office on Wednesday for check up."
"Once the pain starts, it takes longer to kick in. If taken slightly before the time period ends, there is no break in pain relief."
"I&#039;ve found these to be very effective in stopping my panic attacks &amp; feelings of anxiety, however I&#039;ve felt quite tired, generally lacking a level of energy, so think I might cut down from 3 x a day to 2, but overall good :)"
"I like NuvaRing and I have been using 2 months, but the vaginal irritation is horrible. No other real side effects. Breastart are always tender, no mood swings, appetite changes, weight loss/gain. I don&#039;t really have a sex drive but it doesn&#039;t bother me. I would keep using, but the irritation is so bad. I&#039;m constantly itching :( and when I told my Dr she said there was no yeast so it&#039;s the ring."
"Honestly, I am still one of the undecided... I have/had dysmenorrhia that lasted a full 7 days each month. My tubes were tied 20 plus years ago. Perhaps it is genetics that I am in the place I am today because my mother went through many of the same symptoms and eventually had a hysterectomy. After discovering a large submucosal fibroid that was removed, I started to experience sharp pain ( which escalated from simple cramps ) when my cycle hit. The Mirena is my last viable option before surgery. It was place a week and a half ago. Within 4 days of its placement and seeing my doctor again because of pelvic pain from the jabs and sticks I felt, I&#039;d lost 2 pounds. More weight is coming off 3 days later but still have pain."
"I have taken 0.4mg for two weeks after dinner meal. First 2 days it worked great. However I&#039;m still getting up 4-5 times each night. Have good results during the daytime. Also taking Proscar 5mg in morning.  Hoping night improves over time."
"I was prescribed Flexeril by my primary doctor for muscle spasms in my lower back.
I could only take it for a short time, I felt no relief in the spasms in my back, I had to sleep at least 10 hours with it, or I couldn&#039;t get out of the bed in the morning. I am heading to physical therapy, I&#039;m sure they will help much better than a stupid muscle relaxer can."
"As many people stated, Xanax has given me my life back, (Along side Paxil). When I had severe, severe anxiety, I took half a Xanax daily, but now that I&#039;m thankfully a million times better. I only take it once in a blue moon when I feel like I need it, and take a quarter of a pill. This is amazing."
"I developed pneumonia after being treated in the hospital for an anaphylactic allergic response. Within a few days my oxygen was down to 92%. I was almost hospitalized, but begged the doc to let me stay out as it was 5 days until Christmas. I was prescribed a 5 day Z-Pak (Azithromycin). Today is day 3, I&#039;m finally starting to feel better. Only side effect so far have been slightly loose stools, and a rapid pulse. (I&#039;m 35 and otherwise healthy) I find I got stomach pains within an hour of taking it, so today I ate before I took it and that helped."
"I was given an injection of this after a week long stay in hospital for extreme pain due to endometriosis. They told me it would keep my pain down till surgery and for me it was the most awful experience. I was still in pain and on top of that I had to deal with intense sweating, very bad mood swings and feeling extremely tender and my joints were sore.

It made the month running up to surgery miserable for me and those around me. I would never ever go on this again."
"Horrible! Was put on this due to high blood pressure. I have taken it at the exact  same time every day for 9 months, never missing one. Bleeding very irregular, sometimes every other week and more constant than not. Sometimes heavy, sometimes light. Flip of a coin I guess. Dr said to give it a few months to settle down, it did for a little bit then right back to more than not. Guess that&#039;s how it works for birth control.... Last  thing I actually feel like doing! No weight gain or any other side effects. Going to change it at next dr. Appointment. Had enough."
"Inserted July &#039;16 to control extremely heavy periods.  Insertion-tolerable with a day of cramping.  Within a week, I started having constant leakage-requiring a liner every day. Cycle 1-3 were lighter-but LONGER.  (10+days compared to 5-6 days)  I also started cramping, which I hadn&#039;t done since puberty.  The leakage NEVER stopped. I scheduled a removal because constant leaking and wearing a liner every single day wasn&#039;t something I could deal with anymore...feeling unclean made being intimate with my husband very difficult.  AND in 3 months I&#039;ve gained 10 pounds. Sadly a family emergency required me to put off removal by a week.  This 4th cycle is a nightmare.  HEAVY bleeding with golf/ baseball clots. I wish I&#039;d never had Mirena inserted."
"Bonine works great for when vertigo hits from additional fluid in your balance mechanism in your inner ear.  Even when no cruising or flying .  However be careful of the getting pregnant warning."
"I was having trouble conceiving so, I had tests done, DNC (just to clean the inside and make sure it was OK), got put on a fertility pills but they made me gain weight. I started adipex July 18th weight was 305 pounds. I&#039;m always thirsty with dry mouth, quit drinking everything except water and coffee, only eating low carb foods, and when I get hungry I only eat little portions and I get full faster. I do not have a job and don&#039;t exercise everyday but I&#039;m constantly doing something or going somewhere and the meds have really helped in my weight loss, self confidence, and changed my life style. As if August 17th I am down to 289 pounds, I have lost 16 lbs in 1 month. Currently on month 2 will post as weight loss continues."
"Everyone&#039;s battle with Hashimoto&#039;s will be different which will lead to different treatments. In my case, Armour has worked best. About a year ago, I had a sudden increase in weight with no change in diet or exercise. Once I saw this change, I ate healthier than ever before and working out consistently yet my weight went from 115 to 130 in a short period of time. I felt &quot;puffy&quot; and bloated constantly. Finally I was given Synthroid because Hashi&#039;s runs in my family and I had increase of antibodies. I was on it for 6 weeks and did not see any improvement. I am now on my 5th week of Armour and the bloating is gone as well as the weight gain. Don&#039;t let the doctors tell you how you feel. You must treat the symptoms. I hope this helps someone."
"I am 50. I have taken clonazepam 0.5 mg every night for 10 years. It gives me beautiful sleep. I have never needed more. I have been insomniac all my life with mild GAD. It kills the sex drive and so I try just half a tab a couple nights a week. I don&#039;t sleep very well with half tab. With all the hype about how bad it is long term, I have tried weaning back, but with poor sleep I become depressed and irritable. My estrogen is high, my testosterone has been low ever since I started taking it. I&#039;ve always wondered what connection it has with hormones. It is a wonder drug in so many ways for me. Maybe when I am finally done with menopause I will consider weaning off."
"I am a 5&#039;8&quot; male, who is 55 years of age, and have been taking 10 mg of Lexapro for 5 months to combat depression following a divorce. Lexapro has helped greatly with my mood, ability to concentrate and despair. "
"I purged the 4th week but after that nothing new came I just had to pop out all the left over blackheads because they will not leave if i just leave them alone! I&#039;m in the 6th week right now and have some new open and closed comedones due to what I think is that time of the month.... overall decently satisfied with my results :)"
"So me and my bf had unprotected sex June 6th and he did the pull out method but at the time I was very fertile so I was worried and took the plan b exactly 12 hours after. Trust me the two week wait is long and waiting for your cycle to start can be so stressful but plan b does work and I got my period on time. Well a day earlier. My period is really heavy which is a side effect of the pill. But trust me y&#039;all everything will just be fine. Try not to stress!"
"So we are still learning about methylfolate and its effects in depression as it&#039;s still pretty new (megavitamin) and we&#039;re still learning about the role genetics play in the methylation cycle. I noticed a boost after a week on 15mg then it disappeared. I kept taking even though it wasn&#039;t really working anymore. Then after about six weeks I got a huge boost and as I was also on Wellbutrin at the time, it was actually way too much serotonin in my system. I think some people need doses much lower than the prescription strength and it can take a while for the full effect to kick in. It can take a little while to get back to a healthy level but it can definitely help boost whatever else you&#039;re on. Look out for hypomania if you&#039;re bipolar."
"After second dose, my brother started to have an internal bleeding that never stopped until he died a week later. DO NOT use this drug, it pushes up your immune system to the level that it starts to attack all body and making a lot of damage to the Healthy non-cancer related cells. I hope they completely withdraw this drug from the market."
"I had cervical fusion at c4-5, 5-6, 6-7, after my surgery coming out of the operating room no one could touch my skin. I had loss sense of feeling on right arm left hand right shoulder was on fire pins and needles severe also on the back right side of tongue and  throat. In the hospital they started giving me Lyrical 75mg 3 times per day that just took the edge off. Then I went to the pain Dr it was increased to 150mg 3 times a day and I had such relief to the point I could touch my skin, it has worked so great that when it is time for my next dose I begin to feel the pins and needles severe and the fire on my shoulders and hands. Amazingly it takes away that feeling as long as I take it every 6 hers. The problem I have had is weight gain"
"Symptoms: Weight gain, weight gain, weight gain, overall body pain, bloating, dizziness, tiredness...After years of taking this medication, I became extremely miserable and had to backtrack to find the cause. I rated this a 10 because it is an effective birth control for many reasons. Plus side: Symptoms disappear after you stop this medication."
"I have been on trinessa for about 8 months now.  It has done a great job at preventing pregnancy and it also has cleared up my face a lot!  People have even noticed and told me how much better my skin looks.  I do feel like the pill does make me more emotional and more moody.  I use to never get cramps and now I get them on the first day of my period.  Also, my boobs have not gotten any bigger :/  Overall I think the pill does its job and I&#039;m happy about that!"
"I took  Harvonie last year.  This drug was great and did not have it so far little over 6 months.  I have cirrhosis of the liver but no hep C.  The hep c is all gone"
"Reading some of these reviews has made me feel SO much better.  I started this BC about 6 months ago, and while my acne/face was certainly not perfect beforehand, it has gotten SOOOOO MUCH WORSE since starting this.  Horrible, huge, painful cystic acne - repeatedly, especially on the cheeks.  I do not wear makeup at all, so no reason for my pores to be this oily and clogged.  Honestly, I am about to just stop taking it, it&#039;s really not worth it for me (especially as I&#039;m on it for acne and period maintenance and don&#039;t even have a partner at the moment).  I&#039;ve been on several other types of BC over my lifetime - Yaz, Yasmin, Gianvi, Ventura, probably others way back in the day.  Absolutely none of those made my face look as bad as this."
"Ended up in the hospital with low hemoglobin and almost needed blood transfusion.my periods were never normal b4 but with this pill yhey never stopped. I bled for 2 months and was so weak i couldnt go to school or do anything but lay in the bed cramps were so bad and i bled through every overnight pad daily. At the time i was 15. Never again took them."
"Had a chronic cough for 1 month  that over the counter medicines wouldn&#039;t stop and even prescription syrups wouldn&#039;t stop. I went through 4 bottles of syrup before going on Tussicaps - stopped my cough in less than 24 hours. It came with a side effect of drowsiness which was fine for me because I hadn&#039;t slept in over a month due to the cough. Great medication."
"Tegretol (carbamazepine) and Caflam plus Toredole injections when my pain is out of control and I am screaming.
I was diagnosed with Trigeminal Neuralgia (TGN) last week and after that, two MRIs followed showing a clear report apparently.
Tegretol initially helped me for a day and then the pain returned. I was put on Zegap, Phlogen and Ansaid but nothing controlled my pain. I was and I am still taken to emergencies everyday, twice. In emergencies, the inject Toredole and that tamed the pain. But now it tames the pain in my temples only. The pain in my jaw and teeth at the right side ache a lot :( My doctor says, surgery i sthe only solution to the this sort of advance level pain and even if the pain comes back, it won&#039;t before TEN years. I doubt :("
"I was prescribed this from my dermatologist for my acne. I have been using it for the past 2 months and even though my acne is getting better I don&#039;t think they&#039;re all gone yet. The positive of this drug is I haven&#039;t seen any side effects. Make sure you drink a lot of water though. 

I&#039;ll come back and give it a better rating once my acne is totally gone."
"After reading several of these posts I decided to leave mine. I have severe GERD. My doctor after prescribing several different medicines gave me samples of Dexilant. Ever since then my life has changed for the better. At first I was taking 30mg twice a day then I went to 60mg once daily. Never had I been prescribed more than 60mg total daily. I have read that others were taking way more and more frequently. I think they might want to get a second opinion on dosages. I was on Dexilant for several yrs with NEVER having any side effects. I recently had corrective surgery and hope to never be on meds again for this condition. I would absolutely recommend Dexilant to anyone in need of this kind of medication."
"I have three herniated discs C4-C7, cervical kyphosis, spinal stenosis and am taking robaxin 500mg twice a day along with MS Contin 15mg ER. I&#039;ve been on soma and Valium for my muscle spasms related to the kyphosis. I was just put on Robaxin by a new pain management doctor. It doesn&#039;t do anything to help my muscle spasms. I&#039;m very disappointed with this medicine. I&#039;ve been on flexeril and skelaxin but those didn&#039;t work for me either. I can&#039;t take baclofen because I have epilepsy. I&#039;m hoping my pain management doctor will let me just get back on the soma so I can get some relief from my awful muscle spasms."
"I was taking Atenolol which wasn&#039;t working as well as it should but was keeping my Blood Pressure in somewhat reasonable range. Doctor switched me to Enalapril, hoping it would work better than the Atenolol. It didn&#039;t. Blood Pressure went up and stayed very high, pulse also went up and stayed high as well. Had some mild fainting spells as well. I&#039;m sure it works for some people, but not for me."
"This has to be the best medication (at least for me) for bipolar disorder, paranoia and anxiety. I have had bipolar episodes since my teens, now in my 30s and every time I have a bipolar episode, this medication almost works instantly, and what I mean by works instantly is snaps me out of my mania and unwanted thoughts quickly. It does take a few weeks to work fully but if you are someone who suffers from bad mania, this is the right medication for you. Luckily, I did not experience bad side effects from this medication. I have had some muscle stiffness in my neck, some twitching and muscle spasms and slight weight gain. Also, my menstrual cycle was thrown off. Also, it helped my somatic symptoms and I was able to live my life again A+++med"
"It was the first time I had a colonoscopy and gastroscopy. I was quite anxious about possibly feeling pain. Not at all. Simply perfect. Three seconds is all I can remember after being given the propofol. Woke up in recovery room two hours later feeling perfectly normal, no pain at all and totally lucid."
"Works great for me, with no side effects. I went from 140-150s/90-105 to 120/80 or better within 48 hours. I take biso2.5/hctz6.25. Less is better with this med for me, which l love."
"Only thing I&#039;ve found that works, and keeps me able to work."
"I took it and I just feel awful pain and like my back is in pain and I just wanted to throw up but the pain was so intense I couldn&#039;t breathe."
"I took this BC for 9 months. The only issues were period cramping and it made me emotional. Otherwise it lighten my period, didn&#039;t cause breakouts or weight gain. Also didn&#039;t get pregnant.
And I liked the packaging."
"I have recently decided to start Wellbutrin after 2 years on Zoloft. Although I felt the Zoloft worked well there were some unfortunate side effects. I asked my doctor if I could give Wellbutrin a try (I had also recently picked up smoking again so I mentioned that). Well here&#039;s the good news....my mood has remained stable (I simultaneously tapered off the Zoloft). I have been better able to focus at work, cigarettes tasted disgusting and I have noticed a decease in my desire to engage in compulsive activities. The cons...food doesn&#039;t really taste all that great, I&#039;m extremely thirsty and I was initially a little on edge at first (this has since gone away). The other surprising effect was a marked improvement in sexual response."
"I&#039;ve had my Implanon in for about 3 months now and I really like it so far. I&#039;ve had no weight gain that wasn&#039;t my own fault, im not irritable, I spot from time to time but nothing major. Before this I had been on Depo for about 2 years and I did really well with that one also. I would suggest that you try Depo before you get the insert because they have similar side affects. If you do well with Depo you will do well with the insert."
"This has made such a difference to my life. It is like the &quot;voice&quot; that continues to tell me I am too fat and that all the &quot;bad&quot; things in life would be better if only I were thinner, has weakened. It is still there but I don&#039;t have to listen, if fact I can even ignore it. What a relief. It has made me realize just how much time I was spending listening to all the negative thoughts, planning the food, covering up the vomiting. I finally feel &quot;normal&quot; what a relief."
"I went through a life threatening situation. I couldn&#039;t sleep, eat nor get my body out of flight fight mode no matter all that I tried (yoga, meditation, accupuncture, herbal remedies) I got sick and tired of the every day battle with my mind and body so I sought medical help. It was the best thing I ever did! Cipralex took 6 weeks to kick in @5mg dose (I took clonazepam to counter the increased anxiety side effects for first 2 weeks). I got brain zaps, spacey headed, sleepy and had dry mouth. It all went away within 3 weeks. I Took it for a year.. A slow wean is key to minimize coming off side effects. I did it over  4 months. It takes time to build up on your system, don&#039;t give up as weeks 1-4 are rough. After that, you reap the benefits"
"I started using this product when I was about 15 and used it for almost a year.  This medication made my skin extremely sensitive to sun. If I did not take this medication with food, I would feel like I was going to throw up.  Doxycycline was effective for controlling my acne, but the side effects did not make it a realistic choice.  
I have switched to using birth control pills for controlling my acne.  I have found that they are equally as effective as doxycycline, and I am no longer as prone to sunburns.  I also do not suffer from nausea from birth control.   
Overall, I have found birth control pills to be more compatible for my body, more useful (in their many purposes), and more convenient."
"I have been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about 9-10 years other than when I got off of it to have my 3 children.  I never had any weight gain, acne problems, and never had any heavy bleeding. I had a light period and occasional moodiness but nothing out of the ordinary.  BUT! I have noticed a SEVERE lack of sex drive!!  As in no sex drive at all, nothing, notta, zero, zilch!!  This is a great pill to take if you don&#039;t care to have a sex life and are not married."
"Chantix is a miracle drug. On my quit day after eight hours I realized that I had not smoked the whole entire day. It is a miracle drug. Thank you"
"I have full body RSD. (CRPS). I started taking opiates for the first time, 10mg of Methadone 2x&#039;s a day since Oct of 2015. Linzess high dose never really worked. I tried Movantik and it worked the first day. After that, horrific abdominal pain and cramping. Almost couldn&#039;t drive when it hit me when I went to Vote here in Florida. This drug is garbage. Expensive garbage. Try it, but be careful. Don&#039;t get your hopes up."
"This stuff is nasty. Tastes like grape syrup. I hate grape and I hate sweet stuff so it was really hard for me to drink. I was gagging and took forever on the first dose but couldn&#039;t quite finish. Now it&#039;s the morning dose and I didn&#039;t breathe from my nose or smell it and I mixed it with Powerade. Much better but my stomach starts bubbling as soon as I drink and it&#039;s a lot of liquid so I had to stop before throwing up. Definitely clears you out but it is horrible."
"At first I hated it because it didn&#039;t give me the energy of Vyvanse and I desperately wanted my Dr. to switch me back. After a couple of weeks I realized that even though I was a little tired and not really focused I was calm and happy. This medication doesn&#039;t really do much for my ADD but it eases my anxiety that I always have had. I&#039;ve tried many other medications and nothing worked for anxiety except for this one. It feels great to be calm and not worried about nonsense. Hope it keeps working for a long time to come."
"Wonderful drug but watch out for medication interactions.  Developed Serotonin Syndrome when doctor prescribed Ultram (Tramadol) for pain relief. Caused involuntary muscle spasms, difficulty speaking, walking, etc.  Even looked like I had a stroke.  I tapered off it shortly after and tried other drugs to help with anxiety, depression and PMDD.  I have since come back to Prozac because it works well for me as long as I make sure not to take tramadol or other drugs that can interact with it.  I experience weight loss with this drug. Have tons of energy and sleep well at night."
"I woke up Thursday morning with a sore throat and then became achy, fatigued and feverish as the day went on. The next morning (Friday) I went to see my doctor and was given a swab test and it came back positive for Influenza A. He prescribed me Tamiflu and I took the first dose around noon Friday and the second dose at about 11pm. When I woke up Saturday morning my fever was gone and the aches were very mild. By Saturday I began to regain energy and was able to move about the house without having to lay down every 5 minutes. By Sunday morning nearly all symptoms had left. Tamiflu truly worked for me and caused little to no side effects."
"I am a 17 year old girl. I weight 125 pounds,and am 5&#039;5&#039;&#039;. I have been on this medication for about 4 days now. I like it, but at the same time, I don&#039;t. This is the first birth control I have ever been on. So, I have been having mild nausea and headaches, but nothing else. I started this birth control with 4 days left in my period. It ended on time, and was very light for the last day or two. I take it around bedtime, but since I get that sick feeling, it keeps me from falling asleep easily. But don&#039;t feel discouraged. Once I fall asleep, I am knocked out for the night. It&#039;s great and then I wake up in the morning again, and feel sick, but it should get better after month 3. "
"I had my IUD put in over 3 months ago. About 36 hours after, I went in the sun and immediately broke out in hives! Mostly on my face and they were itchy as hell. I called my gyno and she assured me it was IMPOSSIBLE that the IUD caused the hives. I took Benadryl and they mostly went down. I still get hives every time I&#039;m exposed to sun/heat. About a month in I started having more &amp; more trouble having a BM which wasn&#039;t the case before the IUD. I drink plenty of water and eat fibrous foods regularly. I&#039;m CONSTANTLY irritated and emotional, I get acne more than ever, and the constant spotting is becoming annoying. I feel gross, itchy, tired, and bloated every single day and truly don&#039;t even feel like myself. I&#039;m getting this thing out Thursday"
"I was having horrible tingling and pain in my legs and feet because of Diabetes.  But I took 1 pill, and within a few hours the pain and tingling were gone, I felt more relaxed and calm, it&#039;s wonderful!  I feel normal!"
"I&#039;ve been on Lysteda for 6 months and it really has saved my sanity. I didn&#039;t want to jump the gun with a review as I&#039;ve had birth control pills work for a month or 2 then suddenly my period would come back as bad, if not worse, and lasted once for 41 days! The bleeding and clotting sending me to the bathroom every 30-45 mins has stopped, no more getting up in the middle of the night or changing the sheets at 4am and I&#039;ve been very lucky with no side effects. 6 pills a day is a lot but considering the alternative of unstoppable bleeding, I happily take them.  It&#039;s not a total miracle, I still have &quot;heavy&quot; days those would&#039;ve been a good day for me in the past.  It&#039;s worth it, I&#039;m very happy with it."
"This medication i was on for 6 months no side effects other than it nearly killed me. I got blood clots in both my lungs, multiple that is was hospitalized had to be on watfarin for 6 months and do lovenox shots til my levels were at 2.0 twice. It sucked. I had shortness of breath and rapid breathing/high bp. Dont mess with these symptoms...i had no pain with mine..i am very lucky..age 25 when this happened. I have been off warfarin no birth control ever again. After all the testing it confirmed it was necon 1/50 that gave me clots. Get medical help right away"
"I&#039;m 18 years old and I started this birth control 3 months ago. I went on birth control specifically for my acne and my irregular periods. This birth control did the exact opposite of helping my acne. In the beginning I broke out extremely on my forehead and hair line. They aren&#039;t even pimples just huge bumps and you can&#039;t do anything about. It is my 3rd month taking it and I&#039;m still breaking out. I absolutely do not recommend this birth control for the use of acne. However, this did make my period very consistent, extremely light, and barely any cramps"
"Started taking for back pain took two doses and ended up in hospital with halucinations, dizziness, and feeling faint. Shortly after that my body started shaking uncontrollably from the inside making my legs feel like I had ran for days. "
"I have been taking Zoloft for about 7 years after a serious bout of depression. I began on a 50 mg dose and was recently upped to 200 mg. It helped with depression, but left me feeling very &#039;numb&#039;. I started taking Pristiq about a month ago. I feel more normal than I have in years. I have experienced no side effects. I know everybody is different and not all SSRI&#039;s or SNRI&#039;S work the same for everyone, but Pristiq has definitely helped me feel better than I have in a very long time. It&#039;s worth a try."
"Suffering from daily and day-long anxiety and occasional panic attacks, Lexapro 10mg definitely made a difference within less than a month.  I wasn&#039;t as anxious or worrisome all the time and my patience was much better. Because it&#039;s also for depression, I also found a change in my mood for the best.  Unfortunately, after a few months on it, I plateaued, so I guess.  I&#039;ve tried weaning myself off very slowly in a span of 3 months at least 3 times.  Each time, I get the brain zaps, which can be a bit cool but gets annoying.  After a few days of that comes the manic psychosis.  I get so ramped up and irritable and argumentative...it goes away within 24 hrs of taking a dose.  SO here I am, still taking it."
"I&#039;ve had the Nuva ring before this nexplanon implant and 
I ended up pregnant so after I had my daughter I received my implant on July 25th,2016. I bled the first 4 months non stop. Almost a year later my period comes every two weeks but the fact is it takes about 11 days for it to stop which gives me about a 3 day of no bleeding. I see why it&#039;s so highly effective and so called recommended you can&#039;t be intimate at all without fear of bleeding my fiance will not touch me at all not - even on my 3 day break cause he is afraid to hurt me cause even when I&#039;m off my period I get the worst stomach cramps on the plus side HEYY IM NOT PREGNANT!!!"
"It did relieve my depression and anxiety for the most part, but I really had some awful side effects with this drug, the worst of which was that it affected my short term memory. I got to the point where I could not remember the simplest things. This became noticeable after about 6 months of use. I also believe it caused cystic acne and hair loss (both of which ceased after getting off of it). Caused some weight gain too (but every antidepressant I have taken does it seems). I had to get off of it. My memory has thankfully returned back to normal. Wish it had worked better for me."
"My experience has been almost entirely negative.
Pros: Fuller breasts, effective at preventing pregnancy
Cons: Spotting and heavy bleeding, cramps, irritability, fatigue, cannot stop eating McDonald&#039;s... weight gain concentrated in the &quot;mom-gut&quot; region

I began spotting during the first week. This lasted several weeks, some days barely there, other days heavy. It stopped for barely a week, and then started again. During the second month, I basically started a period, going from light spotting to a light period. During week 6 I started a full-blown heavy period. Week 7 - intense cramping started. I started week 9 this week... but I have just had it. There is no end in sight, it seems. Into the trash it goes."
"I just started this pill and so far I&#039;ve noticed that I have been very moody and my period has become much heavier so far. The moodiness has really affected me and my boyfriend because I start fights over the dumbest things. I&#039;m going to give this a few months and if nothing changes I&#039;m going to have to switch."
"I have mixed feelings about Skyla. The people were right when they said getting in was painful. Hands down one of the top worst feelings ever. Still get period, still get cramps. But..... I never got never got pregnant and that is great."
"I have been on Aviane for 5 months now. First few months were great, no side-effects. Maybe I was slightly moody right before getting my period during the first month of starting the pill, but that&#039;s pretty much it. I experienced minimal spotting the 2nd month. However, I am now switching to Yaz because this month I missed taking the pill by 1 hour, only 1 hour, and it caused me to have spotting, then resulted in getting my period while still taking active pills. I was concerned so I think the dose may be too light for me. But, I definitely recommend giving it a try, it may work for you. No weight gain, no mood swings, improved but didn&#039;t get rid of acne but this can also be related to the fact that the dose was too low for me."
"I loved it. No sexual side effects and it worked great for about 6 months then I started noticing that I would get very irritable after taking it. I went off for a bit and now back on for winter and seems to be fine now."
"I  just got put on this at a 5 mg 3x a day and today was my first dose I pray this is the answer cause feeling sweaty and there&#039;s nothing you can do to stop makes me feel nasty I cant even stand for my Husband to hug or touch me and god forbid I go into a public place it&#039;s embarrassing  I read the success stories and I hope it works for me like them ! Thank you all for your input"
"This product surely works! As an unlucky student, we wear uniforms. And my condition isn&#039;t helping me to boost my self-confidence to make friends or to do the things that a person without Hyperhidrosis can. I&#039;ve seen a lot of reviews that Drysol can cause itchiness but I don&#039;t have this kind of problem so I am very thankful. I don&#039;t know why but the product didn&#039;t react to me like that. (Maybe I should ask my dermatologist) I am really happy with the result!!"
"This drug worked for me the first week then stopped working. After being in the hospital for 3 weeks for a bowel obstruction, they began giving me generlac. When I got out of the hospital, I combined the two after each not working on its own and now it works perfectly. If I have an appt and I know I&#039;ll be out, I won&#039;t take it because it generally starts working within an hour of after eating. Sometimes it gives me diarrhea but it&#039;s better than the alternative. I also struggle with chronic pancreatitis and this combo of meds helps"
"The medication works well, but the cost is to much. I can not afford this medication at all."
"Ineffective for me. Used as prescribed by the dermatologist in combination with Ziana. Had the sensation of burned skin for one week. Only destroyed my skin not the acne. I stopped using it after 2 weeks. Acne was hormonal and cured by itself. "
"THIS STUFF IS HORRIBLE. DO NOT USE IT!!! 

My girlfriend started using this (prescribed by doctor) for an ear infection (swimmers ear), and reported extremely painful symptoms when using this stuff. Now, she can&#039;t hear anything out of her ear. 

I&#039;m so freaking mad that the doctor prescribed this medicine. 

DO NOT USE!!"
"I only had one shot in august 2016. I did not go back for my second shot I had a really bad experience on the depo, from hair fall, weight gain, depression to lower sex drive, all in the first 3 months of using this. Even though I didn&#039;t go back I&#039;m still bleeding everyday, it&#039;s not heavy bleeding but it still takes a lot of money out of your pocket to constantly buy buy pantyliners. This week I started to get this bubbly feeling in abdomen, lower back pain, gassiness, constipation.  So I&#039;m going to a doctor to get it checked out it. Could have turn into something much serious as I started to bleed more. I would not recommend this shot or even the implanon."
"Zyrtec works well in combating allergies as well as allergic rhinitis. The best I&#039;ve found.I take at night about an hour before bedtime and sleep like a baby all night. Love it. First time in years I can say I feel great and not congested from allergies."
"I never really believed I would quit smoking. I loved smoking. I wanted to live longer and that is the only reason I wanted to quit. I chose option 3 plan on chantix 84 days to quit, you just cut in half each month. I had a lot of nausea so I took 1/2 dosage for 3 weeks. At end of 3 weeks I went from 2 packs a say to 7-8 cigs a day. Started full dose at this time and ate before taking that helped nausea, had a lot of weird dreams but slept better on chantix. Today is my stop date and I fully quit  almost a month ago before my stop date. I have never felt as proud as I am right now, I did it. I just had to get past the first 2 weeks then it was smooth sailing. I let chantix do the work. Thanks chantix"
"It works, but not without commitment to quit abusing drugs."
"I have been taking this medication for 12 days now. Sometimes I have diarrhea  the morning after I take it, sometimes I don&#039;t . Have had a headache for five of those days. Sometimes I get extremely nauseated after I take it, but it passes in about an hour. Sometimes I sweat .  The first few days I felt like my breathing was better. Now , I&#039;m not so sure.  I have lost 7 pounds in 12 days. This medication suppresses your appetite and for me totally took away my craving for sweets .  A good thing I guess, as long as I don&#039;t lose over about 15 lbs ."
"Best things stabilize my mood."
"Excellent medicine in my experience.

I&#039;ve been taking it about 6 months. I&#039;m now working and going to school full time. Anxiety has improved significantly, almost to pre-illness levels. I feel great cognitively (creative, zero psychotic symptoms, memory seems pretty sharp).

Although I&#039;ve never really gained weight on Risperidone for 2 years was relatively weight neutral. I&#039;ve actually lost 5-10 lbs. since taking Latuda, pretty much without trying.

The one minor annoyance would have to be that it requires 350 calories for full absorption and it puts me to sleep about an hour after taking it. I end up eating a small meal/snack before bed every night (yogurt, nuts, etc.)."
"I have been using this product every night for a year, and see absolutely no difference in my acne. I still have breakouts, and oily skin all the time"
"A month ago I had a hysterectomy.  The hot flashes started immediately.  After 3 weeks of it the doctor gave me Evamist wish I had talked with him sooner. What a wonderful life saver it is.  Hot flashes are down to a minimum so I can at least sleep at night and breakout into dripping sweats at the office."
"Hello all,

I never really write reviews, but I felt compelled to share my experience with Skyla. After taking months to decide on which birth control method I wanted to use, I decided on an IUD as I don&#039;t plan on having children in my near future. I liked the idea of not having to take a pill everyday and some women&#039;s periods become lighter and some women stop getting their period all together.. (sign me up!). I got my Skyla inserted in March after my gyno recommended it. During the insertion, I experienced severe pain. I&#039;ve broken my wrist in the past and the orthopedic surgeon had to pop my bone back into place while I wasn&#039;t on any pain medication and the pain I experienced during the IUD insertion was almost on that level."
"My friend has been on Clozaril (Clozapine) for nearly 18 years.  He went more than 10 years without having a single psychotic breakdown, which only occurred when he lowered the dosage himself.  Even though the medicine makes him feel fatigued he has been able to hold down a 40hr/wk job.  Nothing short of a God-given miracle!"
"This is my second attempt at withdrawing. My first attempt was back in February of 2016 from hydromorphone tabs 1mg x 16 a day. I went cold turkey and had no help except I used a bit of information from the Thomas recipe it was a bit helpful but my experience was horrific for a solid week. I started taking OxyContin 5/325mg a couple of months later cuz I couldn&#039;t take the pain and now I&#039;m up to 10 a day and in a mess again. I went to the ER and asked for help with detoxing they gave me clonidine and lorazepam and I have to say I&#039;m starting day two of the withdraw and I&#039;m not feeling totally myself but their is less sweats and chills, the anxiety is almost nil. It&#039;s really helped me. i am even able to talk to people without any anxiety."
"I have been all the way up to 150-200 mg with 30 mg breakthru.  I really had a life then but wasn&#039;t really &quot;there&quot;.   I couldn&#039;t find any doctor in my area to presribe fentenyl so all I got was 15mg oxycodone and that&#039;s it. I have a 30 degree curve in back, left hip damage, Crohn&#039;s disease and now colon cancer.  I&#039;m back on them but only at 50 mg every 72 hours.   It&#039;s a joke.  The DEA here is cruel to people that truly need it.   Tolerance included, I don&#039;t absorb oral meds but do receive very few 15&#039;s for break thru.  I am waiting for a pain pump once my colon is removed but can I make it?  I&#039;m angry, depressed and want to just sleep without screaming."
"MIGRAINE SUFFERERS BEWARE: this medication took my migraine condition to another level of pain and frequency. The worst part is that my doctor did not share with me that Zoloft can make migraines worse before I started the medication. I had at least 2-3 days every week that not only was I completely incapacitated by the pain of them (something typical with migraines) to the point that I could not go to class, but the vomiting and nausea was relentless. I lost 15 pounds on this medication after taking it for just 6 weeks because of the vomiting from migraines. I went to the hospital toward the end of trying Zoloft because of dehydration and the worst pain I&#039;ve felt in my life from the migraines this caused. be careful if you have migraines"
"Have almost been on Safyral for a year and I love it. I used to have really heavy periods, but I know exactly when I am going to start (usually a Tuesday night to Wednesday morning) and I know I&#039;ll stop on Sunday. It&#039;s lighter. I have noticed that sometimes my bad cramps I used to have are starting to return. It has definitely kept the babies away which is the reason I went on the birth control and will continue to keep using it."
"After trying numerous SSRI&#039;s and mood stabilizers and ready to give up, I tried Lexapro. It was new and just on the market. I love it. It has completely turned me around. I&#039;m normal again. Its good for anxiety too. No bad side effects. No weight gain. Its wonderful to have finally found a medicine that actually works. I hope it never stops working."
"I have suffered from generalized anxiety disorder for longer than I care to remember.  Went through too many anti-depressants that all failed.  I was told the Buspar was an &quot;oldie but goodie.&quot;  I was reluctant to even try another pill and was of the notion that drinking wine was going to be my alternate choice, (which I didn&#039;t care to start).  Buspar has been my answer.  It&#039;s brought calm into my life.  I recommend this &quot;magic pill.&quot;"
"I have a chronic problem with yeast, [ Candida ]  It was causing skin irritation on the back upper part of my leg, which turned into sores from sitting [ wheelchair ], so I was stuck in bed a lot. While I admit that it was 98% healed when I heard about GV, but for the short time I used it it did help. WARNING wear a rubber glove when applying, it &#039;&#039;will&#039; stain your skin, clothes, etc.
The friend that told me about GV used it on her grandsons &#039;&#039;thrush/mouth&#039;&#039; n it cleared it in 30 min.    Be sure n do your research, n read directions/recommendations b4 using any new medications."
"My doctor gave me Linzess samples and so far it is helping alot. I dont have as much discomfort in my stomach, and less burping and farting. However I did have a VERY embarrassing situation happen when I was walking my dogs one morning, I had no feeling I had to go at all, and just coughed, and out came a liquid mess. SO...overall I like the medicine but the diarrhea can be severe and unexpected. I have never had this happen before!"
"I had a very serious dry eye condition that showed up after all my cancer treatments were completed. I had no idea what was happening to me other than a red bubble appeared in one eye. My eye doctor suggested TheraTears 4x day plus taking nutrition product. It cleared up and to this day, I only use TheraTears in my eyes. Florida&#039;s allergy season is all year round for me and my eyes. It&#039;s great and the only drops to go in my eyes. It was suggested that I buy the individual vials as for some reason contamination is a factor I have to keep in mind for my eyes. I have not had dry eye since. Thank you TheraTears and I love the coupons."
"I have an undiagnosed muscular condition coupled with JRA and borderline personality disorder. I only just started baclofen a week ago, 10mg 3x a day. I don&#039;t think  I&#039;ve ever NOT felt pain-- it&#039;s amazing. My pain level was so high all the time and it helped with the overall/daily pain as well as the cramping. Only downsides being that I appear to have side effects like dizziness, confusion, balance problems, and worsening psychotic symptoms. I&#039;ve experienced some low-level hallucinations/spatial distortions (floor looks like it&#039;s moving or the walls are breathing) which is more confusing that concerning. Only downsides to this medicine besides sleeping (which I love as an insomniac)!"
"I&#039;m 58 and sometimes have a hard time (no pun) getting hard.
I took it 3 times and it worked every time and lasted long time. "
"I suffer from COPD. When I get a respiratory infection of any kind it is a big problem. When I take Avelox the symptoms are gone before they get out of hand, 2 or 3 doses and I feel great again. Personally, I have not experienced any side effects. Have used the drug 3 times now."
"Skelaxin seems to be great. I have taken about 3 days (800mg prescribed 3 x daily). I have even taken on empty stomach (bold move) and walked through a grocery store. It worked great. I was not &quot;foggy&quot; or drunk feeling. I have taken it at work and have not noticed adverse side effects except a slight headache. Nothing good is without some trade-off. I recommend this for those who need daytime/night-time pain relief and do want to feel &quot;doped up&quot; like other muscle relaxers can do."
"I was recently diagnosed with type 2 BP in July of 2016. I was on Lamictal at first and it was a nightmare, It kept me from being sad but I would still get very angry. Seroquel was next and I was too scared to take it at first, but once I started having a LOT of heated arguments and stress I finally decided to take it. So far so good, I only take 25mg because is chills me out and eases my anxiety. I don&#039;t get sad and I don&#039;t get overly mad or excited. First few days I am tired on the meds but after a few days I am able to manage my life. I wish I would have went to a Dr years ago to get treated because since I was 13 my moods have been up and down. Now I&#039;m as chill as a cucumber."
"It got worse on this"
"I have NEVER had a problem with acne and this pill made my skin break out like no other. I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone."
"I am on my third day of using this and I am up at 5 am from being awoken by the constant itching and burning this is giving me !!! The sensation is completely unbearable and I feel as though my vagina is on fire !!!! I don&#039;t know if I had an allergic reaction to this but this is bad !!!"
"I have been on this pill for close to 7 months now. I started having sex with my husband around month 3 when we got married and I noticed a decrease in sex drive, a few heavy period days and a few light period days but they were always during the placebo week. I feel hungry at night and in the mornings, and crave sweets more than ever. My weight has been pretty stable. I had a few yeast infections and vaginal dryness and nothing sucks more than telling your husband you can&#039;t because it hurts too much within the first month of marriage!!"
"I came to talk about the insertion, which happened about a week ago. I got myself all scared beforehand watching reaction videos but it was totally fine. The doctor prescribed to me some xanax beforehand so I was more relaxed but it didn&#039;t hurt at all. It was a little uncomfortable but I actually laughed at the cramping because it didn&#039;t hurt. It kinda felt cool. Don&#039;t be afraid!"
"This birthcontrol works great. I&#039;ve been taking it near 8 years now &amp; no problems. It may be of contributed to a few lbs but not much else. Lessened my periods from 7-11 days of heavy flow to 4-5 days &amp; relatively light. My skin hasn&#039;t really changed &amp; it does not contribute to any emotional changes."
"I wrote a review here a few months ago when I was starting my third week on Accutane. And now I am starting my 4th month and its going great. I had mentioned a bunch of side effects before and now the only side effect is chapped lips and dry skin. My face actually feels like a face now and I can actually feel my skin instead of a million dry bumps. I did breakout only on my forehead at the beginning but it only lasted about 2-3 weeks, then I would get a pimple every now and then but now I don&#039;t even get pimples anymore. I cant even imagine how much more flawless my face can get. I hope it affects everyone else in a positive way too."
"I have been using Vaniqa for 2 years now.  I love it. It is a bit pricey but well worth every penny.  I apply it twice a day morning and night.  Continue shaving plucking or whatever you do but you will notice you will be doing it much less now. I don&#039;t know what I would do without this product.  Good luck!"
"I had sex 2 days after my period on Jan. 21 &amp; he had a condom on but  we saw the condom broke after. I took the pill 10 hours later &amp; had slight nausea but was super tired &amp; loss my appetite. 5 days after taking the pill I bled lightly for a couple days. After this, my waiting time until my projected period was so stressful bc I started to feel nauseas on feb. 5.. After 1 week of nausea my breasts became swollen and I thought it was my period that was about to come on feb. 11. I noticed my mood swings change drastically &amp; I could&#039;ve sworn I was pregnant... But to my delight I woke up this morning Feb. 18 to my period!!! It worked for me &amp; I hope it works for you all too. Just don&#039;t stress bc you&#039;ll probably make yourself feel nauseous like I did"
"What you read about Lunesta&#039;s taste is so right. Lunesta is GROSS. Is took about 20 minutes for the &quot;taste&quot; that everyone complains about to show up. It did not help me sleep at all. I was half awake all night and when I was asleep I was having weird dreams. It&#039;s 12 hours later and every time I sip water or anything it still tastes like I chewed a tylenol or something. &quot;Bitter&quot; or &quot;metallic&quot; taste is an understatement. Did not work, tasted horrible. If I could give this back to the pharmacy I would. Back to Ambien for me."
"Doesn&#039;t work at all.  I&#039;ve been getting cold sores for my entire life and my mom always got me Areva because it&#039;s supposed to be &quot;the best&quot; but it never worked- just a waste of money.  It makes your cold sore very gooey and gross.  I highly recommend Campho-Phenique Cold Sore Treatment which is a little less than $4 and works wonders."
"I started using this medication for GAD and for depression. I started off with 5mg for two weeks and gradually worked my way up to 20mg. The first week of side effects was terrible: insomnia, nausea, mood swings, upset stomach. But I continued taking it as recommended. I used it for about six months and saw no positive changes. I experienced many suicidal thoughts, strange dreams, sleepless nights, sleeping too much, and crazy mood swings. This almost caused my boyfriend and I to break up. I would not recommend it, but it may work for someone else. I am on an SSNRI (different family: Effexor) now and have no side effects."
"I have been a nurse since 1984 and a paramedic since 1990. In New Orleans,in 1993, while working on an ambulance, I became nauseated and began vomiting. Went home,changed ,had someone drive me 2 ER @ a Hospital in Harahan(nice subdivision.) I expected 2 get the usual treatment of IV Saline and the SAFE anti-emetic Phenergan. I told the ER DOC I was VERY ALLERGIC 2 REGLAN.  He injects me with Inapsine(Droperidol) because he wants  to see  how it worked - even though people with allergy to Reglan should NEVER be given Inapsine. I had already been declared clinically dead 2 years prior in a car accident, But was revived. This So-called drug causes Irregular heartbeats. I thought I was going 2 die. It was much worse than actually dying."
"I am a 60 year old female who also takes Lantus and Metformin.  I started the 1.5 dose of Trulicity about a month ago.  I had mild gastrointestinal symptoms at first: flatulence, heartburn and burps that smell like sulpur.  About 10 days ago the side effects got much worse:  abdominal cramping, explosive diarrhea, nausea and vomiting.  I had to call in sick to work twice in the last week.  Sometimes I feel better, but then the symptoms hit out of nowhere.  I have absolutely NO appetite and have to force myself to eat.  Feels like food poisoning.  This morning I had to go to the ER.  They did tests and the doc said it was due to the Trulicity and I should stop taking it.  I used to be on Victoza, which worked fine, but ins. co. won&#039;t pay for"
"I like this medication because you can only take one dose and it will last you the entire day as for other medications that you have to take every 4 to 6 hours.  It definitely takes away the pain."
"So my experience with this was not very good. I had it in for maybe 6 months and I was on my period the entire time, which was the most annoying thing ever. Also, it started messing with my emotions. I got really depressed, my anxiety increased, and it just made my personality change. Other than that, it will prevent pregnancy so thats a plus. When I went to my doctor to get it taken out she said the dosage was too high for me. Everyone should try it at least once because everyone&#039;s bodies are different so maybe it would workout for others"
"Great. Only downside is the price."
"I first started using Reclipsen about a year ago. The first thing that I noticed was that my libido was noticeably reduced, (which was a bit annoying,) and my overall emotions were dulled a bit, so that I was more indifferent to things than before. (Although I don&#039;t particularly mind this, that might be a breaking point for someone else.) I tried Enskyce for a bit, and ended up switching back due to side effects. Reclipsen works better for me, and keeps my periods light and regular. I&#039;ve never had an issue with weight gain or acne, so that&#039;s something to be considered, as well. All in all, I&#039;m happy with it."
"I smoked 35 years before started on Bupropion. I took 150 mg for 3 days,  then took 300 mg for 6 weeks, I quit on day 5.  Quitting was pretty easy, the medication changes the way the cigarettes taste and also you will legitimately forget to smoke.  When I went to stop the Bupropion I eased it back to 150 mg for 3 days and then 150 mg every 2 days for 6 days and 150 mg every 3 days for 6 days.  I had no withdrawals from this drug.  I have successfully quit smoking for 4 months now.  I think about them less and less and have had no physical urges to smoke since the first week I quit.  The Bupropion worked great, my daughter has also quit using this medication.  Highly recommend."
"Just a 54 year old 5&#039;9 244 pound guy. I was considering by pass and was advised by a friend that the surgery is not the answer. Well 13 months later I shed forty nine pounds and feel pretty great. I am up to walking two miles a week and please don&#039;t laugh. No big side effects except a little constipation. My doctor is now a believer that this can help. Wish me luck."
"I was very skeptical about trying this pill because it is a generic and I have heard negative things about it.  I have been on it for two months and so far, no weight gain, no nausea, no mood swing, or any other of the reported side effect.  The best part about this pill is that it completely cleared up my cystic acne after only a few weeks.  I have been on a couple of other pills with horrible side effects.  Find the pill that works best with your body.  This one seems to work best with mine."
"After a number of inconvenient and stressful visits to ER where I had an injected dose of flecainide ( which put me back into sinus rhythm) my cardiologist prescribed me 200 mg of Flec tabs plus 50 mg of metropolol  on going into AF. It works a treat reversing me in 1 to 3 hours but I&#039;m hoping doesn&#039;t lead to some of the side effects described in other articles on the net."
"My dr put me on Sprintec to regulate me. I have been on it the last year &amp; half. My side effects were tender breasts &amp; mild cramps the week leading up to my period, and then I&#039;d get a headache on the day of my period, which was ok with me as it warns me it was coming. The plus side for me on this pill is my mood swings are gone. It really balances me out. Recently I went to the doctor for a check up, and she suggested a new birth control pill that will aloud me to only have 2 day periods verses the 4 day ones I have with Sprintec, but also, I wouldn&#039;t get the sore breasts, etc., plus it is a lower dose. A week &amp; half into it, I was mad at the world and depressed. I am now back on Sprintec. I&#039;d take sore boobs &amp; headache over mood swings any day!"
"This is worst drug i ever took prescribed  for schizotypal personality disorder and major depression by one of my past psychiatrists. I don&#039;t even understand how this helps other people at all. The psychiatrist thought it might help me, according to her, it was because I mentioned &quot;anger&quot;, which was very black &amp; white of her , um hello...I have severe depression, yet she goes ahead &amp; prescribes me an antipsychotic that shouldn&#039;t have been prescribed to someone with depression like me, so 
 I go on a very low dose, after three days of walking like a zombie, barely able to keep my eyes open, agitated, worse depression, I developed convulsions when trying to sleep on the 3rd night, screaming, crying in pain, barely able to breath &amp; was rushed to the hospital, given ativan to calm me down, stopped latuda entirely"
"Been on this medicine for a while now and its been a God send. Tried Vesicare at first but that didn&#039;t work."
"I have failed all treatments for my migraines. Botox was my absolute last resort. I just went for my 3rd session &amp; have to say it&#039;s totally worth it. I&#039;ve gotten up to 2 full months headache free. It&#039;s so wonderful to feel normal again!"
"I had PTSD and arrhythmia and years of seeing psychologists, antidepressants, sedatives, even valproic acid, nothing did much of anything good and the side effects didn&#039;t outweigh the minimal improvement (improvement being sedation), when I tried propranolol I wasn&#039;t expecting much. I took my first tablet and forgot about it, it kicked in on the train and the effect was profound. For the first time I became aware of how much tension I&#039;d been holding in my muscles, how I&#039;d continuously scan for the possibility of threat, I had no idea I&#039;d been doing this only that I&#039;d felt on edge. I felt like I&#039;d been holding my breath for years and had just been allowed to exhale, nothing else worked for me and I was at the end of my rope, propranolol was a life saver."
"Methotrexate was effective in the beginning for me. After three years of taking 6 pills weekly I contracted Lemierre&#039;s Sydrome Disease and Necrotizing Fasciatis (two fatal) diseases. I survived  and do not take any RA medication. I live a healthy meat free and low omega 6 and 9 diet. Also used several supplements to keep immune system healthy but nothing worked. "
"I am 40 years old and I have never taken a AD in my life, however I should have! I have a hip injury and picked up a addiction to opiates along the way! Luckily effexor has helped with the psychological effects of getting off of opiates! I know about all of the horror stories of AD but for me it was the best choice I could have made! I just returned to a very stressful job after a 2 year absence and I don&#039;t think my return to work would have been as successful without AD! During my 2 year slump I never used to leave the house, I slept all the time, used to cry at the thot of doing the dishes.....insanity! Luckily the only side effects that I had was the dry mouth and slight headaches in the beginning which went away!"
"I started taking this pill about six weeks ago. The first couple of weeks I had abit of bleeding but I think that was partly my fault, not taking it at exactly the same time each day but since I have and all as been well. My boobs seem quite sensitive but larger, so cannot complain. All in all I cannot fault it, no spots, headaches or noticeable weight gain as yet."
"I have used this pill for the last month, and I just started on my second month. I want to say that I started this pill not on the first day of my period, the reason why I wanted to go on the pill was because my period was irregular. I&#039;ve lost a total of 10 lbs since starting this pill, and I&#039;ve noticed that my appetite is a lot smaller now than it was before. I&#039;ve tried other birth control pills and those always made me eat like a monster, but with this pill, I feel a lot better. The first month is pretty brutal. I had a fever the day after I first started the pill, and then I felt sick with stomach pains for the first couple of weeks, but after the first month, I&#039;m feeling a lot better. Note that everyone&#039;s body works differently."
"Took it for 1 year. Hair loss almost stopped. Severe side effects : erection nearly impossible, can&#039;t orgasm, very low libido.. I am 2 years off the drug, still have the side effects, nothing helps."
"Horrible pain and Nerve damage in my feet after one pill.  Couldn&#039;t walk normally for over a month and had to roll around in a chair.  Turns out I didn&#039;t even have the UTI they prescribed it for, but the nerves will still get painful and make walking hard today, which is 6 years later.  
I wouldn&#039;t recommend taking this unless your infection is life threatening!"
"I had moderate depression, crushing anxiety, and probably fibromyalgia. (I&#039;ve never pursed fibro testing due to no health insurance.) One week ago I just could not go on. Depression, anxiety, and all-over aches and stiffness stopped me in my tracks. One day on 30 mg Cymbalta and it all cleared up. I could not believe it. It is a miracle for me. I&#039;ve been on it one full week and am now over the slight nausea, dizziness, and dry mouth. YaY! :-)"
"I&#039;m 19 and I started taking 100mg Vyvanse a day when I was 17. Before Vyvanse I took Focalin. I love Vyvanse except for the fact that it doesnt last for the full 12 hours. When I first started on it, my senior year in high school after I had my daughter. I had never felt so confident. I made high honors and was like smart for the first time. I was capable of being focused of what was only going on in the classroom and didn&#039;t have to worry about anything besides school. I just really hated when I would crash because then I would get tired and then didn&#039;t feel like really doing anything. I do notice side effects but other then that I think it&#039;s worth taking."
"I started Nuvaring about 3 months ago. Before that I had tried two different birth control pills that gave me every possible side effect. I gained 15 pounds, was depressed, angry, had constant headaches, extreme fatigue and for the first time in my life i had cramps!(I had never had cramps before! not even when i got my period for the first time!) I finally went to back to my care provider and picked up some Nuvaring. I noticed changes for the better right away. Im back to my normal self, waking up early, going biking, hiking, and cooking again! I no longer have cramps and im no longer depressed! I even lost 10 pounds!!! (possibly a coincidence...) I wish I could have found the right pill to go on, but nuvaring has treated me well :)"
"I was really excited for Mirena because I suffer from seveer cramps and a very heavy period. This definitely helps that. But my period was irregular, showed up for 2 weeks at a time sometimes, every other week, after sex....there was no rhyme or reason and incredibly annoying. I also had other symptoms that I did not link to Mirena initially until I started doing research and it all made sense. Depression and anger slowly crept in. I chalked it up to being exhausted all the time (another symptom) and not having patience now that I had 2 kids instead of 1. Terrible mood swings. I gained 30 pounds. I always had acne on my chin. My hair thinned terribly. Again, I thought these were from having another baby, but 2 1/2 years later &amp; its the same"
"I&#039;m 21 years old and me &amp; my guy use protection every time. This particular night he got too excited &amp; pulled the condom off. Unfortunately it was the day I ovulated. I&#039;m working and in school so having a baby right now is not in our plans. I went to the pharmacy and got the pill for $50. It was around 3 hours later when I took the pill. I had some cramping and nausea for two days after the pill. My period came on at the usual time 2 weeks later. It was a lot heavier than normal, but I wasn&#039;t pregnant. I came here to read reviews before my decision, so I hope my story can help other women or couples."
"Started experiecing pain peeing and went for a quick dip test after blood in urine was strongly apparant. Prescribed Trimethoprim for a week and cleared it up very quickly however it came back. On the sixth day the doctor rang me urgently saying I needed to take these 4 times a day for a week.

No side effects at all. Possible constipation however this could be due to not wanting to eat/doing less exercise. No chest pains or anything and very quickly cleared up any remaining symptoms. Thank you Macrodantin!"
"Been on Topamax for 3 months I have recently gone up on the dose to 75 mg at bedtime. I&#039;ve been all right dealing with the tingling. I have quit smoking and drinking which is great. I started working out alot since I&#039;ve been so anxious. Possible side effect?  The worst for me is the sleep issues and the mood swings. Since the dose went up I am having terrible night sweats and am waking up all night long. I&#039;m exhausted all day with little to no motivation. My mood swings quickly and dramatically from happy to annoyed. Just trying to wait it out. I&#039;m still having headaches everyday. Just not migraines."
"Worked fantastic for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) that included heart and lung involvement."
"I do feel Clonidine is a highly effective while going through opiate withdrawal. It helps a great deal. I couldn&#039;t imagine a detox without it."
"I got Skyla inserted Nov 2016. I&#039;m 28 with no children. I got the insertion because my periods were hell to deal with, bleed for 7 days, I would throw up, bleed everywhere, extra poopy, and deadly PMS.
The insertion was horrible! The insertion took no more than 5 minutes, but afterwards I cramped, bleed heavily, threw up, and had major gas. I had to lay down in another room because I was so weak and felt as if I was going to pass out. Finally got home, cramping and throwing up still. 
(Fast Fwd) I bleed, cramped, bleed, bleed, until the end of March 2016. As of today, random spotting, random painful cramps (seriously), PMS, no weight gain,  and a little bit of acne (nothing major). Still better than my period. Good luck to your uterus."
"Diag: Bipolar 2 with predominant depression, plus panic disorder. I have been taking a very low starter dose (25mg) of Lamictal for about 3 weeks. I&#039;m due to up the dose to 50mg now. Aside from my anti-panic emergency medicine and proprananol for blood pressure, I&#039;ve never &quot;upped&quot; a dose of anything. I typically give up on a medicine for one reason or another (not effective, negative side effects, complicated dosing, cost, etc). Lamictal is a prescription that I intend to up my dose to 50mg though, and will do so gladly. People have commented on a more calm &amp; &quot;mellow&quot; mood, a greater tolerance to stress and irritations, and being more pleasant to others. I&#039;m on a slightly more even keel now &amp; look forward to seeing what&#039;s next with increased dose"
"I had a torn hole in colon from this which needed surgery to repair. Over two months to recover. expensive. very dangerious. This should not be over counter purchase it should be only by doctor orders."
"No side effects, works great for tooth infections. I always eat before taking any antibiotics. Not sure why others are having such a difficult time with this med."
"I have been taking YAZ for 8 months now and am very pleased with the results.  I have not gained any weight, my acne cleared up completely, and my periods are shorter and lighter.  The first three months I did experience side effects; migranes, tiredness, breakthrough bleeding just the first month; but other than that, it was fine.  I attribute those first three months to my body getting used to the hormones.  At first I was hesistant to try this birth control because of the horror stories I have read online, but I decided to try it anyway, and I am so happy that I did, because it has been wonderful for me.  I suggest anyone debating on trying it out, to not be discouraged by the reviews, because everybodys body is different."
"Got a 30 day sample from my urologist.  For me, this medicine is wonderful.  Am taking lisinopril and lovastatin.  Was concerned if the medicine helped after the first dose.  And am happy to say that it did.  It worked well after about one hour.  But my most intense erection was about after 6 hours.  No side effects to speak of unless you can say my face seemed flush afterwards.  Just assumed it was working.  Do not have a perpetual erection but can feel that I am on the verge of one for a while.  Couldn&#039;t be happier."
"Hardly could walk for 3 years. Been on it for 10 days walking with a lot less pain. Not sure if this medicine did it or higher power but loving life again. I say give a try."
"I take 1000mg two times a day. Taking 325 mg aspirin before I take the Niaspan helps with the flushing. I have been on Niaspan for about 3 years now, my numbers are down 10%. The little bit of flushing I do get is a lot better than the severe joint pain I had with the statin medications. I recommend taking Niaspan. It is working for me."
"Very good at drying the area between the toes. Creams kept the area moist and powders were hard to apply to the infected area without making a big mess."
"I was put on Zanaflex about a six months after my surgery, along with narcotic pain relievers. Zanaflex worked for a while then started giving me muscle spasms. I had to get off of them."
"I am having such a hard time with anti depressants (low tolerance).  I have been on Trintellix for 6 weeks-started on 5 mg currently on 10 mg.  From day one I have had severe side effects: constant nausea, headaches, diarrhea, extreme fatigue, weakness, and restlessness to name just a few.  My mood has been so bad, wanting to crawl out of my skin, crying and very agitated and hostile.  
My constant nausea has finally stopped but now I can&#039;t eat anything as I feel sick.  I am stopping taking Trintellix as I am concerned about how angry I have become since being on this drug.  I am angry at anything and everything.  Have never had this kind of reaction to any of the other ADs and am worried about how intense the anger is."
"I started with severe panic and anxiety attacks 3 years ago, which honestly made me think I was going crazy, scariest time in my life. I tried Zoloft and Lexapro and both made me feel worse. January 2015 I started Paxil 10mg and worked up to 20mg and honestly felt like my old self again, no longer dealt with the attacks. However, in February 2017 I decided to try Prozac because the Paxil had made me numb to everything and I did gain about 45lbs on it. I have now  been on Prozac for almost 3 months and am waiting to switch back over to the paxil because I feel anxious and irritable on this and miss the paxil. I pray for all of you who deal with this awful disease and pray one day they can find an actual cure for it!!!!!"
"I am 60 years old and a career woman who has always struggled with completing tasks despite working long hours. Had recently succombed to depression and loss of self esteem because I was feeling I was no longer capable of performing my job because of age. Suffered this feeling most of my life,  been in therapy and was usually prescribed antidepressants or SSRI inhibitors to treat my symptoms but never cause of my symptoms. I did not even know adults could suffer from ADD. FINALLY a therapist took the time to treat the cause of my lifelong struggle instead of merely sedating me.  MY LIFE HAS CHANGED!! MY JOB PERFORMANCE AND PERSONAL LIFE HAS IMPROVED. I ACTUALLY ACCOMPLISH THINGS.  Why so late in life?"
"I do not like it. Mood swings, lots of bleeding, weight gain and no sex drive."
"I have osteomyolitis /MRSA .  This was Excellent... Great for nausea and definitely gives an appetite without upsetting stomach."
"I was placed on Yaz in May and taken off of Sprintec because of extreme joint swelling.  At first, Yaz was great.  I had no complaint&#039;s the first month, then the weight gain started.  I have been 120lbs my whole adult life and went to 130lb, within days into the second pack.  By August (just months), I slipped into a depression with extreme hopelessness and could not stop crying.  I also noticed that my skin was getting oily.  I called my Doctor and they placed me back on my old pills.  Within a week, my mood has improved, I&#039;m not crying uncontrollably and my skin is normal again.  The pharmacist stated that women either love Yaz or they hate it.  Too bad it didn&#039;t work for me, I am very glad to be off of it."
"I started Mononessa after having been on at least 5 other birth control pills. I&#039;ve now been using Mononessa for almost 5 years. Having been diagnosed with Poly cystic ovarian syndrome, my Obgyn put me on birth control to help the symptoms. Mononessa has eliminated most of my symptoms. While I still struggle with weight gain, this pill hasn&#039;t made me gain weight or make it harder to lose weight. (anyone with PCOS knows that losing weight is the actual struggle). Overall I really like this pill and it has been a life saver!"
"I have been on Topiragen since about 2004/2005. It is now 2013. I have been on 100mg and just recently been increased to 150mg. I have been epileptic most my life. Topiragen is fantastic. As long as I take care of myself and take it properly I hardly have any issues. It was increased but only because I am overly stressed so I am having more issues with my myclonics. Also, and very important...I took this while I was pregnant. I did slack off on taking it since it was a new drug at the time. My son does have Aspergers (not medically diagnosed..he was diagnosed by the state of Iowa -AEA) I did try to breast feed but after 2 wks my breasts stopped producing milk. Idk if it is connected."
"My husband was given a dose at the emergency room and it was the only thing that helped him."
"I&#039;ve struggled to quit smoking and I haven&#039;t enjoyed anything about smoking for years. It&#039;s simply addiction and the &quot;need&quot; to smoke. Two weeks ago I began taking chantix. My plan was to set a quit date after starting. I&#039;m worried that it may not be working for me as I hoped. I still crave a cigarette roughly every hour. I think I&#039;ve noticed that they are tasting worse, but they&#039;ve tasted bad before to me. The side effects are starting to bother me some. I caught myself contemplating quitting my job today. This makes me think I may be having some signs of depression. More than anything my body just feels somewhat weak and I&#039;ve developed sores in my mouth. I&#039;m really hoping this helps me quit smoking because I&#039;m getting desperate."
"As of last Monday, I was still drinking 2 bottles of wine every night. Come Tuesday, and two bottles of wine have sat chilling in the fridge and I have zero interest in consuming them. I had been taking naltrexone as instructed 1 hour (or more sometimes just to be safe) before drinking for about a month and a half. I noticed an immediate difference in how alcohol affected me the very first day I took naltrexone, but the difference was hard to pinpoint. As time wore on though, it felt more and more like I was forcing myself to drink to battle depression, but was very aware it wasn&#039;t doing anything to help. I just don&#039;t want it anymore. Now I don&#039;t see myself drinking in the future. This drug is a miracle and I couldn&#039;t be happier."
"I had a UTI and my Dr. prescribed Macrobid.  I&#039;m allergic to most antibiotics and usually experience all the side effects possible so I read the reviews here and was so scared to take it that I waited a week to see if my symptoms would somehow go away on their own (they didn&#039;t).  I finally said a prayer and started the Macrobid.  The only side effect I had at all was a pretty good headache on days 1 and 2, which was relieved with Advil.  I wish I had started sooner!  Just remember that usually, the only people coming to these sites are people who have had bad reactions.  My pharmacist said that she&#039;s been prescribing it for 35 years and never heard of anyone having really bad reactions to it."
"I was dreading taking this medication because I had been feeling really exhausted &amp; unwell for a long time, the thought of being awake half the night on the loo concerned me how exhausted I might feel the next day. I was pleasantly surprised to discover however that the more waste that was expelled the better I felt &amp; the more my energy returned. I did find though that if I tried to lie down in between visits to the loo I would feel sick and the tiredness would begin to return. I guess it must have been slowing down the expelling of toxins &amp; so the toxins were being reabsorbed back into my body. No cramping or any pain, largely due I believe to not eating massive meals in the few days in the lead up... what goes in has to come out!!"
"I have it all...anxiety, depression and insomnia.  Sometimes I can be anxious in the morning, depressed in the afternoon. Have tried Wellbutrin/Cymbalta combination, Pristiq, Viibryd, Effexor, and every SSRI.  I definitely felt an improvement with Cymbalta/Wellbutin and Pristiq, but not 100% myself.  Remeron has been a God send to me.  It works fast; dare I say I am in a good mood again after only three days. I was a bit tired in the morning, but I will gladly take some fatigue to rid of the anxiety and depression, and I hear this goes away in time.  As far as the weight gain, I have always been a good eater and go to the gym, so if my appetite increases (it hasn&#039;t as of yet) I will just have to monitor it. So far, it&#039;s been great."
"My first implant was amazing with no bleeding or problems really. Only time my hormones were up the spout was when I would have actually been due a period. 
My second implant however is a total different ball game, I&#039;ve had random heavy painful periods lasting for 2-3 weeks, and also gained nearly 2 stone in weight which I have tried every possible way to get rid off but can&#039;t.
I&#039;m having it removed next week and going back to the pill with the advice of my nurse and with the hope I can shift the weight gain. 
I constantly feel miserable and have no sex drive what so ever.
The pill is less convenient as you don&#039;t even need to think about the implant once it is in, but I can&#039;t live feeling how I do!"
"This is the second bronchitis episide (6 months apart) that I have used Tessalon perles.  They are like a miracle that let me stop coughing so severely and also sleep at night! I tried taking just 1 when first prescribed and didn&#039;t notice any improvement, so I&#039;ve found 2 at each dose works miracles for me!"
"I have had 2 infusions of Rituxan for rheumatoid arthritis.  Within 4 days of the first infusion I was beginning to feel better. I am 5 days out from my second infusion and I can already move with little or no pain for the first time in over a year.  For me, its been a life saver."
"A little hesitated first two times injecting myself, but it is worth it. Had nerve spairing for bladder cancer, but after 2.5 years with no normal erection this saved the day."
"I would not recommend this to anyone. I am now 2 months pregnant because my Skyla expelled from my uterus into my cervix, without me knowing. This however is partially the doctor I was seen by did not do proper follow ups, or check for the placement of the IUD, and disregarded my concerns. However the months prior with the IUD were painful and my period was extremely heavy and would last 2-3 weeks with severe cramps. If you do decide to move forward with Skyla, make sure you have a doctor you trust. As well as you know the complications of this IUD. I&#039;m a 20 year old with now the decision on what to do next and my heart is shattered. Take caution with this IUD. Much love and best wishes to you all."
"I had no problem with this medication and my body is the anti-antibiotic! I am allergic to every antibiotic under the sun and avoid using them as much as possible, but I did not nip this urinary tract infection in the butt before it required a Dr.&#039;s visit. I was instructed to take the pill twice a day for seven days. The first two days the medicines did make me feel a little drowsy, but I think my body adjusted. Just make sure you give yourself time to know how it will affect you before driving etc. I also would suggest taking it with a full meal. I did not experience any nausea, but I made it a point to only take my pills with a full stomach. I noticed results by the third day. I just finished the last dose and am feeling great."
"I took Prozac for about 25 years with good results"
"It is an amazing medicine.  My right foot drop has improved tremendously.  I can wash dishes without having to sit halfway through.  I am glad to read others are experiencing wonderful effects too.  It is my miracle."
"IT WORKS!!  I can control my emotions.  However, I am packing on the pounds like you would not believe and am having trouble sleeping at night."
"I used makena during my pregnancy and also had a cervical stitch put in at 17 weeks had a healthy baby girl would totally recommend it to any one in a high risk pregnancy. Just wondering if any one else who has used the injection experienced irregular period&#039;s lasting a lot longer than you had anticipated?"
"Prozac for anxiety and stress:  I started Prozac 20 mgs on January 1, 2016. I feel great so far with no anxiety and panicky feeling. Not everyday is perfect but that is life. The first two weeks on Prozac 20 mgs, it made my anxiety high, it made me nauseated, unable to eat and unable to sleep.  Since I suffer from GAD, 20 mgs suddenly stopped working and I went up to 40 mgs. 
Increased to 40 mgs, it gave me a lot of anxiety and panicky feeling again.  After one week or so, the anxiety was gone. The panicky feeling was also gone.   I have tried three other ADs and they all gave me chronic nausea and headache. However, on Prozac, I feel great. I do feel nauseas at but it is manageable. Give Prozac 7 weeks before you quit. Two thumbs up!"
"I am on 40 mg of Lexapro for the treatment of BDD. I have been on this medication for over 6 months and it has changed my life!"
"It is effective but the nausea is too strong. I am unable to do anything for an hour because I&#039;m hunched over in discomfort. Although I have never thrown up with the drug, I have come close to it.

I recommend eating and then taking the drug. This seems to keep the nausea at bay. If I take it before I eat or take it on an empty stomach, I am in trouble."
"I had uncontollable moods of anger sadness and happiness. I looked for ways to fixing it with drinking heavily and sleeping all day. Celexa cured my moods of feeling the need to drink and calmed my worries about life. Without Celexa my life was uncontrollable eating and sleeping and worried all the time. With this I was able to wake up early, get into a workout routine, eat healthily and go back to school without feeling overwhelmed. My friends and family see this positive change in my life. I noticed after 3 months I had to up my dosage from 10mg to 20 mg. I wish the low dosage would last longer but as for that Celexa has helped me in every part of my life!"
"I starated taking birth control for the first time back in October. Since I was 23 and had never been on the pill I was expecting the worst. Weight gain, acne, mood swings, no sex drive.... and for the first 2 months of Sprintec, I can say all of that was true. But I just finished month 3 on Sprintec and WOW. My face is a smooth porcelain complexion, I&#039;ve lost several pounds, my sex drive has been gradually growing week by week, and my mood swings are dissipating. I still get pms-like symptoms the week before my placebos but I had those before the pill so really no complaint there. My depression hasn&#039;t improved but it hasn&#039;t gotten worse either. I was depressed before the pill so I can&#039;t say if Sprintec has affected that any."
"I&#039;ve been taking the pill for about 3 weeks now . At first I was breaking out on my face but it&#039;s going away,  the only negative thing I can really say is that I&#039;m always hungry and craving junk food and soda ...I&#039;ve only had sex once since I&#039;ve been on it but used condom afraid not to use condom I just had a baby..not expensive !"
"I love this medicine. I had to take it while I was pregnant because I was not eating and I was losing weight. So this was a great booster.... Now I&#039;m pregnant again and I&#039;m looking forward to having this medicine again if needed.."
"I have had the implant for about two months now and I have not really had any problems except for strange bleeding patterns which I was told was to be expected for the first six months to a year. The only other thing that kind of bothered me was a weird bout of serious depression and irritability, but I just reminded myself my body is getting used to this new method. I had been using the depo shot since I was about 15 ( I am 20 now) and it&#039;s fairly similar. One thing I like is that I have not had any weight gain, but I&#039;ve actually been able to lose weight fairly easy. I know it&#039;s early but I love it, and if I have any weird problems in the future I can just get it removed, which I like!"
"My doctor recommended that I print out the coupon from Pfizer for the 3 free tabs before he prescribed Viagra because of the cost.  I was directed to take 1/2 of a 100mg tablet (which was easy to cut in half).  Seemed to start working 45 minutes to one hour after taking.  Worked well, but 4 hours or so after taking it, it wore off.  Yes, was trying more than 1 hardy attempt! This went on for almost a year. Doctor switched me over to Cialis. Cialis has become my &quot;weekend warrior&quot; pill as it lasts almost the entire weekend."
"I finished the 6 day trial, and I must say I felt so good on the last 2-3 days on Deplin. I didn&#039;t experience the crazy lows I had in the last few months. I don&#039;t truly have depression, more like bipolar 2, and on no medications. I love my emotions, and want to work with them, so my naturopath suggested we try Deplin. I will be seeing her again next week, and I will ask her to continue it."
"I&#039;ve been on nicotine (various products) for nearly 15 yrs, and I feel great, I run twice a week 5k, and eventually will stop, but as it is, I don&#039;t smoke and each time I stop the patch I find I have to go get a cigarette- hence I stay on a low dose. I don&#039;t smoke and that my friend is what matters."
"Where do I start? I&#039;m 22 years old and I had Implanon inserted middle of July 2009. Insertion was painless but side effects are unbearable. I&#039;ve gained 50 lbs and counting, constant bleeding ever since I got it; severe anxiety/depression and mood swings. No sex drive, increased vaginal discharge, acne ....did I mention I&#039;ve been bleeding for 6 months! I want to switch to Yaz but I smoke. "
"I love Pristiq. Upped from 50 mg to 100 mg and it works better with 100 mg Seroquel XR. Better than Zoloft and I&#039;m now almost feeling normal. No side effects at all."
"I tried Lexapro because I was very high strung, was easily angered over the most minor incidents and was always worried about everything. Was hoping for any sign of relief. I didn&#039;t really notice any significant improvements in the first few weeks but I&#039;m on the fourth month of taking it now and what a difference. It&#039;s not like a light bulb went off and I completely changed. I still get angry and worry but it goes away easily. You just don&#039;t care as deeply as you used to. For me it&#039;s worth it. I wouldn&#039;t call it a miracle but it most definitely takes the edge off. I am thrilled with it."
"So far I have had no issues with the Implanon. I&#039;m surprised after reading tons of horrible stories from other females. Insertion felt like a pinch and when it was done my arm was wrapped up. It was quick and simple. I didn&#039;t even have to pay a lot because my insurance covered it. My arm didn&#039;t bruise at all and I was able to just wear a bandaid without it being noticeable. I haven&#039;t had any crazy side effects other than being a little more emotional but it&#039;s the same level as when I get my PMS. I&#039;m happy that I got this implant because now I can feel safe with my partner. I don&#039;t want to have any kids anytime soon."
"I was prescribed Lyrica for nerve pain in my leg and foot and found the &quot;side effect&quot; to be a lightening of my depression without the fogginess of other, more conventional medications prescribed for depression. I&#039;m glad to see that it can be used for anxiety. It certainly makes a positive impact on my mood."
"I am 66 and in the last 12 months have suddenly started to have difficulty in maintaining an erection

I am in the UK and bought Sildenafil online (although it was Viagra which arrived) in 25mg form. It seems extremely reasonably priced

I bought it without telling my wife, and only used it after she suggested it. It felt like an admission of failure, and that she might think it was insulting to her.

Intercourse has taken place twice now, both times around 2 hours after taking it. The erection is more like it was even fairly recently but not exceptional as reported elsewhere (so scored an 8). Have had little in the way of side effects so far. Perhap a larger dose has greater effect both good and bad

Recommend it? Absolutely!"
"Will never use this again. Haven&#039;t had one of these infections in years, but never remember the RX from doctor burning like this. This is worse than pain prior to application. I will take back and get my 20 bucks back. Have a busy day at work tomorrow. I&#039;m so mad right now!!."
"Maxalt did nothing and oral sumatriptan stopped working so I tried Zomig spray. I followed the directions exactly and still got a ton of product dripping down the back of my throat (which is normal). Either my migraine kept getting worse of the Zomig made it worse. Either way, this did not work for me."
"Started Chantix on April 9 2013. ON April 23 2013 I quit. 8 months.  smoke free"
"I had the most awful experience with Nexplanon. My period never stopped from the day it was inserted in my arm. I had intermittent arm pain. I had terrible mood swings. I gained weight, despite eating less and exercising more. Eventually I had to call my doctor and ask they remove it ASAP."
"I love Ritalin. I have a wonderful peace that I never had before.  I am 61 years old and have just started taking it for the last few weeks. I can actually concentrate now.  I am not so fidgety. I wished had this about 55 years ago and one thing I noticed, I am dreaming where I don&#039;t remember dreaming in years."
"I had liver damage from Lisc/hcl  so I became type 2 diabetic ..My M.D. put me on Bydureon to take the load off my liver to allow it to heal...I have dropped 18 lbs , my nurse pract/bydur rep taught me how to eat properly  WATCH YOUR CARBS...NOT CALORIES!!! I was only eating between 1000-1400 calories a day and gaining weight. My NP taught me about carbs  my 120 calorie snack had 110 carbs in it!!! As a diabetic I was only to shoot for 150 carbs a day..I did this... the weight is melting off my liver enzyme test came back perfect! after two years of fighting!!.. the Bydureon is working!! it  did give me some heart burn,diarreah ,and lumps at injection site...but I feel this is worth it !! I have been on it for 6 weeks now! count your carbs!"
"I&#039;ve been generally anxious most of my life but about two years ago I started getting probably 3 panic attacks a day, I couldn&#039;t fall asleep, and I felt nauseated from morning to night. I&#039;ve tried my fair share of drugs and Zoloft was the worst for me. My anxiety was gone but I felt like I was having pre-menstrual mood swings 24/7. Most of the time I felt angry at everyone and everything except at night when I was extremely needy and sad. Plus food was constantly on my mind. All I wanted to do was eat. And after I finished eating I would still be hungry. All that eating mixed with not wanting to get up and do anything caused me to gain weight.
For me, Celexa works a hell of a lot better."
"I only took it for three nights before I gave up. It seemed to keep me up longer than usual. The worst part was that I was dizzy the next day almost like vertigo, usually when I go from a laying down to standing position. The room just spins. It&#039;s been three nights since I&#039;ve taken the medication and these side effects have not gotten any better."
"Ate a big dinner and lots of fluid took 1000mg at 5:15pm around 8p I had a large loose stool. Laid down felt kind of tired for a few hours but now I&#039;m fine. No complaints"
"It works really well."
"As this medicine can cause intestinal problems care should be exercised because sometimes backache is due to intestinal obstruction."
"I promised I would write a review if it worked and it did!! My boyfriend and I had sex and the condom slipped off and neither of us realized until after, so he came completely inside me. I took the pill an hour and a half later. I was on no birth control (dumb I know) and I was in the middle of my cycle so odds are I was ovulating. About a week later I had my period, it came a week early. We are both freshman in college and are no where near ready for a baby so I am beyond thankful for plan b. I&#039;ve never been so stressed and scared in my life, but it worked so relax!!"
"Thumbs up! I was prescribed Tram for abdominal pain, and in the process of taking once daily, 50mg, I realized that my energy is boosted, my mood is elevated, and I felt 10 to 15 years younger. I also observed more creativity and a heightened sense of wellbeing. Must be the serotonin higher levels."
"We found pinworms in our 6 y.o. son first then later I started to feel the symptoms myself. We treated all family. It seems to help my son better than me - I still have symptoms. I took it three times already, but it doesn&#039;t really work that well. "
"Doctor prescribed Crestor 5mg, after I experienced bad muscle pains with two other brands. A few days after taking Crestor, I got very painful muscles. I went off the Crestor for a month (suggested by cardiologist) and took only lecithin gel capsules. After the month was up, had lipogram, and cholesterol was high; Total cholesterol was 260 HDL: 55  LDL 171, Triglycerides 151- All numbers significantly higher than  3 months previously. So contrary to the hype about Lecithin, it did not work. It is clear, I cannot take statins of any kind. Disappointing, as Crestor is said to work well and work quick, but side effects are painful and can be dangerous."
"I&#039;ve started this medication about three weeks ago and so far I&#039;m a bit satisfied. I used this medication before, and this medication is suppose to make your acne ALOT worse because it takes all the bad stuff out of your body. The first 2 weeks were absolutely horrible, a would wake up with 3-5 new cystic pimples on my face and back everyday. When I used this before, I remember that it took me almost  4 months to be totally clear. The thing is to have LOTS of patience, because the first weeks are frustrating. I&#039;m reaching to week 4 and in a year worth of the pills and I&#039;m starting to see improvement on my complexion and less redness, as well as the pimple minimizing. I will put an update once I see dramatic results."
"Had my first flare with diverticulitis 4 months ago, ended up in the emergency room. Prescribed Bactrim and Flagyl and four days bed rest. Pain subsided after 2 days on the meds, but felt pretty crummy for the next week, and had to deal with loss of taste and bad taste in my mouth. Didn&#039;t attribute feeling so yucky with the meds. Had a second milder diverticulitis flare up four days ago. Went to the doc 2 days ago and I&#039;m back on Bactrim and Flagyl. Came back to work today and I am SO NAUSEOUS! The bad taste in my mouth has returned, and I really don&#039;t feel well at all. I really DO NOT want to end up where I was last Jan when I went to the emergency room - so I&#039;m still taking the Flagyl. Doc gave me Zofran for the nausea, it helps some."
"As soon as I started using this product, the after after my throat felt terrible and drainage started. I continued using it for 4 days and nothing changed. Do not recommend at all."
"I&#039;ve been told that due to my type of birth control if I am a little late taking it, as long as it&#039;s same day it would still be effective. Well I&#039;ve had a bit of a time adjusting to it but it was still somewhat predictable (If I don&#039;t take it exactly the same time I spot). Well I didn&#039;t spot which was odd and made me paranoid. My ovary hurt a week after spotting (sign of being fertile/ovulating). So I took Aftera. The cramps hurt for a few days and possible UTI so I drank a whole lot of water and tea. Overall I didn&#039;t feel much different than when I had cramps before birth control. 

TLDR (Too long; didn&#039;t read): Not pregnant. Aftera did it&#039;s job I believe. Changing my b.c. time so I can remember it easier."
"I had originally gotten on nexplanon to help with terrible, heavy periods. I have not stopped bleeding since I got on it. I had mood swings, constant spotting. I had my period for a month straight. Absolutely no sex drive, which is out of character for me and my partner hated. I would get nauseous after eating, so I stopped eating as much. Yet I still gained a good 40lbs with a healthy diet and working out 5 days a week. Absolutely hated this birth control, I was so glad to get it taken out."
"Worst drug ever taken. It&#039;s like living half dead."
"Had my first shots in each knee last Thursday...immediately after the doctor had me hold ice on my knees before I left the office...when home, within a few hours I noticed a huge difference in both knees. Getting up and down from a sitting position is painless now. The injections weren&#039;t horrible. I am wondering if the second and third shots get easier?"
"I have eczema that flares up awful with the season changes. This time it decided to flare up on my eyelids of all places and I was given eucrisa to help manage it. The medicine works and clears up my eczema dramatically. The BURNING is terrible! It is almost unbearable and hurts so bad it makes my head ache. So really it&#039;s just depending on where your eczema is located? I will keep using it because my eczema is awful without it, but goodness it is SO painful."
"Very good medication (as they go) for chronic,intractable back pain.  Works well with NSAIDs to keep pain at a tolerable level, without frequent dose changing.  Needs to have a breakthrough med with it. Fast acting morphine a good choice."
"I&#039;m on week one and I feel a difference already. Been depressed for years on and off.  Finally felt strong enough to share my story with someone and was diagnosed severe depression.  I always thought the way out of depression is to fix was is bothering you and everything will be fine.  6 Years later, I missed out on fun, laughter and family.  Won&#039;t let time fly by anymore.  I hope I continue to want to go outside, meet people and lose weight. I will keep you posted."
"For a couple of weeks, I&#039;ve had discharge but the doctors kept telling me it was normal, so after I felt a bit of burning and itchiness, I went back. The doctor looked down there and said everything looked fine but when she took a sample, it came back as a yeast infection.I tried this pill once 150 mg one time and it didn&#039;t work for some reason but now I&#039;m attempting it again."
"Started smoking when I was 18 and have smoked a pack a day for 17 years. NEVER thought I would be able to stop. Well I have with Chantix. I quit on my quit day and haven&#039;t looked back. Started running to fill the down time. I am on the second week which is 2 blue pills a day but only did that for 2 days. Currently on 1 pill as I did have trouble falling asleep. That has been my only side effect. No nausea and no nightmares - but I do have VERY vivid dreams which I actually enjoy. This is a miracle drug for me. I wish it could work for everyone like it is working for me."
"Riding a bicycle 30-40mins twice a day 3-6 days a week.  Had trouble witha high diastolic pressure but since dose was increased from 5mg to 10mg, it dropped and the exercise has definitely prevented any swelling."
"So I am currently on day 2 and let me just say, i have never been sooo TIRED!  My stomach constantly aches and i feel a lot of pressure like i have to poop. I haven&#039;t quite hit the nauseous part yet. The reviews seem horrid but as of right now i&#039;m still holding on with feeling decently normal. I haven&#039;t noticed my smell going away yet and i definitely still have the discharge. I just want this awful smell to go away. I find myself with soaked underwear and a heavy &quot;cum/fish&quot; smell lingering threw my pants, and let me tell you it&#039;s embarrassing because my friend told me she could smell it but i didn&#039;t say it was me... I am on birth control and with taking antibiotics your birth control with stop working for the next 2-3 weeks. SO be careful!"
"I got my liletta nearly four months ago to the day (12/8/16). Despite a rough start things seem to be levelling out now and I&#039;m pretty pleased with it.

 Insertion definitely hurt, but if you take some ibuprofen prior to it the pain shouldn&#039;t leave you too miserable. I already had really heavy, painful periods so my first period on it was a special sort of hell. I also had weird, intermittent spotting and cramping for the first 2-3 months, but by March things started to lighten up. Cramps can now be treated with an  in-pants heating pad and my flow is but a trickle. I reckon my period will stop altogether within the next few months.

If you can tough out the rough start it&#039;s worth it! Doesn&#039;t last as long as the others but still gets it done!"
"I have been taking this drug for about a year. I have lost 60 lbs. I made changes in my diet, but I am in no way deprived! I feel great. My fasting blood sugars went from about 150 to...96!!! I highly recommend this drug. I found a coupon online that makes it free with my insurance.Do a google search and talk to your pharmacist to see if you can find one."
"After 1st pill symptoms  of uti gone 2nday mild nausea. Best uti drug I have ever had. If u read the reviews you get scared silly"
"Went on this just for birth control. My acne has always been mild, break out near period usually. When i started the pill i broke out for the first 2 months in places i don&#039;t normally break out (cystic too). It was pretty sad because i don&#039;t normally break out that bad. On my third pack now though and my skin is pretty much clear again. 
My period pain used to be severe though and now they are much better (period has always been regular and short, 3-4 days). I have increased a cup in breast size too. I haven&#039;t gained any weight or had any cravings since on the pill. However i have had a couple days where i would feel sad/moody for no reason, and get nausea randomly but not too bad."
"Just started Buspirone 10mg twice a day. For years I have been on Celexa, Bupropion, and Clonazepam. Those 3 worked for me, but my doc suggests instead of taking clonazepam daily, I should try Buspirone for long term use, &amp; clonazepam for when my panic attacks are truly out of control. 

So far the drug combination has had no major negative interactions. I take the Buspirone with food. The first 2 days in &amp; I had pretty bad headaches, about 2 weeks in now &amp; tonight I&#039;m having severe dizziness, which is making me nauseas. I&#039;m definitely going to keep going on them though.  I LOVE my clonazepam (klonopin). Its almost instant relief during an attack, but after reading about it extensively &amp; talking with my 2 docs, I&#039;m ready to get off of it."
"Solodyn helped get rid of my cystic acne, but I had very bad side effects. It caused me to be itchy all over to the point were I had welts from scratching so much. And most of the time I was itchy in very uncomfortable areas. It was itchy on my scalp, my back, hands, feet, and stomach. Every place on my body itched. After stopping it for three days I did not have an itch at all."
"I am 18. I have been using Vicodin for about a year now for migraines and back pain. My back problems started right after I had my son. I never experienced back pain or migraines until I had him. All the lifting him up and yelling triggered the issues! I was on a medication called &quot;Bultab&quot;. It kept me awake all night, it was terrible. Thankfully I was written a prescription for Vicodin and it really helped."
"Stopped hot flashes resulting from taking Lupron for prostate cancer. Wonderful medicine."
"I don&#039;t  have  side effects just a headache, I worked all time and followed the instructions,  after of 30 days my blood test was negative."
"Both my husband and I take magnesium at night, and find we sleep much better, and can do without taking other sleep aids/medicines.  Just take care that it is not contraindicated for your condition or with other medications you are taking."
"After I stopped taking my birth control pill I had experienced full blown severe acne. My body was used to taking it for 7 years so my hormones have been all out of whack. I wanted to cry everyday in the mirror looking at myself being 21 years old with a pizza face. Tried EVERYTHING and as soon as I was about to give up I was prescribed Aczone. After ONE DAY I began to see a difference. I&#039;ve been using it for a couple of weeks now and am almost completely acne free. I SWEAR by this stuff it is the best thing that&#039;s ever happened to me regarding skin."
"I got the Skyla IUD put in in the beginning of May 2014 due to my inability to take combined hormonal birth control of any sort due to major migraines and mood swings. My first two periods after insertion gave me the most terrible cramps, but have since lightened up a lot as has my period flow.  It messed with my sex drive for a while, but that seems to have evened out as well.  The only real downside that I can tell is the 3 or so days of spotting after my period, but that has slowly been disappearing as well.  I would honestly suggest the Skyla to anyone after all my terrible experiences with other birth controls this has been a major God send."
"Im 41 years old with irregular bleeding. I have had mirena in for 9 months, and so far so good."
"Within 1 hr of taking - starting shaking uncontrollably, threw up and couldn&#039;t sleep"
"I&#039;ve taken Yaz for 3 and a half years, but when I first started it was a nightmare! I felt sick all the time with no appetite and the first period I had on Yaz was even worse! I was way more moody than I was off the pill and would just start crying for no reason. It got better and my periods were lighter, but like most after that 3 year mark I started feeling anxious and depressed. I&#039;m getting switched off of it now because of it. It&#039;s great for short term."
"I get horrible cramping in my lower abdomen and my GI suspects I have IBS so she prescribed this to me to take as needed up to twice a day. This is the only stuff that works for me in all honesty. I have tried everything else and this has worked like a charm every time I have needed it."
"My Experience:
I was extremely constipated for about 5 days, I felt the urge to go but I just couldn&#039;t. I took ONE tablet of the Dulcolax for Women around 6:30pm with a full glass of water and I continued to drink about 40-50oz of water until bedtime (I drink about 80oz of water daily so I drank about 40 extra oz that day). I didn&#039;t get the sweats, nausea or cramping that night and it didn&#039;t wake me up in the middle of the night. I woke up at 6am and I did get SOME cramping, it felt the same as trapped gas pain but nothing overly unbearable. I  had a bowel movement after about 20 mins and I felt GREAT. I had loose stool afterwards but no pain or cramping. I avoided starch and breads for the day - for extra measure. I loved this product!"
"Plan B was ultimately worth the money because I didn&#039;t get pregnant, but the side effects were bad. I had extreme cramps, nausea, and I had basically a continued period for 2 months before I finally decided my body wouldn&#039;t fix itself. Once I got put on the pill my body evened back out."
"Perfect!!! I been on this medication for about 3 months now omg a huge improvement. My face was horrible huge acne cyst that j would try to pop and nothing work. When I started medication my face was very irritated started peeling got very red look like I was sunburn I couldn&#039;t be in the sun more than an hour because I will look like a tomatoe. Now my face is clear redness free no cyst Acne free. Best thing ever highly recommended."
"Aubra has been effective for me, but I&#039;ve had to become used to it, and learn how to curb side effects. 

Pros: Not pregnant (!), Cleared up moderate adult acne, small and easy to take, no side effects when taken before bed with food, no spotting/cramping between &quot;periods&quot;.

Cons: If taken in morning, I had terrible side effects all day. Became dizzy, faint, and would vomit for a good part of the afternoon. Only way to avoid symptoms was to eat constantly. All of this was fixed for me by taking in the evening with food."
"My acid reflux has been so bad that I thought it was bile reflux.  My mouth was sour all the time; my stomach was bloated all the time; I just felt sick.  I tried half a dozen different things including Gasx, prilosec, gaviscon and others.  None of them helped.  I tried Zantac three days ago and have been taking two a day ever since and my symptoms are gone.  Alka Seltzer gives me some immediate relief and I&#039;ve been taking Alka Seltzer all my adult life, but Zantac just clears up the whole sour mess that has made my life miserable."
"I started taking Advair 50/500 about 2 years ago. I must say that I have noticed almost a complete turn around with my breathing problems which is wonderful. However, I am in the emergency room almost half of every month due to severe heartburn, gallbladder attacks, severe stomach, throat and esophagus pain. It is all due to the Advair. Have been on all the breathing medicines and Advair works the best. Just don&#039;t know if I can keep dealing with all these side effects."
"I have severe chronic pain and have had everything that every doctor ever wanted to try on me only to make everything worse. I have been on pain medicines for 10 years and I tried Suboxone. It&#039;s great for getting off the pain medicines because it stops the withdrawals but it doesn&#039;t work for pain for more than about a week. I tried it for a month but the pain I am in was just too much to handle for me."
"Have been prescribed a plethora of anti-depressants and non-benzodiazepine anti-anxiety meds; all accompanied by horrendous, long lasting side effects. Had a bad experience with a psychiatrist &amp; also held a negative attitude toward being dependent on medication, therefore decided to be anti-medicated for several (miserable) years.
Eventually came to terms with the fact that I can not properly function in society without medication. It took awhile, but I have finally found a great combination of meds, including .5 mg of Clonazepam. Anxiety is better managed. Happy to no longer be missing out because of anxiety. Would recommend a low dose (prescribed by a doctor, of course) to someone that has tried multiple anxiety medications with no avail."
"My grand daughter is four she was born with a birth defect and has chronic constipation we tried  prune juice when she was  a baby it only worked for a little bit . Then she got sent to a G.I doctor and he said try miralax and give her a whole packet. She has been on it since she was about a year and a half and it works great for her . She will have to be on it for a while. She had to learn how to recognize her systems and when to go to the bathroom and with this medicine she is doing awesome .. I hope that she won&#039;t have to be on it for life . Thank you miralax"
"I feel like I&#039;ve been on very sleeping aid option to treat insomnia. With no success of anything I&#039;ve tried my doctor prescribed  Restoril. FINALLY something worked! I get a full 8 hours of sleep. My doctor also prescribed me Paxil on top of my regular Abilify for depression and anxiety, because I started to have anxiety before going to bed out of fear of not being able to sleep. So the drug combo has worked a miracle for me. I build up tolerances to medication very quickly, so now we&#039;ll see how long I last on Restoril. But I&#039;m praying that it continues to work for me. I highly recommend Restoril."
"Amazing. I thought my life was over. I dealt with anxiety since childhood. At times it was worse than others but in the past 9 months it has become so severe that it manifested into unbearable physical symptoms. I was experiencing a cycle of extreme hot flashes that would drench me in sweat, the hot sweat turned to cold dampness quickly turning to violent chills. Uncontrollable heaving made me vomit a dozen times a day. I would wake every day in a full blown anxiety attack. I wasn&#039;t able to eat or even quit shivering. I lost 15 pounds in 3 weeks, was so emaciated, dehydrated I really felt like I was dying. In 3 days Buspar made me feel NORMAL. Not zombied or depressed like other medicines. Buspar saved my life, or at least gave me the ability to live."
"The implant is very effective for preventing pregnancy. The only issues I had was the side effects. It make me extremely sleepy and   Exhausted. The side effects didn&#039;t kick in right away but after some type I notice the changes and decided to have it removed. I am no longer feeling tired and sluggish."
"I&#039;ve been on Effexor-XR for around 6 months now.  My dose is up to 300 mg, and it will probably increase to 375 mg next visit.  I was in an extremely deep depression and was initially prescribed prozac.  That was a mistake for me.  Affter a 2 week washout I was switched to a low dose of efexor, and it was gradually increased.  It is helping with the depression.  I have feelings again, and I can talk to people and meet their eyes.  It&#039;s not so good for the generalised anxiety.  Side effects at the start were lack of appetite and insomnia.  Only the insomnia remains, and has got worse as the dose has increased."
"This medication helped me sleep a full night. It works about the same as Restoril, but maybe with a little more morning hang-over."
"I started on 75mg at night for fibromyalgia about 3 weeks ago.  I&#039;ve gone from constant, excruciating pain, to almost none. So far so good though &amp; no weird food cravings at all."
"Fire ants is a PERFECT way of discribing how this feels! Almost immediately after inserting the cream I felt this fire itching feels and it&#039;s honestly the most uncomfortablist thing ever... STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT."
"works great...starts working right away and doesn&#039;t stain."
"I take 10mg 3x a day along with ibuprofen when my lower back starts acting up. I am better in 2 - 3 days. Works great for me.
My doctor used to also prescribe a narcotic pain reliever but that did nothing for the pain. Ibuprofen along with Flexeril works best."
"I got my tubes tied about 8 months ago and it ruined me. Extremly painful heavy periods. I mean to the point where I could not walk. Painful ovulation and for the first time ever--- my skin broke out like a teenager. I have never ever had skin issues.  My Dr put me on hormone therapy. Started with junel,  but that did nothing. My insurance changed it to microgestin and I was a little apprehensive. I started taking it to try it out, and I love it! My skin cleared up in a matter of a week, no weight gain, no mood swings and very light periods!  It did make me nauseous at first but that went away. It also increased my breast size a bit. I read the reviews and was nervous to try it, but I must say, I love it!"
"Was taking this pill every day at the same time.Never missedd a day. I ended up getting pregnant."
"I needed an IUD because I am terrible at remembering pills and my husband and I don&#039;t even know if we want kids. And this may be TMI, but we hate condoms, and while he was excellent control and always pulled, it&#039;s still a little nerve wracking. So we thought we would try this. 
I&#039;ll admit, it hurt a lot when they put it in. It helped that my dr kept telling me what she was doing the whole time and she paused. It was over really fast but I hurt a lot and her assistant had to keep reminding me to breath and flex my toes. They brought me water and told me to lay there as long as I needed to. Stayed about 10 minutes only
What saved me during my worst time next 3 days was Promethazine 25mg, 1 tab every 12 hours. Treats nausea and pain a little."
"32 years old. Have been taking melatonin about 4 years now.  It works great.  I started off at 3 mg, and now take 9mg a few times a month to help with sleep issues.  I haven&#039;t noticed weird dreams.  What I like is that I fall asleep,and if I had to get up for an emergency(3 young children), that there is no grogginess or medicine head feeling."
"Ambien is a great sleep aid. I used to take the 10mg dose and did great. I was able to fall asleep fast and stay asleep through the night. There are some side effects to this medication though. For example: The first time I took Ambien I had no side effects. I slept soundly through the night, no problems at all. After a few nights of taking it though I started to wake up in the morning and see that my furniture had been moved around or that my fridge door was open. I could not figure out what had happened until I asked my doctor. Supposedly when taking any hypnotic, it can cause you to sleep walk, or do things in your sleep that when you wake up you have no memory of ever doing. Overall though, it does what it&#039;s supposed to do."
"I started this medicine right after having a hysterectomy, I have been on it for about a 15 months now and I have gained a tremendous amount of weight. I still have real bad hot flashes and mood swing galore."
"I have been taking Cymbalta for over 3 weeks now. I have to say it has helped with my depression. I have been suffering with depression for 2 years now and decided to get help. I am starting to feel like myself again except for some minor side effects. Constipation, nausea and headaches. Hopefully these side effects will disappear in time."
"I develop severe legs cramps at night for some reason and found that Qualaquin works for me.  Also, I have COPD- bronchial asthma and suffer with tightening of the chest muscles, not sure why.  When I take Qualaquin, I have noticed the chest muscle relaxes, and I can breathe without the constant coughing. It gives me some time to physically recuperate for a couple of hours. Life saver!"
"Panic attacks literally make you face your own death in the face. Until using Klonopin, I spent a lot of time and money in the ER. I have taken Xanax and Ativan in the past, but nothing has helped me s much as Klonopin. The wafers are great, because they melt in your mouth and get into your system quickly. For me, they usually start having a positive, calming effect within 20 to 30 minutes."
"I had great hopes for this relatively new sleep med. 10 mgs is useless and when you finally do fall asleep the dreams are borderline hallucinogenic. Incredibly real life non stop dreaming that makes you awaken cause they are so strange!! I adjusted to 20 mgs as prev read and then I slept better and the dreams weren&#039;t as crazy but still present. In my opinion, ambien 12.5 cr is still king. I will be going back to it when this rx runs its course. My main disappoint with this new med is frequent awakenings, longer time to fall asleep, and crazy dreams!"
"My discs are degenerative, and I had a back surgery 20 years ago that failed. At the time,
I was given 2 T-4&#039;s every 4 hours. That made working almost tolerable. Long story short,
2 surgeries later and I am prescribed a T-4 every 6 hours. I am in chronic pain and will
be (most likely) and have no life due to it. Since the DEA now prescribes for me, I guess
I will just have to shrivel up and die. Having raised a teenaged son, Norco&#039;s were quite
popular 9 years ago and that&#039;s what has contributed to this travesty. I do not deny
there are drug seekers, however, I am on disability at 56 because I cannot get enough
relief to be a dependable worker anymore and it is, quite literally, killing me slowly. "
"I recently had the paragard IUD and I got it inserted at the age of 16. I&#039;m currently 18 and had it taken out a week ago and got the Skyla inserted and I&#039;m 18 now. The paragard was terrible for me because the copper wasn&#039;t good for my uterus and my uterus was pushing the paragard out. I was having bad cramps on and off my periods with the paragard too. When I got the Skyla, I had brief spotted and cramps for 1 day. Also, I never had a child either but I&#039;m in college, and in a relationship with my boyfriend for 2 years now so I though that was the best option for me. So far I having good positive affects and hope it continues."
"Hi - I am reviewing the drug Saphris. 
I&#039;ve been depressed and have a sugar addiction all of my life am now 60. 
First I was diagnosed with Dysththmic Disorder, then PTSD, Major Recurrent Depression, Anxiety, BiPolar 2. 
I currently take Wellbutrin, Cymbalta, and half mg Klonipin for sleep at bedtime. I have a binge eating disorder. 
Currently I&#039;ve been in a long episode of depression and anxiety. I have anger and rage issues - After WLS - weight loss surgery in 2013 the anger and rage came forward - this is very distressing for me. I rarely have a rage incident but since the WLS I feel on edge, irritable most of the time and lash out easily. I&#039;ve heard wonderful things about Saphris and wonder if it might help me."
"I am 57 and have tried all the popular ED meds, having low T makes getting and keeping and erection a problem but I personally like Levitra 20 mg, can get rock hard within 20 or 30 minutes of taking it and its good for several hours afterwards, had 3 orgasms within an 6-7 hour time frame which is about what I could do at age 20, so impressive. Mild headache, flushing and nausea but not bad. Viagra gave me similar results but not as effective for a long as the Levitra. Cialis is a no go for me. Bad leg cramps."
"I got on Aviane after 4 years off the pill and I have no complaints. No weight gain, good sex drive. I&#039;m all about it!"
"I started using this birth control about 7 months ago. Since I&#039;ve been on it I have noticed my zero sex drive and constant break outs. I have had abdominal cramping and crazy mood swings, depression. I&#039;m always tired but can never sleep. I realized it was all just side effects listed on the Nuvaring website. Thank goodness my husband is patient with me. Wouldn&#039;t recommend it. Have stopped using it and am feeling and looking much better."
"So I began  having symptoms of an off smell but not full on BV. I could tell something wasn&#039;t right.  I told my doctor and he prescribed me metronidazole pills instead of the gel and told me the pills work better than the gel.  I have used the gel before and it seemed to work OK really didn&#039;t like the discharge that came with it.  My doctor prescribed me three pills a day 250 mg for 10 days. The only thing about this pill and I&#039;m sure most will agree is the taste that is the worst however I wrapped it up in cheese, the cheese you get from the single squares, enough to fully cover the pill and I take it don&#039;t taste it at all. The  taste is the worst part not drinking is the second. Dark urine and occasional nausea but glad BV is gone"
"Was on the 5mcg and increased to 10. Had the usual nausea and lost about ten pounds. A1c leveled out in the high 6&#039;s to low 7&#039;s.  Got ugly last fall/winter and dropped another 35 lbs.  BMI is now normal with 65 lbs lost from an initial 235lb start.  Have been having a problem with low (50&#039;5 and 60&#039;s) sugars within 2 hrs of injection/eating. This started 3 months after the latest weight loss.  I was forced to sugar load with glucose and fruits to counteract the Byetta and stopped it last week (just too dangerous.  I am going to ask to be put on the time release and then adjust the Glucophage to try to get a stable dial in.  Testing like a mad dog my fingers are a mess.  If the time release doesn&#039;t cut it I will try going back to 5mcg."
"It was recommended by my doctor that I try Nuvigil because I have a tendency to become sleepy while driving, either short or long distances.  I was concerned that the drug may be habit forming but he reassured me that I would not have a problem with it. This medicine appears to be working well with no noticeable side effects thus far, 2  weeks."
"45 year old female with diagnosis of Chronic Constipation due to long term use of Med&#039;s, to include opioids for pain management. Also, diagnosed of Irritable bowel syndrome, around 8 years ago. When I&#039;m taking this medicine, usually 2-3 times per day, I&#039;m regular with a bowel movement of one to two times a day, depending on my diet and food intake (I eat very little on most days). Whenever I&#039;m not taking this medication, I&#039;m lucky if I&#039;m able to go once over a 3-4 day time frame, even with laxatives, stool softeners, and my daily dose of lactulose syrup. I took Zelnorm about #8 years ago, until it went off the market, but Amitiza works much better, I asked my doctor to prescribe it after seeing a commercial for it, I&#039;ve done well with it, only side-effect: flatulence. "
"Im on the Evra patch and silly me made the mistake of forgetting it for 1-2 days of the start of my first cycle and i had also forgotten about that the weekend i was with my boyfriend so i was unprotected 27/8 Saturday. Went Doc gave me Elleone on the 29/8 Monday so 2 days after i was with the boyfriend. I was nervous about taking it after reading some reviews. So here is mine. The day i took it i was little moody, very mild tummy upset but noting to really complain about. i had 2 weeks to wait till i got my period which always comes on time it is now the 16/9 and it was only a few hours late but my period came and on the day its meant to! I have cramps but nothing new there! Relax ladies the pill works."
"I came to this site to see if I was only person who had some minor issues with this medication. I started Opana ER 10mg 4 days ago. I was to start it 9 days ago but my insurance initially wasn&#039;t going to cover the cost. My doctor filled out some forms and I am preapproved for a year. I find that the medicine is great for my pain but it does not last 12 hours, I have found that at 8 to 9 hours later I need another one. If prescribed 3&#039;s daily it would be a perfect medication and who knows maybe I wouldn&#039;t need my breakthrough medicine."
"I&#039;ve had this in for a few months and I love it.  It&#039;s made my migraines less severe, my periods are much lighter; but occasionally longer.  It&#039;s effectively eliminated my bloating, cramping, mood swings, and I have far less blood sugar drops.  I feel like I&#039;m able to pay attention better and I can stop struggling to get through my cycles."
"I wanted to try something different that worked quicker and also on a full stomach. I was out one night and had eaten before taken Viagra and it took over 2 hours before it kicked in. By then my girl was fast asleep (I did wake her up). My Dr. gave me a sample of Staxyn and I tried it not long after this episode. It worked for me in about 15 mins. I was fully erect and was good even in the morning. Same side effects, could get headache or stuffy nose. I love this medication, works quick and don&#039;t have to worry if I have eaten, unlike Viagra."
"My daughter has had this for a little over a month. She has become someone I don&#039;t recognize.....moody, irritable,afraid to leave the house, and most important, afraid to drive because she&#039;s afraid of harming herself. 

She experienced mild depression prior to insertion. I believe the implant has exacerbated (magnified) it greatly. It may work great for someone... However, if u have slight depression, please be forewarned. 

My daughter has also had;
Acne
Weight gain
Decreased libido
Mood swings
Terrible irritability 
2 weeks of active vaginal bleeding 

We r having it removed in 4 days."
"It is the best medicine for headaches caused by TMJ and degenerative disc diease. I usually never have to take the secound dose. I did at first but now I don&#039;t. Don&#039;t take it everyday only as needed. Works good for leg aches also."
"I have been on the medication for a month now and today I go Dr. To see my weight loss.I sometimes forget I have not eaten so I make myself eat and drink plenty of water sometimes I&#039;m eating 1 time per day. Also I noticed because I love fried chicken I would only eat it once a week but I can no longer eat the chicken  - it makes me sick. This pill has helped me in so many ways. I&#039;m thankful to God and the Doctor. I need to loose this weight for health issue and I&#039;m going to be a grandma so I need to be here. I will let you all know how much I lost."
"Have been depressed and anxious my whole life (now 44) and was undiagnosed. Was on Paroxetine for 10 years: life continued to turn to crap, wife left me, etc. Psychiatrist listened to symptoms and put me on 3 x 15mg Nardil. Still have suicidal thoughts and trouble with sexual function but it is definitely the medicine for me. Will stay on it for life if possible: at least I am still alive and food restrictions aren&#039;t that bad."
"I took this medication for 5 months. I started off the first couple months with lots of nausea and my breasts were constantly sore. I decided to wait it out, but today had to call my doctor to get it switched. While on this medication, my breasts were constantly tender and very painful. I also felt nauseous a lot and on the first day of my last period I had to miss school because of it. My PMS symptoms seemed worse. It did work to prevent pregnancy, because my sex drive is non-existent. I also experienced dryness l, which I have never had a problem with. Other than the breast soreness and nausea, I didn&#039;t gain any weight or have any other issues."
"Ive struggled with headaches for as long as I can remember and nothing worked for me. When I found excedrin, I was hooked to the fact that it was the best. I&#039;ve never use anything else since. I have introduced everyone I know to it and they always come to me, because they know I always got a bottle of excedrin with me. I just wanted to say Thank You. Your product has made headaches to me just a pain that soon go away when I take my excedrin."
"Im a 58 year old male. Ive had depression problems for most of my life. I have a normal home life and am a fairly normal person. Ive had doctors give me probably 100s of different meds to combat depression. I have educated myself on how to deal with the symtoms . Every doctor i have seen for this always told me that i just need to find the right medication and they were right. Its taken years but amitriptiline has changed my life. Im amazed the difference it has made. My thinking is clear and my mood stable. I believe if i had this medication early in my life many things would be different . finding the right med is everything.. Good luck."
"Started seeing a  new doctor who took my off the metoprolol and amlodopine that I had been on for 5 years with blood pressure readings of 125-132/68-78; and started me on exforge. Blood pressure was not controlled on the medication with readings of 170-180/90, so she added maxzide daily. I started having muscle spasms with the maxzide; so her answer to that was for me to take half of the maxzide and she ordered potassium which I  had so many side effects from . She seemed reluctant to put me back on the original medications until she sees me in the office. She had no problem ordering the maxzide and potassium on the phone without seeing my in the office; so when I seen my cardiologist he took care of that problem and put me back on my original med"
"THIS IS A SERIOUS AND DANGEROUS DRUG. I hope this makes it to someone who will reevaluate their choice to take this medication. Yake anything, adderall,caffeine,ephedrine, but ANYTHING is better than this. Naltrexone is used to help herion addicts stop using heroin, (I think its great if needed for that I have many people in my family who suffer with addiction) however PLEASE don&#039;t take this unless you have a serious issue and are at deaths doorto save your life. Doctors don&#039;t know about the effects but they get monitary kickbacks to prescribe it, naltrexone is one of the most addictive subatances and I garauntee if you start this and your doctor lets you run out (if he&#039;s on a vacation, or can&#039;t see you fo ran appt) you will wish you never started"
"I am on my second week of Victoza. I have had only headache and neck pain but I increased my water intake and I am hoping this will help. I have lost 2.5 lbs. I have been eating properly and exercising for about 3 months now along with weight watchers. It is my hope to get off all meds. Weight loss will help this I am sure! My sugar readings have gone form 180-350 to 59-180...59 being the first day. I have decreased my Lantus from 42 units to 15 units. I am hoping that less insulin means better results at the scale. "
"This was a god send for me as I&#039;ve tried others and nothing helped, I am currently on max dosage 120mg a day but I&#039;m still alive and that&#039;s the main thing, it doesn&#039;t at all help with my fibro I don&#039;t think but anxiety has near enough gone and depression very copable , obviously I get bad days still its not a permanent everyday fix, but be WARNED, you may gain a lot of weight over 3 + years I&#039;ve taken this and its basically stopped my metabolism, I exercise and hardly eat bad stuff but I have gained over 5 stone, so to be honest, I&#039;m thinking of stopping it for this reason only, other than that for my depression and anxiety etc its been amazing"
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz for just about a month. I&#039;ve noticed some improvement in my acne. I started Yaz just for birth control and because I had having a lot of anxiety and my doctor thought it may help along with my anxiety meds. I haven&#039;t noticed a difference with taking Yaz yet, but it&#039;s only been a month and I don&#039;t exactly have PMDD. So I will keep taking and see what happens over the next few months. The very first pill I took gave me nausea but that was it."
"I have been on Revlimid for about 2 years and the result is my cancer has been at a low level and controlled.  I have no side effects that I am aware of. I do however think this medicine is terribly expensive."
"I have had bad experiences, in terms of mood swings and depression, with many different birth control pills but I am enjoying the ring. I have some gas but besides that the side effects have been minimal."
"I have suffered with constipation for most of my life. Nothing helped until Linzess became available. I have a daily bowel motion and feel really good. Only side effect is a little gassiness."
"The oxymetazoline is the same for across all brands, but I used to find the Afrin pump superior: it fit my hand, and it was just the right size. Now the six bottles I just got in the mail have redesigned pumps and I HATE the new design. I can no longer take it apart to clean, and these suckers get stuff IN them all the time which I prefer not to ingest. Disgusting, and no longer a reason to buy Afrin at its inflated price."
"After a 24 hour blood pressure test, it turns out I have mild hypertension. Was afraid to take but started taking 2.5mg before bed. I can&#039;t get over how amazing I feel now! I had no idea a small rise in blood pressure can make a person feel so bad. I practically leap out of bed in the morning. I have so much energy now.  I did have some swelling in my ankles before but it is completely gone! I read this was good for migraines. I don&#039;t get them that often and hope this medicine prevents them too."
"I&#039;m 57 &amp; enjoy an active sex life with my wife.  In the last few months erections were not as strong &amp; I had not been able to maintain it a couple of times.    During my physical I talked to my PA about my problem staying hard &amp; she said I wasn&#039;t that old &amp; should still be enjoying sex &amp; suggested I try Viagra.  I take a half pill (50mg) &amp; other than a flushed feeling (let&#039;s me know it&#039;s working) I have no side effects.  With the extra blood flow I&#039;m as hard as I can remember &amp; my wife says she can tell I&#039;m longer &amp; thicker so  I can relax and not stress over it"
"I recently had been on Cymbalta and it didn&#039;t help me at all. The Savella has really made a difference and I&#039;ve only been on it for 3 weeks. Loving it, glad I stuck with it and worked my way through the side effects. I haven&#039;t felt this good in years."
"Lamotrigine has been very effective for my Bipolar. Coming off Lamotrigine is very hard but I found the supplement &#039;milk thistle&#039; very helpful and only managed to come off it completely with its help.  I am back on the lamotrigine now as I my moods became extreme again without it."
"I tore my adductor muscles from slipping on some mats in a martial arts class 6 years ago. I&#039;ve had two sports hernia operations which helped but I have some permanent nerve damage in my thighs. I get burning and shocks in my thighs. I have been taking 1-2 norco as needed for several years and they work great. I know they are highly addictive but no other pain killer allows me to work, have fun with family and friends, and continue to train in my martial arts. I sometimes go 3-5 days without any and rarely take more than 2 a day. If you have chronic pain or permanent nerve damage these can give you your life back."
"Started taking this medication about two years ago and it has changed my life. Before the montelukast I would use my rescue inhaler(proair) about five times a day even more sometimes. I had that annoying cough that just wouldn&#039;t go away, super whizzy, tightness in chest, could barely walk like two flights of stairs without being winded and starting to wheeze it was horrible. I finally started taking the montelukast seriously saved me. I take it everyday. I can finally breathe no annoying cough, no waking up trying to catch my breath, I can finally go for a run and not die and even laugh all I want without reAching for my rescue inhaler! I feel so much better!"
"I have been suffering from anxiety for at least 15 years on and off due to being in a high pressure corporate role, coming to terms with my sexuality and 4 hectic years due to several life changes both personally and professionally. I decided 2 years ago enough was enough and tried Effexor for 12 months for my anxiety, it worked but I was in a haze all the time and it was horrendous to get off that stuff. I then had to go onto Lexapro which was a nightmare to get on and while it did work well and my anxiety stopped I still felt medicated. I then tapered off Lexapro, for 5 months unmedicated and was feeling okay then my anxiety came back worse. I am now on day 3 of Zoloft and I feel better with no bad side effects. Fingers crossed."
"Been on this medicine for over 12 years started on 50 mg now at 200 mg ER. Been on 200mg for over 7 years now works real good I am 36 and it must be hereditary because both my younger sisters were on blood pressure medicines at a early age. My parents take 2 different blood pressure medicines as well. Works good for me when I check it every day."
"Best medicine I ever been put on. Started off with two 0.05mg a day then to five 0.5 a day, and I&#039;m Down to Three 1.0 MG a day and it&#039;s starting to not work as good. So I need to talk to my doctor and up the dose to at least 4 or 5 MG for my really bad anxiety and depression!"
"I was given Valium intravenously for light sedation during a quick medical procedure. It worked very well, but about 30 minutes after the i.v. was removed I became very irritable and depressed and craved more.  It also caused a slight temporary personality change in me that lasted the rest of the day.  "
"My husband is on a &quot;light&quot; dose of Neurontin (Gabepentin) and the medicine really works to relieve his anxiety.  He has Parkinson&#039;s Disease and mild cognitive disorder, as well as Parkinson&#039;s depression.  Neurontin works well on his tremor and his anxiety, but higher doses make him &quot;foggy.&quot;  His dosage is 800mg spread over 12-16 hours, with the option to increase the dose to 1000mg per day, depending on his anxiety level.  He has been on Neurontin for many years and it continues to work well for him."
"I got Nexplanon after being on birth control pills.  The insertion was uncomfortable but only because of the numbing shot, actually putting it in just felt like tugging.  I tried many different pills before this and with all of them I had irregular bleeding, mood swings, low sex drive, etc.  Nexplanon seemed to only make things worse.  I became depressed, had mood swings, I had absolutely no sex drive, headaches, and I gained 15 pounds (Not sure if it was my lifestyle because I am a lifeguard and am always swimming).  I also had bleeding and spotting for 2 and a half months until my doctor gave a birth control pill to control the bleeding, so now I&#039;m just getting a double dose of hormone.  I&#039;m having it removed."
"Experience horrible muscle spasms due to cerebral palsy was on a very high dose of zanaflex for the last eight years topped out on that and my very brave and forward thinking doc put me on soma three times a day. It does wonders coupled with opiate lyrica and an NSAIDS I virtually have little to no spasms and wake up everyday happy instead of suicidal. I don&rsquo;t understand why a perfectly harmless drug is so blacklisted it is not a barbiturate after you take soma it turns into meprobamate these drugs mimic barbiturates but are not true barbiturates like pheno or secobarb so doctors out there remember if ur not doing anything wrong the DEA can&rsquo;t screw with you"
"I was given lyrica 3 years ago for back pain from herniated disk. The pain down my legs at night was horrific. The pain in my legs went but I put on 12kg. I did not eat more in fact I ate less because of my weight gain.  The Dr refused to believe that lyrica was the cause of the gain. Now 2 years later I  have been given lyrica again because no other drugs worked. When will dr listen and learn about side affects."
"WHY is this product still on the market?!!

I have been bleeding for 7 months straight on after taking this horrible drug. My only options to stop the bleeding is to either keep taking the shots for a year, or stop taking the shots and wait months for the bleeding to stop. After 2 shots I decided to stop but I have no idea when the bleeding will finally end. It&#039;s not small spotting, but EXCESSIVE and continuous flow of blood. I guess its rightfully called birth control, because when you&#039;re on it you&#039;ll little to no sex. Pads now cause chafing &amp; tampons are now painful. I wish I could sue this company for making the last 7 months of my life hell! 

DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG! YOU MAY NOT HAVE THE SYMPTOMS, BUT ITS NOT WORTH TRYING IT TO FIND OUT!"
"Relieved my pain in my lower back. These patches really do work great."
"I have taken buspar for 5 months. Prescribed max dose of 15mg 4x/day. It took a couple weeks to actually notice the difference. I don&#039;t feel like a zombie after taking it. I really just came to the realization one day while driving to work, an activity that used to leave me recovering from an anxiety attack, was suddenly a very simple task. My social anxiety, much improved. It&#039;s very subtle, but after sticking with it, I can look back and I see that it changed my life. It does make me sleepy, in a walking around functioning while yawning kind of way and I get a lot of headaches. The good definitely outweighs The bad. I can take a lower dosage on easy days and still have a positive outcome. also take 150mg of Zoloft and 25 mg Wellbutrin"
"This antibiotic cleared up my urinary tract infecton within 24 hours. The morning after I took it I didn&#039;t need to go to the bathroom frequently and had no pain. So that was great. However I am definitely NOT loving the horrible nausea I am experiencing from it, I just feel like I want to vomit. I have never taken an antibiotic in my life before this and I didn&#039;t know it would cause side effects."
"First update on my lileta since my initial post on 8/13/16. Pain has gone away totally. No cramps. Some light red blood from the uterus lining beginning to thin out. Panty liners work well for this. Cons so far- mood swings. They come out of nowhere and I can be fine one second and ready to fight strangers the next. I&#039;ve become more confrontational. Pros- I&#039;ve had sex once since I got the iud, it was fine, normal, no one felt anything. So far so good."
"no medicine could lower my blood pressure from approx.145/ 90.  But prazonsin did it, 125 or less/ 65 or less, is fantastic, side effect like light headed, and a little weak or a little shaky. Note  I only take half tablet in the morning and nite before bed.
Also , when the docter prescribe me prazonsin I was taking  telmisartan, and amlodipino, so I did take  40 mg. telmisartan, and one tablet prazosine, but I make a mistake and  taken  both at the same time,was to much pressure went down   to 73/44 and almost fainted.  I took some salt and cocacola to make this up but the recover was slow about 2 digits per hour, took near 24 hours,to arrive at a normal to 124/68.   So after this I decide to take this but only half in the morning and half at nite  my pressure today,  140/70 pulse 49 rite at wake up, after prazosine, 3 hours later,122/66  pulse 72.
"
"I have been on TriNessa for 3 months. My insurance no longer covers Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo and I&#039;ve been told this is the closest generic to Tri Cyclen Lo. It&#039;s been terrible. I&#039;ve been emotional, sad and irritable. I have highs and lows throughout the day. I&#039;ve had very depressing thoughts. I have cramps the first day of my menstrual cycle for the first time in my life and I&#039;m 32 years old. I spot between periods. I now have acne so I am going to the dermatologist to get a prescription for that.

Everyone says to give it more time. That because I was on Ortho for almost 20 years, it will be an adjustment. They tell me that TriNessa is forgiving and my body will come around. I don&#039;t know what I&#039;ll do..."
"I&#039;ve had my paraguard in for about a month now and I have to say it was the best decision I have made. I was EXTREMELY hesitant about the insertion and the aftermath. The night before my appointment I got no sleep at all due to being so scared...especially after seeing all the negative reviews and horror stories. When the time came, my hands were sweating and shaking, I was petrified. It literally took about 30 seconds and I hardly felt anything. A very mild cramp and it was over. I&#039;ve had period cramps that have been much worse than that. Afterwards I was expecting to be in pain all day and just be fishing blood. Neither happened. No cramping at all and the blood was so mild that it didn&#039;t even fill a panty liner. I highly recommend it!"
"Was put on nucynta 100 mg every six hours for a two week trial  after 60 mg of morphine long term use and tolerance. I have had major hot flashes, headaches, nausea   At first I thought maybe the conversation wasn&#039;t done correctly but this medicine just flat out does not work for me at all. I woke up with night sweats, had to go to the bathroom and couldn&#039;t go. I&#039;d rather go back on the morphine and adjust the dosage up. They can have this drug."
"I was in great pain. This drug helped me immensely."
"I was taking 12 to 20 ROXY 30mg a DAY for 5 or 6  year&#039;s. It all started when I was in a car crash and then a motorcycle wreck. I was taking it for my pain to help me and then when I tried to get of the medicines I didn&#039;t know that it was going to be this HARD. I thought just &#039;&#039;STOP&#039;&#039; and that&#039;s IT but no I was so sick and so on. My friend told me about METHADONE CLINIC and I started to go there and since then I have changed big time and I know what I&#039;m doing and so on Thank&#039;s GOD for methadone."
"Wish I never would&#039;ve taken for it 3 weeks!   Have lost about half my hair!  Not worth it!"
"I could do a commercial for this medication. It has completely turned everything around for me. I have always had anxiety, but it became significantly worse after having children. I feared being alone, ruminating thoughts, insomnia, panic over the insomnia, feeling like the worst mother, feeling like I couldn&#039;t care for myself or my children. I fought taking medication for so long. I finally gave in. I started with 25 mg and moved up to 50 mg. I began to feel better in a week, and I felt the full effects by 4 weeks. It has given me my life back. I&#039;m happy. I&#039;m not stressed. I feel normal again!"
"Do yourself a favor and skip down to Time2gonow - 4/27/2015 post.  He/She nailed it for me.  I read all of the negative reviews until I got to that one.  The day of my prep I cut it out and pasted to my desktop.  Read it 3 or 4 times before starting.  Set a timer and drank the Suprep mix within 15 minutes, and the rest of the water within 30 minutes.  I was going before the hour was up and was done in about 90 minutes.  Got a good night&#039;s sleep before the next dose in the morning.  

Don&#039;t cheat on the liquid diet.  I had broth for &quot;meals&quot;, and jello when I felt hungry and needed to &quot;eat&quot; something.  Otherwise sipped Gatorade all through the day and the entire process.  Thanks Time2gonow for your post!"
"I got the implant July 2016, right as my husband and I were getting married. Since the day I got it put in, I have been on my period. Some days it is light spotting, other days it is super heavy, but there is always something. I also have no sex drive whatsoever, have been super emotional, and have become depressive at work, not caring enough to do what I need to do. I&#039;m constantly tired and sleep on the couch more than I do anything else."
"I&#039;ve been on Minastrin for maybe less than a year and for my body it works great! I had no nausea, less cramping and bleeding and cleared my acne up. However, I did gain about 10 lbs and lots of bloating. Overall, it worked great. My periods were much lighter and lasted about 2-3 days, plus I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. Unfortunately my insurance company does not cover it so I&#039;ve been paying around 80$ per month. Keep in mind everyones body reacts to birth control differently so do not get overwhelmed with the negative reviews!"
"I was writing this wonderful, very wordy review on this when I discovered that I have a word limit. Dang. In a nutshell: I&#039;ve never had so many problems with a bc. Significant weight gain, headaches, nausea, fatigue/insomnia, no periods for months and then weeks of bleeding. The worst is the change in my mood. DEPRESSION. I couldn&#039;t no longer trust my instincts. Everyone noticed a change in my attitude. It may be a convenience to just pop a rod in your arm, but it is NOT WORTH IT. I am telling you, stay away. I cannot wait to have mine removed."
"I&#039;m on week three of the patch and I can&#039;t wait for it to be over. This is the second time this year I&#039;ve used the patch and I remember the same same side effects as before. Headache during most of the first week coupled with constant nausea. The only thing that seems to make the nausea subside is eating! Needless to say I&#039;ve noticed some weight gain!!!!!!
I suppose you&#039;ve got to try these things.... In theory it&#039;s a great idea, unfortunately it doesn&#039;t work for me."
"Been taking Letaris for three months also. I had some improvement in my shortness of breath. Very little side effects. Taking 10mg daily also on Coumadin due to blood clots. I feel it has helped me a lot in these few months. I hope it can get me back to my old self again (at least back to 90%) no other heath issues that they found just Pulmonary hypertension from blood clots but I am taking A liver function test once a month so far so good but I still worry."
"I had a Duodenal Switch (a major weight loss surgery combining the vertical sleeve with rearranging one&#039;s intestines to minimize fat absorption) 9 yrs ago.  Since then I&#039;ve had probs with gas and a stomach ulcer, both caused by H Pylori.  I&#039;ve taken Flagyl twice.  I am now on Day 5 of this round, &amp; I don&#039;t experience most of the side effects I see described.  (250 mg 3X per day) While the pill doesn&#039;t &quot;taste&quot; great, there are other meds that also don&#039;t, and I find this no more severe than those.  I don&#039;t  have a lingering bad taste.  I&#039;ve had no diarrhea and have had more regular bowel movements.  I&#039;ve had almost no gas.  My pain is gone.  I don&#039;t feel sick.  I am grateful for this drug!"
"I wanted to comment on this drug.  My wife and I were prescribed it some time ago, at the 50 mg dosage.  We didn&#039;t like it, it was too strong.

Recently, we found that cutting the 50 mg tablet in 6 parts, so about 10 mg each, works very well.  

I believe many don&#039;t like it because 50 mg is too much, and they would perhaps like it if they took 10 mg."
"About two years ago, I stayed home sick with what I thought was the flu. After about a week of misery and no relief I went to the doctor. He told me that all the awful, flu-like symptoms were actually my hay fever acting up and because I had waited too long to come in I now had nasal polyps. Many members of my extended family has had them and treated them with Nasonex or even surgery (my aunt can&#039;t taste or smell now). Since then, I&#039;ve used Nasonex nearly every night. There&#039;s a very obvious difference between nights I take it and nights that I forget - I tend to wake up with throat congestion and a runny nose. Only once have I actually had a full-on nosebleed."
"My experience has been great so far. I have been taking this pill over 8 years now. I did experience weight gain which was a good thing. I do experience bloating before and during my period, my period tends to last for 3-4 days. I have missed a couple here and there and have not gotten pregnant thank God. I recommend this pill to anyone who is searching for a pill to try."
"I have been on sertraline for about 2 months now. My doctor prescribed them 4 months ago but I was very reluctant to take them as I had read that the side effects could be pretty awful. For the first week I didn&#039;t feel great at all, mainly restlessness and slightly heightened anxiety but after the week they fully wore off I found it took about 5-6 weeks until I really noticed a change in my mood but I definitely feel loads better than I did before I started sertraline. I was prescribed 50mg to start off with and yesterday got prescribed 100mg as I still don&#039;t feel completely myself yet, but I do feel a million times better. I haven&#039;t taken 100mg yet as I am scared I get worsened side effects but I am going to try them tonight."
"Restasis - not the greatest. Seems to cause light sensitivity and filminess to where it can be like trying to see thru very light smoke or fog. I have not been impressed.
Theratears or something else seems to provide better relief.
 I think it would be worth investigating to see if Restasis is less effective on people over 60, or who have had ocular implants.
The actual price of the stuff  seems a real gouge. Fortunately, insurance pays the most of it."
"This medicine really helped my cough, but it made me itchy and I got hives on my elbows and knees.  It also made me very tired the next day, but tiredness alone wouldn&#039;t stop me from taking it again.  It did wonders for my cough."
"Have taken Ultram for 9 years for fibromyalgia.  The ONLY thing that helped and it helped very well.  No high, buzz, euphoria, etc., just sweet pain relief.  "
"I was worried from all the horror stories but I had the Implanon inserted and have never had a period since. No side effects, no weight gain, no headaches and no bleeding of any kind. It is the best thing I have ever done and I would never ever go back to the pill! I had the Implanon removed last week and it took no more than 10 minutes, was mildly uncomfortable and has not left a scar."
"I successfully took Ambien not every night. And it was great.
However, Ambien CR has caused vivid dreams, memory loss, sleep driving. I stopped using CR when I had a sleep driving event and no memory of the event. Will have to battle my sleep problem without it."
"Before taking Pristiq I had never taken any anti-depressants and did not want to. However, I knew something was seriously wrong with me because I had lost interest in all the activities that I had once loved. I wanted to sleep all the time and I felt so disconnected from everyone and everything around me. Being a mother of two wonderful children and the wife of a great husband I felt like a complete failure because, in my own way of thinking, I had no reason to feel like this or be depressed. After seeking help from my doctor I started taking Pristiq and noticed a change in the course of one week. I had some slight nausea at first, but the overall change it has made in my life has been great! I now enjoy and look forward to every day."
"I love the Nuvaring! It is the the best birth control I have ever used so far. I dont have any side effects and I can&#039;t even feel it."
"I&#039;m a 20 year old college student and have been taking Vyvanse for about 6 months now.  Honestly, I love this medication, as it has helped me in almost every aspect of life.  My grades as well as my confidence in social situations are better than ever.  The only slightly annoying side effect that hasn&#039;t gone away is that I find my mouth sometimes getting extremely dry.  Sometimes I&#039;ll notice that my breath smells funny as a result, and I find myself going through a lot of gum and breath mints, and even brushing my teeth randomly throughout the day. Overall though, Vyvanse has been a miracle for me."
"I suffered from post traumatic stress disorder since I was very young. When I first received therapy at 28 I tried several anti-depression medicines with little success. I also went on and off meds, which I learned much later wasn&#039;t the correct thing to do. At 46 I found a Psychiatrist who helped me understanding my condition and prescribed Celexa. I&#039;ve been on Celexa 10mg since 2007 and know I must stay on depression medication for life. My moods are bright, I don&#039;t get &quot;stuck&quot; for long periods, no suicide thoughts, and haven&#039;t had any big panic attacks for years. I&#039;m very sensitive to many medicines and Celexa has been very good in treating my depression with anxiety, with little to no side effects. A little dry mouth and tiredness on occasion is all."
"I&#039;m ready to feel better, although I&#039;m still skeptical. I have read good reviews so I hope that same outcome for me."
"I&#039;m a 18 year old college freshman and started taking Vyvanse 10 months ago when I had finally gotten medicated for my severe ADD.  It has significantly changed my life for the better. For as long as I can remember, my teachers always told my parents that I was very bright but I just would not &quot;apply&quot; myself but after taking Vyvanse my grades have skyrocketed. I can finally pay attention in class and actually absorb the information. I feel energized, motivated, and more organized to do things.  My days will be filled with productivity and I feel like it boosts my mood in general. My side effects include a slight anxiety because I feel like I should ALWAYS be doing something productive so sometimes its hard for me to relax."
"I had been experiencing post partum anxiety and severe insomnia for a few weeks.
After having tried almost every natural alternative out there, I was becoming increasingly desperate.
Reading of the experiences of other mums in my situation and what worked for them, I decided to mention this medication to my new doctor and thankfully, he agreed to give it a try (SSRIs had never worked for me in the past and had made my anxiety 10X worse).
The 15mgs I take nightly have been a godsend. Despite the slight wooziness after the initial dose, I now sleep so well &amp; can throughly enjoy my waking life with my baby again!
Highly recommended to other mums with these same symptoms."
"I took gabapentin for 1 month. My Dr started me at 100mgX2 @ bedtime. I slept great but had excess daytime sleepiness. The first week I felt really calm but had no pain relief. The next week, my mood began to go downhill &amp; still no pain relief. Week 3, my mood became depressed, I began having increased anxiety, increased blood pressure to the point of pre-hypertension, hot flashes, memory problems, &amp; feeling disoriented, still with no pain relief. Week 4 I got hit hard with a flare. I couldn&#039;t tell the difference between whether things had happened yesterday or last week, I was getting unusually angry, &amp; I started having horrid back to back panic attacks. I discontinued without tapering down &amp; interestingly, my flare reduced in intensity."
"I was given Reglan in an ER when I couldn&#039;t stop vomiting when I had a migraine. It helped to stop my vomiting, but I reacted horribly. It made me uncontrollably agitated and nervous. I couldn&#039;t stop moving, I couldn&#039;t think clearly, and I couldn&#039;t relax until I was given a sedative. I now claim that I am allergic to the drug due to the way my body reacted to it."
"I agree with the other reviewer that this drug has minimal side effects.  However, my 7 yr old son has a significant rash, which Doctors suspect may be from the Intuniv.  The rash is not itchy, just unattractive and widespread. We have been using the Intuniv for 2 1/2 weeks, but may have to stop due to the rash.
Here&#039;s the results we&#039;ve seen on this medication:  better moods, less aggression, only minimal improvement with attentional/focus issues, and slight improvement in impulsivity.  Sleepiness has NOT been an issue, even though I had read many reviews and the label that said it might be.  My son has taken every ADHD drug out there except two (literally) and this one is very gentle on the body in comparison (except for the rash)."
"I got the implanon about a year and a half ago when the PA at planned parenthood recommended it. I got the implant in February and finished my last period in May. I haven&#039;t had any spotting. I did notice getting more acne and irritability for about two or so months after it was implanted but now my mood had evened off and my skin is back to what it was before the implant. So far I don&#039;t have any complaints, I&#039;m actually quite surprised to read all of these negative reviews."
"This product worked for me, and it does last the full 12 hours. It cleared my congestion almost immediately, but there were some temporary side effects. For about the first hour after I used it, the inside of my nose was irritated. I also got thirsty after I used it but was fine after I drank some water. Overall it works great."
"I&#039;ve been taking Levora for 2 months now. The first few weeks were AWFUL...I was an emotional wreck with severe mood swings. Also, would feel very nauseous the majority of the time, especially immediately after taking the pill. Had bad breast tenderness but within a few weeks this subsided. Only had a few days of irregular spotting but this soon subsided as well. On the second pack, I really had hardly any problems with this birth control. However, I am planning on switching pills because the one MAJOR problem I have with this pill, which is a serious deal breaker for me, is that ever since starting the pill I have experienced TERRIBLE acne...large, painful, under the skin pimples and also many tiny pimples on my forehead. Hope this helps!"
"I take Provigil about 5 times a week. I have been on it since 12/06. I have to take &quot;vacations&quot; from it in order for it to work like it should. When I start it again, I get massive headaches but is worth it for the energy. My MS fatigue is so bad most of the time that I really need this medication. I do get headaches, nervousness, anxiety, and stomach issues while taking this pill. But all I do without taking it, is sleep."
"I starting taking phentermine on the 3rd of December. I started out taking just half the pill for a week, then after a week took the whole pill. I did have dry mouth. My side effects have been mild. I have also been on a low carb diet. It is December 23 and I&#039;m happy to say I have loss 15 pounds."
"One day, while I was waiting for the train to take me home from gym, I started to feel my upper torso muscles progressively stiff.
A few seconds after the train closed its doors, it became much more intense and I started to panic. My heart started to beat very fast for short periods of time and I could not breath properly. Also, my arms and face felt funny, I really thought I was going to have a heart attack and die in there.
Thankfully, I made it home and I went to the city hospital in the afternoon. I had my heart checked with very positive results, and my doctor prescribed me these 1 mg pills. They&#039;ve helped me abort a few panic attacks in the last weeks even taking half a pill, with no noticeable side effects"
"Everything was okay but after a few weeks I noticed the following: My blood pressure yesterday 183/90, Weird feelings in my eyes almost like electrical shocks, blurred vision, diarrhea, I gained 6 pounds in a couple days."
"I am 68 and have had asthma for about 15 years.  For a while I was hospitalized about once a year with a respiratory infection. Thanks to my Ddoctor we have headed off many infections over the years with a short treatment program of Iophen-C NR to get rid of the congestion.  It has worked well for me.  I also take anti-convulsants (since I was 15) and suffer no side effects with the syrup.  I put the bottle on the counter with a slip of paper to monitor the dosage. It has been a blessing for me."
"Has always worked for me. Zero sexual side effects. "
"It really relieves my anxiety."
"I found this medication does not work at all"
"I have been taking Ambien for several years, and recently started taking Ambien CR.  It works very well, if taken on an empty stomach.  However, I was having only mild sleep difficulty when my doctor prescribed it.  I have tried other sleep medicines, Ambien is one of the strongest prescription insomnia drugs available.  I highly recommend trying something with less side effects first, and only if absolutely necessary, try Ambien.  Ambien is very difficult to discontinue after extended use."
"My bra size definitely got higher, and my sex drive hasn&#039;t changed at all. I haven&#039;t noticed that I have gained weight, but I am always hungry and have a lot of cravings, period is regular and its nice to know when the time comes. I think Apri is good and I would not change it for another brand."
"I&#039;ve been perscribed suboxone in the past &amp; it always worked. Although I wasn&#039;t too happy when I started to feel physically reliant( &amp; bc I was not forwarned by anyone). My new doctor wrote me a script for zubsolv. My sub dosage was 16mg daily (2 8mg strips). The first day on zubs was horrible I was in full withdrawal with no effect I even took double what was perscribed bc I thought it might be that &amp; it was low to begin with ( just 2 5.7mg tabs per day) &amp; with no prevail. I suffered for 3 straight days it did not work at all. Finally on day 3 I felt some relief but I&#039;m sure it&#039;s just because I was through the worst of my detox. I would not recommend this to anyone for the sole reason it&#039;s not worth the risk. It could make you relapse."
"My doctor prescribed me this medication for Generalized Anxiety Disorder as it was crippling and ruining my life. I was reluctant to try it because I&#039;ve heard so many horror stories about the side effects but I figured I&#039;d give it a shot. First week or so was a little rough. Lots of nausea and brain fog but I was determined to give it at least a month. Once my body adjusted my symptoms slowly started to disappear. Today I feel like a different person. I feel free from my obsessive worries and panic that had plagued me all my life. This truly is a wonder drug if you&#039;re lucky enough that it works for you!"
"I got Implanon in July of 2009. A week later, I started my period which was far heavier than I normally get. I bled for the next month, but after that? Nothing! That is a blessing seeing as I have endometriosis and my periods were /extremely/ painful. I have a bit more acne than before and I think I&#039;ve gained a little weight, but all-in-all... I&#039;m thankful. I&#039;m pretty happy with it."
"Like Most women today, irregular periods are a headache ..... so I talked to my doctor about birth control options and we decided to try Teva aka Seasonique.... worst decisions I have made regarding medication. First 2-3 days on the pill were normal after that, it was absolute hell. Spotting consistently, very moody- ready to take my boyfriends head off for no reason, migraines that make it hard to function and fatigue from another world ! I stopped this birth control 2 days ago all the symptoms aside from the spotting are gone. I would not recommend this birth control to my worst enemy. Please discuss other birth control options with your doctor and read other reviews! Always important to listen to your body, do not ignore it!"
"After reading all these reviews I almost cancelled my appointment! I didn&#039;t have my usual gyno (got stuck with a random &quot;anti birth control ob&quot; who was insulting, maybe hitting on me, and at same time really nice. I was fine with it; it was just so weird I can&#039;t even wrap my head around it) BUT, he did a good job during the procedure and thats what mattered. I was prepared for the pain and he told me what to expect, had me breathe deeply and man it hurt, but I have had worse. It was very quick which I liked. I&#039;m cramping a bit now, bleeding steadily. Taking it easy. I&#039;m a bit worried about the copper threads. I reached down and I&#039;m pretty sure I felt them without really reaching in. We shall see. I hope it doesn&#039;t just fall out on me :("
"I started againTopomax about 1&amp; 1/2 week ago for migraines and I am down about 8 lbs. I am overweight due to the fact that I just had my last child and I did eat what I wanted to. I did work out before, during, and now after my pregnancy. Topomax has reduced my cravings I absolutely love sweets &amp; southern foods(I&#039;m from the South:) I did occasionally soda but I did regularly drink Izzy a healthy carbonated drink but Topomax makes all carbonated drinks tastes horrible which is great if you have issues drinking soda all the time."
"With all of the advances in technology and research on medicines, I would hope someone comes up with an better solution / protocol.  This solution was horrible, and was the worst part about the whole situation of prep for a colonoscopy."
"I took Cymbalta for 4 days for anxiety, panic attacks and mild depression. I read many reviews and wondered whether I should stick with it despite the side effects, but in the end I just couldn&#039;t. 

I&#039;ve been on Lexapro and Effexor before and I was expecting the same type of side effects: dry mouth, nausea, headaches. But this was a lot worse. 

I was sleeping ok before, and started having insomnia from Cymbalta. My heart was also racing, which for a panic attack sufferer, is the worst thing that can happen. I almost stopped eating, no appetite at all. I also started feeling really low, super anxious and depressed, and could only go through the day with the use of alprazolam. In the end I spoke to my doctor and I will now start on Pristiq"
"I am diagnosed with PTSD - two usual traits that come with PTSD are depression and anxiety. Due to the anti depressant I&#039;m taking (zoloft 50mg) , I experienced a slight but uncomfortable raise in blood pressure which contributed to my anxiety. I saw my general doctor and qualified for atenolol 25mg. It has worked miraculously with no side effects. What I like about atenolol is that it is not digested by the same liver enzymes which digest zoloft - so there is no risk of atenolol levels competing with zoloft for bonding sites . I feel a lot calmer , and don&#039;t experience as much agitation and irritability as I used to. 

Performers, over coming stage fright is part of the challenge. stop cheating ."
"I recieved my second injection of Euflexxa today. After the first one no relief the doctor said alot of people don&#039;t feel relief after the first one but after the second maybe. He said that a month after the third injection if no relief then it did not take. The medication has a 50-50 chance. If this doesn&#039;t take then I am looking at a knee replacement. So we will see."
"I too have MS and have been taking this drug since it came out - about 6 years. Because Provigil is not an amphetamine it doesn&#039;t make you &quot;high&quot;, you just feel like you have energy.  Provigil does not interfere with your normal sleeping pattern, if you take it in the morning.  I feel like my old self when I take it.  I also know now when I do not take it (I&#039;m on 200mg). I can feel the difference, what I thought was depression was actually a lack of energy."
"I took this for a tooth infection and it did the job"
"Hi everyone,

I have used mefenamic acid for period pain twice so far and will probably not be using it again. I will still give it a decent review since it helped a lot with my period pain and lessened the bleeding, but after taking one 500mg tablet the first time (with dinner) I got a stabbing pain in my stomach and severe nausea, however it went away after about an hour. After about 10 hours I started to just take ibuprofene for the rest of the period. Next time my period was a bit early so I had to take M. Acid for the pain again, used it twice with about 10 hours in between, ended up with stomach pain, nausea and diarrhea the next few days (still have it and my period is done). Hope it won&#039;t last..."
"Only been taking this antibiotic for pleurisy and a sinus infection for 3 days. Day 1 bad bitter taste in mouth and terrible thirst. Day 2 diarrhea. Day 3 the worst headache I have ever had. This drug should come with a GIANT warning on the packet. DON&#039;T take this drug it has vile side effects. My Dr has told me to stop it immediately.  So I have!"
"Injection site sore for weeks. If in belly, get it beyond belt line. If in underarm, get injections 2 in apart. Day 1, little effect, day 3 start of weakness, day 5 make sure couch fits. 3 days after last injection, start of recovery. Day 5, 2 pints of blood does wonders, day 14 after injection, just hanging on. Maybe another blood pint to help, Day 1, oh gosh here we go again. no vomiting, just strength crashing."
"So far I&#039;ve lost 35lbs in four months with minimal lifestyle change. I now plan to add more exercise into my weekly routine."
"I take 0.5 mg xanax as needed, which I have been on for a few months. I suffer PTSD panic attacks and xanax is the only thing that helps. I don&#039;t always need it and can go weeks without needing to take one."
"I have suffered from severe IBS-D for the past 5 years. I was continuing to get worse, it seemed like I tried everything and I still had more bad days than good. I had cut out gluten, all dairy, coffee, pretty much every possible trigger I cut out of my diet. I was on Levsin three times daily and I also still had to take Immodium in between. I could take three Immodium and it still would not stop my diarrhea. It would last for an entire day even after taking medication. I was at my wits end. My doctor had me try Viberzi at the end of December. She put me on 75 mg twice daily. So far it has been fantastic! I am much improved. I went two weeks straight without an episode of diarrhea and it has been years since I&#039;ve gone that long!"
"took 100mg to fall asleep and slept walked in the middle of the night!!! I took a bottle of lotion out of the BATHROOM cabinet, and I must have watered it down and shook it up bc it was liquid the next day and sitting by my REFRIGERATOR!! wtf!! I have no memory of this.. and the next day I was anxious and depressed all over the place emotionally"
"Used consistently 1x a day for past 6 weeks. My skin has never looked worse. Epiduo cleared up the front of my cheeks and forehead very well (neither of which were ever really a problem though). The main reason I got Epiduo was the mild acne on my right side-cheek.
After Epiduo this area has worsened significantly, and the left cheek has too. My skin stopped flaking after I started using moisturizer every day, but the redness just got worse. I now have small white bumps everywhere on both cheeks. I get flat pimples painful to touch and have 2-3 big whiteheads at any given time now (neither happened before).
Summary: I got new acne; old acne never went away, it just changed into a worse form. I&#039;ll give it a few more weeks, but so far... :("
"First time it was smooth going.. second time, severe stomach cramps for 2 days, near tears, would run to bathroom and nothing..worse than the flu, lightheaded, pale face, coldsweat like I was going to pass out, and I&#039;m home alone with a 2 yr old!!"
"Duac is a great acne topical cream but it works better if you take oral acne medications has well. It takes a couple of weeks for skin to completely look better but stick with it. Use it once a day before going to bed and I normally cleanse with Aveeno clear complexion but Prascion as well if you ask your doctor. I have suffered with acne since I was 14 and now I&#039;m twenty and minocycline with Duac saved my high school life."
"I am taking Percocet 5/325mg every 6 hours as needed for migraines. It is the only thing I can use that works for me. It works within 20 minutes and takes my pain away."
"The first time the pearles were prescribed, I thought they were a miracle drug. Suppressed my cough, and no side effects. Every spring and fall, I get a chest cold. So, I got a prescription 3 days ago. My cough is just as bad as it was 4 days ago AND I am in constant gastric distress. I&#039;m disappointed that they didn&#039;t work this time, and the upset tummy and dizziness have turned me off. I&#039;m going back to Mucinex and Robitussin."
"In my opinion, this pill really has many positive things to it. I&#039;ve had no moods swings. I&#039;ve been able to control my weight so much easier on this pill and my periods have been lighter and shorter. The only problem the first week I used it I&#039;ve been nauseated. Other than that great pill."
"I had Skyla inserted 6 months ago and I like it.  The insertion was uncomfortable and somewhat painful.  I did bleed for a few days after but nothing outside of the normal. I will say now, my cycle is all out of whack. It&#039;s irregular and super light to the point where I only use a pantyliner.  This does freak me out because I&#039;m always papranoid about getting pregnant while using Skyla and not knowing it.  I think I know my body well enough to know I&#039;m not, but you know your mind gets the best of you.  Overall, I love not having to remember a pill everyday... I have a 2 year old thanks to BC pills so no thank you. IUD is definitely better!"
"The z pak cleared up my bronchitis right away.  However it almost instantly caused symptoms of  gastritis and pancreatis that made me very ill for five months.  I could eat very little but was rapidly losing weight.  My doctor found low liver and kidney enzymes and suggested futher tests.  A endoscopy, colonoscopy, ultrasound, several lab tests and $1700 later there was no diagnosis but after five months i gradually got better.  The next winter I got another cold that turned into bronchitis and was again prescribed a z-pak.  Almost immediately the same symptoms occurred and I was just as sick for another 5 months.  This time the connection was clear - Z-PAK."
"For relieving pain especially after a surgery like TKR, I found Tramadol very useful. However, as this medicine causes severe constipation, you should be careful in using it continuously. I am taking 50 mg only at nights, and trying to control pain with an NSAID during day time."
"I am currently on 50mg of Seroquel in addition to other meds. It has certainly made a huge positive difference in my paranoid thinking and obsessive-compulsive spartanism. It has leveled out my wild swings between anxiety and depression somewhat. It works great on my insomnia too. It causes me constipation and aggravates my essential tremor, but its benefits are well worth the price. I have not yet experienced the increase in appetite it&#039;s known for."
"Started taking Qsymia in July 2015 and in 4 months I have lost 65 pounds!!!! Mild side effects I have experienced include some tingling in hands and feet, dry mouth and a little dizziness sometimes but nothing serious. Really helps curb appetite and cravings."
"Not a lot of side effects compared to other birth controls I have been on. Breasts have gotten quite big and heavy, not a fan of this but the boyfriend is. I&#039;m starting month 3 and last period came a day after stopped taking active pills, first month on it didn&#039;t start until I started active pills again so my body is adjusting well. All in all its the best pill I have taken. I much prefer the copper IUD but have a bicornuate uterus so cannot use IUD. "
"Originally I would have given this drug 10/10. I had anxiety so bad that at one point I could not even leave the house without having a panic attack. On Pristiq, from my experience, a few wonderful things will happen: 1. You couldn&#039;t have a panic attack if you tried to talk yourself into it.  2. You will not gain weight (I lost weight originally and then went back to normal after 6 months). 3. Your depression will subside - though there is a BUT with that. The not great: 1. It is really hard to get off of, brain zaps, no step down options. 2. You become a bit zombie-like, lost creativity etc. A lot of not caring so much. 3. Sexual side-effects, though they do improve over time. Solid 5/10"
"Abilify has enabled me to control some of my anxiousness and reactions due to being anxious better than I had been able to before.  I no longer want to smack someone who I feel is doing me wrong - I am able to control those impulses so much better than before, it is not even funny.  I think on a day to day basis, I am much more even keeled than I was before I started taking the medication.  Keep in mind that I take it with an antidepressant (Lexapro) because I understand that Abilify provides an assist to the Lexapro in controlling my overwhelming depression symptoms.  Depression and anger are now being controlled more effectively."
"I took Effexor for many years. I believe I was becoming resistant to it because it wasn&#039;t addressing my depression anymore. I tapered off as slowly as possible and I can safely say it is the worst withdrawal I have ever had in my life. Nausea, dizziness, sickly feeling, huge brain zaps, lethargy, headaches. It was horrible. I am so glad to be off of it. My new medication, wellbutrin and lexapro are much better in controlling my chronic major depression. I will never be off drugs, but I would never take this drug again."
"I have been on Contrave for a month,  I have lost  about  12 pounds. Only side effects so far are dry mouth and occasional constipation.  I increased  water  intake  which helps with constipation.  The only time  experienced stomach pain  is  after a  large  meal."
"I have been taking 2 mg prazosin for a month. My nightmares have decreased and I&#039;m actually having dreams un related to trauma. I do feel dizzy and feel a bit faint, my hands are shaky and I&#039;m experiencing consipation,but nothing I can&#039;t handle.
The fact that my daytime flashbacks have decreased and I can sleep and are without nightmatres is worth the risk."
"You start out nauseous but work through that and its worth it. 16 pounds down  in a month and a week and still going."
"I have very fair skin and my dermatologist prescribed me adapalene because I had hormonal acne. After less than a week of using this cream, I got dry, painful eczema like patches in places I didn&#039;t even put the cream. I can&#039;t put lotion on the spots to make them better because it stings. I would not recommend this cream to anybody with fair skin"
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil for about 8 years now. I take 10 mg a day. Paxil gave me my life back. I was incapacitated by fear before I started taking it. My panic disorder had progressed over 14 years to the point that I was afraid to go in other people&#039;s cars, to drive on the expressway, to fly in planes, of meetings at work, and the list goes on. Now after 8 years, I am capable of doing all those things. I&#039;m still not crazy about flying but I do it. I don&#039;t think about what I&#039;m afraid of all the time. It doesn&#039;t cross my mind anymore to be afraid. Only rarely. The only downside it the weight gain and memory issues."
"Coming back with a second review. I stopped tamiflu prematurely after my flu symptoms were all gone however now the tamiflu side effects still lingers after 3 days! I am having severe diarrhea at least 6x a day!! I be going to the bathroom for hours like 6 hours later still on the toilet!!! And I took only 3 days worth.. I&#039;m scared to go to work like this... Better just deal with the flu than take these pills again"
"For the last few years I have had recurrences, sometimes as often as once a week of vomiting and diarrhea.  It seemed to be traced to exhaustion and fatty foods.  In the meantime, my wife contacted C. Difficile in the hospital.  Along the way, I may have contracted C.Diffcile too.  In any event, my doctor prescribe Flagyl, which I took four times a day for 10 days.  This cleared everything up but the problem kept occurring.  For the last 45 days I have been taking 2, 250 mg. capsules once a day.  Recently I have cut down to one.  Although I have had occasional diarrhea, there has been no vomiting or nausea.  "
"Very effective with no side effects and no morning hangover like you can get from other hypnotics."
"Started Qsymia in Sept. 2013 weighing 198 lbs, I&#039;m 52 yo, 5&#039;5&quot; female with 3 kids, have lost 45 lbs to date.  Only side effects were tingling in toes occasionally, but not any more.  I&#039;m very active around the house and yard but do not exercise, keeping daily calorie count below 1200 with healthy foods and plenty of fluids.  This was my last attempt at losing weight - AND IT WORKED!!  And it does NOT make me crazy and wound up like other meds did in the past.  Have been spreading the word to friends and family since first seeing the results!!!!!"
"I have noticed since I have been on this medication I have become more happy and able to deal with my depression that I was suffering for a few days. I have noticed differences in my sleep pattern. I go back to bed earlier and I wake up early which can be a problem for me at times because I need lots of energy during the day to keep me going because I will get tired and depressed. My mood starts to slip after 3:00 which can be annoying."
"I was diagnosed with MS in 2013 at age 39 doctors said I&#039;ve had it quite some time with the amount of old lesions on my brain. I started on Rebif and it made me feel horrible, so then I took Tecfidera which ended up giving me major joint pain to the point of not being able to function at times. So I was able finally  go on Gilenya and so far so good. The only side affect so far is extreme fatigue which we all know we already have plenty of that with MS. Gilenya allows me to function &quot;normal &quot; again and play with my daughter.  Hopefully it will continue to work for me and keep away any new episodes!"
"SW: 260, CW: 205, GW: 160
My doctor prescribed phentermine on May 15, 2017. I have been taking half of a 37.5 mg pill in the morning and half in the afternoon. That coupled with daily exercise and a 1,400 calorie diet has resulted in a 55 lb weight loss in 4-ish months!
There are side effects: nervousness, elevated heart rate, dry mouth, and constipation. However, these can be handled via your healthy lifestyle! Drinking about 4 liters of water a day solves the dry mouth and some of the nervousness (just always carry a water-bottle with you). For the constipation, I just take fiber gummies twice a day, and it does the trick!
This has been an amazing health journey! If I can do it, you can too!! Keep working hard!"
"I have used fillers off and on for 36 years.  Collagen, Restylane, Radiesse, Juvederm,  Voluma, and more to fill acne scars and laser burn scars above my lip caused by a quack.  I&#039;ve always had at least a modicum of improvement and sometimes even  success with these various fillers.  However, when I finally decided after two years of research to go ahead and have Bellafill injected to one area of my face where there are acne scars, I wound up with absolutely no visible or palpable evidence that Bellafill was even in my face. A total rip-off. Utterly useless material. In fact, the acne scars are even more evident after this bizarre injection episode.  Just because the FDA approves something doesn&#039;t mean it has any merit."
"Unless you are extremely obese (&gt;350 pounds) and have no other options avoid this medication at all costs. Side effects for me were severe nausea, vomiting constantly, heart palpitations (which have not gone away even after stopping the medicine), chills, terrible body aches, delusions, fatigue, insomnia, bizarre dreams, and apathy. Even after stopping the medicine I can still feel after effects. This drug needs to be investigated for safety cause someone I know also had close to the same side effects as me. I did lose 2 pounds the first week but I believe it was cause I had no desire to eat and the constant vomiting. It&#039;s also very expensive."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for 2 years now and it has been wonderful since the day I started."
"I was on Latuda for about 4-5 months, after taking myself off Seroquel. Latuda seemed promising as it has less metabolic side effects than other atypical antipsychotics. However, Latuda immediately gave me severe anxiety (which added klonopin to my daily regiment). Towards the end of the 4-5 months, I began developing recurring and intense dark thoughts immediately after increasing my Latuda dosage. I instantly took myself off of the drug and am searching for a new atypical antipsychotic to fill its place. I know that Latuda has worked very well for some, but I want to add a warning that it can cause severe anxiety. Monitor your symptoms carefully with your doctor."
"ALERT!!!! I could not be awakened from a deep sleep the second time I took this drug. I realized later, I almost went into a coma! I slept for 13.5 hours, and a friend had to wake me up,pour coffee down me and make me started walking. I did not even hear my dog trying to get me up. It took over 48 hours to recover. I threw all of the samples out!"
"I have not had a negative experience with this pill. Now the reason this pill was prescribed to me was due to the low amount of estrogen it contained. I have horrible side effects when I take pills or birth control in general that has a lot of estrogen in it. If you are taking this for acne, it is not going to help you. It is not meant to help treat acne. My periods have been much lighter and last month I didn&#039;t have a period. On the website, it also states it is not uncommon to miss a period with this birth control. I am not complaining that I don&#039;t have one. I have not seen weight gain or mood swings either. It is working perfectly for me. Probably the best birth control I have been on honestly. No side effects."
"Celexa gave me my life back! I was going through a hard time and slowly but surely hit a wall with depression and anxiety and wasn&#039;t able to handle it. I wasn&#039;t sleeping or even able to eat, I felt alone and so far from myself. I&#039;d never been on an antidepressant before so Celexa was the first and I had looked up all the side effects and was really scared to take it. Don&#039;t let the side effects or horror stories fool you. This medicine does help, it takes time to see the results but it does help."
"I came down with flu symptoms on Sunday (chills, back pain, couldn&#039;t get out of bed). My husband took me to urgent care on Monday where I was diagnosed with a B strain of flu and given tamiflu and zofran. The first dose of tamiflu on Monday night was ok, I made sure to eat and took the zofran. However, early Tuesday morning I woke up with terrible stomach pains and diarrhea. The diarrhea continued all day and night Tuesday (if you&#039;ve ever had a colonoscopy, it was exactly like doing the prep for that) and Wednesday I skipped the zofran and took Imodium instead. I did ok Wednesday until evening; along with the diarrhea I also experienced terrible chills and back pain that made it difficult to take a breath. I won&#039;t be taking any more tamiflu"
"I&#039;ve always had extremely painful periods to the point where I would throw up from the pain. I decided to try birth control pills to see if it would help. So far on this pill I&#039;ve had short, light periods with very minimal cramps. My acne has even cleared up a great deal. So far so good."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for 3 years now for my seizures (50mg/2 daily) and have not had any episodes since.  At first I would get a tingling feeling in my fingers and toes (like soda fizz), but it went away once my body was used to the drug.  Recently, my pharmacy switched me to the generic version and I hated it. Immediately that first day, I would get crazy headaches, feel dizzy, sick to my stomach and I couldn&#039;t concentrate on anything. I went back to my neurologist and got a new prescription for brand name only and have not had any problems since. I was also still using the drug during my recent pregnancy and am happy to report no problems or side effects what-so-ever."
"I am 63 and have used this for years.  Works great for me with no side effects."
"I have been taking Reclipsen for over 6 months now. I am 21 and have no children. This is my 3rd birth control to try, after Depo-Provera &amp; Natazia. I decided to try Reclipsen for my acne and cramps. It immediately cleared up my face and is effective at preventing pregnancy, but I&#039;m starting to wonder if the side effects are really worth it. I am extremely irritable and my attitude goes from great to depressed/angry in an instant. I even tried Zoloft for awhile, but realized it was the Reclipsen. I still have a period for about 5 days/month, along with the awful cramping. I&#039;m calling my doctor soon to discuss other options. I know medications affect everyone differently, so it may be a good choice for you, but definitely not for me."
"Made all my hair fall out, like all of it!"
"First off: don&#039;t let the horror stories scare you away! Everyone is so different, don&#039;t assume that will be your experience. I have had skyla going on 3 weeks now (inserted 8/21/17) and it&#039;s awesome! After being on the pill (Generess) for 5+ years it is such a relief to not have to take a pill. The insertion hurt for a whole 10 seconds and then following was a VERY bad cramp, sort of like it was doing a final adjustment into place. After that I cramped mildly for about a day and a half. I&#039;d recommend having a driver if you live far away from your doctor, as your cramps may vary. Hormonally I feel better than ever, libido and mood is better than ever! Hope this helps"
"I&#039;ve been taking Lexapro since November of last year (2009) and it works great!  I used to get really nervous entering a room or place with large crowds and now it&#039;s easy being the center of attention, especially me wanting to be an actress and all...it really helps! I&#039;m the person I&#039;ve always wanted to be...confident, outgoing, and alot of other things.  Although, It would be great if I could do this without the medicine, however, I had tried getting off of it and the anxiety came right back. So, it just works great.  I don&#039;t get nervous or embarrassed easily anymore.  I&#039;m not as moody either...it helps with that.  What more can I say?  If you suffer from anxiety, this is great! I no longer have panic attacks either."
"In persistent Atrial Fibrillation for 11 months being switched around between various doses and combinations of metoprolol and diltiazem for rate control without success.  Converted on second dose of Tikosyn and had absolutely no problems with dosing in hospital other than a little headache on first dose.  I never knew how bad I felt in Atrial Fibrillation until normal sinus rhythm restored.  Check with your doctor about this medicine.  They have a great program to insure safety medicine loading (although three days in the hospital CAN get a little boring!)."
"I recently was given phenteramine 37.5 mg;  When going on family vacations in Mexico, I always covered up by the pool and never attempt to venture into the ocean, embarrassed of what I looked like in a bathing suit. It is an Awful feeling being 42 y/o with 2 girls and not enjoying vacation. I am currently 200, and today is day 3. I haven&#039;t seen any movement on the scale yet. I have been well under 1200 calories with lots of lemon water, 2L daily. I am always on the go, walking due to my job. I realize it is only day 3, should I have seen some loss?"
"Ativan has a troublesome history of abuse and ignorance associated with it. People expecting some magical pill to solve all their problems on a daily basis, following the advise of a doctor rather than there own body. I lead a stressful life and sometimes there&#039;s no amount of relaxing watching movies etc to get my body to calm down. I always want to get up and run workout etc. If used properly it&#039;s a lifesaving medication for me, losing my hair from stress Gilberts syndrome etc finally I am able to enjoy my life again enjoy movies etc. Used properly it&#039;s a tool I wish to have at my touch at all times available. Responsibility and moderation to all. "
"I have had epilepsy all my life. I am 48 and been on Dilantin all my life except for the last 5 months.  About 5 months ago I had a grand mal seizure and my family dr. wanted me to see a neurologist since I haven&#039;t seen one for awhile. Well after seeing my neurologist she changed my medication to Kappa. I really hate this drug. I would maybe have a few to maybe 4 to 5 seizures a yr. that I could feel coming on, now I have had to many to count in the last 5 months than I have had since I was on Dilantin. All the seizures I have had since I have been on Kappra I have not felt coming on, I am very moody, I feel like crap all the time and over all I hate my life. I just want to get back to myself and go back to work but right now I cant."
"Methadone is a God send for people who need it for pain. "
"Worked well at first, but took about 5 days before the infection started to subside...  3 weeks later after the 1 week 1 time treatment, the infection was back... didn&#039;t work for me and am now on another doxycycline... hopefully this works as this will be the 3rd time trying to get rid of this horrible  bug."
"8 years ago I had a UTI so bad the 1st round of antibiotics didnt work &amp; that became apparent when blood in my urine was visible to me at home &amp; still in a world of pain. Fortunately they took a culture my 1st visit to discover the bacteria I had would not be killed by what was perscribed....no duh! So they gave me Cipro &amp; within an hour I felt relief. Fast forward 8 years, same situation but exasperated by too much sirracha (chilli sauce), I woke up with pains of a bad UTI. Ran to the doc, I had been drinking too much water for them to detect leukocytes &amp; nitrates but detected blood and sent the culture to the lab. She prophylacticly perscribed Cipro &amp; UTI was gone. I noticed little side effects, maybe some light headedness &amp; tireness but thats about it."
"Calms me down, allows me to focus at work and not dwell on my depression and anxiety. I am currently on 0.5mg twice a day and have noticed it is not effective as it was at beginning of treatment. I have appointment next week to review with my doctor where he may have me take 1 mg twice a day. Glad I am finally seeing light at end of tunnel after 20 years of claustrophobia and depression."
"I&#039;m allergic to penicillin and Zithromax, so my doctor prescribed Avelox after I&#039;d had a sinus infection for 3 weeks.  (I try to avoid taking antibiotics since I&#039;m allergic to the normal prescriptions.)  I started to feel better after the first dose.  My only complaint is that the pills were a lot more expensive than simple amoxicillin."
"I was diagnosed with Benign Essential Tremor, a month ago...my Dr started me out on 12.5 mg of Primidone. I have increased my dosage every 3/4 days by 12.5 mg. I&#039;m at 112.5mg and the tremors are still there. I also take a beta blocker as well. The side effects are flu like for me the day after I up my dosage. Then I have a &quot;good day &quot; &amp; then the tremors start all over again. I cannot climax as a horrible side effect so I&#039;m frustrated in more ways than one."
"I have sinus cancer (twice) and I am left with recurring &quot;ice cream headaches&quot;. The relief from Actiq has been virtually miraculous. It takes effect within minutes and it doesn&#039;t make me feel as medicated as I did with Vicoden.

One of the best things about Actiq is that I can regulate the amount of medication to match my break through pain level. I don&#039;t have to take a pill, wait 45 minutes then realize that it isn&#039;t working. Take yet another pill and (another) 45 minutes later realize that I am over-medicated relative to my pain.

When my doctor asked me how I was getting on with the Actiq, my answer was &quot;Actiq gave me my life back.&quot;"
"I have neuropathy in my legs, feet hands and arms   I take a 300 mg of Gabapentin and a 10 mg  valium  and OMG that is the only thing that works.  Nothing takes it all away but this has been the closest relief I have come too.    Then my doctor took my valium away and now back where I was.  The bad thing is people that abuse their meds causes us patients that take them properly not be able to get them any more.   So now I hurt all the time."
"AWFUL AWFUL experience!

4 PM 1st packet with 5 oz of water followed by five 8 oz cups of water%u2026no results at all! 10 PM 2nd packet with three 8 oz cups of water.  At 2 AM I called the &quot;on call&quot; doctor to report that there was NO EFFECT. I considered cancelling the appointment.  Finally, my bowels started to flush at 3 AM!  

It&#039;s now 3:10 and I am absolutely NOT CLEAR. I will most likely be awake all night and my colonoscopy is at 8:15 AM. I am supposed to arrive at 7:30 to fill out paperwork and I am livid!"
"I posted almost 2 months ago. I&#039;ve been taking Mucinex since then for the fibromyalgia pain (I am not a creature of habit and have a hard time remembering to take any medication but I don&#039;t miss it!) I can sincerely say that it continues to work - progressively better - and I find it hard to believe it myself! Pain in my right shoulder that I&#039;ve had for over 15 years has quietly disappeared. I no longer sleep with a pillow between my knees, and I have so much less pain bending over, etc. I also don&#039;t have to clear my throat constantly in the morning like I did so it works great on mucus too. I really didn&#039;t expect the results to continue. If you have pain like me, give it a try. No bad effects. I hope it works for you."
"This is my third day on Belviq and I started off at 244 pounds.  Today I weighed 242lbs.  I am incorporating exercise today and I bet by next Monday I will be down at least 7 pounds.  Belviq does curve your appetite but you also have to have will-power not to eat just because you see food.  Sometimes you don&#039;t have to be hungry to want food.  My goal is to be down 70 pounds by July! The only side effect that I have experienced so far was headaches and I just popped an ibuprofen and they are gone! May God help everyone on Belviq achieve their healthy goal!"
"I have Schizoaffective disorder with bipolar features as well as uncontrollable anxiety. This medicine has helped me tremendously! I take 5mg in the morning and 15mg at night so I can fall asleep. I would recommend this medicine for sure!"
"This med delivered exactly what it was made to do. I found it very effective and extremely easy on my body with no side effects whatsoever.
I highly recommend it for anyone who has been on opioids for as long as I have, which is a very long time."
"Ultram has worked significantly for me to relieve extreme post (2yrs) shoulder surgery. I have received excellent return of motion but continue to have 24/7 pain. Over the counter medicines have not worked. Ultram has given a relief that allows up to eight hours of pain free sleep. I use 100mg each evening at bedtime."
"I am very sensitive to hormones. This pill is great ...no side effects. I am very active and in tune with my body. No weight gain, no acne, no bleeding, no change in libido. Great pill! Worth every cent."
"This is actually my 2nd time quitting on Chantix and will be successful this time because I am ready and dedicated. I&#039;m so stubborn, been smoking for 35 years. When I quit the first time it felt like I lost my best friend, kind of down but this time I am proud to quit. Who cares about vanity, I can lose the couple lbs I put on I mean at least I will be around this life a little healthier/ longer and happier!  Nicotine."
"I&#039;ve been on a 7 day schedule of the Avelox, it has worked pretty well to clear up the bacterial infection on my lung.  However, I have experienced pretty bad diarrhea that started about 3 days into the schedule. The rest of the symptoms have been mild such as nausea, feeling cloudy, etc. I am really looking forward to taking the last pill, this medicines side effects are not too pleasant."
"So all of my life I have been some what chubby, but at  least couple of years I let my weight go out of control. I went to the doctors on May 26th and she weighed me at 261! :( That day she prescribed me belviq. I took my first pill that night. I weighed myself on June 2nd and I am down to 256.4! I don&#039;t know how much of that was water weight but it was definitely encouraging to see that on the scale! I will post again in a week :)"
"I take seroquel 50 mg and jovia at night for 7 months already. These meds made me happy and free from my GAD. They cost a lot but they are worth it. I don&#039;t gain weight because I don&#039;t eat a lot of carbs and sweets.  thanks for the happiness i feel. =)"
"I have been on Paxil for 6 weeks now and it just finally kicked in. I suffered with anxiety and extreme panic for 6 years. Now I&#039;m fine. I can&#039;t believe it. It&#039;s my wonder drug. My life feels normal now. However, I stopped taking it for three days in a row and I felt crazy, so do not cold turkey this drug."
"Been on trulicity for 4 months.  Seem to tolerate it very well, infrequent bouts of diarrhea,  some stomach upset but no episodes of throwing up.  Does not seem to handle carbs well, but minor carbacious meals will do better,   I supplement with about 40 units of Lantus insulin to help the A1c.  I will also do some occasional use of humolog if sugar is too high before next meal or arising in the morning. I have had about 7 pounds of weight loss."
"Day 2, throat drainage is much better, although hasn&#039;t stopped completely. Congestion in my nose is better as well.  No problems with feeling sleepy.  Trying this to see if I can avoid deviated septum surgery after being on antibiotics for 3 months for severe sinus infection"
"I started Spironolactone for Acne in April and started out taking 50mg a day and I will say for the first three months I thought it wasn&#039;t working (I was still getting a lot of cystic acne breakouts around my chin and mouth). But I figured I would give it some more time because my body may still be adjusting to the other medications I&#039;m also using with it (derm also put me on orthotricyclen birth control to help with acne as well as Differin cream twice a week) I stuck it out and noticed a drastic change in the fourth month and I&#039;m now on month 5 and have had no breakouts for a month straight! I also lost about 8 pounds since I started on the medicine! Which was a great bonus. I recommend sticking it out!! It takes time but it really works!"
"I have been taking it for about 3 months now, and it works very well. I do not have those strong unrealistic negative scenarios anymore, no voices, no feeling like disappearing, all that is gone, and it minimized my unreasonable fears. I do have long moments of almost total lack of emotions, and I do not feel much in general (I used to be an enthusiastic person) but I do not mind for now, it was terrible not to be able to control inexplicable feelings. I did not gain weight (just a bit, but I also take Wellbutrin). My only concern is how I am going to be when I stop taking this medicine."
"I&#039;ve been on Adipex for 3 days now and I&#039;m not hungry. I sleep good just get bad headaches and dry mouth. Haven&#039;t weighed in though. But it really does work."
"This is one of those drugs that sneak up on you been on this shit for 8 months the first couple months I felt fine but by the 6th month I started having horrible pregnancy symptoms even though I wasn&#039;t pregnant and overall I&#039;ve had anxiety attacks depression spells and I&#039;ve gained water weight from the pills. I have no sex drive whatsoever. I&#039;ve been on other pills and they almost killed me with allergic reactions or panic attacks."
"This medicine really helps with pain. "
"I have  used Fiorinal since I was 18 and am 61 now. It is the only medicine that works for me and my headaches. Over the years the doctors have tried every medicine on the market on me, some gave me terrible side effects and the Fiorinal doesn&#039;t. After years of taking it I find I have to be careful not to abuse it and use it for something other than headache, like a sleeping pill or back pain. I am aware of how much I am taking and have regular visits with my doctor so he is on top of things as well. For me I won&#039;t take anything other than Fiorinal for migraine."
"My 18 yo son has been taking Tresiba for about 6 mos and his A1C dropped from 13 to 7.  But he has been developing hives lately and this is the only thing new or different in his environment or routine.  We aren&#039;t positive at this point Tresibas the cause, but it&#039;s not looking good"
"I take 100mg every night and it works for me!!"
"My mom was switched to Rytary to decrease off periods.  She used to be able to walk one mile.   At first the Rytary seemed great, but then her neurologist couldn&#039;t get a dose that worked consistently.  The manufacturer says absorption is 70%, her Neuro says 50%, but sometimes it was 0% and when we would add some immediate release levodopa, she would get horrible dyskinesia.  She could barely walk and we&#039;ve switched back to old meds with little improvement.  I regret ever switching!!"
"Very good medication for any kind of acne. I had terrible acne until I got prescribed this medicine. I&#039;ve been using it for about 8 years and it changed my life."
"I&#039;m not sure what mg I took... but the 1st day I took a whole pill and became very aggressive (not in my character at all). I figured the whole dose may have been too much and took 1/2 pill the next day.  I was less aggressive, but very verbally abusive and extremely irritable. I stopped taking it. "
"I have been on Citalopram for about 8 months. I was having severe migraines due to anxiety and had no prior diagnosis. It was all new to me but it made sense. My doctor started me on citalopram by prescribing 20 mg but cutting them and taking half for about a week. At first my head felt fuzzy but I can honestly say this medication has helped me return to my normal self. I&#039;m usually skeptical of taking prescriptions but my husband even said that I was my normal self again. The only side effect I&#039;ve outright experienced that I&#039;m aware of, is if I forget to take it for a day or 2 I get terrible headaches. It makes me nervous that my body now relies on it and starts to go through withdrawal if I don&#039;t have it. However, it has truly helped!"
"I started taking Chantix on Oct 6, 2013. On Oct, 13 2013 I had my last smoke. I did not even a have a craving for one. I had the occasional dreams nothing bad just multiple ones per night. I went three weeks with taking 1mg in the am and 1mg in the pm. Than I went to just 1mg in the morning. No more dreams. Also if you don&#039;t eat enough you will get a upset tummy. I ordered another starter pack just to lower the dose before I totally quit. On Dec 19th 2013 I went to .5mg in the am and on Dec 21st stopped totally. It has been one week with nothing feels good. Thought about it through the whole process but I believe I am done with the nasty addiction. My side affects were dreams, angry, moody but all good. Good luck to me and all who give it a try."
"Prepping for a colonoscopy... Mixed powders with 1/4 of water recommended so as to dissolve, refrigerated then added orange gaterade.  Used hard peppermint candy after each quarter hour dose.  First movement was within an hour of the end of the first dose.  Began at 4pm, with 2nd doses beginning at 9:30pm    Effective colon cleansing but side effects were terrible.  Massive migraine even though I took a preventative triptan, insomnia, diarrhea several times during the night and next morning and nausea.  I will never use this product again!"
"I am 37 years old and have had Petit Mal Seizures since I was 2 Years old. My seizures were always controlled on Epival. However, this drug isn&#039;t safe during pregnancy so my Dr prescribed me Keppra (500mg) before we staring to try for a baby. 

Keppra works well for me to control the Petit Mal Seizures. However, it has really bad side effects. It made me extremely tired and quite moody. The worse part about this medication it caused me to have 2 Grand Mal Seizures (10w and 18 w). Before these 2 seizures I have never had a Grand Mal before.  I am now off of Keppra and on Lamotrigine and feel great. I have energy and feel like myself again. Best of all no Grand Mal seizures!"
"I have PCOS (polycystic ovarian syndrome) and endometriosis. When I am in the hospital they always give me a low dose 0.5mg in IV form and it takes the pain away for 3-4 hours. They tried morphine but that only last for literally 30 minutes. It makes me sleep good and the pain is gone for like I said 3-4 hours. IV push every 4 hours. It&#039;s a miracle drug!"
"I have had psoriasis since I was 16 years old, covering over 90% of my body. I am a woman of 53 now, I have used creams, to no avail. I have been on Humira injections for about 18 months and I am clear and was actually able to wear a bathing suit to the beach this year with no signs anywhere of psoriasis.  It has truly changed my life and my outlook.  I am after all these years finally clear, normal.  I don&#039;t have to hide myself with long sleeves and long pants year round, answer those awkward questions and looks from strangers. Truly a wonderful medication. No side effects as of yet, not looking for any this far along in treatment. The shot does tend to be a bit painful, through the few moments of pain, I receive clear skin."
"I have taken atenolol for over 21 years and it has kept my pressure in the normal range for a 68yr old man.
Although its does slow my heartbeat to 45bps at times and I feel tired also."
"Side effects far outweigh any benefit from this medicine."
"I am 73 and just found out  I have torn ligaments, tendonitis and arthritis in both wrists. For about a year now I have had stabbing pains in my wrists and hands. After taking three Arthrotec 50 my pain is gone. But, I also have a gastric problem with reflux and for the last two nights have had extreme bloating and reflux. I took the fifth tablet this evening. It is so bad tonight that I have to stay awake. I can not go to sleep, even while sitting up in a chair for fear of having the reflux again. I have had the reflux two times already tonight when I dosed off. So I am here now  typing this at 4:30 AM so I do not fall asleep again. The Arthrotec works, but I can not take any more of them."
"Rheumatoid arthritis Pain in knees and shoulder not helped by tramadol or opioids."
"Lamictal has been a life saver. Started when I was 18, after 4 years of unsuccessful treatment plus 2-3 years of emotional instability not treated. Started lamictal and I finally felt like &quot;the person I was always supposed to grow up to be&quot;. I do get the &quot;morning woozies&quot; when I increase the dose for worsening symptoms, but I have been more or less in remission. Very minimal side effects, and generally effective as stand alone maintenance drug."
"I Love Love Love it! I will admit the first few days when I started it was horrible, I was so sick. Nauseous and weak. After that I found I do not want to eat, and when I do I do not eat much at all. I have lost 10 lbs in 2 weeks. Woohooo now to start exercising."
"Got the JOB done!!"
"Hands down, the best immediate solution for anxiety or panic attacks. I prefer Ativan to other benzos and it usually lifts my depression too, even suicidal thoughts ( well for the few hours that it works). Just be very careful not to become addicted but this is extremely helpful as an occasional tool in stressful situations. DO not take every day for many days unless instructed so, but even then do your research."
"I have been on this birth control for almost 2 years now. It has worked wonders even though I did gain 30 lbs mainly because of the way that I eat. My acne has cleared a lot and it works definitely for birth control. I am active a lot and not pregnant. I&#039;m also moody at times but I don&#039;t want to switch pills because I feel no side affects. Light periods as well and always on time."
"Helps a great deal with daytime sleepiness, which I had all my adult life until Dexedrine. No side effects at 5 to 7.5 mg a day. At 10 mg sometimes anxiety or tension, but not always. No rebound effect or depression if I stop taking it. Not the dangerous drug some people would have you think."
"I personally didn&#039;t like the way I felt when I decided to take more before the scheduled time to take it. I was very agitated couldn&#039;t sleep for 3 days even though I felt tired and wanted to sleep do not do more than recommended dosage."
"Been taking 1.2 Victoza for 3 months now along with metformin.  Haven&#039;t experienced a lot of side effects (had worse side effects when I started metformin).  Appetite has decreased but I do find that occasionally I crave sugar, which I never did before.  Have had a terrific reduction in my fluctuating blood sugars but only a few pounds of weight loss.  Just completed a second on track A1C.  Very happy with this medication."
"I had psoriasis come up suddenly all over my feet - after a year I could barely walk - 2 days and my feet are almost clear. This will definitely be a staple in my medicine cabinet!"
"I&#039;ve had a reoccurring tooth infection from a chipped tooth . What started out as the usual throbbing pain and swelling in my gums against my tongue turned into my face and neck puffing up until my eye started closing. This occurred about 36 hours after the throbbing had started. Went to a walk-in clinic and was given the typical Amoxicillin 500mg every 8 hours for 14 days. After 8 days, in excruciating pain, I went back to the walk-in and got Clindamycin 300mg every 6 hours for 14 days...after 2 doses the abscess burst and drained, swelling &amp; pain went down immediately and I was allowed to heal. Dentist was able to do root canal and have been problem free for 3 years now."
"I got a YI while taking Augmentin and went for an over the counter as it was a weekend and I couldn&#039;t contact my Dr. NOT WORTH IT. Followed all the directions to the letter and 5-10 min after insertion I was itching so bad that I couldn&#039;t lay still. Moaning and rolling and gritting my teeth.... Pretty much looked ridiculous. Thank goodness my husband sleeps like a rock. I called the Dr. for a prescription when Monday came and stopped taking the Monistat after 2 doses. Wish I had read these posts before all the drama. This just CAN&#039;T be good for your body with side effects that strong."
"This medication is great, it gave me no side effects at all. Although it takes time to reach its full therapeutic effect its worth the wait.  This medication helps me calm down reduces agitation, anxiety, and panic.  For me it has been better than the other faster acting drugs for agitation, anxiety, panic that I&#039;ve tried in the past."
"I&#039;ve had to use Diflucan for yeast infections several times -- it always works wonders for me with no side effects! The bonus is that it&#039;s only one pill, and it works immediately. However... this last time I took it, I still felt a little &#039;off&#039;. I still had some kind of bacterial infection! Now I&#039;m on Flagyl. "
"Made me a zombie. I could sleep for 24 hours after one pill. I have things to do I can&#039;t sleep that long."
"I absolutely adore microgestin, now that I&#039;ve been on it for three and a half months. The first two months were brutal. In the second week I had horrible uterine cramping and terrible cramping during my period also. The first month also, until I got used to it, it did give me mood swings, but did not make me depressed. Once I was on it for a few months, however, all of this went away. Right now I have mild breast tenderness but honestly it isn&#039;t bad at all and I&#039;d recommend it to anyone."
"I took this to help with my insomnia. I work different hours at the hospital and I haven&#039;t been able to overcome the Insomnia on my days off. Silenor has helped me so far, I hope that it stays that way."
"I suffered from panic attacks, anxiety and depression for years.  Since I started taking clonazepam, I haven&#039;t had a single attack! This drug has changed my life for the better.  I still have some anxiety and depression, but I&#039;m taking something else for those.  My only wish is that I didn&#039;t wait so long to try the medication!"
"What a relief. Within 2 hours of ingesting 1st pill my symptoms began to improve. Congestion and body aches diminished. Within a few hours of 2nd pill I&#039;m almost normal - such as that might be.

READ THE INSTRUCTIONS! Eat JUST before injesting. Otherwise nausea and cramps will not be enjoyable."
"I was put on Lyza at Planned Parenthood because of my history of migraines. Overall, I&#039;ve had a good experience on Lyza. I sometimes have spotting between periods, but now after about a year, I only get a period every 3 months or so. At first this kind of freaked me out, and I take a pregnancy test if it&#039;s been about 60 days since my last period. Sometimes I get very tender breasts as well. Those are really my only complaints about this medication. There are no other side effects I&#039;ve noticed, skin is fine, and mood is pretty evened out. My periods are generally less heavy than they were before, which I also appreciate."
"Demerol when gave through iv is best when mixed with an anti nausea medication called Phenergan. It makes the Demerol work a lot better than when given alone."
"I just started Zoloft 2 weeks ago and have noticed an immense change in how I&#039;ve been feeling. I used to be very sad and anxious about my relationship that ended badly, and I would binge eat lots of bread and bagels. Since taking it, I&#039;ve had this new outlook on life.... I&#039;ve been content with everything. A simple inner peace. I used to be obsessive about my weight (combined with the binge eating, it was a messy combination.) but since then I&#039;ve been able to eat balanced and not even weigh myself (used to weigh myself compulsively) I&#039;ve had greater self confidence and wake up every morning excited for my day. I no longer have the crazy anxieties I used to about getting crazy life threatening illnesses. zoloft has been incredible for me."
"Woman of Cuban and Puerto Rican heritage 5&#039;1 and 179 pounds. I wish I could say this was genetic but I just always seemed to be famished and liked my sweets. I have seven months experience and am 43 pounds lighter. I started with diet but once the pound came off I got excited and started biking after the first month to speed things up. Side effects few headache and I was tired initially. Now I sleep easily and don&#039;t get tempted by pretty much anything."
"I got the implant 3/31/16, first period came as normal but instead of my normal 4 days it was 10. My next period started 4 days before it normally would have, and hasn&#039;t stopped yet. Mostly spotting, but it&#039;s all been about black. I thought that meant it was old blood lining, but obviously my uterus must be larger than myself, or so it seems! I want to cut the damn thing out of my arm myself. If I had any idea my period was going to be like this, I would have kept the 4 day and just used condoms! Now, I just get nothing! Not happy!"
"I was prescribed Levaquin 500mg 1x/day for chronic sinus infections.  On day 8 (of a 10 day prescription), I woke up feeling like I&#039;d been hit by a truck.  Every tendon in my body hurt.  Even the tiny ones in my fingers.  It took me till the next day to realize it was the Levaquin causing this (no doctor or pharmacist had warned me).  I threw out the day 10 pill.  This was 3 mths ago.  For the first two weeks, the pain got worse.  I was unable to walk for a week.  After that, it gradually began to subside and I began to be able to walk, albeit very slowly, again.  I spent about a month on bed rest.  I just saw an ortho yesterday and she is optimistic about my progress.  She said it may take about 1 yr for me to heal.  I am about 85% better."
"Works much better than any other NSAID, especially for stiff joints."
"I used Advair before but after a while (and one fast-acting inhaler use), I was prescribed Singulair. I have not once had to worry about asthma in over 8 years."
"This worked in the way that it got me back on track and made me feel like my old bubbly self. My social skills improved because I love talking to people now. I&#039;m generally happier. Low days are few and far between. Confidence improved and my obsessive thoughts almost ceased completely. Did not experience weight gain. No real side effects I report. This medication helps to get your mind sorted and the rest is up to you to work on yourself."
"Before starting this medication, I felt deathbed tired. In my forties, I was ready to go home to heaven, that&#039;s how awful I felt. After starting n 200 mg, within a few months, the joint pain was almost completely gone and fatigue somewhat better. Doc bumped me up to 400 mg and now I&#039;m still tired, but don&#039;t sleep 16 hours a day anymore at least. It&#039;s a life saver. (My other doctors are freaked out by the medicine, and think it&#039;s the cause of my problems, but they should have seen me before I was on it. I thank God for this medication!)"
"I heard about Nexplanon from my step mother. I got the Nexplanon in December of 2013. I did have side effects, my major ones are depression, lack of sex drive, and mood swings. I can deal with those. I didn&#039;t have a period for almost a year! In September of 2014 I had my first period for like 2 days, now it&#039;s October and I&#039;m having my second period this month. The first one was extremely heavy, which is highly unusual for me, and the second very light. All in all a great birth control method."
"I am in my 9th month of taking Invokana 100, glypizide 10 mg, and metformin ER, 2/750 mg.  My A1C has increased from 5.6 to 7.2, but I have lost 40 pounds!  I see here that a lot of people have yeast problems.  I had one and immediately started using coconut oil as a moisturizer at least 3x day, and have not had a problem since.  This is just the coconut oil that can bought at the grocery store.  I put a scoop of it in a smaller container that I keep in the bathroom and use it liberally.  My endocrinologist is not happy with my A1C being this high, but my primary doctor is fine with that number.  Endocrinologist may put me on insulin, so I don&#039;t know if I can take both.  I don&#039;t want to give up Invokana in fear of gaining the weight back."
"After suffering from 15+ migraines that sometimes lasted 3 days, for over a year, my doctor decided I would be a good candidate for Botox.  After my first treatment, I had about 10 migraines in total.  Botox also helped against normal triggers that would cause my migraines.  On days I wouldn&#039;t have a full blown migraine prior to Botox, I had mild headaches consistently.  This all died down after my first treatment.  The needle itself does not hurt, but the actual injection of botox does a little.  If you have anxiety from needles, I would make sure you have an allotted time after the treatment to lay down.  It definitely is worth the shots for a better quality of life."
"This works so well, a lot of the reviews I am reading seem to not be good. There was no itching and burning and it sucks at first but it is just the medication doing its job. It went away the next day for me. I highly recommend this for anyone with a YI."
"I have been on Depakote for 13 years after I had 2 grand mal seizures in one year. After being placed on the Depakote delayed release I have been fine ever since, there was a time that I tried the extended release and my legs started to show some spikes so I switched back to be on the safe side which was the better call. I also use the sprinkles. As for the weight gain I never really gained more than about ten pounds but I stay active and mainly keep it off, my doctor also put me on Topamax which helps balance out the weight gain because Topamax makes you lose weight and Depakote makes you gain so they both kind of cancel each other out. Topamax also helps with seizures so it was an addition, and I have been seizure free for 13 years."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 for about 8 months. Since I&#039;ve been on it I have lost my sex drive, can&#039;t sleep, slurred speech, headaches, you name it. I was happy to see other users have had similar side effects. I have been going crazy thinking something was wrong and now I know it&#039;s the pill! I have to say an upside to the pill is I started with short, light periods and now I don&#039;t even get my period at all. But the side effects are just too much to handle so I&#039;m getting off this pill."
"I&#039;m a 44 yr. old female and I&#039;ve taken 50mg of Zoloft for 3 weeks now. I&#039;m grateful for it. It&#039;s helped depression, OCD, PTSD, anxiety, panic attacks, terrible thoughts, mood swings, and my urge to drink alcohol. The biggest relief of all is that it&#039;s helped my PMDD! I felt a weird feeling in my legs, at night, for a bit, but that seems to have gone away a few nights ago. I have dry mouth and chew gum to help. I feel lifted, happier, calmer, make better choices and feel clearer in my thought process and more alert and aware. Pre-menopause/PMDD, can cause you to feel like your going crazy...you&#039;re NOT, it is HORMONAL. Ask your doctor about this! Wish I had 4 yrs ago, it is working for me and maybe it can help others. Good luck!"
"This is the worst birth control. The cramps after getting it were similar to labor. I was always dizzy and got depressed. As soon as I got it out the symptoms disappeared."
"I&#039;m confused about comments. Do most bi- polar 1 patients find Geodon taken before sleep helps sleeplessness? I have been taking Geodon the last 6 months and weaned myself off of lithium. The only side affect I have with Geodon is sleeplessness. Is Geodon more effective taken in the evening? I see my Dr.in a month, I will bring up patient responses to Geodon,taken before bedtime. I&#039;m willing to try! "
"I just got the botox done on my armpits as well as my palms. The hands hurt a lot more than the armpits but I%u2019m not seeing a difference. The sweat is still there and I still have to be cautious of the material I wear as well as the color. Also, I am still feeling a lot of pain in my hands and have muscle weakness. "
"My Cymalta pooped out on me and I was having suicidal ideatons. My doc wanted to put me in the hospital and I refused. She suggested I try Fetizma. It&#039;s only been three weeks but so far I feel amazing.  It&#039;s like night and day. Less depression, more motivated and hopeful. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects. I am so glad this medication is available. It literally kept me out of the mental hospital and possibly saved my job since I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed and called in sick often.  I hope it works as well for others who try it."
"I just started Tri-Sprintec and I was terrified because I&#039;ve been on several other birth control pills and none of them have worked for me. I had terrible side effects such as weight gain, breakthrough bleeding and outrageous mood swings. A friend told me about this pill because she&#039;s on it and she loves it so I decided to try it myself. The first few days I took it I started getting really bad nausea which scared me but around the 5th day it went away and I haven&#039;t had any since then. I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 2 weeks, and my period ended at the beginning of the month like it was supposed to, which was awesome and I was very happy about. So far this pill has been a success and I really like it."
"I took this twice a day for 5 days. Cleared my infection but made me tired, hot, and had shortness of breath the whole time. Had nausea the first two days but that went away. Allergic to sulfa and several other drugs so this was prescribed. While it worked, I don&#039;t think I would ASK for this again."
"This was placed in April of 2014. I have had it removed a week ago due to very severe back pain. I also had anxiety, depression and severe headaches. I would rather have the bleeding. My headaches and back pain stopped once it was removed and suspect that the depression and anxiety will also improve now. My MD and OBGYN did not recommend removing it, but I insisted and am glad I did. They were convinced the back pain  &amp; headaches was due to something else."
"I was taking 100 mg of sertraline. This medicine didn&#039;t really help with my social anxiety, in fact it made it worse. I also couldn&#039;t enjoy things that I enjoyed prior to taking sertraline."
"I have had moderate adult acne for many years, and over the counter never touched it. Besides the regimen was always annoying and time consuming.  I started this about 2 weeks ago after asking my PCP for something to help my acne, as I am getting married in May. I have seen a huge improvement in 2 weeks.  My skin tone has also improved.  I am very thankful for this medication and I use it twice a day.  It keeps pimples from becoming large and irritating."
"I&#039;ve been on the pill for about a year and 1 month now. This is my first birth control and I got on it because my periods were horrible and extremely heavy and also because I entered a serious relationship. I was fine up until the half year mark until I had spotting for 12 days before getting my real period 4 days late. Now I still have breakthrough bleeding right after ovulation which always causes me to freak out. Other than that the pill is fine. I actually lost weight on this pill, and I cant gain weight anything past 108. My sex drive is sometimes affected it takes a while for me to get into the mood and my boyfriend is supportive of it. Its just the darn spotting that irritates me."
"I took this with 3 injections and had the bumps/nodules which were itchy, but with my 4th injection it bled quite a bit and I developed a rash, swelling and bruising.  When my doc saw it, she took me off.  That night I was very sick in the middle of the night throwing up.  I have lost 15 pounds in almost 4 weeks but I do not believe it&#039;s the meds...I was still very hungry and it took extreme discipline to do this, in motivation to get off the meds.  I will do anything to get back to the weight needed without meds.  For now, I&#039;m going to try metformin for the first time."
"I was prescribed this medication for a kidney infection. On the third day I developed breathing problems similar to asthma, rapid heart beat, a burning sensation in my chest, and found sleep to be very difficult."
"Benzalkonium is the worst preservative ever.  I will not use again and will not use Allrex. The company can do better and has the assets to improve the product."
"I started taking this medication about 2 months ago. My doc had me start out at 40 milligrams for one week and then upped the dose to two 40 mg capsules twice a day. At the second month, I started taking just one 80 mg capsule around mid-afternoon early evening every day. So far the drug has seemed to greatly help my ability to focus and really experience the world around me. I&#039;m able to finally slow my mind to a cruising speed instead of an outright race. Strattera has made me calmer and more composed when it comes to social interactions with others and encountering stressful situations. Also, I seem to be getting really positive and more optimistic in everyday life making me feel as if the drug as some mild antidepressant properties"
"I have had type 2 for about 6 years and used the Metaformin, which with constant usage reduced in its effectiveness. I was told to reduce my Metaformin to 1 per day and take Januvia. I lost 12 KG in 4 weeks, most excellent, and then 2 weeks ago severe pain in my right knee... After many X-rays and MRTs I was diagnosed with Arthritis and told to take pain killers and consider a replacement in the next 10 years.despite both of my doctors knowing that I am diabetic type 2, and both knowing that I take Januvia, they did not inform me of any side effects and so I believed the information and set about studying what I could to to repair the damage..Then I had pain in my Hips, fingers, and cramp in the legs. Googled and found this site..."
"Have end stage knee arthritis and am scheduled for TKR in 8 weeks. I was getting along fairly well, working 12 hour shifts in ICU, until about 3 weeks ago. The pain, stiffness and muscle spasms in my right leg became unbearable.  I could only use the word &quot;agony&quot; to describe how I felt. I could hardly walk and felt like I was suddenly crippled. The surgeon was only able to move up my surgical date by 10 days. I saw an ortho doc this week for a possible cortisone injection but decided not to go that route because I did not want to risk the chance of a post op infection.  The doc prescribed Diflofenac 75 mg twice a day. I am flabbergasted by the results! I have never taken any kind of pain med that actually works like this med. It&#039;s amazing!"
"I have been taking Xyrem for 8 years now, and only wish I had started sooner. The first 32 years of my life were spent suffering from undiagnosed narcolepsy and constantly being exhausted during the day. After finally taking myself to a sleep specialist I discovered that, even though I would sleep at night, I was never getting any recooperative sleep.  They started me on Xyrem (and methylphenidate er during the day) and I feel so much better now.  The cataplexy and sleep paralysis are gone!  I sometimes wonder if I am building up a tolerance to it because it may take me an hour to fall asleep, but I love this stuff!  I haven&#039;t had many side effects, except if I&#039;m still awake after an hour and a half - then it&#039;s pretty miserable and nauseous."
"On Chantix, I&#039;ve experienced constipation, gas, and nausea to the point of vomiting three or four times after taking a pill. Cravings were curbed, but I found that I (and everyone else I know who used it) cheated about once a week - buying a pack of cigarettes, smoking one, and throwing the rest in the garbage.

I had to come home from work this morning because I kept vomiting. I&#039;m giving up Chantix and I&#039;m going to try cold turkey instead. The side effects are simply not worth it to me."
"Had a terrible experience with this drug. I would never take it again. This drug made me severely depressed to the point of suicidal thoughts. It also gave me a tight feeling in my throat. I Also learned that it could potentially create birth defects if your were to reproduce while on drug. I would recommend using a different option."
"Having had a complete hysterectomy when I was young, I&#039;d been a very long-time Premarin user until diagnosed with breast cancer. I had to stop taking Premarin. And I was back into the hot flashes, until the oncology department staff recommended Effexor. The first capsule (37.5 mg) made me woozy, but stopped the hot flashes immediately! I lessened my dose by splitting open the capsules, and gradually built up a tolerance. I now take one capsule in the morning and one in the evening, with no wooziness and no hot flashes. I can lead a normal life and am extremely grateful"
"I just hit my 6 month mark so I wanted to update my review.  While I experienced several side effects at first, some severe, they all went away eventually.  I am losing 2lbs a week up to 10lbs a month.  I&#039;m noticing there&#039;s a pattern for me of losing ~10lbs very quickly, then stagnation for a few days, then loss starts again.  I&#039;m improving my diet, but it is by no means perfect, and I&#039;m able to have more energy to get off my butt and exercise or do tasks I would otherwise procrastinate to high heaven.  As someone who has failed (a lot) in the past, this is a miracle drug for me because for the first time ever, I am able to know my hunger and eat without counting calories, carbs, fat, whatever and confidently lose weight.  Yay!"
"I have PCOS, and some of those symptoms include weight gain, hair loss, excess body/facial hair, irregular periods, and acne! I&#039;ve always had acne. Not BAD acne, but enough that it bothered me. The kind of acne that hurts and lasts for weeks! I got put on TriNessa only 2 weeks ago and my face is CLEAR!! For the first time in my life and I&#039;m 22. It was starting to get better within the first few days, MUCH better the first week, and now I&#039;m only 2 weeks in and my acne is completely gone! Just a few little dark marks and a few acne scars on my cheeks but no actually pimples. I&#039;m so relieved because you always hear horror stories about woman starting birth control and their acne getting so much worse before it got better.. but it didn&#039;t! YAY!!"
"Was diagnosed as hypothyroid and started immediately on Armour. Actually gained weight on it, despite strict diet and exercise. Always felt very bloated in abdomen while taking it and still felt tired. During the time I was on it, they reformulated it and I felt even worse. Switched over to a combination of Levoxyl and Cytomel. Felt more energetic and even lost a bit of the weight.  Armour may work well for some but it just didn&#039;t do anything for me."
"My Cymalta pooped out on me and I was having suicidal ideatons. My doc wanted to put me in the hospital and I refused. She suggested I try Fetizma. It&#039;s only been three weeks but so far I feel amazing.  It&#039;s like night and day. Less depression, more motivated and hopeful. I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects. I am so glad this medication is available. It literally kept me out of the mental hospital and possibly saved my job since I didn&#039;t want to get out of bed and called in sick often.  I hope it works as well for others who try it."
"I have found this medication to be the best by far of all the medications that my physician has placed me on for my condition. It was originally so bad that I was bleeding in spots and the pain was almost to much to bear.My condition has improved 95% since starting this medication.With continued use I hope in the not to distant future to be totally healed."
"Kariva definitely had its ups and downs for me, but the downs were so horrible I had to go off.

Pros:  I never got pregnant.  I stopped getting cystic acne on my chin and my skin was way clearer than it had ever been before (other birth control had been ineffective in doing this).  My sex drive was not decreased at all.

Cons:  My boobs went from a C to spilling out of a DD and tender. I gained 10 lbs and NONE of my clothes fit anymore.  My feet and ankles got so swollen that some of my shoes stopped fitting.  For the first three months I spotted like crazy.  After that, my periods were regular and not too bad of flow, but other birth controls had made me have a 2 day &quot;barely there&quot; period or not get a period at all which was way better."
"I&#039;ve been using this for a few years and have had a great experience.  More energy and I think also helped with mild depression.
About the odor- to ME it smells chemical and harsh putting it on, but once it&#039;s on can&#039;t smell it.  SOME people don&#039;t smell it on me at all.  SOME people think it smells great on me.  A lot of women who are candid enough to tell me ~really~ like it.  
The moral of the story is that the smell as experienced by the person smelling it is highly variable.  Clearly it has something to do people&#039;s biochemical attractions.
Note there are studies about women smelling men&#039;s worn clothing (without cologne or anything) and there&#039;s a wide variety of reactions and attraction."
"I have taken this medicine for over 10 years, so far it has helped stop the disease.
"
"Ok, I&#039;ve done everything in my power as a human to prevent and mitigate cold sores.  If someone told me that radiation would help, I would have done that, so when my doctor recommended Valtrex, I was on board.  He said the next time I get one, to come into the dermatologist office to confirm and then he would prescribe it to me.  Naturally, I got one on a Friday and had to resort to the walk in clinic.  I got the perscription 1 g/d for 5 days.  I then promptly changed it to two 2g dosages for 1 day as per a clinical study.  So far, I know it is helping.  Blister didn&#039;t just go away or anything, but the infection is calming down and I think it will heal much quicker.  It is worth it if it at least stops it from spreading."
"I was prescribed hydrochlorothyazide to lower BP. Within 2 weeks I had tachycardia and went to the ER at the VA. After about 8 hours the tachycardia went away but the idiots at the ER didn&#039;t see fit to take me off hydrochlorothyazide. So, within 2 weeks I had another bout of tachycardia and went to the ER again. This time I was put on metropolol and still not taken off of hydrochlorothyazide. Instead of tachycardia I ended up within 2 weeks with arrhythmia that was so bad it felt as if my heart was going to explode through my chest. I kept having bouts of arrhythmia every 2 weeks with my heart exploding with every heartbeat. I used a food protocol changed everything. D-ribose does the same as metropolol with no side effects."
"I&#039;ve been taking Gianvi for about 4 months now and at first I really enjoyed it. Now I&#039;m feeling nauseous, my breasts are swollen and painful and I&#039;ve had a headache every other day for a month. I&#039;ve also noticed a slight weight gain and I&#039;m moody as hell not to mention my sex drive is gone. I&#039;m so frustrated I want off this pill and back on my old one, Ocella. I&#039;m calling my dr and demanding to switch back so I can stop being a monster and enjoy my sex life with my fiance again."
"53 Feeling human again  ....no bleeding , breast have settled down after 3 months energy level amazing ... No hot flashes what so ever ... Weight gain now gone after 3 months .... Found it brilliant with my combination of vitamins ! Vitamin b . Krill oil . Vitamin c , magnesium , and several others ..also exercise is so important . Just keep your regular check ups with your doctor .....cheers and enjoy life xxxx"
"This medicine gave me SEVERE heartburn immediately after taking the first 2 pills.  I thought it was the spaghetti, but figured out it was the medicine after the heartburn getting worse every time I took it.  I never ever have heartburn or acid reflux, but this medicine caused me unbearable pain and discomfort.  It&#039;s just been awful.  It&#039;s been a full day since I stopped taking it, but I&#039;m still having some reflux, but that&#039;s nothing compared to how sore my throat is.  I can&#039;t swallow, eat, or drink without terrible pain. "
"This helps my fibromyalgia pain along with Lyrica. I hate taking the medicines but I hate the pain even more."
"For all of those who are hesitant to start... don&#039;t be. After only one day on Pristiq I became aware of how imbalanced my brain was and how totally irrational my thoughts were. I know it&#039;s hard to admit that you need it, but there is no need to suffer so much. I had almost no side effects (it is day 4 now) and I feel much more confident and calm, no more compulsive crying and victimization. They say it gets better after 3 weeks, if that&#039;s the case and I already feel great, I can&#039;t wait!"
"I was switched yesterday to Bystolic 2.5 mg and my doc said I could take it at any time of day, either with or without food.  Within 30 minutes of taking the smallest dose, I felt the extreme intoxication feeling another reviewer felt, dizzy, and foggy-headed.  I woke up in the middle of the night with my arms tingling and numb, several times.  Day 2, I&#039;m sitting in my office shaking my arms so they have some sensation to type, my feet are numb, and my tongue feels tingly.  I have had no appetite at all, but forced myself to eat some almonds for protein.  I&#039;m not over or under weight or nauseated.  I just don&#039;t want to eat.  I cannot gather a thought long enough to speak it from my tingling mouth.
THERE WILL NOT BE A DAY 3!!!"
"I had the Omplanon for just over a year before I had to get it taken out. I nursed my baby for a year and at 10 months I started to spot...nothing too bad, but then it just got worse. I started what I thought was my period that lasted for 2 weeks, spotted again, and then the cycle started again. It got really annoying when I could never predict when or how bad the bleeding would be. This went on for over 3 months, the day I got it removed, the bleeding stopped immediately. The removal was bad too, my doctor had a hard time getting it out because it had &quot;scarred in&quot;. I&#039;m on the pill now and MUCH happier!"
"This pill absolutely ruined my complexion and muscle tone. It triggered severe melasma in my face and aggressive cellulite  on the top of my thighs that I have spent thousands of dollars trying to get under control.  I have brown patches all over my forehead, nose and upper lip. It never goes away, the best you can hope is to get it under control. I will have to stay out of the sun for the rest of my life - and I was only 35 at the onset of this. In regards to the cellulite - I eat clean, I exercise daily and am extremely active. My physician agrees both of these side effects are directly related to this pill.  Unless you are willing to risk getting two extremely unattractive and incurable conditions STAY AWAY!"
"Before starting Accutane, I read through reviews online and I got to say... most of them scared the poo out of me. Intense side effects &amp; bad reviews. But let me tell you, I have been on 40mg for 2 months once a day, then 40mg twice a day for another 2 months &amp; it is a miracle. My face has cleared up so much; I am so grateful for this medicine. Yes, there are side effect my lips have never been this chapped in my life, my skin is very dry and I&#039;ve had minimum 12 nose bleeds (pre Accutane - never had one before in my life). I do have a month or maybe two-three left on it my nurse said, but I believe it is all worth it. I have never experienced any horrible body aches or any of the other horror stories. Stick with it till the end!!"
"Took clomid on days 3-7. I am 38, with pcos and have a large reserve of eggs as I am not ovulating.
Am pregnant after first cycle.
Happy, but scared to death at the same time!"
"Percocet does the job well. It kills the pain.  "
"Personally, I feel that the insertion is more about the anticipation. It definitely hurts, but it&#039;s really really not that bad..it is over so quick! I&#039;ve had it for a month now and have had a period for the last 2.5 weeks (it started out as spotting first). Cramps almost every day, but they are going away. I am confident this will pass. I will say I was really moody the first week (not sure if that was from feeling achy/anxious about it). No weight gain. No skin changes. Still have my sex drive. No pain during sex. Overall really happy (I haven&#039;t had kids!)."
"I&#039;ve been experiencing Hot Flashes for sometime now. My Dr. put me on Brisdell. This medicine did absolutely nothing for me!!"
"I&#039;m coming off the depo soon, hoping the withdrawal symptoms aren&#039;t as bad as I heard. Initially the shot made me bleed for the first shot, 3 months, then it abruptly stopped. If I didn&#039;t get the shot right away, it caused some pretty awful mood swings if I didn&#039;t get it the first day possible. Lost a bit of weight in the breast area, went down a bra size due to the shot. Otherwise, no significant weight gain. No periods is a big plus! But mood swings are pretty bad."
"I&#039;ve had the skyla put in almost two months ago and so far I love it. Insertion did hurt but not as bad as I thought it would and it was quick, very little cramping afterwards.

It&#039;s around the first month or so that I expected to get the &quot;adjustment period&quot; symptoms and I did spot for almost the entire first month. The spotting was annoying but that went away. I did get bad cramps when my period actually did come which is unusual for me but the period was really light and after a day just spotting. My husband didn&#039;t even notice when we had sex. No skin changes which was a huge concern for me, especially this early in the game. I did gain a little bit of weight but that&#039;s probably because I went off a hardcore cleanse from the month before"
"I have had crippling lethargic depression. And was sleeping my whole life away. I have been taking methylphenidate for 8 years. I&#039;m very hyper. No bipolar but have had add, ptsd, depression and some hypomania. I think methylphenidate has helped me with all these symptoms. I can focus. Do what needs to get done. Clean my apartment. Not sleep 24/7 anymore. I&#039;m calm. And have a much better life. More energy and I&#039;m happy!"
"Started Lexapro 5  weeks ago for General Anxiety Disorder.
After going through the anxieties for 3  weeks, and then feeling emotionally flat for about a week plus, things just started getting better. The worrying thing about and obsessing over the medications &quot;mental&quot; side effects eased off.
It&#039;s easier now to take things as they come, talk and interact with others, and I feel at peace with myself for the first time in years!
Anyone considering stopping this medicine during the 1st few weeks, give it time, it actually does get better. I nearly stopped but kept with it, and now I&#039;m actually happy again! Everyone is saying it&#039;s nice to see me smile again."
"DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION - EVER!  Should be illegal.  Went to the urgent care during the holidays w/chest congestion, cough, low grade fever, &amp; sinus headache on Monday.  Told the doctor I was starting a 8 day cruise on Thursday.  She gave me a 10 day, 750 mg tablet of Levoquin. Had a dull ache in my right side after a couple of days on the cruise, which seemed to progress every day.  When I got home, I was  favoring my right shoulder.  2 nights ago the pain was so bad I couldn&#039;t move it &amp; it was very swollen. Went to emergency and was diagnosed with Tendonitis caused by the Levoquinn.  Read drug info &amp; horrified that doctor prescribed it to me, 60 yr. old, without trying any other treatment first. So many warnings on this drug."
"So far so good. I&#039;m just on my first pack and I feel fine. I&#039;m not getting the symptoms other reviewers are talking about. Maybe because before I started taking this I was pregnant and no side effects compare to morning sickness 24/7 (remember that ladies "
"I rook risperidone for approximately 1 year for bipolar and although I liked the way it made me feel it increased my hunger and I felt more out of control with my eating. I switched to Latuda and noticed my hunger level went from a 8 to about a 2. I felt more in control of my food intake. Although I still felt hungry it wasn&#039;t a strong uncontrollable feeling of the need to eat. I recommend this to someone who likes risperidone but has less need for increased appetite. I am glad they approved this medicine for bipolar disorder. "
"I have been on Xanax 1mg twice a day and it has been a God send. I suffer from panic attacks and actually had to be hospitalized, I was placed on Klonopin and then I was switched to Xanax first at 0.5 mg than to 1mg it&#039;s a wonderful medicine however be very aware of this medicine being very addictive."
"Ladies, consider using a probiotic simultaneously with your bv antibiotic to maintain good bacteria. More usually found in health food stores and refrigerated. I used a suppository called FeminaFlora."
"Yasmin made my skin worse then what it already was, my moods were a bit better but I didn&#039;t see a huge change, for me this pill didn&#039;t work"
"tremendous help with dizziness associated with vertigo"
"This is the perfect medicine to help get over UTI symptoms.

Now remember, this medication is only a pain reliever. If you have any of the symptoms that Uricalm relieves, go see a doctor!!
If you have an infection you MUST to take antibiotics or it will only get worse and enter your kidneys...(which can be way way way more painful than a bladder infection) Uricalm does not treat underlying problems.
But, is a life saver in the healing process!!!! 
I immediately lost the urgency of having to urinate, I was able to urinate and feel like I had emptied my bladder completely, and the burning sensation was gone. 
I Highly recommend it if your struggling with harsh symptoms."
"I hear people rave about Provigil and I was excited to try it. Unfortunately it did not help me. I slept just as much as I did taking no medication at all. I am still in testing and trying different medications. Hopefully I will find one that will help me stay awake eventually."
"I have suffered migraines for decades. So far this blue pill works the best. The rebounds (if they occur at all) are mild compared to the monster rebound headaches I used to get from Imitrex."
"I haven&#039;t slept through the night in over a year due to back stiffness.  I&#039;ve been on this medication for four days and I can&#039;t tell you happy and rested I am!  I highly recommend this medication for AS."
"Obviously no antibiotic is going to be easy but this is tolerable. I am allergic to penicillin so I always get prescribed biaxin. It always clears up my infections, the only down side is the horrible bitter taste. My best advice besides chewing gum / mints in between is eat dark chocolate before &amp; after - it actually does help subside the bitter taste! Also take the probiotic pearls with each dosage, it should help your stomach and prevent diarrhea. Eat as much yogurt as possible or drink Kefir milk -- kefir milk is the best probiotic you can take. It works wonders! You may get some minor headaches / stomach discomfort the first couple days, but let your body adjust and you should be fine. Its definitely tolerable, compared to other meds."
"I love this pill. I still have cramps but they went from lasting 3 days to just one. I go through way less tampons and pads. I can make it through the night without bleeding everywhere. The best benefit of all: I am no longer moody. I feel like myself all month long. I am in LOVE with sprintec"
"I have been on tamoxifen for almost a year now. I experience hot flashes. Which can be unbearable at times. I have joint pain which make it hard to walk. I  also have gain about 10 to 15  pounds since I have been taking this medicine."
"This medication does work you just have to be patient. At first you&#039;re going to peel and be all red in the face,everytime I woke up and saw myself in the mirror I felt horrible from all the dryness but after sometime it does get better . I can truly say my skin is clearer and I see less acne as time goes by. The key point with this medication is patience at first you&#039;re going to look like a monster but after a few months you&#039;ll be looking Like a princess."
"I have been takining Wellbutrin for a month and only seen a slight improvement.  I see the md in the am and going to ask for an increase in dosage.   Currently I take 75mg once a day.  I am sensitive to medications and the md wanted to start low and go slow.  Hopefully with the increase it will help out.  I rated it 7 because the only side effect that I experienced was a headache"
"This is an update to my previous review. I have now been on Contrave for three months, and in that time I have lost 35 lbs (goal is 130 lbs total). The first two weeks were horrible, then the side effects subsided. When I consciously watch my diet, I lose very steadily. Even if I don&#039;t, I usually lose 2 lbs a week. My life before Contrave was constantly thinking about food, snacking, and looking for the next &quot;fix.&quot; Now I get hungry, but not famished. I can eat when I am hungry and rely on my body to give me cues- before, that was a foreign concept to me. For once, I feel like I am in control and that I can see this through to the end, and get to a healthy weight, which I have never been able to do. If you are obese, consider it."
"Works great for blood pressure but had to stop because of the side effects.  Dry mouth and sleepiness day and night.  Would forget things.  But, the worse was the libido and impotence.  No interest in sex whatsoever.  At 50 that&#039;s not a good thing."
"I have used Rynatan for the past several days and found that it has lessoned in severity and times per day of my cluster headaches. So far, no side effects."
"I really like this medicine it&#039;s only been about 3 weeks and I&#039;m feeling good, but for the last 2 weeks I have had a bloody nose everyday. So I have decided to stop taking it as of today and ask my doctor for a different prescription"
"I started taking Vyvanse about 4 months ago and I have never felt better in my whole life.  I have no interest in food when I have it in my system for about 7 hours, but what I do to keep myself healthy and not having my blood sugars go high and low, is to eat breakfast and then have some fruit in the afternoon. Then I make myself a regular dinner. It is healthy, good food in portions. I don&#039;t eat out anymore, which is a big help, since that is where you eat too much food that is too high in fats and sodium.  Eat a lot food with protein, so you fill up. As a dessert at night, I eat an ice pop, so I get that sweet taste.  Not only have I lost 30 lbs. but, I feel healthier and energized. Also my depression is gone."
"I&#039;ve been taking Reclipsen for a year. I switched to Reclipsen because my other birth control was giving me spotting during the month. Reclipsen helped that but now I have no sex drive at all which is really annoying. I get at least one horrific migraine before I start my period and I&#039;m super emotional. I thought all these things were just me but after reading the other reviews I realize that it might be my BC. I never realized it could have these side effects. I&#039;m going to try to switch to another type at my next appt with my OBGYN."
"I had been taking Plavix without any side effects since experiencing transient ischemic stroke, but was advised by my doctor to try Aggrenox because a clotting test raised a question whether Plavix was effective. To start with I took one dose per day because I had had been advised to expect headaches until my body adjusted.  I felt my head was going to explode and got extremely nauseated. I took it for three days.  The headaches got worse, and I became nauseous, and my blood pressure went very high. I now list Aggrenox as a medication that I am allergic to because of the severe side effects. I continue to use Aspirin, Plavix and other medications to try to prevent strokes."
"I have been on Sprintec for a year. I have found that if I go off of it I am extremely unbalanced chemically but once I go back on it I am back to my normal perky self. However do watch your blood pressure. I&#039;m only 19 and I found that I have been having difficulty keeping that controlled. Even my doctor said that sometimes birth control will affect the blood pressure."
"My first experience was when I quick smoking.  7 months after I had stopped I developed severe anxiety and panic attacks.  It took 3 months to figure out what was going on.  The neurosurgeon prescribed it to me and told me to take it immediately and call back in 30 minutes.  O M G!!!   What a miracle that was.  I took it for 2 months, switch to Zoloft, then back to the Cigs.  Thank God for E-Cigs.  

Now several years later.  Tinnitus hit me.   Mine is very weird as it comes and goes in cycles.  After seeing every doctor known to man, my ENT finally had me try Xanax so I could sleep at night.  OMG...what a difference.  

I take .5mg at bedtime every-night.  I sleep find.  Feel great.  And generally in a good mood."
"Absolute HELL. From the word go, I had disgusting side effects. I experienced terrible cramps EVERY day for the first 8 months. Then when I thought they had settled down, I suddenly started getting severe pain, which I would have said were as bad as labour contractions. I could not move and felt dizzy and sick when this was happening. My sex drive disappeared entirely. Not to mention, I developed vaginal and urinal infections every time I did have sex. My moods were also crazy. I became severely depressed and suicidal, but also my anger became so extreme that I would smash and break everything and even hit my partner in fits of unexplainable rage. As a result, I had to receive psychological help from doctors. It totally ruined my life!"
"I&#039;ve been on Qysmia for a week. I&#039;m 42, f, 5&#039;0 @160lbs. Tried trainers, diets, lipo, nutritionists, weight watchers, etc and have only seen my weight steadily increase towards my family&#039;s inevitable diabetic history.

I&#039;ve had the mild headache the first 2 days although I&#039;m not sure how much of it was real and how much of it was me being overly sensitive to the long list of side effects. I drank more water and felt better.  Definitely didn&#039;t sleep well but took a mild homepathetic remedy for that and that&#039;s improved. Felt a little dizzy a few times but nothing that would deter me. I&#039;d rather lose this weight than fret over being dizzy. I&#039;m down 3.2lbs in 7 days. I&#039;ll update as I go. Good luck everyone and drink plenty of water!"
"I have been on Brintellix for 9 months, and it has helped my depression tremendously, although the nausea side effect has never gone away.  I have had to take a 4mg Zofran one to two times a day.  At my annual physical, my GP told me to get off the Zofran because there are no studies for long term use of Zofran, and there is a serotonin receptor inhibitor in it.  I take 20mg of Brintellix.  I decide to give it a try, and I can&#039;t stop vomiting.  It is so bad that I took the Zofran to control it.  Today I took a half tablet, and I feel like I&#039;m going to vomit at any time.  I took today&#039;s dose with food.  Has anyone else had this?"
"I&#039;ve been taking it for a few months now, and love it. I&#039;ve never had sleep problems before, though I always remember being tired around midday, especially since I began working in an office. After taking melatonin regularly, I don&#039;t notice it at all. One thing to note, I&#039;ve always had memorable dreams, and since I started taking melatonin, I have long, interesting, vivid dreams almost every night. "
"I like this medication!  I was scared to try it because I read all of the bad reviews.  I had been on Ortho Tri-Cyclen-Lo for about 4-5 yrs prior to trying Orsythia, and had no problems, but wanted to switch because of the cost.  No acne, no mood swings, no period changes. Well, I thought I&#039;d do people who are considering switching pills a favor and give you hope - you&#039;ll probably be fine."
"Most helpful of any I have used."
"Been on it for over a year (with a one month hiatus in there). First of all, I take psyllium husk fiber every day and have NO diarrhea...definitely recommend that people on (and not on) Otezla do that. Do get occasional headaches but not too bad. Psoriasis is under control. Had bad plaques but those are mostly red skin areas now. Biggest improvement on the face...which makes this worth it to me. I do enjoy the side effect of weight loss. Would definitely recommend that one with bad Psoriasis give it a try (and stick out the first couple weeks). Still need to use a few topicals as well."
"I&#039;ve tried every anti-depressant out there and for some reason couldn&#039;t seem to find one that eliminated my problems all at once! Depression, anxiety, panic attacks and a little obsessive compulsive disorder! Just to name a few. I&#039;ve been on Lexapro for 4 years now and it&#039;s the best medication of its kind out there. The only time I get a little anxious is if I have had a late night and a few too many drinks but that&#039;s expected. Anyone looking to take anti-depressants with basically no side effects. I highly recommend Lexapro."
"Within 2 days my bacterial vaginitis completely cleared up. I don&#039;t take antibiotics or any sort of medicine often and this is why, no appetite and some other side effects but would rather take that over bacterial vaginitis!"
"I guess it did the job and did serve as a birth control . But other than that, this pill did make me depressed. I was on it for about 8 months or so. It didn&#039;t really help with my acne, I think the first week of the pack (after the placebos) my face would be flawless and the rest of the days it would be breakouts. I was always always sad and crying. I got off of it mainly because of the depression. I have been off it for a full 2 months now and I am feeling MUCH better. Much happier... my face is clearer. I don&#039;t think this birth control was for me."
"Keep you from wanting to kill yourself  make you feel more comfortable just meadows you out keeps me from having  back  flashing. First time I didn&#039;t like bad side affects  the Dr gave me 50mg a day but I take 50mg bed time then I cut pill in half  late morning and early evening. First time  taking  make you sleep really good. I have know side affect. I like keeps you calm"
"I have been taking Viread for 6 years. My Hep B viral count has remained undetectable for 3 years now. However, I need to continue Viread in order to keep the virus in controlled. I have chronic lower back pain (for 3 years now) that continues to worsen. Exercise and rehab does not help. The pain has gotten to the point where it is affecting my daily living activities and I&#039;m only in my early 20s. I also have very bad insomnia.

Hope we will all be Hep B free one day. Will take a miracle, but believing is half the battle."
"I think this slows my heart rate down too much and causes the extra beats to be thrown in. I&#039;ve found that when I&#039;m at rest is when I have the issues. I&#039;ve gotten a 2nd opinion and was switched to metoprolol. We&#039;ll see if that works better. "
"I have taken Ambien for about a year now and sleep well, at least 6-8 hours every night and wake up refreshed.  I agree with others to not take until ready to get into bed because I have experienced the same experience of not remembering what I have done if I take it earlier then bedtime.  Works great for me."
"I&#039;ve been taking 50mg for 5 yrs and its brilliant. It takes about two hrs to start taking effect and then I drift off easily to a deep sleep. I was given this for insomnia. I have had no side effects at all and my emotional state is normal. I cry at a sad movie and laugh at a funny one. This tablet has literally changed my life for the better."
"I was optimistic about this med, as I was feeling pretty good emotionally. Unfortunately it caused me to have six seizures in a day, which is rare for me. I tried Lyrica twice on two separate occasions, this being the second, but we didn&#039;t know it was causing it the first time. Ultimately, I had high hopes but it was a big disappointment. Actually, more than a disappointment, it was straight up dangerous. 

Disclaimer: I know this med helps a lot of people; this is just my personal experience."
"I have been on Wellbutrin for over five years.  After trying Effexor and Zoloft my experience with this has been really good.  I was in denial about my depression for a few years after having some terrible things happen in my life.  I cried all the time and felt %u201Ctrapped%u201D by the depression.  I was also very moody. I never felt suicidal but had morbid thoughts about the weirdest things.  There were issues for the first week or so.  My mouth tasted like metal and I had major trouble sleeping. After a few weeks the crying and irritability went away.  I actually lost a few pounds and had no sexual side effects.  An unexpected bonus was that the jaw pain I had been suffering from for years completely went away.  I have tried to stop taking it a few times and the first thing that comes back is jaw pain.  After a week or so the crying and morbid thoughts start again.   Now my doctor says I need to try something different because Wellbutrin does nothing for anxiety.  I love my Wellbutrin so much I am afraid to give it up but I do recognize my tendency toward anxiety.  Wish me luck!"
"I have been on various forms of birth control for 16 years and have never had an issue with any of them. I was put on Bislovi because Gildess was recalled. It was a literal nightmare!! I was irritable, exhausted and I hate to use the word but crazy!! My breasts were huge swollen and sore and I had horrible periods. I stayed on it for 4 months because I thought I would adjust, but it just got worse. I am now on Junel and all is back to normal. DO NOT TAKE THIS PILL!!"
"This was once of the worst experience of my life. I was prescribed this to help with my mental health. All it did was make things loads worse. I felt suicidal, my anxiety went into overtime I definitely don&#039;t recommend this. I hope anyone researching this will stay well away. Dreadful stuff."
"I wish I had read all this information posted on this website before I began taking Sulfa. Had I known about these side effects I would not have taken it. Like many others on this site, this medication landed me in the ER. I was absolutely not able to urinate. My bladder kept filling up but no matter how hard I tied, I could not go. I was prescribed Sulfa for a UTI and given 10 pills to take twice daily. I started the pills on a Friday night, by Sunday night I was in the ER. The absolute worst drug reaction I have ever had. I would rather deal with a UTI than take this medication again."
"I have severe motion sickness with nausea and vomiting...room spinning....vertigo. ..i put the patch on 4hours before my flight and cruise works excellent for me without the drowsiness, blurred vision and dry mouth. ..
It works different on different people
But you wont know til you try it"
"I have been on it about a month. I&#039;ve lost all motivation to do anything other than sleep. I&#039;m nervous all the time. I can&#039;t feel my left hand. I have nightmares every night. I&#039;ve lost all desire to eat. My vision is blurry. My psychiatrist is of no use as he only works three hours a week since he&#039;s borrowed from another program and I have no way to get in touch with him. this is why I don&#039;t trust doctors."
"I am so thankful to be alive. I had a pulmonary embolism in Jan 2011.  They had my family in family room, didn&#039;t expect me to survive. BUT, GOD said differently. I am so THANKFUL.  "
"I got my Mirena 3 months ago by recommendation from my gyno and a few friends. I was warned how painful the procedure is, but I have a high pain tolerance so I wasn&#039;t concerned. Mine was inserted when I wasn&#039;t on my period because my period was random and lasted 2 days. The procedure only took about 2 minutes. 1 minute &amp; 50 seconds of that time just felt like hard pressure, more irritating than painful. Then the last 10 seconds were pretty traumatic. I felt like I was going to vomit and almost passed out. However, IT&#039;S ONLY 10 SECONDS. Later that day I went shopping and ate and was fine. Now I have 5 years of no period (it&#039;s already gone) and no taking the pill! Couldn&#039;t be happier!"
"PLEASE READ THIS:
Tri-Sprintec will cause an initial breakout for the first 3-4 months. DON&#039;T BE DISCOURAGED! After this period, your skin will clear up like magic! I&#039;m 20 years old and have been on tri-sprintec on/off since I was 18. I&#039;ve had severe acne since I was about 12/13 years old and have seen multiple dermatologists since then. Nothing worked until I went to my gyno to get on birth control and she recommended tri-sprintec bc it helped with acne. At first, I felt mild nausea and severe depression/mood swings/etc. but as time passed this went away. 
Each time I got back on the medication, I would have a terrible break out period but it&#039;s completely worth it. This is a great pill and I&#039;ve never had problems w it."
"I&#039;m just about finished my first pack of the generic version of tri cyclen lo, I&#039;m on &quot;Tricira lo&quot;. At first I was nervous that it wouldn&#039;t be the exact same but I looked up the ingredients and they&#039;re the exact same and same levels as the name brand. 
The first week I had really bad hormonal acne along my jaw line and slightly up my face, but after that initial week my face has completely cleared up and looks better than it ever has!!! It&#039;s much less oily now so it makes my makeup last all day now!!!! It has not given me headaches and has not effected my moods whatsoever but I have noticed a slight decline in sex drive. Overall I think this is a great birth control if you&#039;re looking for low hormone!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this med on and off for about a year now.  While it does well at keeping the anxiety attacks and dissociations at bay.  I&#039;ve noticed the room spinning a few times, and I&#039;m quite irritable."
"Just started medication. Continuous nausea 24 hours a day. Headache and now diarrhea. Still sleeping during day and night. Just adding to existing symptoms I already was experiencing."
"Been on this         Generic XR capsule 150 mg.just 4 days and have nausea, shakiness, blurry vision, insomnia, crying spells.
This is awful and getting off this right away!
Was on just before I started taking this was just 2 tablets, twice a day 75mg.
No problems of side effects.
Just wasn&#039;t working much anymore.
There is a difference on side effects!"
"I love this birth control. I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill everyday, I don&#039;t have to worry about missing a dose. This birth control is so convienet an effective. I&#039;ve had it for over a year now. The only negative is that I spot very lightly at least once a month for a few days but nothing unbearable. Other then spotting no side effects for me :) but everyone is different. The placement is a bit freighting. I&#039;m terrified of needles but this was not bad. They numbed the area with lidocaine first so I couldn&#039;t feel the big needle in my arm. I highly recommend this."
"I prefer the ER vs IR because you then only need one to two tablets per day."
"This worked wonders for me but I have an allergy to it, was warmed it would make me drowsy but made me have crazy anxiety and tight-chest. Problem was it completely eliminated my sciatic and lower back pain. Couldn&#039;t cope with side effects on 75mg so dropped to 25mg, still too harsh side effects. Moved on to Gabapentin in last 48 hours which has seen back pain return but no sciatic pain or tightness. I am allergic/have a bad intolerance to caffeine and it was exactly the same reaction. Sadly due to side effects this tablet didn&#039;t work out for me"
"Okay so the paragard work well to prevent pregnancy i had it for 3 years. Love it and it didnt mess with my period at all much besides increase cramps. But 3 years into having the paragard something strange started to happen. I dont know if it was the iud but im thinking it was cause a month after removal i felt just like my old self. I was so dizzy, headaches when i went to bed and when i woke up, fatigue bad, mood swings where i was angry then crying for now reason, i lost half of my hair it was coming out in clumps, panic attacks that resembled strokes no joke my hands would turn into claws and i seize up.  I had blood work done and even had dr. Think it was a brain or adrenal tumor. But no... IUD came out and 3 weeks later I&#039;m back."
"I have tried every NSAID on the market and this is the only one that I have found that works.  I have fewer bad days and more good days that are closer together."
"I started taking this medicine on 1/1/2016. I actually went to the doctor to ask Dr about Belviq which is another weight loss drug but Dr said it was very expensive and he said that he heard it was not very effective. So today had been 16 days since I started taking Contrave. My starting wight was 253lbs and this morning when I weighed in I weighed 238. Yes that&#039;s 15lbs in 16 days I was super excited. This is just the beginning of my long life journey and I hope it continues to allow this weight to come off. So far this medicine has not had any side effects since I have been taking it . As I continue to lose weight I will give you more updates."
"Works great for pain, without too many side effects."
"My experience on Spiro has been somewhat beneficial. I&#039;m a 23 year old female who has PCOS and has been on 100mgs for 3 months. My acne hasn&#039;t cleared up 100%, but my cystic acne has decreased at least 80% if not more. I still get breakouts though. My side effects are: extreme dizziness, needing to pee A LOT, my mouth gets super dry, my body is dry and requires more moisturizer on my hands, legs and feet. The dizziness is absolute worst though. I have to take it at a certain time or else I can&#039;t drive during the day, or I&#039;m up peeing all night. I&#039;m hoping with more time things will clear up more. I haven&#039;t had any issues with weight gain. I&#039;ve actually lost weight and have noticed a decrease in hair production in unwanted areas."
"This iron supplement worked wonders in raising my iron levels, when I had a massive fibroid tumor that was taking the life out of me.  The doctors were ready to admit me for treatment when they saw my levels, but put me on this to begin with, and it worked.  Went on to have a hysterectomy and I&#039;m doing fine now.  This supplement also did NOT cause me to become constipated which has always been my worry with iron pills."
"Have had administered for several medical and dental procedures.  Wonderful; very effective; no side effects."
"I used to take dulcolax with no problems, but today I took one tablet, passed stool  3 hours after with no cramps at all. But after 6 hours I had this sudden left abdominal pain, 7/10! I stayed on the toilet too long just passing gas and a bowel movement (slight), until I started feeling nauseus and felt cold and clammy. I washed up and just collapsed on my bed. Felt better After taking buscopan for the cramps. Never again!"
"I was on this birth control for 8 months and it wasn&#039;t until now that I realized my emotions were gone. I&#039;d either feel extreme anger or extreme apathy and nothingness. It made my cramps worse, I constantly got spotting days before my scheduled period. Do not take this."
"I wanted this to work so bad! I&#039;ve always been sensitive to Hormonal birth control so I had the copper IUD for 2 years but it moved it out place and cause me constant yeast infections. So after having that removed I tried the Kyleena hoping it being a low does option I&#039;d have no migraine issues. Well needless to say I&#039;m having it removed after just 3 days. Have had a constant migraine since 12hrs after it was inserted and am so nauseous. I&#039;m told this isn&#039;t a very common reaction but can happen if you get migraines easily, which I do. Oh well - no BC for me!"
"I&#039;ve had chronic constipation all my adult life. Tried Linzess, it worked for a month then stopped. Doctor started me on Amitiza (24 mg) and it is a miracle. I&#039;ve been on for four months now. After a life of 7-10 days between bowel motions, I now go comfortably 3-4 times per week. No pain, very little gas. It&#039;s a miracle for me."
"It&#039;s not bad at all! Just drink cold and mix with crystal light lemonade mix! It&#039;s just like drinking lemonade or lemon-lime Gatorade. Bowel movement about 30 minutes after first cup. I anticipated it to be so awful but just drink with the crystal light it&#039;s fine!!"
"this pill made me go from up all night throwing up because my back pain would not go away. then i got this slept for 8 hours. this pill will work wonders."
"Having lost a quarter shape size of cartilage in my right knee, so bone on bone in that one and in the left knee advanced osteo which hurts more than the right, I know about pain. Synvisc is the best! I take 3 shots over 3 weeks ( 2ml per injection) and it lasts anywhere from 3-5 months. The lasting relief is that I don&#039;t get pain from walking or sudden nerve pains in the duration. everyone is different but I just get the shots done, no numbing..that&#039;s just silly cuz it&#039;s only a needle for God&#039;s sake. Yes, I sometimes get swelling after shots but reading some claims about &quot;ruining my life&quot; and &quot;pain&quot; is really foreign to me. I really like Synvisc, it greatly improves my quality of life. My advise is to &quot;suck it up buttercup&quot; get the shots."
"I have onychomycosis in both big toes. The Jublia helped somewhat with one of two. The other toe looks no different than before I started the medication."
"I am a newbie on this medicine. I went to the doctor because had been for months, in a state of constant terror, like the feeling you would get if you were driving down the road and a kid ran out in front of the car. That feeling was with me 24/7. I had terrible nightmares. 

Since the first day I took Celexa, my terror subsided by about 80%. Day 4, I am a bit edgy, but I took a half Xanax and am okay now. Before I was taking four Xanax a day and I was still not coping. 

My side effects have been being more tired than usual, although today I am just fine. I am constipated, but a stool softener worked that out. I just pray the bad feelings stay away and I don&#039;t become non-compliant, which is typical for me. I always find a reason to stop medicines."
"It worked well, but is NEVER available. My pharmacy has been ordering it for over a month. Do yourself a favor and find something that isn&#039;t backordered for weeks at a time."
"I have had headaches since I was 13. I wake up with a headache and go to bed with a headache. I have been taking Fiorinal for approximately 25 years.  It not only works on my migraines but also tension headaches.  My doctor is very hesitant about prescribing this medication for fear of addiction but  I know how to control how often and how much I take. I&#039;ve tried many other prescription and over the counter medicines and Fiorinal is the only medicine that will get rid of my headaches with no side effects so I can function. It&#039;s very effective and should never be taken off the market or classified as a controlled substance."
"Have suffered from severe social anxiety for about 10 years, was so bad I would be sick 2-4 times a day, everytime I left the house, couldn&#039;t eat in public (or even in front of my family if It was a bad day), couldn&#039;t go on public transport or into shops, was a NIGHTMARE. I&#039;ve tried Prozac, citralopam, diazepam, st johns wort, 5HTP, counselling, CBT, reflexology, group therapy, hypnotherapy, Drama classes, psychiatrists, movement therapy....you name it, I&#039;ve done it, I went on Sertraline expecting it to be exactly like the other, make me feel horrific and then just dull my feelings, wow I was wrong, it is BRILLIANT, felt crap for a few days and I find it hard to sleep but apart from that I feel like a totally new person! I LOVE IT!"
"My 9 year old son has been on Vyvanse  for five years now he started out with 20mg he is now up to 70mg it works great my 5yr old little girl was just put on Vyvanse 40mg after trying numerous other ADHD medicines. It works well, I was on Ritalin for 25 years. I did not want my kids on that so glad the Vyvanse works."
"When I first started taking Bentyl it worked very well.  Aside from the side effects of being drowzy &amp; light headed it did the job it was meant to.  However, over the past year problems started to occur more frequently, thus stressing me out &amp; making the cycle continue.  I would up the dose but side effects worsen.  Overall it takes off the edge.  I give it a 7."
"I&#039;m a 57 year old male that has been clean and in recovery for ten years now. I have abstained from anything stronger than aspirin the whole time. Chronic pain had made it necessary to begin a closely monitored treatment schedule, but I was still losing a lot of focus on tasks at work and any motivation for anything but sleeping at home. After talking to the doctor we added 20mg Adderal 3 times a day. The difference has been amazing. I normally work pretty long hours and had been having trouble staying awake in the morning going to work and evenings going home. No more. Properly scheduling the doses keeps me 
active and focused my entire day. Didn&#039;t take long to find out that it increased energy and desire in other areas also. All others."
"I like to think of myself as a pretty normal 20-year-old and I play sports in college. Ever since my pharmacy changed from ortho tri cyclen to tri-estarylla, I have been depressed, crying, angry, severe anxiety attacks and more. I have been on birth control for my irregular periods since I was about 16 and had NO problems with Ortho Tri Cyclen. DO NOT TAKE TRI-ESTARYLLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Been taking Otezla for 3 weeks. The first week I had a mild but persistent headache, bad heartburn and nausea, bloating, and muscle cramps in my legs. By the second week the headache was gone and down to slight nausea for a few hours after taking a dose. PsA is much improved, lesions are slightly better. By the 3rd week I am having very slight nausea but the PsA is almost gone. My knees, back and hands and feet feel almost normal. Lesions are still improving but very slowly. I&#039;m still using steriod topicals and an occasional dose of Naproxen for joint pain."
"I started in1st of June. Doc told me to try and come back. Well you know day1that you took it but wasn&#039;t sure what is was doing. But 2weeks have past I feel great. Up and about.  No head ac or no through up. I know it works good for me no dreams.  Take it 10m when I go to bed. It has really help me. I was so depressed anxidy mad at things I seem now can&#039;t get upset I&#039;m happy"
"This did stop my cough all night after suffering from a terrible cough for 5 days but I have severe watery diarrhea a short time after taking it. My husband had the same cough and it stopped his cough, too, luckily he did not get diarrhea. The grape flavor tasted pretty good. Imodium stopped my diarrhea with 2 doses. I will save the rest of bottle for him but not for me."
"I took Aftera just 2 hours after unprotected sex. Now, 25 days later, my period is late, I&#039;m nauseous with two positive pregnancy tests .WOW. NOT WORTH IT. PLEASE use PLAN B instead of this. I had no symptoms after taking this (as compared to the cramping and what not from PlanB.)  Aftera probably packs their packages with sugar pills. What a terrible situation to be in."
"For years I thought medications could never help me to deal and solve my problems in life, which they can&#039;t. That being said my depression, which I never thought I had, was apparently there. My anxiety levels were high and I seemed to be acting out of my own way of thinking. Relationships were getting strained and friends and family seemed to be exiting my life. Once I talked with my doctor and he prescribed me 10mg first and then 20mg after the first week things changed. Granted it took about 3 weeks before I really started to feel such drastic changes in my thinking and my feelings. I started to feel like my old self again, happy, content, laughing with people and enjoying the person who I know is me!!"
"I&#039;ve only been taking Lutera for a week or so now but I&#039;m pretty happy with it. I researched a lot about it and I was super scared to take it. People were saying they were having severe headaches, hair loss, decreased sex drive, etc. The first day I started taking it my vision was a little bit off, things looked a tad blurry. I was a little more emotional than usual but nothing too bad. By the 3rd day my vision was back to normal. I&#039;ve barely experienced any side effects. From the reviews I thought everything was going to go wrong. I have noticed my hair grows faster like I will shave my legs and then by the afternoon they will be prickly. The best part was that it&#039;s free. I got it from my local planned parenthood."
"I am on my second week of Sprintec. I started taking these because I already have the Paragard IUD and it was giving me heavy periods, cramping before, during, and after periods, and I also had very thick stringy discharge. My doctor put me on Sprintec temporarily because the extra boost of hormones should help my condition. So far, the side effects have been minor. I noticed it is starting to help with my acne, and my discharge has thinned but it also has an odor. Almost immediately after taking a pill, I get dry mouth and start to get hungry. Eating small meals or skipping meals is not an option after taking it. If I don&#039;t eat a decent sized meal to calm my hunger, I get weak with nausea. I also get somewhat jittery."
"I have been on DepoProvra for about 10 years on and off. Too long according to my new OBGYN, and he suggested Mirena since I am not ready to cut the ties just in case I decide to have children in the future lol. I have a 13 and 10 year old lol.... But after insertion I had cramping and mild bleeding for 2 days. I have not had any bleeding since then. It has been almost a month! The side effects I am experiencing are breast tenderness, and increased libido. The shot killed that lol. I love it so far and I am very happy."
"I just started taking Celexa and it worked really good. I&#039;m happy all the time and my marriage is getting better."
"Worst experience of my life by far! First off you can expect to have side affects 4-6 weeks after you last dose. I had to be put on anxiety medication because I became extremely distraught. I had night terrors thoughts of hurting myself and other even my dog. I managed to separate those thoughts from who I knew I was but the emotional impact is so real. I also became paranoid that I was someone I was not! Best advice is first get on an anxiety medication so that you can deal with the daily thoughts. I&#039;m not saying stay on it forever just while you wait out those weeks. Other key thing is have somone you can call 24/7 and talk to about the thoughts that know how you are regularly. Luckly I still have my mother."
"I started this in the hospital at 20 after a few days they upped it to 40. I felt weird the first week or so then somewhat normal
 I didn&#039;t have an appetite for the first couple of weeks
 The major side effect has been insomnia.  I woke up at 2 or 3 in the morning.  I don&#039;t fall alseep because I have to get up at 6 and my spouse will get up at 445 am
I&#039;ve taking my son to school and then coming home and sleeping. I tired tea, melatonin and some liquid sleep aid but morning has worked to help sleep through the night
I dont want to take another medication"
"Dry cough started after usage began.  Cough was quite harsh and would cause me to wake at various times each night."
"It&#039;s so difficult looking at reviews because so many are negative. I have moderate depression and generalized anxiety disorder. I started taking antidepressants pretty young maybe 6th or 7th grade. I took lexapro, Prozac, and something else before I got on Zoloft. I just recently got off Zoloft to see how I&#039;d do without it and so far I&#039;ve been okay. Anyways, Zoloft was practically a life saver for me. I&#039;m not sure if I have experienced any of the side effects, but if I have they obviously didn&#039;t make much of a difference.  This review is here to say don&#039;t be scared to take Zoloft it might be the perfect drug for ya!"
"Tramadol does two things - relieve pain and alter mood.  It affects opioid receptors in the brain and gut, and acts in the same way as a serotonin uptake SSRI / SNRI drug.  So, it makes you feel good and acts like an anti-depressant.  For short term use (very short) it&#039;s useful, but it is highly addictive in spite of what the docs and FDA say.  The withdrawals are insanely awful if you have taken it for more than a week or so - since you are withdrawing from an opiate and an anti-depressant.  Unbelievably, medical professionals are still prescribing this drug as non-addictive and non-habit forming.  If you have serious pain - take opiates - resist any attempt to give you this drug."
"Got put in a year ago (9/2015) and a year later it is still great! Getting in did hurt but I had a ovarian cyst a couple months and it wasnt as bad as that (also never had children) more like a pressure then it was pretty bad cramps for the next 24/48 hours (I threw up but again not worse then the cyst) so after that fine. I&#039;ve gotten my period like 3 times since? I&#039;ll get some cramps but no period. Also re:acne I&#039;ve noticed my face is more sensitive to acne then it used to be but if drink more water wear less makeup etc it&#039;s fine."
"I was given Dexilant for irritable bowel syndrome due to severe pain after eating on my left side.  The pain disappeared and I felt great.  No more problems sleeping or getting up in the middle of the night for a bowel movement.  Then I started realizing that I was itching all over, but nothing was there.  There was a prickly feeling in my skin all over which got worse at night. I also seemed to have a sensitivity to fabrics including smooth microfiber.  When I looked up the medicine I noticed you are only supposed to take it for 8 weeks (taken 30 days) and that it has a slew of side effects including itching.  As much as it has cured my stomach issues, I can&#039;t take the itching constantly so I am quitting."
"I got my Nexplanon placed in March. Since then I&#039;ve noticed some changes. My period stopped and the first month after I got random spotting. A few drops at most at a time. Now, I get nothing. No period and no spotting! My acne hasn&#039;t change. I still get a couple pimples here and there. Really, the only change Ive seen since getting it placed, besides no longer getting a period, i started losing more hair than usual but I think it&#039;s starting to return to normal. Overall, I love the Nexplanon! I will say I know every woman is different. I would say try it and schedule a follow up appointment if able. If it sucks then get it out. You have so many options. Never feel stuck like I did!!"
"I was recently giving this in addition to wellbutrin to help with anxiety and depression. I was to take 25 mg a day for 4 days then move up to 50. right off the bat I noticed that this made me tired but when I took the 50mg dose my stomach got upset and I threw up about an hour later. Slept a long time. I woke up and felt some of the worse depression I had felt in months. I felt extremely tired, no appetite, angry, no drive, foggy headed. I&#039;ve never had any success with basic ssri&#039;s. I was prescribed this medication over 10 years ago. It was a failure then and it is a failure now. The only AD I can seem to tolerate is wellbutrin. I don&#039;t see the doc for a while until then I will be using other tools to combat my depression."
"I&#039;ve been on 600mg gabapentin for RLS for a few years.  Very effective. Cut back to 300mg 5 days ago. No RLS but OMG!! MAJOR CRYING SPELLS!! Horrible withdrawals!  Sweating, intestinal issues, fatigue. Not going to increase at this point but advise a slower taper to those who plan to cut back."
"My dad has been able to sleep again during the night, not up 6 or more times to the toilet, voiding large amounts. Back to normal. He is very happy. All blood tests normal."
"Those who suffer with incurable rheumatoid arthritis understand the willingness to try a new medication that could possibly ease the painful symptoms of RA.  I tried Xeljanz hoping it was the limited cure-all. I&#039;ve never paid too much attention to the commercial warnings as I am like many others that think, that couldn&#039;t happen to me.  We&#039;ll, it did.  I ended up hospitalized for several months diagnosed with e-coli sepsis.  In all fairness, this drug may be the one to help you.  Unfortunately, it wasn&#039;t for me.  Do take seriously the warnings that could develop while using this drug.  It CAN happen to you."
"Ahhhh, the dreaded drug...no matter what you call it, by whatever media-scare tactic out there, what isn&#039;t trumpeted are the success stories....why is that?  Does something have to be &quot;Negative&quot; to garner press?  And if so, why is that?

My story:  Two brain surgeries.  Manmouth amounts of pain.  I tried everything -- nothing lasted like this drug.  It has allowed me to go back to work, to live my life, to be a father to my children.  Screw the strange looks @the pharmacy...I&#039;m alive!"
"I don&#039;t normally review medications but Viibryd is my savior! I am 21 years old with terrible anxiety and depression. I tried a medication I can&#039;t recall before Viibryd two years ago and was pretty unstable but upon being put on Viibryd I felt I could be a normal person again. Over this past summer, I was taken off of it due to insurance issues and let me warn you, even forgetting to take it, within an hour past 24 hours since ingestion I start to itch and feel overall sluggish. That is just the beginning, the further symptoms of withdrawal I faced were very vivid dreams and intense thoughts of suicide. Works great when I&#039;m on it, but the withdrawals can be harsh."
"After 2 months,5 doctors and 2 dermatologist $3000 in medical bill, $300 for prescriptions, $200 over the counter meds and various  herbal remedies,Clotrimazole came to the rescue.Facial ringworms spread down the left side of my face driving me crazy causing major pain right in the Midst of me starting my business.Health care in America has gone to HELL."
"I was given samples by my gynecologist to treat menstrual migraines. My gynecologist told me that my migraines are the worst she&#039;s ever seen. Treximet is the best migraine treatment I have ever taken. Within 20 minutes (and only one pill), my headache is completely gone and it will not reoccur. I can continue doing whatever I was doing before the migraine kicked in. The only reason I didn&#039;t assign it a 10 was because I tend to get excessively thirsty along with a dry mouth but nothing compared to those horrible migraines. Completely worth it."
"I&#039;m 53 years old and have suffered with cystic acne since my teens. Remember Clearasil? Harsh. Minocycline was a Godsend in my 30s, but couldn&#039;t take it while being pregnant. Now, I get occasional acne flare-ups. I tried Clyndamycin, it was ok. I just started Aczone and it seems to be putting the acne to rest. My copay was also $100. So, I went to the Aczone website and you supposedly get discounted up to $250 if you have commercial insurance. Fill out your info and get a discount card online."
"I got Skylia put in 5 days ago. I&#039;m still bleeding pain when I pee in the bagunal area and my pelvic. No sex drive and I think I can feel where it is placed. Not to happy right now. Dr was very rude rough and didn&#039;t talk much about this so I have no idea what to expect. Still have terrible pain with cramps and slight bleeder."
"Not taking pills was nice, and Nuvaring seams to really help my skin, it&#039;s never been clearer. Not sure it&#039;s worth the negative side effects, however. I&#039;m really wet, all the time. I have to constantly wear and change pantyliners. It&#039;s extremely uncomfortable and a huge hassle. I also think this is making me depressed. I thought it was other factors in my life at the time I started using it, like stress from dealing with school. But after being off it for the summer (tired of the wetness and away from my boyfriend anyway) things went back to normal-including skin problems. I started on it again this fall and my skin is better, but I am very wet and emotional/depressed again, it&#039;s affecting my grades. Goodbye clear skin."
"I like the idea of this birth control. I&#039;ve only taken it for about 2 weeks. The first week I had really bad mood swings because my doctor told me to take it while I was PMSing about 1 week before I was supposed to get my period which I knew was going to happen. Then I recently started to get vaginal irritation from sex. I don&#039;t know if its a normal symptom when first starting it and my body is just getting used to it or what? I don&#039;t want to switch to the pill but I don&#039;t want to have a bacterial infection each month. I&#039;m hoping its just because I&#039;m new to the ring. Other then that I like it."
"I started taking this medication when I was in my early 20&#039;s for edema.  I take 80 mg a day for 20 years now.  If I miss a day I go up about 12 lbs on the scale.

This medication has worked wonders for me but it is hard to take if you need to leave the house.  I can pee up to 20 times in 4 hours.

Other than the inconvenience.  It is a fantastic medication for me."
"I have had psoriasis for many years (40) and have seasonably felt the conditions itchiness during the springtime.  This year, fed up with the condition, I used Ultravate liberally on all areas where condition exists, but this time, I also exposed the area so UV rays of 9 and above for quite some time, building up to an exposure of one hour in the sunlight.  Did not find suntan booths beneficial.  Where psoriasis use to be, now it is only an area that you can see, but it no longer itches.  I also use coconut oil on the areas to keep the moisture in.  After sun exposure, use coconut oil on top of the Ultravate and go in the shade and let the ultravate and coconut oil kind of dry up.  It works for me."
"I have a psuedocholonesterase Def. (allergic to normal anesthesia). I had a laparoscopic procedure done while under Diprivan and had no side effects from this. Psuedocholonesterase Def. can be deadly so check this out as an option."
"I used 2 tablets of Cozaar 25 for 2 weeks with no results.  Dosage was raised to 4 tablets which I took for 2 more weeks with no results.  "
"I don&#039;t think this drug does a whole lot for my pain but I think it keeps me from becoming depressed. It seems to work very well for stabilizing my mood."
"Have been on hormones for 25 years. Mom died at 59, Dad at 55. I am 79, still play active tennis = weight training- golf and do not have the usual aches and pains. If you do not have any serious illness get on the hormones."
"Its my 3rd day and I love the fact I can function and take care of my 5 month old without struggling. I&#039;m on the 30 mg only reason I didn&#039;t give it a ten is I take it at 6 am and by 2pm I&#039;m super tired again...other than that love it."
"I can&#039;t live without it. The best asthma medicine ever! I don&#039;t use my rescue inhaler ever, and I can sleep all night without waking up gasping for air."
"I&#039;ve been taking furosemide since my mid 30s, because of heart issues. Today I&#039;m 66! My experiences have mostly been positive. Only negative is; extreme urgency and frequency to urinate. "
"I started taking Sprintec at the very beginning of July. They switched me because they quit making my other Birth Control and Sprintec was cheaper. The 1st month period was regular like before and 2nd month was absolutely horrid. I had a regular period when I was supposed to then a week later started again-very light flow dark it lasted for 2 weeks but no cramping. Went to the doctor they said this was perfectly normal, a week went past no bleeding, then started spotting again, this lasted for 3 days. I feel like i have a loss of apetite and acne was absolutly horrible and i never had acne before. My periods before this Sprintec lasted 3 days tops and no cramping- started period every 28 days. Haven&#039;t had a yeast infection."
"Started having Tachycardia a few months ago and was put on this medicine...so far so good. Definitely has slowed down the heart rate, and at the end of its extended release period, I feel like I need to take another one....my older sister also takes it for heart flutters and her Cardiologist said that they should put it in the water supply...it&#039;s good for everyone&#039;s heart."
"I have struggled greatly with Bipolar 1 for many years. The past two years have been horrific for me. I am a rapid cycler and it has been so unrelenting that I have had to fight my company through a legal battle to stay employed through the ADA act. Finally I got a new doctor who discontinued me from taking Depakote, Klonopin, Trilifon and Trileptal. He started me on Seroquel XR which was too sedating and now I&#039;m on 40 mg of Latuda. It is wonderful! I have only been on it for 4 days but I feel human again! My appetite is normal and I am losing all my weight from the other meds. I want to socialize and don&#039;t feel manic or depressive. So excited. "
"I am 50yo and was on 1-4mg Hytrin for 7 months for urinary retention and disliked it. It barely made a dent in my symptoms, and made me tired and fatigued - muscles always felt weak, was frequently irritable and interfered with my sleep. Took forever to build up to 4mg. However, I still had a libido with few sexual side effect, which was a very nice surprise. Recommend trying it to see if it works even though it&#039;s one of the older alpha-blockers."
"Brilliant. After 40 years of bouncing from one medicine to another, this was my answer. It gave me the control of my own emotions, not fully, but enough. I&#039;m on a high dose, but the best thing of all is it just one medication. 
Nausea yes was there, but I found it worth pushing through."
"I&#039;ll be very up front about Mirena. I&#039;m 23 years old and a previous cervical cancer survivor. If anyone knows about cervical cancer, you can&#039;t just choose any birth control and I&#039;ve tried everything even NuvaRing which may I add got stuck. I&#039;ve always heard horror stories with Mirena/IUD and since I&#039;ve had my son of one year, I&#039;ve been cautious of what to use. So when I went to my last gyno, 2 miscarriages later, he told me its best if I gave Mirena a shot. The insertion was uncomfortable and some cramping throughout the day. I recommend also some pain relievers before you go. No side effects yet, but I LOVE MY MIRENA. I LOVE NOT WORRYING AND BEING ABLE TO STRIKE UP THE MOOD WITH MY HUSBAND AND HAVE TO DEAL WITH STUBBORN CONDOMS. 5 STARS"
"I too experienced the hell that other reviews spoke of , severe cramping , dry heaving , light headedness I had to open the bathroom door so my husband could find me if I fainted..this drug is terrible and should be taken off the shelves or they need to revise their side effects.  I kicked heroin cold turkey at home 2 years ago and I SWEAR this little red devil gave me deja vu I had the exact same symptoms. Absolutely nothing gentle about it"
"I was diagnosed with stage 2 hormone positive breast cancer December 2015. I had a bi-lateral mastectomy January 2016 just 3 days after turning 60. No lymph node involvement. I also didn&#039;t have chemo or radiation and started on letrozole in February. Didn&#039;t notice side effects at first. I think I was going through reconstruction with tissue expanders. This was very painful and pain meds helped. Since having my implants and no pain meds my joints ache, my memory is awful, tired, and hot flashes. Sometimes depressed for no reason and just don&#039;t feel like doing anything. Have lost weight by strict dieting and biking which helps. Now it&#039;s March 2017 and still cancer free. Also added another BP med and a cholesterol med and low dose pain med."
"This pill has been a real terror for me as far as breakthrough bleeding. Lately I&#039;m on my &quot;period&quot; more often than not.... I have the worst PMS symptoms. I ignored it the first several months but I&#039;m going on my 8th month now and so Ive given up hope. Onto the next one!"
"I&#039;ve been on the Depo for about 9 months now and am happy to say I will not be getting another shot. I received my first shot 2 days after giving birth. I have not had a period (besides the constant bleeding for 6 weeks after delivering) but do get get brown discharge instead which doesn&#039;t bother me. The only thing I HATED was the weight gain. I gained about 3-5 lbs after every shot. And it&#039;s been VERY hard to get rid of. I also have no sex drive. But besides that I haven&#039;t expierenced any other side effects."
"Not that bad, all my friends and family told me their experiences and now I am going through it myself. half gallon at night, and half gallon in the morning. Occupying the restroom every 5 minutes. I am just following through the direction... hope the screening is a smooth one too."
"I&#039;m 46 years old, on my second Mirena and will be eagerly lining up to have my third fitted next year. During my mid 30&#039;s I began to experience heavy periods to the point they were interfering with my ability to leave the house. My doctor recommended Mirena. It took many months to settle down (4-6 if memory serves) and I was at the point where I wanted it out but my doctor told me to wait another month and sure enough the daily spotting stopped. 

Mirena has worked wonders for me. I love the freedom and convenience of not having periods."
"I am on my 6th week with Trulicity .75 and Janumet 50/1000. My numbers have vastly improved. I had been on the Janumet alone for a while but that made me have some terrible stomach issues. I had asked the doctor if I could discontinue the Janumet, but because my A1C was 12, she said not yet. The last 2 weeks though, and especially this last week, the stomach issues have returned and seem to have worsened. I will discuss this with my doctor but was wondering if anyone else has had this or a similar experience."
"This medicine is a double edged sword. On my first attack I used it for a week, 50mg 3xdaily, with no results. After missing work, and getting absolutely fed up with the pain, I did something that I normally would never do, I changed the way I took this medicine. 
I started taking 2 50MG pills in the morning, then 2, 5-6 hours later, then, if needed, 2 at midnight. The first dose really helped, the second almost got rid of the attack entirely. I had to take 2 in the middle of the night on the first day, but by the next day my pain was almost gone and I could walk. Now, I did get rapid heart beat the first time I did this, so do at your own risk, but from what I have read 100mg is the max single dose, sometimes used for Rheumatoid Arthritis."
"I wish I had read these sooner. I had a similar situation as another poster here where my doctor diagnosed me without even checking to see whether I had BV or not, but he believed it was some sort of infection.

I am on day 3 of 7 for this medication and while the symptoms started out mildly, though I had a loss of appetite from day 1, the symptoms quickly increased and now I&#039;m experiencing flu-like symptoms where my body aches, I am constantly fatigued and even on waking up, I am still exhausted. My head hurts, I feel nauseous and my muscles are sore.

I&#039;m only continuing on with this medication because I&#039;m told that if I stop taking it early then things will be worse."
"The first time my doctor suggested Voltaren cream. I have osteo in both knees, right ankle and my spine. After several tubes and no reduction of pain or swelling my doctor suggested Pennsaid . The difference was like day and night. Not only did it reduce the pain but the swelling in my ankle was also reduced. When I investigated both products I was shocked to find that only Pennsaid contains a delivery agent DMSO that Voltaren does not . So it seems the DMSO delivers directly into the joint while the Voltaren only stays on the skin. Bottom line I will never spend my money on anything else going forward ....Pennsaid works for me."
"Seroquel worked in getting rid of my psychotic symptoms (voices, etc). It was a hard medication to go on, I would need to sleep 12 hours during the first week and I would wake up in that 12 hours in an almost intoxicated state. There was nothing that would wake me up in the morning but I think during medication changes it is important to listen to your body so I rested and in a week, that went away. I came off Risperidone in that first week as well so that may have contributed. The medication did make me sweat a LOT and it would take me a long time to cool down on it. My dyskensic side effects from risperidone went away. But I had to come off Seroquel in a month because I had an allergic 3 weeks in...watch out for tight throat/trouble swallowing."
"This is my second time taking clarithromycin for strep. First time I took it I hardly had any side effects and began improving drastically after a day, only down side was a metallic taste which I found well worth the pain as I hadn&#039;t eaten in 4 days. This time my doctor prescribed me amoxicillin. My condition only worsened and I took it for 4 days before getting another prescription. I took a tablet 4-5 hours ago and I&#039;m already noticing mild improvements. This time around my strep was severe and the swelling was a little obscene making it hard to eat food with it. I managed to get down 3 spoonfuls of jello and half a glass of chocolate milk. I experienced mild stomach pain that served more as a warning than anything."
"After more than a year of taking a pill every day I was tired of it so my Doctor suggested the ring. I am currently on my second month and it seems to be working fine. I&#039;m actively trying to lose the rest of my baby weight and it hasn&#039;t hindered me in the slightest. It has decreased my sex drive, but that&#039;s okay for me. My husband has a high stress job and we don&#039;t have sex very often anyway. It actually helps that I&#039;m not as aroused. Two reasons that I didn&#039;t give it a 10. 1: It&#039;s EXPENSIVE. One ring is almost $70. 2: I vomit uncontrollably on the second day. (Is that normal?) I&#039;m fine the rest of the month."
"Simple, lost 32 pounds in four months. Never felt better."
"I 100% love this product, I would most definitely use it again if needed. I was nervous at first before using it due to others experiences and reviews that were posted but i gave it a try anyways and im so glad i did ! My symptoms disappeared instantly. I used the applicator last night before bed and also applied the anti-itch cream after it was inserted, everything worked perfectly. No burning or itching side effects were involved. However, I would recommend using a liner or pad while your sleeping leakage DOES occur during the night."
"Chantix definitely stopped me from smoking. Within days of starting the medication, the number of cigarettes I was smoking during the first week dwindled down to zero. I liked that the medication makes the satisfaction of smoking go away and the taste/smell of cigarettes absolutely horrible. However, the only major side effect I experienced was depression. It was getting so bad I had to stop taking Chantix after the second week. Even though I stopped early, I still do not want to smoke and the depression went away. I feel great. Because of the side effects, I couldn&#039;t give the medication a higher rating than 8. Instead of thinking about taking it off the market, they should improve it so that side effects such as depression are lower."
"Only took one pill. The next morning the room around was movind back and forth. Scared me. I threw the rest away. I took this as a warning and in my opinion it should be taken off the market."
"I started taking Tri Sprintec as my first birth control. I needed something that was going to take away my nausea and vomitting when it came time for my period to start. It did just that. But now I&#039;m nauseous all the time, I have terrible cramps all of the time. I have terrible, terrible mood swings. Not to mention the weight gain and my boobs got bigger. Now the boobs getting bigger part isn&#039;t bad, it&#039;s painful when your breasts are just really tender all of the time. Not to mention sex became painful while taking this. I do not recommend this drug. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 months now and I hate it. 3 months of pure suck. I&#039;ll definitely be getting a different pill on my next appointment."
"Today was my first day on Vyvanse 20mg and it was incredible how much it helped my ADD symptoms! I felt motivated, confident, energetic, and very focused. I was able to complete a ton of school work in such a small amount of time. It feels like I get zoned in when I work on things, even if they&#039;re things I don&#039;t enjoy. My vision had major changes which was weird because it was like my eyes were finally opened?? My vision was so bright and colors were EXTREMELY vivid, it was like the whole world around me was alive. Effects of the medication started after just 10 minutes of taking it and it really kicked in about 1 hour after that. Would definitely reccomend."
"I had ended up in the ER a few times with weird problems like not being able to catch my breath and hyperventilating before I even new they were panic attacks. They started me on Ativan but it made me so hyper and loopy I literately forgot a few days so when I was put on Valium it was a God send. It prevents and treats panic attacks without the loopy feeling and It doesn&#039;t affect my ability to perform daily activities so I&#039;d recommend it to anyone seeking this type of help."
"I have COPD with overlying asthma and bronchospasm. My doctor has had me on a combination of alupent and atrovent inhalers for 8 years. I take two puffs each 3 times a day. They work great in a combo. Doctor has prescribed many other or given me samples nothing has worked as good or better than this combination."
"For some stupid reason I drank a half a bottle of Mt Dew before I realized the time had come for me to drink my first dose of the Suprep. I was already feeling full from Mt Dew and a cup of chicken broth. It was very difficult to chug it down. I am not a fan of Gatorade and this was like Gatorade on steroids. I got through it. Drank my first big gulp of Suprep at 2:15 p.m. tried to drink some more water but felt like I would vomit so I started sipping the extra water they tell you to drink. Half way through the first 16 oz and about 45 minutes into my anticipation, I had a mild twinge, was outside and had to cut my husband short. Barely made it to the can and here I sit my with laptop just like everyone else said. Use some A&amp;D as advised!"
"This drug seems to work for me and get rid of the symptoms of bv, the smell and the itch however the bv itself seems to come back so I think it clears the symptom but doesn&#039;t cure the problem in my body."
"Was using Efudex which had harsh side effects (redness, sewlling). Doc then switched me to Carac - in same chemical class as Efudex but milder, yet very effective for me."
"I just started taking clindamycin (300MG 3x&#039;s a day) for a throat infection and so far it has began to take the pain away, but being a diabetic, for some reason my blood sugar has sky-rocketed. Also, pay CLOSE ATTENTION to the directions. I did not drink enough water with taking it and lay down right after and I got a really bad feeling in my esophagus and chest. Silly me. Take plenty of water with this antibiotic, the feeling of a pill being stuck in your throat is not pleasant. And for diabetics, monitor your blood sugar closely."
"Great for period symptoms. However, I just started my fourth month and my acne is worse than when I went on this birth control. I have heard that it can take a while to kick in so I am going to give it a couple more months before giving up."
"Just took it this morning about 6 hours now I have jitters anxiety a little, just a little off right now hope it gets better soon.  I am on the 2 week free dose right now and I bought the 30 day . It was $98.50. Really hoping this works and these side effct go away."
"I&#039;ve had RLS since kindergarden where teachers would tell me to &quot;please sit still for 5 minutes!!!&quot;. I grew up not sleeping a lot but it became extremely bad when I went to study at my university. I had a period of a bit more than 2 year where I slept roughly 1.5 to 2 hours a night. I was a zombie and I have almost no recollection of that time period. I also would have violent &quot;spasms&quot; during sleep (to the point that I even punched a hole in the wall above my bed). I now know that I suffered from PMDS and RLS. The doctor first started me on 1 mg but I quickly increased to 4 mg. This helped for a few months. now I am using ropinirole 2 mg retard. This works most of the time but some night I get an &quot;attack&quot; and don&#039;t sleep. Word count limit.."
"I smoked for over 12 years and about 12-15 cigarettes a day and have attempted to stop many times.  The only time I had truly stopped in the past was 7 years ago when I found out I was pregnant.  After having the baby I picked up right where I left off and began smoking again.  I finally decided that I wanted to quit and I have tried many avenues to include; cold turkey and Chantax and all didn&#039;t work.  I finally picked up the box and read the instructions and so far today it has been three weeks and I have not once craved a cigarette.  Many of my friends and coworkers smoke and I am around this daily.  I thought that me seeing them smoke or being around them while they smoke would get me to crave one but no.  Very satisfied, thank you!!"
"I started Nucynta 100mg 3x/day because I have severe back problems. Norcos/Vicodin were not working. First day I was on it, it took about an hour to kick in (about 12am I got my prescription at 11pm). I had had bizarre/violent dreams. I took it before work (I didn&#039;t drive) and I have a desk job. I spent most of the day drooling. Day 2 great night sleep, no bizarre dreams fell asleep no problem. Went to work and was hot and sweaty (the office was at 69 degrees and it was raining), worst dry mouth you could imagine. No appetite and drank a ton of water. Day 3 diarrhea, sweaty, no appetite. As for the pain management it worked better than Vicodin but I still feel a burning."
"I tried Cipralex for 6 months, then Wellbutrin XL for 4 months.  They helped but still not able to function ( No work, moved home, no friends, Not willingly leaving the house, avoiding social anything).  I was then prescribed Propranolol with the Wellbutrin, a gradual build up to 20mg over 1 month.  Now I am as cool as a cucumber.  Still a bit nervous to head outside but that is just thoughts and not a physical reaction.  No side effects besides weird dreams but that might be from the Wellbutrin.  The first time in a year since this all started I am seeing a light at the end of the tunnel.   I am 28, male, heavy drinker.  Alcohol might be why this all started.  I went from traveling extensively to never leaving the house overnight."
"I&rsquo;ll start by saying, this stuff has very mixed reviews. I expected it to either never kick in, or work way too well. Neither did happen, but I have been relieved of my constipation. I took 3 tbsps on Thursday 9/21. Nothing at all. Later on that night, I took 2 more tbsps just to make sure that it would kick in at some point. I woke up at 8:47 AM today, and I barely made it to the restroom. I&rsquo;m writing this as I finish my 30 minute restroom break. This stuff works wonders. Not only did clean me out well, there was no pains whatsoever. 999999999999999/10. It may take a little over a day to start, but it is MIGHTY worth it."
"Started this medicine slowly 25 mg a day for two weeks, then went up to 50mg for 2 weeks. Still did not feel much better, went up too 100mg a day for 4 days feeling lethargic, the fifth day on it starting feeling a little better. But, I started getting itchy all over and started a very small rash on my side near my butt, My doc told me to stop it, cut the dose in half last night and then stop. He put me on Tegretol today, taking my first dose at dinner."
"I&#039;ve only been taking Prozac for a very short while but once it started to kick in, it was like waking up from a three year-long OCD/major depressive nightmare.  I feel like myself for the first time in forever.  I&#039;ve tried other antidepressants and anti-anxiety medicines and nothing else has worked for me.  I&#039;m already having less obsessive thoughts and compulsions, and the crippling sense of dread, anxiety and panic that accompanies my OCD is lifting. I just started it recently so I&#039;m trying not to get my hopes up, but the preliminary results have been amazing.  I&#039;m so grateful to feel like a human being again."
"Got it 3.5 months ago. First 3 periods were 2 weeks long (which freaked me out) but this past one was pleasantly brief--just 4 days and way lighter generally. I was also really worried at first because the period pain seemed more intense at first than before the IUD (and that&#039;s the reason why I got it in the first place), but that too has subsided. They say to give it a few months and let your body get used it...that is true. I suspect by month #6 things will be even better."
"Suffering from mild ED, stress related,took 25mg , mood wasnt there and didnt work as i thought it would. Fell asleep woke 2 hrs later and noticed a full feeling  , two mins later it was on. I was pleasantly surprised, relized there has to stimulation for it to work right, just thinking  wont make it happen. Very happy with results. After first round my wife just touched it and boom it was on again,been along time since that happened! Remember if you take this mood alone wont work, get in there and have fun, it will work!!"
"I was prescribed this medication for chronic widespread musclepain(fibromyalgia) and neuropathic pain,and allodynia all over plus vulvodynia. It does take the edge off,and the pain is not as intense as it used to be, but still continuing sadly.  It did take away my sleep paralysis episodes,and sleep hallucinations, amazing for sleep too.Its a great drug, its the only one I can tolerate, I tried amytriptyline and all the SSRI&#039;s but the side effects been horrendous,and had a devastating effect on my functioning.The only effects imipramine have on me is some dizziness and drowsiness during the day, fast heart rate, and mild loss of libido, but other than these I feel its very useful with pain and sleep.The first few days expect nausea,and somnolence."
"I&#039;ve had it for 2 years now and I have had constant spotting or bleeding throughout the entire time. The dr told me after 9 months of it being in the bleeding should stop, but it hasn&#039;t. I still get cramps and I gained 20 lbs. My skin is extra sensitive to the sun so I burn all the time. My moods are better, my acne comes and goes. My sex life isn&#039;t at its full potential because I don&#039;t want to have sex if I&#039;m spotting... Which is all the time. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant so this thing works, so I&#039;m reluctant to try something else and put my body through another traumatic time. For now I&#039;ll deal with the spotting. Also it is super hard to lose weight for some reason. I was a 00 at the beginning and now I am a size 4"
"I have been dealing with depression and anxiety for almost 6 years now. I&#039;m a 29 yr old female and I have tried it all. Xanax, Ativan, Klonopin, Buspar,  Vistril and lots more!!! Valium was the only thing that worked wonders for me, an absolute life saver. My Dr started me off on 2mgs every 8 hrs. But that wasn&#039;t strong enough as my anxiety attacks are debilitating!! Now she has me on 5mg 3x a day, and I also take Abilify and an antidepressant.  This has saved me. I can drive and go out without feeling like I&#039;m gonna die."
"Really great medicine for my anxiety, originally my doctor prescribed this for pain, but I find its better for anxiety. Be careful and when you need to stop taking the medicine you need to taper off very slowly, or else. Very uncomfortable withdrawal syndrome - you need to taper off. "
"My doctor had me take Suprep the day before the procedure. The first dose was at 7am and the next at 4 pm. No food allowed, just clear liquids and jello. The first dose and water I drank too fast and projectile vomited. Had enough in my system to have it work within ten minutes after. Took second dose at 4 pm and worked within five minutes. Tastes awful but much better than the gallon jugs of other medicine that used to be prescribed years ago. Second dose went a lot better, but if you have a sensitive stomach drink this as slow as you are allowed."
"I&#039;ve only taken 1 dose and very reluctantly. The first injection seemed to have no side  or few side effects. Before I tried this I was on bydureon had 4 injections. It truly was a nightmare. Nausea  and horrible, bad diarrhea. Once I figured out it was the bydureon. I stopped it
 I&#039;m praying the trulicity works"
"I&#039;ve been suffering crippling anxiety since divorcing a sociopath and having life throw some seriously scary shit at me. I&#039;m a single mother with no family to support me and as I suffer social anxiety too - not many friends either.   
I felt less anxious quite quickly - and even had a few &#039;normal&#039; moments which I haven&#039;t had for months so I was hopeful. However, after just three days I noticed I was sweating more, and feeling agitated. Then I had the worst night ever of constant palpitations, panic, with terrible dreams when I did eventually sleep. I must have got up like 10 times to wee. I was super jumpy - a small sound in the night would have me almost hitting the ceiling with the sudden panic. Not good - stopped immediately."
"I was trying to naturally heal a YI using Apple Cider Vinegar, which was working but just taking too long for me (I was about a week into it).  I decided to try the Monistat 1 &quot;egg&quot; product.  I woke up in the middle of the night with extreme itching and burning, I had to shower at 3:00am to try to get this stuff off of me. The following morning I was so red and swollen I thought my lady parts were going to fall off. It was a horrible experience, I will be going to my doctor if I experience another yeast infection.  NOT WORTH THE PAIN"
"I&#039;ve had hip surgery which had alot of damage on my nerves and now MS. The Dr wants me to try 100mg a day and I&#039;ve just started 3 days ago so I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s really working yet. I am hoping it does but I do not think that 100mg 1x a day is going to do it. He wants me to try this dose for 2 weeks and see how it works out but I&#039;m not to sure it is. Yesterday I had pain so bad in my legs and feet I couldn&#039;t even walk at all it&#039;s horrible especially when u have a 10 year old and an 11 month old u can not be down in bed not even for 10 mins during the day. I was just wondering if anyone else experienced the same dosage at first."
"I just started taking Vyvanse today and have already seen an outstanding improvement! I am an 18 year old mother that struggled throughout high school, not because of intelligence, but lack of motivation to complete things such as homework or projects. I failed quite a few classes and ended up having to take a second senior year. Since my daughter was born and I now have a house to clean and all other kinds of &quot;mommy duties,&quot; I really found myself struggling. It was to the point of a failing relationship and disappointment to my family and my significant other. I was unable to just focus on a task and complete it. But today, I did everything I needed to do and then some and I feel great. Very pleased so far."
"After being on four different types of birth control pills in 3 1/2 yrs and having HORRIBLE side effects ranging from acne, hair falling out, spotting for months, to anxiety, to stroke-like sypmtoms and going to the ER, my OBGYN suggested Generess FE. I LOVE this pill! No side effects at all, other than my breasts have gone from a 34C to a very full 34D! No weight gain (other than in my chest), nausea, headaches, no &quot;foggy&quot; feeling at all. These pills are easy to take, pleasant tasting, and the light, 2-3 day periods are an awesome bonus! I am so happy to have found a birth control pill that works for me and doesn&#039;t have nasty side effects. I highly recommend this form of birth control!"
"I have taken this drug for over 20 years for chronic pain.
If I stop 1 person from starting this drug,  then this has been worth it.
Initially it was the best pain reliever I ever tried. Problem is it is very addictive and stops working. The only way to sustain relief is to increase the dosage. I started at 60 MG and wound up at 200mg. Unfortunately at that dosage over  the years causes brain cell deterioration.  Remembering things becomes difficult, like family functions.  In time you become a walking zombie and numb to everything around you. You will lose interest in life and become drug sick if you Don&#039;t take your pill on time. Your relief will no longer be there because it stops working after time. I am off now and have my life back."
"I was diagnosed with depression and panic disorder in 2013.  The first medication I was prescribed was Zoloft,  which turned me into a zombie.  My doctor then switched me to Effexor,  which had way too many side effects from mood and all the way to affecting my vision.  I was then switched to Lexapro, which was great and masking the depression but made me gain 30+ pounds in less than a year  and literally have zero motivation. 3 months ago,  my doctor switched me to Wellbutrin  and it&#039;s made the biggest difference in my life.  In the first couple of weeks my anxiety was a lot worse but that went away entirely and I haven&#039;t had any other side effects.  My energy is back and I genuinely look forward to the next day."
"I&#039;ve been using phentermine for 3 weeks and I&#039;ve lost 13 pounds with no exercise that being said I don&#039;t just sit around all day either. And I have not changed what I eat at all but it just makes me eat so much less and not be hungry. Also listen to the label when it says eat afterwards. Days when I took my pill on a empty stomach I felt tired and sluggish all day.  But once my stomach shrunk and I&#039;ve gotten used to my new eating habit I have no problems other then the dry mouth gives me bad breath so I&#039;ve been brushing like three times a day. Also I&#039;ve been told that when you stop if you are not on a good diet and exercise schedule you will gain it all back.. Just something to keep in mind...overall great product!"
"My 6 year old son has been on this medicine for 3 1/2 years. He has had some side effects such as overeating. He craves corn and strawberries like you wouldn&#039;t believe. He eats can after can of corn and crates of strawberries. At least it&#039;s healthy food, he isn&#039;t overweight. He also started having symptoms of ADHD and Autism (behavior problems). Most ADHD medication does not go with Depakote. We got the seizures under control only to have other problems. Also, you should ask your doctor to do blood checks every 3 months to rule out any other complications from this medicine."
"I&#039;ve had Implanon for about 14 months now and am planning to have it removed this month. Although I no longer get a period, and it is convenient to not have to take a pill every day, the side effects have not been worth it to me. For the first 4-5 months that I had Implanon I suffered some pretty terrible mental side effects, including depression and some pretty brutal anxiety. Previously I had never struggled with my mental or emotional health so I&#039;m fairly positive that it was a result of the Implanon. In addition I&#039;m tired far more often, I breakout on my face more often than I used to, and I&#039;ve gained about 20 lbs. Overall, I don&#039;t think the side effects of this form of birth control are worth the advantages."
"Honestly it worked really well for me and even helped take away some of my anxiety (stopped racing thoughts) but I started off at a way too high dose and had trouble with insomnia and some dry mouth but I felt the effects after about an hour and it really does last all day."
"Well, thanks to IBS I have to take these meds. Originally I was taking hyosciamine as needed for the pain which wasn&#039;t often...unless I was under stress. All of a sudden my stomach aches returned for no reason and the hyosciamine was no longer helping. My Dr switched to the dicyclomine and within a few days, I feel better. I am also on the FODMAP diet so I feel great today. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects as of yet but perhaps I&#039;ll update shortly with any changes."
"Viibryd is good for mild depression, OK for OCD, and totally not efffective in minimizing mood swings related to PMS. It took over a month to finally feel the depression lift."
"I used to use Nuvaring and only stopped because I wanted to have kids. All in all, it was very effective as a birth control. I did not have any side effects whatsoever. I loved the convenience of changing once a month, and I didnt feel it ever. Only thing, my partner indicated he could feel it during sex sometimes, but it didnt bother him. I&#039;ve recently had another child and was looking to get back on some control and immediately, I thought of Nuvaring again since I had much success with it when I was using."
"So far I have been taking this pill for three weeks. The first week I was just spotting. The 2nd &amp; 3rd week my period has been extremely heavy, with huge blood clots and very bad abdominal pain. Going to see my GYN again. Still have had my period now for 19 days. Very uncomfortable"
"Excellent experience so far. Quick insertion, minimal bruising, some soreness. My periods, if they come at all, are just a couple days of light spotting. My sex drive has been a little low (I think because there&#039;s no ovulation with this form of BC), but other than that it&#039;s been amazing."
"I have been on Lantus almost since came out, I use 50 units at bedtime and also I use Novolin 70/30 at 25 units at bedtime and 40 units in the morning."
"I&#039;ve been using epiduo every night for about to weeks. I haven&#039;t seen any results yet. I&#039;ve tried many acne medications before and my acne still isn&#039;t going away. i hope this will start working soon."
"I am 24 and my son will be 3 in June. I have had it since Oct 2009. I have been very happy with it. I had a few days of cramps and bleeding in the begining. But haven&#039;t had a full period since 09. Just about half way through my 5 years and I am contemplating having it removed. I have been depressed, gained weight, mood swings. I am thinking about removing for a few months to see how my body reacts and possibly putting it back in. "
"I started this birth control when I was 18 and have been on it for about 8 months now once I first started it I was so nauseous and had horrible headaches. When it came time for me to get my period I missed it, then it came the next month with the worst cramps I have ever experienced. My face is kind of acne prone and it cleared up a little bit but not a whole lot. I&#039;ve gained about 15 pounds and after I take the pill I get so hungry. My periods are about the same I&#039;m just a little bit lighter and it&#039;s like a day shorted but my period does come EXACTLY 28 days from my first day. I experience really bad cramps like going to the ER cramps and they got a little better but not like to the point where I have no cramps. I guess it&#039;s alright."
"I&#039;ve been taking lexapro for two months now for depression and anxiety. The first 3-4 weeks I took 10mg and I felt amazing. I had loads of energy and actually felt social for once. After those 3-4 weeks however the happy feeling faded and I was plagued with fatigue and unable to get anything done. I couldn&#039;t keep my eyes open in class or to study. So I decided to wean off of it and am now taking 5mg every other day. I still get the great feeling for about 20 after taking it, and then I feel fairly, but not as tired as I was on 10mg, and unenthused by anything. I&#039;m not sure if I want to keep taking it or not."
"I have adhesions related to multiple abdominal surgeries and some nerve damage as well. I was on Vicodin for 6 months and was referred to a pain clinic. Being a nurse I had seen Ultram used in the hospital with good pain control. I suggested I try it and stop the Vicodin. It was an incredibly easy transition and the benefits were immediate.

I too have noticed a definite mood stabilizing. I was having mood swings on the Vicodin that were affecting my relationships with others. I feel calmer and my pain is nearly gone at 200mg daily. I am so thankful for having relief. I think it&#039;s a wonderful drug."
"Made the cough completely vanish, but had a pretty bad headache couples with constant drowsiness and light dizziness. Definitely worth it, but awful when i have to get a lot done at night (which i often do). Overall: They get the job done, but it ultimately you must weigh the cough vs the side effects."
"I have had chronic hives for a year and a half. It&#039;s awful. I have been taking Xyzal for almost a year now. Xyzal works to eliminate the itching and rashes, but it makes me very tired. If I take it during the day I feel tired. If I take it before bed I have difficulty waking up and getting started. It also makes me feel down, just not myself. I have not found anything better to help with my rash outbreaks so I do continue to use it."
"Prescribed one pill for an infection, which I took this morning. Within thirty minutes of taking it, I was extremely dizzy, vomiting, and having heat flashes shooting down the inside of both arms.  Frantic calls to the pharmacist and ER, and I was told to go in only if I had difficulty breathing.  Four hours later and the symptoms have subsided."
"I have an abscess growing in my nose. Basically it is a puss fill pimple. Very disgusting to know this is inside my sensitive nose. I was prescribed 500 mg 4 times a day. Within the 4th dose I noticed the pain in my nose less and less. I am on day 4 and although I feel the occasional tenderness in my nose the meds are working. But...I feel horrible. I have constant stomach cramps, tightness where it hurts to bend over or reach for something where I use my stomach muscles. I have gas and I&#039;m bloated. I feel dizzy to the point I occasionally lose balance. So far I haven&#039;t had diarrhea, probably because I tend to be constipated lately due to other issues. I have though used the bathroom twice a day but it is a relief to go."
