"Anyone else, having heart palpations from being on this?..it&#039;s soo bad my doctor is concerned. That she is running a bunch of test,on my heart.I am only 36."
"I was put on Levora because I didn&#039;t want my period anymore. Didn&#039;t have any problems to begin with, my period has always been light and on time, it would just happen on days where I really needed it not to. I&#039;ve been taking it for exactly 3 weeks (started the day my period ended) and it&#039;s been great! I have no mood swings whatsoever, no weight gain, no headaches, and no nausea! My libido was already pretty high but now it&#039;s even higher! My breasts are a tiny bit sore but they&#039;ve increased from an A to a B. Only negative thing I&#039;ve noticed so far is that I have more breakouts than I used to but it&#039;s not horrible. I was supposed to start my period today but didn&#039;t so it could be working for that. As long as I have fewer periods. First birth control for me."
"I have a terminal illness, kidney failure. the times that I&#039;ve needed to calm down, easy worry, and calm my tight muscles-valium is the solve. I&#039;ve been taking it for almost 4 years, without additiction or compulsion to &quot;have to have it.&quot; When my back is against the wall with all my medical situations, this drug has provided for my lifestyle very well. thanks to all for sharing honestly on this site."
"I am 15 and this is the second birth control I&#039;ve tried. Previously I was on Ortho-Tri-Cyclen Lo and I immediately stopped that because it turned me into an emotional monster. I was scared to try this birth control because I didn&#039;t want to get emotional again. But I did try and I love it. I&#039;m on my second pack now. I have NOT gained weight, if anything I&#039;ve lost weight. The only side effects I&#039;ve had is breast tenderness and I get a little nauseous from time to time. But that&#039;s it! Also before my period I will break out a little bit, but after the period this pill keeps my skin clear! This pill doesn&#039;t make me emotional either. So don&#039;t be afraid too try it!"
"From the first day I tried this BC I&#039;ve had complete nausea and lost of appetite. I got on the pill for weight gain and still no change. I&#039;m not pregnant however the nausea is unbearable will stop taking."
"I&#039;m 5&#039;2&quot;-today marks 2 weeks on med. Started @192 now @183. 1st week did 0.6mg. Lost ~6lb, probably H2O? @1.8mg today but scale hasn&#039;t moved in days. Small needle-no pain. Few times had stinging-not bad. Dose initially @ night, switched to AM. No side effects 5 days, then had a bad migraine. No nausea like others. Appetite is crushed! Have to force brkfast &amp; barely eat lunch. I&#039;m &quot;hungry&quot; @dinner, but can only stomach a few bites. ~800 cal/day? No snacking. Few times felt dizzy, increased H2O &amp; ate protein. Constipation is main problem now. Senna tea &amp;lots of H2O to help. Little exercise now, but will start walking. Goal to be about 120lbs @Christmas ~60lbs more to lose. Ins covers @ $50 copay. Wish me luck!"
"I am  68 years old and a recently retired registered nurse. I have had problems off and on with irregularity most of my adult life. I used OTC laxatives sporadically and ate a lot of roughage. 6 months ago, I had a minimally invasive mitral valve repair, followed by a heart attack and stroke 6 days post-op, and an emergency cardiac stent. I had been prescribed Ativan for anxiety and Tramadol for pain as well as Amiodarone. All of these contributed to  chronic constipation. A few months back, I thought I was having a bowel obstruction. My primary physician recently prescribed Linzess.  Within hours, I experienced a bowel movement without STRAINING for the 1st time in 6 months. It was the best day I&#039;ve had since last August."
"I am 21 years old and I&#039;ve been getting cold sores since I even remember. I am a new yorker so every winter there I am  bound to wake up with multiple cold sores! My term saw me one day and prescribed me Valtrex. Life saver! It stops the itching and by the next day your cold sore is gone! I have tried everything else.
"
"Developed nail fungus after an injury to my bit toe. Started cicloplorox in Setember 2015 and after 9 months, nail has grown and looks great."
"After taking meloxicam for my osteoarthritis in my knee, I found the meloxicam started giving me severe stomach pain.
My doctor switched me to Pennsaid topical ointment.
First, I found I was drowsy on this medication, but this side effect soon went away.
The Pennsaid has taken away my knee pain, plus I have no stomach problems, because it is not ingested, but goes directly to the source of my pain.
I recommend this medicine for those who cannot take oral NSAIDS."
"I am a long time sufferer of sciatica.  I have taken as much as 3600 mg of ibuprofen with only minor relief.  My PCP gave me some samples on Tuesday.  I took 1 Zipsor before flying from Albuquerque to Houston and had relief within the hour and for 3 full days afterward.  I had no side effects."
"I am on my 5th month of treatment and have seen some improvement in overall pain/discomfort, but still continue to have issues. I also have extreme fatigue the day after treatment. My doctor just increased my dose to the maximum to see if that works. I must take medication to sleep comfortably and medication to stay awake during the day. These medications interact. I supposedly have a mild case of rheumatoid arthritis and am still waiting to feel normal."
"I have been on Yasmin for about 3 years. For the first year, there was little to no weight gain. Second year I found my appetite was never satisfied with whatever I ate. I could just keep eating and eating if it tasted good. Not sure if that was my fault or if it was the pill. Now, as for year three, experiencing severe depression I cry for no reason and it will be all day and I can&#039;t stop. I have started spotting and almost getting a full on period the week before my period. I gave it a 7 because it has been pretty good to me other than these things to be able to stay on it for 3 years, but I think if you&#039;re on it for too long it can have some bad side effects. It was AWESOME for the first year or so."
"It&#039;s a good drug that does a good job lowering my blood sugar. I take 1000 mg 2x a day, and try to exercise some daily. I still have some gas problems, and some diaharrea."
"Worst experience in my life. The pain before I started this was at least bearable. Now I can barely move or walk and bruise very easily. And that was only after a couple of days of taking 1 10mg tablet per day. Doctor changed to one every other day and I have the same problem. Was taking this for psoriatic arthritis and calcium build up, but I can&#039;t bare the pain."
"It helps with depression and fibromyalgia"
"I am a chronic pain patient who recently required bilateral hip-replacement. I have been on Schedule II narcotics for over ten years for Cervical Disc herniation, and 4 Lumbo-Sacral Disc herniations. I was given an MRI which was repeatedly unsuccessful because I couldn&#039;t lay still for more than 8-10 minutes, no where near the required 45-50 minutes needed. I was given 30 mg. IV of Toradol, quite skeptical since the narcotics (140 mg-14 10mg. tablets-of Methadone) I took regularly offered barely any relief. About one hour later, I actually was able to stand upright and walk with virtually no assistance! I believe Toradol worked synergistically with the narcotic; since I&#039;d used it years ago by itself with little effect. It was amazing."
"I had tried just about every other medication out there, but none of them worked well for me. Then tried the 4mg Toviaz sample, which helped some but didn&#039;t stop the problem. The 8mg Toviaz has been a life saver! It completely stopped my overactive bladder symptoms. It does cause dry mouth, and after around 3 weeks on it, I&#039;ll start to get a little hoarse. If I stop taking it over a weekend, by Monday, the hoarseness has subsided and I can start taking it again. It does cause dry mouth, and I have to be careful about constipation. But it works! Now if I can just get my insurance company to cover it."
"I have been on Lo Loestrin Fe for about a year now. During the first week I was definitely a moody brat but since then I am a changed woman!! I used to have terrible cramping, to the point where I would pass out from the pain. Since being on this pill, I haven&#039;t had cramps or a period in months. I was hesitant at first, but it has changed my life! I didn&#039;t have any weight gain or loss or other side effects besides the mood swings. I unfortunately have to switch as it has cost me too much each month! Highly recommend!"
"I started this pill in November and began getting horrible canker sores. I had always been prone to them, getting up to fifteen at a time, but this hadn&#039;t happened in years. I dealt with the severe pain, along with mood swings, depression, and anxiety for a few months. I stopped taking it after two months, and almost immediately felt better. My mouth healed and my depression subsided. I believe the canker sores are linked to hormones (I still get them around my period since discontinuing my use of junel Fe). If you&#039;re sensitive to hormones, I suggest you stay away"
"It had been 11 days since I went after having surgery. Took 2 bisacodyl pills at 8pm. By 10:30pm was having severe cramps that lasted hours. By 1:30am cramps escalated to a bowel movement which quickly turned to diarrhea. "
"I was prescribed this medication after having a cyst, spur and small piece of bone taken out of my foot. I highly recommend eating a large meal before taking this pill because if you take it on an empty or somewhat empty stomach, you will have vomiting.

Also, since I had close to 20 pills left, I take one pill every 6 hours for my severe menstrual cramps. This is a GREAT medication for pain."
"I have been on Wellbutrin for 2 weeks now. I am not sure if it just isn&#039;t working or if it is actually making things worse.  Crying, sleepless, anxious, restless. Don&#039;t know whether I should quit taking it or not.  Doctor is on vacation this week,  will see him the following week.
Was on Effexor for about 3 years. It worked great for me,  but somehow I decided I didn&#039;t need it anymore,  within a month I realized I was wrong. Tried going back on it but it caused horrible side effects."
"Been on Avodart for 2 years now, have been on Testosterone Replacement for 15 years, have seen a gradual improvement with urinary tract symptoms, (difficulty urinating, low flow, trouble starting). Continue to have prostitis, pelvic pain, dribbling. Avodart symptoms, no libido, erectile dysfunction, loss of penile sensation, low semen flow, depression (when I first started medication). Used to have High Libido but now have No Libido. Thank Goodness for understanding SO with a &quot;Hands on Approach&quot;. 60 years old."
"I recently took levothyroxine for 3 days as I am newly diagnosed hypothyroid. This medication made me shaky and irritable as well as having insomnia. I&#039;ve seen here that that the non generic form may be better, I will try that."
"I&#039;ve been taking Keppra XR for 12 months.  I have Myoclonic epilepsy with tonic-clonic seizures.  Jerking and instant blackouts are gone but occassionally still having tonic-clonics.  My dosage levels are still unclear and time will tell if the current dosage will work.  Side effects are not severe and I function very well compared to past medication experiences."
"My daughter takes Lamictal. At first the doctor had to increase the dose, but now she is okay and no seizures at all for about nine months."
"My psychiatrist put me on buspar after i had tried lexapro &amp; many natural remedies in regards to my anxiety disorder, depressive disorder, &amp; PTSD. Personally, i think that the medication fools with my depression. My depression has been inactive for almost 6 months now &amp; so i requested ( after taking the lexapro ) that i could be put on strictly anxiety medication. I also have adhd, which i have been taking concerta for. When taking buspar i realized that, it increases my concerta side effects, makes me have depressive symptoms. I feel like it makes me have the physical effects of everything but not the actual feelings, which is frusturating because when presented it looks like more anxiety, depression, adhd, ptsd.. etc. symptoms."
"I was diagosed with inoperable NSCLC in March 11. I am taking Iressa as a first line treatment. I had no side effects for 2 weeks then the rash on my face started. I am female so was able to cover this with makeup. My skin became very dry too but moisturizers helped. I had tummy cramps which started at the same time, no diarrhea initially as I was still taking morphine from unsuccessful surgery. After 6 weeks I had my first scan. My tumor that had been 11cms was now 8.5cms, this was a pleasant surprise as I was told the Iressa would not shrink it but just stop it from growing. Since stopping the morphine I now suffer from tummy cramps and diarrhea most days, usually at night. I feel it is a small price to pay. I take Imodium which helps."
"I&#039;m writing this because like you I was worried out of my mind after unprotected sex. I took Ella 2 hours after and I was a little nauseous for the next day, I also experienced cramping for a day. After I took it I felt fine and had no bleeding. About 2 weeks after I took it I got my period (yay!) but it was one week late. So don&#039;t stress too much because it WILL come!"
"I took it 1 hr after unprotected sex. First days no symptoms. Then I had stomach pains for about 5 days. After they went away I would wake up feeling weak and felt like throwing up when eating breakfast. After the morning I was fine all day. This all lasted for 2 weeks and period came 4 days before it was due! Thank you plan B so much. I was so stressed and scared, birth control will start asap!"
"Got it this morning. I&#039;m 21 years old and have no children. Beforehand I took two doses of Cytotec to relax the cervix and 800 mg of ibuprofen. The insertion was only mildly uncomfortable. The most painful part was measuring the cervix, which was a 3/10 on the pain scale at most. I did get a bit clammy during the measurement, but was completely fine after the procedure was finished. I even drove myself home and went to school only an hour later. I got it right before my period was scheduled to begin. I have had no cramping, no soreness or discomfort. Interested to see if I will see any side effects."
"I have been on Victoza for 3 months. I have lost about 15 pounds so far. I had major nausea and the eggy burps for the first month or so. They did go away for awhile but it seems as it is all coming back. I am not sure if I want to continue this medicine."
"I was diagnosed with ADD in forth grade, however my doctor decided to just have the school put me on a learning program, (504 Plan). Throughout the years, I started to develop depression, agitation, severe anxiety and OCD. I had tried EVERY anti-depressant, and they had all failed. My PCP started me on benzos, which helped a little. I decided it was time to go see a mental health physician assistant. She went over all my symptoms and she immediately realized that I had been mis-diagnosed and the PCP had me on about 5-6 medications. She started me on Vyvance 40 MG and my life has forever changed. I am generally very happy, and able to function, went from severe anxiety to mild, which is helped with Valium. I recommend Vyvance!"
"I was diagnosed with h pylori approx 6 years ago and it took care of it. It recently came back It made me very sick my stomach was in pain day and night, doc prescribed pylera again. The first 3 days were hard.dizzy, stomach pain, anxiety, can&#039;t think clear, extreme fatigue, I took probiotics and always have, I learned this years ago with stomach problems. I am now on 6 day things are getting better and better. Stay strong this is a nasty bacteria. I will let you know the end result after day 10. I&#039;m not going to lie it has been hard, might want to consider taking a couple days off or start on a weekend."
"I share the previous experiences, Heavy bleeding, mirena inserted. I have done my time 6 months on still irregular, extended periods of up to 3 weeks. I visited my doctor today and was informed that I need to go back to my specialist as I may need a D and C. The mirena has not solved the bleeding issue but it is the best form of contraception I have used after falling pregnant on the full pill and the coil IUCD. That was why I rated it higher. We have spent on sanitary supplies alone $300 over the past 7 months and still counting."
"I have had cystic acne since I was 18. It became horrible when I turned 22. I started taking doxcy last may after my acne kept coming back worse than before. I was on tetracycline when I was 18 &amp; it went away. But this time around the acne is on a vengence horribly scarring me. If I miss one dose of this medicine I will get a pimple. I am resistant to basically everything under this doxy. I am on 500mg twice a day. It works in due time but recently I will get sick from taking it and vomit. It doesnt matter at the moment if I eat or not it with it. Its sporadic. Its a love hate with this medicine. But if you want clear skin its worth it!"
"This nightmare all started 9 years ago with an abcess. This turned into a fistula. The fistula went away after years then I developed another one on the opposite side. Then multiple fistulas. 10 surgeries later and now I have a fistula through the 
vagina. I finally changed Drs. My dr put me on remicade and methotraxate, and I am finally seeing results. Extremely tired I could continuously sleep my life away. I haven&#039;t felt any inflamation for weeks. No pain pills for 4 weeks now. So cross my fingers this works."
"I thought I could manage without medication but after 2 months I fell into the black hole yet again. This time my Doctor put me on Pristiq and it gave me an unexpected benefit.   A few years ago I had a right hip replacement but it kept pulling out and I would fall down. It then dislocated altogether and I had to have another operation and after a year it dislocated again. This year Jan 2017 I had my other hip replaced.  Not surprisingly the fear of falling was extreme.  After 4 weeks on Pristiq I found I can walk without aids. I would like Pristiq to help stop the negative thoughts that roll around my head however I will stay on Pristiq regardless because it is the difference in being able to walk or be incapacitated by fear and anxiety."
"I used this medicine with my 6 month old son, it worked great."
"I had very bad hormonal acne after a week of taking these pills. After 2 months I can say that my skin has never looked so bad in my entire life! I had to go to a dermatologist and switch back to my previous birth control pills (which, I thought, were not so good... but now I realized that they were wonderful compared to Lo Loestrin Fe!...)"
"I began taking this drug in 1990. It gave me my life back. I have taken it for 27 years and it still works for me. For me the side effects are worth enduring. I also take buspar twice a day for these 27 years."
"This medication is only a sleeping pill and doesn&#039;t stop the itch, but gives you an itch all day. If you don&#039;t take zyrtec or similar med doing the day, you&#039;ll still be itching. This medicine is useless."
"Xanax is so great for me because I self-injure. It gives me the rational stance in my head when I feel like cutting myself. It doesn&#039;t allow me the energy to get so angry at myself. You just have to remember to actually take it when you feel your attack coming on and have patience for it to kick in. This is the best benzodiazepine because it works the fastest. Ativan is good sometimes. I saw trails but Xanax being the fastest but Klonopin lasts the longest."
"Hi ladies, I&#039;m 18 years old and in the Army national guard and so is my boyfriend, so we are definitely not in any position whatsoever to have kids.A few days ago my bf and I had unprotected sex in the heat of the moment and he definitely pulled out, I&#039;m witness to that. There was no question that he did, but we both got nervous about it and we both decided that I should take plan B. I took it probably within 2 hours of the incident. I had slight abdominal pains about an hour after I took it, but they went away and I haven&#039;t experienced any other side effects. Now I&#039;m just waiting to get my period so I can try to stress less, I leave for basic training in a month and 18 days. Wish me luck!"
"I have been using Spiriva for a couple of years now and find it to be a life saver. I have had no problems whatsoever. It is very convenient to use. No side effects. I can tell the difference in my breathing if I miss a couple of doses."
"Pricey ($10 off with discount card, but still around $75) but WELL WORTH it for me.  After some spotting in the first few weeks, I have had very little unscheduled bleeding, which is one of the more bothersome side effects I&#039;ve experienced with other oral contraceptives.  My mood is stable and much improved relative to being on other oral contraceptives as well.  I have taken it continuously (skipped the inactive pills) for several months and have had no bleeding/spotting whatsoever, which I love, although I don&#039;t require a period to reassure me that I&#039;m not pregnant since I&#039;m that &quot;perfect user&quot; they refer to in the literature. Take it every 24 hours on the dot!"
"Hello. It&#039;s been 6 months since I&#039;ve started taking Ampyra. It is still a miracle drug, and I would recommend it to anyone with MS. The only side effect I&#039;ve had was slight back pain. That side effect only lasted about 2 weeks. I&#039;ve noticed a difference  in my walking immediately, and still stand by this med. I do notice if I forget to take a pill, then I have to wait to get back on schedule. that&#039;s the only complaint."
"I switched from a hormonal contraceptive to Depo Provera January of 2013, never had any problems (weight gain, acne, irregular bleeding) for the first year and a half and only bled about a week or two before my next shot was due. Starting about 8 months ago I was bleeding almost 2 months before every shot and the last shot I received in March I continued to bleed 2 weeks after getting the shot. I also noticed an increase in extreme depression and anxiety. I have also spent the last 6 months dealing with breakouts (which I never had before) and an increase in keratosis pillars on my face (not sure if its related to a hormone imbalance). I would never recommend this shot to anyone."
"I&#039;ve been on implanon since Jan 2011 and for the first 6 months it was great. I didn&#039;t have a cycle or any side effects but then things went down hill. I have had back pains, headaches, my cycle is unpredictable I bleed from 5-14 days and have gained a tremendous amount of weight. I&#039;ve been bleeding so much to the point where my blood count has been low and my doctor has had to give me a pill form to take with implanon to slow the bleeding. The only positive thing is that I haven&#039;t got pregnant. I get this removed Jan 2014 and can&#039;t wait. I&#039;ll probably go back to depo"
"I lost over 100 lbs with Redux in 3 months back in &#039;96. When they removed it from the market I slowly gained all back plus some. I am so happy a safer version of this medicine has finally been released. On day 2 and I feel 85% the same as I did back then. I am now eating to live instead of living to eat. Cravings are gone. Today when I got home I was utterly exhausted because I had only consumed 400 calories. I had this with Redux, but a 27 year old body can tolerate a lot more abuse than a 43 year old one. So far I am very pleased - just have to plan better. Worst thing is the cost."
"My Dr prescribed me with hydroxyzine for sleep and anxiety and it works but the next day you feel too tired and if you suffer from depression it can make you some what suicidal because it made me feel very foggy and I couldn&#039;t focus or concentrate on anything"
"I was put on this BC because my periods were incredibly long, 25 days. I didn&#039;t gain weight, but I noticed on it I felt hungry all the time and had cravings for fatty foods. But I have charlie horses no matter how many banana&#039;s I eat or water I drink (And I eat a banana every day and drink about 100oz of water a day). The mood swings are terrible. I never want to do anything, I have no motivation, getting out of bed is a challenge, the bouts of crying. I&#039;m irritable all the time. I&#039;m frustrated about everything.  I go to the doctor next week and asking to be switched to something else. Also my periods are horrible still after 3 months Ultra tampons every hour and horrible pains in abdomen."
"I was on this birth control for 6 month and I quit a month ago. I quit because of the side effects.
 I would get bloated a lot, which was a new thing for me. I didn&#039;t have acid reflux before the pill. On the pill frequently I would  either feel the food coming up in my throat, or a vomiting sensation come up. Additionally I was burping incessantly. I couldn&#039;t control my burps at times; they would just happen involuntarily.
I sensed that I felt more sensitive to things and my husband confirmed (after getting off the pill) that I was more quick to anger. He also said that I have lost a lot of weight since getting off the pill. It also changed my eating habits."
"I was out in the sun WAY too long and now have a 2nd degree burn from it.  I went to my Doctor and she prescribed this cream for me. While at the Doctors, they went ahead and coated me in the cream and put some gauze on it so I could get home without being too messy.  It&#039;s a GREAT cream and has made the heat and pain decrease massively.  This would be great to have over the counter, as I had tried everything out there with no luck."
"Took the pill about 45 minutes after mishap with my boyfriend. Suffered from indigestion and restlessness throughout the night, but didn&#039;t vomit until about 7 hours later. I vomited about 15 times total, ~ every 15-30 minutes whether I drank something or not. Now my entire body is in flu-like pain and my head is killing me. I can barely get out of bed without wanting to pass out or being in immense pain. The vomiting stopped after about 5 hours, but I can definitely say this has been one of the worst experiences of my life. I&#039;ve only been on it for 1 day, so I can&#039;t comment on its contraceptive effects. I just wanted to make this post for anyone else suffering. It passes. Just keep yourself hydrated with small sips of Gatorade and water."
"Finished 12 weeks of Harvoni treatment in early August. Hard to say whether I had side effects as HCV knocked me around anyway. Harvoni side effects and/or HCV symptoms had disappeared by around week 6. The outcome has been good for me, my inherent crankiness has disappeared after almost 50 years of genotype 1A hep C, nanna naps are now rare, I am 70 yo male, I have much more energy and I put on around ten kilograms. The last bit is a nuisance because my waste is no longer 81 cm (32&quot;) so my jeans are a little uncomfortable. My GP told me that the liver, a major organ, may take more than six months to reboot. Harvoni? So far so good, however my HCV only made me tired, and cranky and I got mild fibrosis. I am an Aussie age pensioner."
"Excellent at stabilizing mania."
"I started contrave on May 18th and I am down 13lbs!! I am so excited about that. I have not been exercising but have significantly cut down my calories and fat intake. Today I start my second week and should be starting my second pill, 1 in the am and 1 in the pm. However I&#039;m going to stick to one pill for another week or so. In the beginning, I would say the first 3 days I did have nausea and a headache. My head hurt for 3 days straight! I really thought my body wasn&#039;t going to tolerate the medication. The nausea wasn&#039;t was tolerable but the headache seemed to start off light and then by around 5pm I swear it felt like it had its own heartbeat! But the 4th day I woke up and I felt normal again. I will be checking back in a week or so."
"I&#039;m 19 years old &amp; I took Plan B 3 days after unprotected sex on Friday March 18, 2016. I bought this product Monday night &amp; took it immediately ! At first I thought it wasn&#039;t going to be effective because I didn&#039;t have any side effects. A few days after I began to feel very emotional,almost a depressed feeling. I also began to feel cramping, &amp; 6 days after taking PLAN B - I got my period !!!!!!! (Sunday March 27,2016). It really worked !!!!"
"Only been on this pill a month but it is the only one so far that stopped the irregular bleeding I was having. I have tried Lo Estrin and Kariva and so far this is the winner! I will update after my second pack."
"So the first time I used this product I was burning like crazy! I ended up with an infection again a couple months later &amp; decided to try again ( The same pack) although I only have 6 days of product the box says if I don&#039;t see a change in 3 days to see a doc, so I&#039;m assuming the whole 7 days aren&#039;t all that necessary anyway.. Oh well this is my first day trying it after the last horrible experience. But this time I don&#039;t feel ANY burning... A lady told me tampering with the vagina before using the product can cause burning (ex. From itching or wiping vigorously) ..."
"I have felt so wonderful since I had the Mirena inserted over a week ago - I feel like my old self! I have suffered for over a decade with huge fibroids, have been through two major open surgeries, multiple minor ones, have had horrendous periods, PMS through the roof, you name it - I&#039;ve had it. This past week I have been energetic, happy, smiling and just plain normal!! I haven&#039;t felt like this for years and I can only assume my body is responding well to it. I hope my positive experience stays. I had it inserted under general anesthetic as my gyno did a hysteroscopy while she was in there."
"Hi, I was prescribed generic Wellbutrin XL back in mid-August. I was diagnosed with ADHD, Anxiety, and Depression. For the depression it really did work, I didn&#039;tI get board of somethings as I used to and when I skipped a day I could tell. As for the ADHD part, I feel like it helped a little, I got terrible grades in high school and didn&#039;t like doing homework. I&#039;m a freshman in college and now have straight A&#039;s, I feel as if the medicine has helped me stay focused on my academic goals I have set but lately I&#039;ve been unmotivated so I had a check up with my doctor and she wanted to know if I wanted to try something else so I said yes and she prescribed me Escitalopram. I would recommend Wellbutrin, it helped me."
"I read all of these reviews on the side effects of this medication. They scared me so bad because I have hurt for 2 weeks, and I didn&#039;t want to add more pain on top of that. But the only side effects I have had are tiredness, and a bit of a headache. Only a few days into my 2 week dose, but hoping it fixes whatever problem I have been having with my intestines! Don&#039;t be afraid to take it like I was."
"Took Vicodin for pain because I broke my lower leg and upper leg in a wreck and also my eye bone was broken. The pain goes away and the arthritis pain goes away for 4 to 5 hours."
"I&#039;ve been taking Aviane for about 2 and a half months and it&#039;s bad. It&#039;s made my period 2 weeks early, given me CONSTANT yeast infections, acne, and causes me to sweat a lot."
"I have been on this pill for about 2 months now. My first period on the pill came exactly when It was supposed to come and was normal. This last period was really light and only three days. I&#039;ve had weight loss but I&#039;m not sure it was the pill since everyone is reporting the opposite. I did feel super nauseated and sad every few days, but its normal. And my breasts have grown! But they feel tender. I have been taking the pill for severe back pain and with the pill, that disappeared."
"I made a stupid mistake and had unprotected sex on my predicted fertile day. I took the plan b pill a few hours later. For the next two weeks I felt cramps and tender breasts. I was worried that those were signs of pregnancy so I was stressed for a while. But thank goodness I got my period today. It&#039;s a day early but that&#039;s better than nothing. I am so happy right now even though I have a terrible headache. Anyway, from my experience, this pill does work. Honestly, do not stress about it. Even if you feel cramps or tender breasts it may just be the side effects from the pill. So don&#039;t worry. I hope for the best :)"
"This medicine is frequently prescribed to me when I end up in the ER for a particularly bad migraine.  It does very little for my headaches, dulls the pain a bit for several hours and then once it wears off, I&#039;m back to square one. Not practical for me to take this one unless I have the day off from work."
"As for the pain the Doan&#039;s extra strength we&#039;re like a dream come true. On the 3rd day I woke up with ear noise awful ringing in both ears. Researched and found it was a side effect of medicine. I am still ringing in both ears so today I will not take it and see if it stops."
"So far, this pill is horrible! I am finishing up month 2, and I am miserable. I have taken two of the pervious versions, Generess  fe &amp; minastrin fe, which were amazing. I had no period, no pain and felt great. Since the company switched to the gel cap...I have bloated, cramping, and headaches, for the whole two months. My period is back too, which is heavy and painful, and the original reason I started a pill.
 I&#039;ve been back to my OBGYN to try and get off it. She talked me into trying it another two months... We&#039;ll see if I can handle this for two more months."
"I&#039;ve had the Nexplanon implant in for 7 weeks and within 2 days of having it in I started to experience extreme anxiety to the point of experiencing horrific panic attack&#039;s each day! Now I&#039;m usually a very chilled out person but this implant has completely changed my personality, My doctor has agreed that the implant has obviously caused this and to take it out in 3 weeks time ( earliest they can fit me in) but I&#039;m not waiting that long and have an appointment to get it out at a different clinic tomorrow and I can&#039;t wait to get back to myself! If I wasn&#039;t experiencing the anxiety I would give it a rating of 10 as my periods are only a bit of light spotting and I have no pain but the panic attacks are a no go for me!!"
"My vision is so bad that I could not read the warnings on the box.  I bought one bottle for home and one for work.  Big mistake.  1.  It does not ease any of my allergy symptoms which include cough, runny nose and runny eyes.  2.  It makes me feel stoned.  3.  I&#039;ve had pretty serious body aches since I started taking it.   Based on a few of the reviews here, I think it must be related.  

I am going to go cold turkey.  It can&#039;t be worse than this stuff.  Does ANYTHING work for allergies?  I will be moving to the desert soon.  Finger crossed!"
"Apparently I have taken this drug longer than I realized. I was prescribed the Drixoral version of this more than 30yrs ago in the military. It worked for me then and works today. I have suffered Hay Fever and many allergies my entire life. Please everyone remember this drug is like all others, simply put, it works for some and can actually be detrimental to the health of others! This drug is not really meant for your flu like colds, it can help with some of the symptoms but truly works best for straightforward sinus problems. I have tried the 1 a day pills and if they worked it would be 2 to 4 hours of relief and then a similar time of eyes watering, nose running until it released more into my system. Long live SudoGest(prescription only)!"
"Began taking Qsymia 3.75 in June 2013. Its one year later I have lost 80 pounds. At the low dose I experience few side effects while still suppressing my urge to overeat. I&#039;ve used My Fitness Pal to track my 1200-1500 calories a day menus. No sugar cravings any more. For the last few weeks I have diminished my dosage to 3 times a week as I&#039;ve approached my maintenance weight goal. The weight loss has been easy. Now to figure out how Q can help me maintain the loss."
"I have been taken 10 mg for 3 weeks. I have taken other anti depressants before with very little to no help. With this one I feel a lot better, I have more energy, I can focus and concentrate better. My mind is clearer than it has been for a long time and I am happier. So far I have no side effects besides I am a little constipated."
"Just started on the gel. I sleep better and feel like I have my motivation back. Girlfriend notices the difference also. "
"I would definitely say that Rizatriptan is the best migraine medication I have ever had, and I&#039;ve had all sorts. I could feel an attack coming on, and took a tablet 5 minutes ago and the pain is just about gone. I was very skeptical about rizatriptan as other medicines I&#039;ve had have never worked but I was so surprised with this. Also I&#039;ve just seen about the monthly cost below and currently I get Rizatriptan free due to being a diabetic. Before I was diagnosed with diabetes, it cost "
"Am 78 years old with a wife of 63 and we&#039;ve been together for forty years. Weekdays I take 25mg Viagra cut from a 100mg pill. With stimulation there is a good erection 15 minutes later. I can feel my face flushing a bit which tells me it is working. Weekends it is 20mg Cialis, taken before bed on Thursday evening. No further medication is needed until at least Monday. Like many of my age I sometimes do not reach ejaculation but so what, my wife seems fulfilled."
"I am 25 and had the Mirena after having my 4th baby. It was a little painful and I had some cramps the first day but after that it was great and have been great for the past 3 1/2 years! I have not experienced any side effects. I would recommend this to anyone!"
"I can&#039;t say it&#039;s bad. I can Ace through an assignment on my dosage like an Ariel Atom. BUT there are some things I did experience, as I was taking it and in High School I noticed I didn&#039;t care to hang out with anyone. There was times when I did but I was terrified. The days I&#039;d forget my dose I was buzzing with charisma. I&#039;d have to say out of all these the creativity it sucks out of you scares me because I&#039;m a musician. But the worst is the withdrawal effects, they hit you fast in the morning even before you take your dose( Headaches, can&#039;t wake up) and irritability. It gets the job done but there are too many side-effects."
"I have had this implant in for a little over a year now and it was the worst descision I have made regarding birth control. After I had it put in, my body acted the same way before the implant. After about 3 months I had gained 10 pounds after not gaining any weight at all before the procedure. Now I have un predictable periods that can last from 3 days to 3 weeks with almost no break in between. There can be heavy bleeding at times or just some spotting. I waited to see if the side effects would become less of a problem over time like the doctor said but they have not so I will be getting Nexplanon removed."
"I have been taking Paxil now for 3 months. Within 2 weeks ALL of my random panic attacks stopped. No more frustration or trying to understand why I have crushing panic attacks... they are gone and I sleep like a baby. It is God sent I lived in turmoil for years. I&#039;m taking 20mg every morning. Only bad part is.... I have almost no appetite and my sex drive is slightly lower than normal. Small price to pay to have peace of mind. Hope this helps."
"Works really fast. "
"I was just placed on Tenuate 2 days ago by my physician. I have tried many weight loss options but have had no success. I just have no will power. I am an RN, and reading about this medication I must say that I am going into it a little frightened. But, if you all can do it...so can I! I was so motivated by your many success stories, I hope that I can be one to post one also. My first day mirrored some in that the dry mouth and jitters are what bothered me. I don&#039;t think I will be able to take the medication at work. That will be okay, I don&#039;t have much time to think about food anyway. Lol! Best of Luck to you all!!!"
"Iv had an awful  year with my cycle . Last October  i got the depo (the injection) was due to get my 2nd one in January. But i passed because  from the end of November 2015 until April 2016 i had constant bleeding every day from 9-1 and 4-8 . It finally stopped and i went may june and july with no period  it was great but then i got them back the end of July and the pain was unbearable went on for 2 weeks i rang my doc explained everything and she has put me on the patch . So far i love it this is only my 3rd week so still early days but my cycle is starting  to return to normal  the only side effect im having is im very low on energy but nothing  a berocca or two wont cure "
"I got the arm insert because I have had bad experiences with estrogen based pills on the past and since it uses a different hormone and has little chance of adverse reactions I felt good about the decision. However I seemed to be part of the 3rd of the population that had side effects. I had a little over 3 months and it was miserable!! 5 pounds in the first week and over 15 since, not to mention the awful mood swings, I have never had a history of depression but while on it I would randomly feel miserable, like the hopeless kind of depression, I broke out and just generally wanted to crawl out of my skin, I had it removed yesterday, felt the same as going in and I&#039;m hopeful my body will return to normal with time."
"My uncle and I both suffer from psoriasis- his is big, sand-dollar sized patches all over his body, and mine is on my eyelids, my scalp, my eyebrows, and has just now started appearing on my right arm.
We were both prescribed desonate, which thankfully our insurance covers.
After one day&#039;s use (2x day), my eyelids are perfectly healthy again, and the smaller patches on my uncle&#039;s legs are nearly gone.
We had been searching for something- anything- that would work for us for a few years now, so we both feel like this simple ointment is a miracle cure.
We have seen no side effects so far, and are beyond thrilled!!"
"I had horrible episodes of Atria fibrillation. I was hospitalized for 9 days. Ambulanced twice. Was put on Flecainide 1 year ago. Haven&#039;t had any recurrences of Atrial fibrillation. It&#039;s like there never was a problem. And no side effects for me. I walk 3 miles a day. I love flecainide and my Doctor for choosing it."
"Worked really well for nerve pain - it&#039;s a lot like Lortab or Vicodin. It gives an energy burst (depending on your tolerance level with these types of medicine) within 20-40 minutes."
"I am updating my last post in hopes that this new drug is able to help others as it has helped me....Since my last post, I feel quite &quot;alive&quot; in many ways----BEFORE VRAYLAR--BED, 20 HOURS MINIMUN....SUICIDAL IDEATION--HOPELESSNESS-CONST. CRYING,-DOOMED, LOSS OF INTEREST IN &quot;EVERYTHING!&quot;.....Fast forward--Yesterday I ran for groceries, got gas for the car, walked the dog, trimmed a few shrubs and ran to the casino with a friend, plus I sleep better...I got a coupon for the first month, and need Dr. approval for the rest,which I did not know during my last post.. but I&#039;ve been on everything, and pray I get this....God bless all-THERE IS HOPE FOR YOU!!"
"I do not like this product. I understand you need patience and results show within, but if you want results fast I HIGHLY SUGGEST not to use it. It makes you break out and your skin very, very sensitive. On my second day of using it I had a terrible red marks all over my face and I cannot get rid of them still. It has been 3 weeks! It is an affective medication, but if you aren&#039;t wiling to have your face very irritated for a good 2-3 months on this cream do not use it."
"I began using Embeda about a month ago for chronic pain. I have had 2 back surgeries and 2 shoulder surgeries due to a severe case of early onset degenerative arthritis, combined with an autoimmune disorder.  Before the Embeda I was taking Percocet for pain management, but it left me feeling irritable when the medication wore off. The Embeda has worked GREAT for me. I am on 20-0.8MG every 24 hours. I like it because I don&#039;t get a &quot;high&quot; feeling and when it wears off I don&#039;t feel irritable. It does cause me increased sweating and constipation and some mild itching, but the trade-off is worth it. It has worked so well for me that I feel like I have my life back."
"I have now tried this medication twice the first time I had taken two 0.25 mg tablets with no effect the next night I took three and I still could not sleep I am still waiting on my doctor before taking any more."
"This medicine has done wonders for me. I&#039;ve been under lots of stress for a long time, anxiety, depressed, unmotivated, negative, etc. Wellbutrin XL has recharged my battery and I feel excellent. There has also been a huge spike in the sex department. Amazing energy, so no worries there. I do tend to get headachy if I drink too much, and that threshold is far lower than it used to be. The good news is I don&#039;t really care as much about drinking anyway, so it&#039;s working out well."
"It really does help if you stick to the plan. I didn&#039;t and now I feel lots of different pains and also my condition is progressing."
"I was prescribed Bactrim for a bacterial skin infection under my arm. I get infections easily and am often on all kinds of antibiotics. Many bother me, but I have not had any problems at all while on Bactrim. And the skin infection has been clearing up very well (I&#039;m almost done with the medication.) I&#039;m very happy with this medication."
"Vidaza worked very well and only side effect was some minor constipation cured with softener and milk of magnesia."
"I&#039;m from the UK &amp; have tried numerous forms of contraception such as the mini pill and the depot injection but always seemed to forget the pill. I had my implant inserted in January 2016 and up until recently I thought it was great. For the past few months My sex drive is 0. I have had three periods in the space of 4 weeks which vary between heavy and continuous spotting. 
I often feel bloated and lack energy, I get home from work and just want to curl up in bed with a hot water bottle on my back to ease the pain. I&#039;ve had no weight gain but do eat a lot. 
This method of contraception of good for preventing pregnancy but be aware of the symptoms linked to it as they often weigh out the positives."
"Eight years ago, I had a hysterectomy and afterwords suffered deep depression. Pristiq took me out of a deep pit and made me able to live a normal life again. One caution: Make sure that your doctor is prescribing and your pharmacy is filling the name brand and not the generic. When I switched to the generic, it did absolutely nothing to help me, and in fact, made my depression worse. And after just one day back on Pristiq proper, I have peace and calm again and happiness."
"Anxiety has always been a big part of my life. A younger me was able to treat it with my brain but now that I am 45 I was not able to control my fears of what bad thing will happen next. Being the father of 2 kids including a handicapped little boy plus my wife that doesn&#039;t work, she needs to take care of my little boy. My fears of losing my job, car breaking down, my son&#039;s medical condition and a bad set of eyes were some of my major worries, all things that were unrealistic and mostly out of my control. Living in fear creates more problems then solutions. I started taking Paxil about two months ago and I will tell you that it helps. I feel normal no more fear and able to deal with life&#039;s problems."
"I&#039;ve been on sprintec for about 2 weeks and haven&#039;t had any spotting, my only complaint is migraines that I got 2 nights straight. But other than that I&#039;ve had no bad side effects. I also feel like I&#039;ve had less discharge than when I wasnt on it."
"My daughter has been taking Miralax since she was 5. Prior to starting the Miralax regimen, my daughter would suffer from daily stomach pain. She was finally diagnosed with a chronic constipation problem and put on Miralax. She has been using it for four years now and very rarely complains anymore (if at all). You may have to play with dosage from time to time. She started on a heavy dose and we were then able to taper down to a much smaller one. We are happy with how it has helped her. Of course, we would love it if she didn&#039;t have to use anything at all! But we are very grateful to have something that helps her so much. She doesn&#039;t have any side effects from it--that is another positive about this product. Give Miralax a try."
"I have been taking it now for 3 months noticed slight improvement. Maybe I am not one of the lucky ones and have to take it for longer. I suffered no side effects apart from depression, mood changes. I have tried to research this to see anyone else has had the same side effect but only come across one or two. Although the depression is bad I am going to carry on with the medicines because I feel I can fight it and will be very happy when my two toes have cleared up. Please let me know if you are suffering with the same side effect because some may say its not worth it if it makes you feel so terrible. "
"I&#039;m 17, about 125 pounds, female and a senior in high school. I&#039;ve had depression for a while and started taking Effexor. I strongly encourage trying this medicine for any teens or college students who deal with depression. Helps me concentrate and feel all together in a stable and happy mood. I&#039;ve had weight loss also only thing that makes me nervous is the withdrawal effects I&#039;ve read about."
"It works tremendously well on Insomnia and really does help on maintaining a normalcy in everyday life. Sleeping a lot at first, which in my case was a good thing. It&#039;s not the best for uplifting depression and doesn&#039;t help in taking away anxiety or panic attacks. The side affects for me was being easily bothered &amp; hostal/angry. Will pass if you continue taking as directed,but each time you stop n then start again the experience starts over. But keep in mind,side affects vary and its different for each  of Us. What works for one might not work for another. I&#039;ve been taking Sinequan/Doxepin for over two decades."
"I have tried every over the counter and prescription medicine for GERD that I can think of.  Aciphex is the only one that has ever worked for me.  I have suffered from GERD and other Gastric issues for a long time and I suffer when I run out of this medication.  I love to eat...so...this helps.  "
"Love this pill...Went on it after both my pregnancies and never had a period.  No weight gain, Acne, or anything."
"Big waste of money.Tried it twice and NOTHING. Sticking with Viagra."
"I had this out in 11 months ago. I had consistent spotting for 4 months. It wasn&#039;t a period but definately needed a tampon of sort. The insertion was a little discomforting but not painful but I&#039;ve had 4 kids so my cervix isn&#039;t super hard as opposed to someone who hasn&#039;t had a child. The cramp I had after the insertion was really bad though. It felt like someone kicked me in the back. It only last a couple hours and went away with some motrin. I&#039;ve had a couple periods that last like 10 days and has averaged about every other month. Overall it&#039;s ok... I&#039;m 11 months not pregnant so it must be working."
"I started using Maxzide 15 years ago and it reduced my blood pressure which was between 135 and 160 to less than 130. I am now 71 and another medicine has been added. But 15 years on side effects and all was well."
"Take action worked for me!"
"I was prescribed this for abdominal pain after having a baby. Keep in mind I have a very high pain tolerance, but this helped me a lot. I was in a pretty good amount of pain, and although it didn&#039;t take away all the pain, I was able to get up and take care of my newborn and 3 year old toddler. Also I have been breastfeeding and sometimes my newborn vomits. I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s the medicine or that she has just been drinking too fast"
"I gave this a low rating as it has been the worst experience for me. I have my period 2-3 weeks out of every month and some months I have it the entire month. I get cramping for a week out of it. It is very effective as the &quot;birth&quot; control part of it. I&#039;ve had it for almost 3 years and am due to get it removed soon. I waited this long because I didn&#039;t want to have to pay to remove it and figure something else out. No birth control has been great for me. So disappointing."
"I started Belviq in October 2013. I&#039;ve now lost 31 pounds, which brings me to my goal weight, which I haven&#039;t seen for decades. I now take 5 mg of Belviq every day at around 3-4 PM. This is my maintenance dose. I had a follow-up with my MD last week and was concerned that she wouldn&#039;t renew the script because I no longer qualify according to the recommended guidelines. To my surprise, she agreed a maintenance dose was a good idea to keep the cravings away. The fact that I had a lot of beneficial side effects also convinced her. (Really good, restful sleep, and the end to hot flashes). So I&#039;m happy. The 30 day script will last me 4 months! Love this stuff. I&#039;ll take it forever. It &quot;fixes&quot; me as far as I&#039;m concerned!"
"Helped very bad shingles outbreak in about 3 days."
"I could easily fall asleep within 10-15 minutes after taking my Restoril."
"I just got kyleena put in yesterday. When I talked to my doctor about getting skyla he suggested I get kyleena instead because he had stopped carrying skyla and kyleena lasts two years longer than skyla.  When I had it inserted the pain was like a bad cramp, but I&#039;ve experienced worse. And after that I was fine and able to get on with the rest of my day. I did have a little bleeding and cramping but now it&#039;s the second day and I am not experiencing either symptom. So far so good!"
"Xanax has been an extremely effective medication. I have severe panic with agoraphobia and failed to respond to therapy, clonazepam, paroxetine, other benzodiazepines, antidepressants, AED&#039;s, beta-blockers, and others. I have taken up to 12 mg/day but I find that 4-6 mg/day is best. Side effects are non-existent nor have I ever experienced any form of withdrawal. Incidentally Xanax (along with imipramine) have been shown to be effective for years of continuous use. Great for either short-term use, and if needed, long-term use."
"I am a female, 29 yrs old. I have been depressed since I was 14yrs, my mind races constantly and I have mood changes and a bad temper that turns in to severe anger (rage). My Psychiatrist prescribed me Lamictal and it really works. I have had no side effects and my mood is stable and controlled. I have been on it for 2 years and feel good."
"I&#039;ve been using this birth control for about a year and a half now and it&#039;s kept me from not getting pregnant, but that&#039;s about the only thing it&#039;s done for me. It doesn&#039;t help my cramps, nor does it help my moodiness around &quot;that time,&quot; in fact it&#039;s made it worse. Just recently, I&#039;ve had gallbladder disease which my doctor attributed to my Sprintec. So, I spent 5 days in the hospital after surgery due to this medicine."
"I have been a chronic combination binge/maintenance drinker since I was about 20. I have quit drinking many times for a few weeks, and even six months on two occasions. But nothing, including AA and Campral, worked to keep me away from alcohol.  After five years of asking my wary doctor to prescribe Antabuse, he finally did.  I have been taking it for two weeks, every morning when my head is clear and logical thinking is in top working order.  That is the key for me, because later in the day is when I would normally start to entertain the idea of drinking, as a &quot;reward&quot;.  I have had no side effects, and am going to continue taking Antabuse.  It simply removes the option to drink, at least for people who are not self destructive."
"I had nexplanon inserted in September 2014 after my 2nd child was born. I bled for the 1st month and then I haven&#039;t had period since. I weigh more than I did during my pregnancy. No matter how I eat, I can&#039;t lose the weight. I&#039;m extremely irritable,  and my sex drive has gone down. I also got really bad headaches at first. I definitely think I&#039;m going to have it removed. I think I gave it a fair shot and it&#039;s just not working for me."
"Lord! This was like a death experience for me. I am scarred for life. I have been feeling sick for about 4 days in which I acquired sore throat, earache, stiff neck, super swollen lymph nodes, fever and the worst headache ever. After initial test that ruled out negative for meningitis, mono and strep throat they decided to give me a cocktail of reglan and benadryl through my iv. Within seconds I felt a burning sensation as well as sleepy..so I thought I would be okay. Boy! Was I wrong. My heart was racing 150bpm I lost my voice was super jittery and felt like I was going to die. The nurse told me to relax she looked worried. I wanted to pull my IV off I told her get it off and she insisted that she will give me Toradol to help calm me. :("
"I had an easy insertion experience, have not yet experienced a negative side effect caused by Mirena, and am overall pleased with this birth control method."
"I&#039;ve suffered for 30 years w IBS d  and IBS C AND was beside myself because was not always able to walk 3 or 4 steps toward bathroom when diahrea started. Florestor changed my life...for the better. I&#039;ve been taking 1 capsule a day for a year. That problem has cleared up completely and my IBS attacks have been greatly reduced."
"Botox made my cervical dystonia 100 times worse, I&#039;m still in a lot of pain but wouldn&#039;t go near it again, I tried acupuncture it worked straight away, I ended up with a punctured lung through this, I&#039;m with dystonia society and many people say it helps them, so im just unfortunate, still looking for pain relief but looks grim, as I&#039;ve tried loads of drugs and things like yoga, shiatsu and massage"
"Did not wake me up. The only effect I noticed was grinding of my teeth."
"I was prescribed Sprintec by my OBGYN because I thought I had polycystic ovarian syndrome. My blood tests came back saying I didn&#039;t, I continued with Sprintec anyway. 
My periods have always come every four weeks on the dot, even if they were light. As soon as I started my first pack (the day my period was supposed to start) I had brown spotting for three straight weeks with a heavy period right in the middle. Then I had two days of no spotting, then a 5 day period. Then 2 weeks with no spotting, 2 weeks spotting, 1 week without and I am currently spotting, as I have been for the last week. 
I&#039;m about to finish my third pack and I have not renewed my prescription. I was dissappointed my breasts didn&#039;t swell and had nausea the first 2 weeks."
"I just want to share my experience on this drug. I had unprotected sex with my husband, the day after my period ( August 28, 2015 ) Friday. He didn&#039;t ejaculate. but we&#039;re not ready for a baby yet. so, just to make sure I took Plan B one step the next day ( Saturday, August 29) 

At first day, I felt okay, nothing is bothering me. till I felt nauseous, dizzy and I&#039;m having cramps ( assuming that my period would come out again). I just let it and as of the description of the box said that its normal to feel those symptoms.

after 1 week, ( Saturday, September 5th)  I started to have bleeding, I assumed it was my breakthrough bleeding. it lasted for 4-5 days ( like my normal period) 

This medication is 100% real and it works for me."
"I began talking Adipex since March 10, 2009.  I am down 14 pounds.  I found that after a couple of weeks I was getting a tolerance to the medication. I stopped taking it for two days and the weight started to fall off again.  I exercise at least 3 times a week by walking and running on my treadmill and using stretch bands.  I feel great. I still have twenty pounds to go, but I am eating MUCH healthier and do not crave junk food anymore.  Make sure you change your eating habits so you don&#039;t gain the weight back when you get off the medicine.  This is just the jump start that I needed to get back in shape after having two kids."
"I have been on fentora for six months with the fentanyl patch and it does an amazing job."
"Abilify made my life mine again.  The side effects are minimal and well tolerated.  I recommend this!"
"I definitely notice a decreased libido, as well as mood swings, but nothing that can&#039;t be handled."
"I have been using these off and on for years. Best relief after using as directed for about 48 hours, using a new patch every 12 hours. This medication is for inflammation so it takes a little while for swelling to subside enough for pain relief. I use along with oxycodone and muscle relaxers and honestly think I get more relief from the patches. They are just so expensive I can only fill my prescription once my deductible is met for the year and even then I have to download a coupon. My cost for a full month is about $70. Much better than almost $600!"
"I have been taking Tramadol HCL for severe anxiety and clinically severe OCD. This medicine really works wonders for anxiety and my Psychiatrist has me on this combining it with Risperdal and Xanax XR and Xanax IR. But, before I combined Tramadol HCL with those other medicines I was taking the Tramadol HCL alone and it knocked my anxiety down to more tolerable levels and helped me ignore my obsessions from my OCD more."
"I&#039;ve tried three other anti-depressants, and this is the only one that actually works and the only one that didn&#039;t give me horrible side effects. Ladies, it also helps PMDD!  I hadn&#039;t known that it would treat so many of my other problems.  Asking my doctor to write me a prescription for this was the best idea I&#039;ve had in years and I don&#039;t know why no other doctor gave me this before. Good luck finding your best antidepressant."
"I&#039;ve been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for quite some time now and in the past year it&#039;s been happening more. Xanax helps, I&#039;ve been prescribed this because it does help when the anxiety levels get very high and panic attacks and it also helps me to get some sleep at night as it helps reduce the level of anxiety.  Every person is different."
"I would never take this again. I haven&#039;t had a normal period since. I&#039;m always SUPER heavy when I bleed and now my period is like really light pink and watery it&#039;s been like this for four cycles now! I never got told this was a side effect and that everything would go back to normal after my first proper period."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost 5 years. It has been ok. Except I got pregnant while taking it as prescribed. Didn&#039;t miss a day. Didn&#039;t take it late-or did I? If I did it was within a 15 minute window-it always is. Same time every day. I had a miscarriage but my obgyn says it had nothing to do with the pill...I have horrible mood swings too. My husband can predict my start date based on how insanely moody, aggressive and angry I am. It is always 5 days before I start that I am most insane. Always! The mood swings are so bad I&#039;m considering getting off the pill altogether. Everyone&#039;s different. That&#039;s my experience."
"Excedrin migraines pills are my Best friends...I have very bad cluster migraines and they&#039;re the only pills that helps me and give me relief in like 30 minutes... I deal with migraines on a daily basis but once I get my Excedrin migraine in me I&#039;m good and I&#039;m up moving back around... Feeling much better tonight..."
"I have diabetes with very bad nerve problems and severe back problems and I lived in pain where I wouldn&#039;t go outside for a week at a time. I&#039;ve been on Fentanyl patches OxyContin and nothing seems to work. I went to the emergency room at the Hospital and they gave me the medicine and I never felt better."
"This made me extremely nauseated. I was not even able to keep it down, let alone benefit from any pain relief."
"I also am upset.  This medication I have been taking for about 28 years.  I have been on everything else.  Nothing works like my Deconamine.  I have been hitting up all of the pharmacies around where I live trying to get what they have left.  I too, am a chronic sinusitis suffer.  6-8 infections a year.  And my Deconamine was the other thing that gave me a little relief.  Please do something.  We need this medicine!"
"It will worsen for the first two weeks. After that , you&#039;ll clear up. Believe me I had the worst acne and I had never had this before in my entire life. My face was full of big , cystic acne , a lot of pustules and they&#039;re really awful! I am into adapalene 0.3 % for 6 weeks now and I am literally close to clear skin. I had a slight skin discoloration due to the scarring but I can see that a lot of these had faded. PATIENCE AND CONSISTENCY are the keys. Stick to it and have faith and you&#039;ll clear in no time. I love this product."
"I have a 5 month old, did the deed with my bf on November 15, after a failed pull out attempt, I went and got the plan b pill, took it within 12 hours of doing the deed, sure enough (bfp) big fat positive test yesterday on November 27th. It was confirmed through urine test, blood test, and pelvic exam. That was the only time we&#039;ve done it since the birth of our daughter. It proved ineffective for me."
"I have been on this 1.5 weeks, it works fantastic for high blood pressure.  Much quicker than 3 previous meds I&#039;ve tried.  I have serious bladder issues and this has had the unexpected side effect of slowing down my need to visit the loo constantly.  I sleep really well with this medicine, but it makes me tired during the day and hope that will subside soon, I have nodded off at my desk at work several times this week.  Finally, it has increased my appetite and I really want that side effect to go away."
"I have very bad treatment resistant depression/anxiety. I was on Prozac for a year and it worked wonders until I had to keep going up in dose and the side effects were just to bad. Since I have been put on Lexapro, Welbutrin, Vyvanse, and Lamictal none worked like the Prozac. Recently my doctor put back on Prozac, 20mg and added 15mg Deplin. Prozac usually take a month or longer to feel the effects, especially on a low dose. After two weeks I felt good already with no side effects! In fact my sex drive has actually increased. 20mg was never enough for me before and with Deplin it&#039;s perfect. I&#039;m so happy."
"I have been on Brintellix for about 3 weeks now. So far I&#039;ve noticed increased energy, weight loss, nausea, headaches, loss of sleep, nightmares, and some aggression.  I have finally found 1 that works and I&#039;m having all these side effects.  I started out on the 10mg and still currently taking the 10mg. Maybe I need to be on a lower dose.  I also take Ambien 10mg for sleep.  "
"Awful experience!! Couldn&#039;t get the cap off so I spent 30 minutes trying to get it off.  After 30 mins and a bloody cut up thumb I finally just grabbed my old bottle of nostrilla (which I would have much rather bought but couldn&#039;t find any at the store.  For anyone reading this nostrilla is a 10/10 for me!!) Punctured a whole in the afrin bottle and squeezed the stuff into the nostrilla bottle... so nostrilla you the real MVP!!"
"When I was 7 I started puberty, I started my periods and all the other signs of becoming a &quot;young woman&quot; and I have been having pain since then on, I&#039;ve had 2 operations, abnormal periods and extensive ones that have lasted 8 weeks and 21 weeks. I&#039;m 18 and have I&#039;ve been on this injection for nearly 2 months and I&#039;ve had nothing but pain, I&#039;m heavier on my period than I&#039;ve ever been and I&#039;m constantly tired, moody, emotional and sick. I can&#039;t hold a meal down and I&#039;ve lost 2 stone because of this and am now classed as underweight. I can&#039;t even hold anti-sickness tablets down. I was told to continue to take the pill and then during my break I shouldn&#039;t get my period, but I have and they&#039;ve been causing that much pain can&#039;t even walk properly"
"I&#039;m 20 and sexually active and I love this pill! I&#039;ve been on it for about a month and the only issue is that I have bad cramps but not as bad as what I used to have before this bc. I&#039;m 80 pounds and this pill works wonders for me. No issues here at all .Don&#039;t let all these scary reviews scare you. Try it for yourself and see if it works. Every body reacts to medicine differently."
"Used it after my appendicitis and it worked wonderfully."
"This drug made me feel as if I was always running out of time, as if I couldn&#039;t stop and enjoy anything. I felt down most of the time on it; not significantly so but enough to make want to quit it."
"After becoming addicted to opiates, I tried numerous ways to quit: clonidine, detox, Suboxone, and methadone. Methadone is the only thing that truly helped me abstain from opiates, with very minimal side effects."
"I have a problem with recurring bronchitis because of asthma. When this happens I cough a lot. The Tussionex is a life saver for me. It stops the cough that nothing else has ever stopped. It makes me sleepy, but the cough is paralyzing so it&#039;s well worth it. The price makes me very thankful for my health insurance."
"Took 2 tablets at 9pm. Rudely awoken at 1am with horrendous nauseating lower abdo cramps. Felt like someone was reaching into me and was tugging on my intestines.  
After more than an hour of misery, writhing around in bed, the pain became so severe that, not knowing what else to do with myself I staggered to the bathroom to sit on the loo.
Pain only got worse, so I curl up into a ball on the bathroom floor. Next thing I know is I&#039;m on my back looking up at the ceiling having passed out. Sweating, shaking and ears ringing I call out to my boyfriend who got me a pillow and blanket and sat with me until I was able to get onto the loo and pass the entire contents of my digestive system. So humiliating.
Was it effective? Yes. Worth it? Hell no!"
"I have been on this pill for a year and love it. No weight gain and I finally feel like myself after trying several pills. No anxiety, no crazy mood swings. The first two months I did not get a period which freaked me out. Took two pregnancy tests, both negative each month. I called my gyno and he said because this pill has 3 extra hormone pills each month it can stop menstrual bleeding.  After month 2 and 3, my period came back but it is light every month. (One day with a pantyliner, that&#039;s it!) I used to get awful cramps and have horrible acne with the other pills; I don&#039;t have this anymore with Loestrin. Only thing I noticed is one to two days before I&#039;m due for my period I get weepy and cry over nothing. No big deal though."
"Not bad.  First started this when I was 17. I didn&#039;t like how it made my periods and cramps way worse but over the months it&#039;s calmed down. I did get some mood swings, I didn&#039;t gain weight but I always felt hungry, I would eat and then five minutes later feel like I&#039;m starving. I always take the pill before bed so I didn&#039;t Notice any headaches or weird feelings. It did kill my sex drive though. I&#039;m 22 now and I decided to try something else. As soon as I stopped the pills my sex drive came back so it&#039;s been great. I didn&#039;t get pregnant so it wasn&#039;t too bad."
"I suffer from severe arthritis of hips and knees and they need to be replaced.  My Dr put me on belbuca along with my other pain meds and I&#039;m just gonna tell you belbuca is a joke. Thanks to all you junkies out there people like me that suffer everyday from chronic pain literally are forced on this drug because all you crack heads want to get high. You will eventually start trying to abuse this and they will ban it as well. Because you find anyway to abuse something thanks to you all. Think of this when you get hurt real bad and need pain meds and the Dr won&#039;t give you any because they don&#039;t make them anymore. Think of that and I hope you finally see for your self, but belbuca is a joke"
"I have been on this medication since possibly the beginning of February it is now May and two months after taking it I started having constant breakthrough bleeding one day good one day bad some days clotting some days not my doctor has up the dosage to 4 pills a day which is 20mg still has not stopped the bleeding.. as of today I&#039;m going to stop taking the pill to see how the bleeding subsides and if I get a menstrual period I would rather have a complete proper menstrual period than this constant everyday bleeding. I was only taking it to build up my blood and stop my menstrual to have a partial hysterectomy which is scheduled Aug 7th but I would rather have  a regular menstrual and build up my blood another way then constantly be bleeding every other day.."
"Nerve pain after total knee replacement.  The nerve pain is in toes, they feel very cold but when felt the are really warm. After a couple of weeks on lyrica I getting hive like itches mainly on arms"
"Do not buy Ducolax! I&#039;ve rarely been that sick! Worst side effects ever!!! I may be sounding a bit dramatic but I&#039;m on my own and thought I was going to die on my bathroom floor... Awful experience. Never again!"
"Today, my 1st time taking unisom. I took a unisom gel at 20:07and its 22:00 already and still wide awake. 
Since it&#039;s only been 2hrs the side effects haven&#039;t Kik in yet (if I even get them) I heard its supposed to make you fall asleep 30 mins after taking it well so far to me is not working."
"I have been diagnosed over the years, in turn, as having (1) atypical anxiety; (2) PTSD; (3) bipolar 2; (4) MDD.   I have been on many drugs over the years and most recently, Zoloft (stopped due to severe insomnia); Cymbalta (stopped due to sexual side effects); Latuda (stopped due to insomnia) and most recently, Rexulti.  My mood and depression have greatly improved over the course of a week being on this drug, but the insomnia it engenders is very difficult.  I wake every 2 hours and have to really work, with relaxation tapes, to get back to sleep, or I occasionally take  .5 mg Klonopin. I have an extremely demanding work life and the lack of sleep is a big issue.  If it resolves, I will say I&#039;m very satisfied with this drug."
"32 year old, realised I had ED about an year ago, being fast and with erections less than 100%. 4th day on Cialis 5mg daily dose and all that I can say is Wow! Rock hard erections, long lasting. I warmly recommend it to anybody with this issue. The shipping cost me a lot, but you can get it for about 70 pounds in England"
"I&#039;m still new to this medication, but it has been life-changing! I am able to do things that have been impossible the last few years, thanks to Vimovo.  Methotrexate made me sick, Celebrex caused heart palpitations, but -- so far -- no side effects from the Vimovo. I highly recommend anyone with rheumatoid arthritis ask his/her doctor about using it as a possible treatment method!"
"My legs have uncontrollably itched on and off for over 5 years and nothing would help until I start using AmLactin. I would recommend this to anyone I LOVE it."
"I was on Depo for twoish years. The first year was great spotted 3 months in and then never had a period at all. And then beginning mid second year everything changed. My mood swings were though the roof I gained 10-15 lbs I felt depressed. It definitely does the job of preventing pregnancy but the side effects were through the roof. I live an active lifestyle work out 2-5x a week and have been doing weight watchers for 1 year my weight is always up and down but I feel like its a cycle. I get motivated for a few weeks lose a few pounds and then get depressed and stop caring. I talked to my doctor and she does believe it is from depo. So I went back on the pill."
"I have been on this drug for about 9 days now. I started off with a pill twice a day for a week and now I&#039;m taking it 3 times a day. Honestly my anxiety is still here full force. I depend on my girlfriend to go with me everywhere but now I have to get used to her being gone so now I&#039;ve been getting more anxiety trying to go out and do stuff on my own. I just want to be happy and be able to go run my errands. Buspirone didn&#039;t even touch my anxiety. I became very angry and irritable and it&#039;s starting fights between me and my girlfriend. She had to leave me by myself today because my anger was stressing her out. I&#039;ve developed an &quot;I don&#039;t care&quot; attitude and it has freaked me out. I&#039;m done taking this drug. Everyone is different but be cautious."
"Before starting Accutane, I read through reviews online and I got to say... most of them scared the poo out of me. Intense side effects &amp; bad reviews. But let me tell you, I have been on 40mg for 2 months once a day, then 40mg twice a day for another 2 months &amp; it is a miracle. My face has cleared up so much; I am so grateful for this medicine. Yes, there are side effect my lips have never been this chapped in my life, my skin is very dry and I&#039;ve had minimum 12 nose bleeds (pre Accutane - never had one before in my life). I do have a month or maybe two-three left on it my nurse said, but I believe it is all worth it. I have never experienced any horrible body aches or any of the other horror stories. Stick with it till the end!!"
"Update 3: So I&#039;ve had Skyla for about 3-4 months now and I HATE IT!! After about the first month I loved it! But now I am having bad cystic acne, I&#039;ve gained 12 pounds since being on it, and bad itchy bacteria infections &quot;down there&quot;. I want to get this out so bad!!!"
"The best medicine for my child.  Insurance will no longer pay for it so it costs $374.00 for 30 pills.

Sadly, we cannot afford this, so my child is going to have to suffer.  Life is going to be very hard.  The drug companies and their price gouging need to be investigated."
"To DIVERGIRL

Just bring your rx to another pharmacy and don&#039;t give them any insurance info...tell them u don&#039;t have any and you only have the coupon card..it shouldn&#039;t cost you more than 60-70$"
"I have only been on Dalmane for a few days, actually only have needed to take it like three times (not in a row) because it is so powerful that Im actually tired in the morning, but a good kind of tired....    Restoril I would wake up between 3-4am wide awake like I slept for 15 hours when it had only been 4 hours!  I like the fact that I do not need to take it everyday which is an added benefit for me! and I agree with the previous posts, it does give me a calmer effect in the mornings.  I actually SLEEP throughout the whole night, and I do not have a &quot;blackout&quot; effect that I have with other sleep rx&#039;s   where I do not remember what happened during the night if I did anything....   not my thing!!!    I had no idea it was an old medication."
"I was on Latuda, for 23 days for my post traumatic stress disorder, manic attacks, etc.  At first it seemed to be working.  By day 19, I began having uncontrollable muscle shaking. The last day I took it, my throat started closing up. My tongue was stuck to the roof of my mouth.  Luckily, I had some Xanax.  Otherwise I&#039;d been in the ER. I couldn&#039;t sleep, think clearly, or simply sit still. I&#039;m sure for some people this medication is helpful.  It scared me, cause I was having problems swallowing, and breathing."
"Love this medication, have had absolutely no bad side effects with it. Actually lost weight and have less acne. Minimal cramping, and very light periods. Just shows how it is different for everyone!"
"Like others have reported, worked first couple of days, then not so much. However, with some tweaking, for me, I now take it at least one hour (not 1/2 hour as directed) before I eat in the morning and works every time! Literally, before Linzess, would not have a BM without a laxative for 2 weeks. So, Linzess is a miracle drug for me!"
"Have been on these for 3 days.  Having really bad oily anal discharge but can only assume it&#039;s because I ate chocolate birthday cake last night. I&#039;m too scared to eat anything fatty now. I can&#039;t risk this happening at work or on the train!  I was on these before a few years ago and they didn&#039;t do anything for me. Hopefully they&#039;ll work this time as I&#039;m a lot heavier than I was then."
"Avoid this like the plague! I have had irreversible damage to my metabolic system because of this medication including my thyroid. Evidence came out after the medications release that they hid these symptoms to get a quick release. Gained 30lbs in 2 months on this. I weaned off 10 years ago and am still dealing with the ramifications of this drug. Not worth it."
"Totally awesome. I was diagnosed over 25 yrs ago with Crohns. I take 1000mg 3 times a day of Pentasa and 50mgs of mercaptopurine once a day and I have only had 2 flare ups. With proper diet exercise and medications taken as directed daily on a regular schedule remission and normal life is possible."
"Had my nexplanon inserted with no pain 3 years ago. I didn&#039;t have my menstrual for almost the entire duration. Hormones did not affect my mood or weight but may have worsened my acne. Removal and reinsertion was almost painless and took a total of 9 minutes done in one visit. Definitely recommend!"
"I have been taking 20 mg for about 2 months and it is great for me. It helps my bi- polar depression and anxiety."
"This is my first and only birth control I&#039;ve taken. Never felt a need to change birth control. Never had any pregnacies and didn&#039;t experience any side effects other than gaining a few pounds in the beginning (which I didn&#039;t mind at all because I am pretty skinny). This pill is awesome"
"As a spouse of a Vimpat user I can tell you what I have observed. First on all it completely stopped the seizures. My wife has returned to work and is driving. She does not have depression or shows any physical side effect. However recently she has had some trouble sleeping and some memory problems. Nothing dangerous just annoying. She does have hormone rushes but we are not sure if it is from Vimpat or her age she is 54. So far this is the best medicine she has been on. When first diagnosed she tried others but they made her very depressed. She is a little short tempered but nothing we can&#039;t live with."
"I&#039;ve had allergies (Hayfever) my whole life, since I was 5 years old. I&#039;ve been taking a perscribed medicine called Dexaphen SA for the most part of it.  It seems to be the same as Drixoral, or very close to it.  These are the only medicines that helps me recover.  Without it, I will keep getting worse, and eventually will end up with a sinus infection. This is the best medicine I have ever used to get rid of allergy symptoms.  Please start making it again, I can&#039;t find it at any pharmacy."
"Never take this drug.on the 9th day of my 10 day prescription I experienced stabbing pain in my legs. I have never had any reaction to a medicine before and these were totally unfamiliar pains. It is over a month and I can barely walk. This should not be on the market."
"These are the ONLY prenatals that don&#039;t constipate me at all AND don&#039;t have a stool softener, which I am glad for.  I don&#039;t like the idea of relying on stool softeners for such a lengthy amount of time.  I don&#039;t get any aftertaste etc. from them.  It&#039;s tough to shuck out 40 bucks a month for vitamins, but knowing I&#039;ll be able to have normal bowel movements makes it worth it."
"worked great!!! but it made my skin itch all night."
"Mid life generalized anxiety disorder. Prescribed Lexapro 5  weeks ago and it&#039;s finally working.
I feel normal for the 1st time in years. 4  weeks of anxiety and flat emotions. But the flat feeling is normal, not the excessive swings in feelings and mood that often cause great anxiety. Things don&#039;t bother me so much now, and the racing thoughts don&#039;t cause much problem. Just stop them or write them down and don&#039;t feel overwhelmed by things to do.
Lexapro is a real life saver, just wish I&#039;d been able to try it several years ago, the BiPolar misdiagnosis really caused problems.
Anyone thinking about giving up this medicine during the 1st few weeks, stick it out, I did and it&#039;s a miracle!"
"The first several times of using this nasal spray almost made me barf. Actually, come to think of it, I did barf. However, I will say that this is the MOST effective nasal spray on the market! Most websites with information about Dymista (even their own website) are stating that it takes up to a week for the medication to work.  I have not had to wait that long.  For me, the spray works within seconds. I have allergies all year round. I visited my allergist and had a skin prick test done...allergic to everything...trees, pollen, dust, cockroach dust, grass, ..anything you can think of. I am not happy about the price, and am very hopeful that soon, the price will drop a little. "
"I am a 52 year old male, an RN, weighed in at 330 lbs prior to starting this medication.  Poor diet, I could never get &quot;full&quot;.  I snacked between snacks, ate high carbs and fat.  I was taking BP med and low dose SSRI, Lexapro 5mg daily for social anxiety.  I started Belviq 10mg 2/9/15.  I also started a diet consisting of 800 calories/day.  I have eliminated all dairy and processed carbs, no bread, no pasta, no cereal, nothing.  I also minimize my fat intake. An apple and coffee for breakfast, a chik breast, apple and salad for lunch and dinner. My snack is 1 cup nonfat cottage cheese.  25 days later, I have lost 25 lbs, am rarely hungry, and feel GREAT with no side effects. Wait till I start exercising! This med is a true lifesaver!"
"After first two years of trigeminal neuralgia without drugs I finally gave in and began Tegretol XR at only 200MG a day. It halved my pain and made &quot;life livable&quot; again... dragging my feet on asking for an upped dosage since I fear it may lose its effectiveness."
"This is the only medication that has relieved the pain due to osteoarthritis, in my knees.  A side effect I had was sleepiness and drowsiness."
"I gained 13 pounds rapidly I was only on the medication for less than a month. I also experienced asthma type symptoms. I am not an overweight person and I am very athletic but was diagnosed with HBP. I stopped taking Benicar and my lungs are back to normal and the weight gained stopped. I know it was the medication because the extra weight went away."
"I have been on nexplanon for about 10 months. It&#039;s been hell. My mood swings have been out of control and my depression has been way worse ever since I have been on this birth control. I could not be more excited to have it removed on Monday. If you struggle with depression DO NOT get on nexplanon. It will only make it worse."
"It has significantly slowed my periods down....I was bleeding for weeks at a time and stopping for a couple days and then bleeding again....I have now been 3 months of off and on spotting for a week but that&#039;s much better than before.....yes I have been a little more emotional than normal but no major side effects like I had read before I got the shot. I have only had one dose and am due in 2 weeks for my next so hopefully it will continue to be a positive experience!"
"It makes me mellow."
"I also tried 5 to 10mg Prozac. This dose is much less stimulating, doesn&#039;t numb up your emotions as much, and can orgasm more easily than 20mg. Orgasming and feeling my emotions are too important to me to go higher than this dose. This lower dose is just as effective for my anxiety, stress, and depression as the 20mg was. This dose also helps with headache prevention, IBS, PMS, SAD, CFS, poor immune function, and body aches caused by chronic infections such as Epstein Barr."
"Have been on Saxenda 11 days and have lost about 12 lbs. No side effects at all except for minor bruising 1 or 2 times at injection site. KILLS the hunger. Loving this. Am a former gastric bypass pt (9 yrs ago, and had gained 20 lbs over past 2 yrs, so knew it was time to stop. Love Saxenda!"
"Taking for heavy periods -Pain from beginning - three weeks constant- cramps and stomach nausea, now an infection fever, stomach sharp pain and weight gain, hair loss, weight gain already! , swelling in face  - only good thing is that I am able to sleep after pain med and am only spotting  -I will be getting this out -"
"I started taking this medicine on 1/1/2016. I actually went to the doctor to ask Dr about Belviq which is another weight loss drug but Dr said it was very expensive and he said that he heard it was not very effective. So today had been 16 days since I started taking Contrave. My starting wight was 253lbs and this morning when I weighed in I weighed 238. Yes that&#039;s 15lbs in 16 days I was super excited. This is just the beginning of my long life journey and I hope it continues to allow this weight to come off. So far this medicine has not had any side effects since I have been taking it . As I continue to lose weight I will give you more updates."
"I had no problems with this medication it smells good kinda like a light vanilla scent and the taste isn&#039;t bad at all I love it. I have a peanut allergy so I have to be careful with the prenatal vitamins I buy but my Dr gave me these a few packs of these and it works great. I haven&#039;t had any problems at all so now I just need to find out where they sell these at or if I can get a prescription for it. This will be my 5th kid and out of all the prenatal vitamins I ever took these are definitely the best"
"Metformin works!! After 2 months of taking 500mg a day I had regular periods and after 6 months of taking 500mg a day I&#039;m now pregnant also in 5 months I lost 3 and a 1/2 stone by doing absolutely nothing different except metformin. Reduced PMS symptoms. Yes sometimes it made me feel queasy but that was only when I had a empty stomach, my advice to you is keep going stop worrying about it and give it a chance. If you think too much into problems it usually only makes them worse. Good luck ladies xx"
"I&#039;ve had moderate to severe low back pain for over 20 years due to herniated discs. After years of being handed Percocet (which only worked about an hour for me) and everything up to straight OxyContin, I think I have found something that works!  It&#039;s only been about a month, but in combination with Percocet, the severe pain has been minimized. I gave it an 8 because I never want to over hype a medication and I&#039;ve only been on this about a month."
"Years ago they did not have Xanax. I had panic attacks and this medicine saved me from losing my job for fear of driving! IT was my salvation from the terrible panic attacks!"
"Started taking  60mg of this medicine for ADD &amp;  anxiety triggered my ADD. 
It took about a week to hit my system, while it helped somewhat with my ADD. It wasn&#039;t major. I was still forgetting things like crazy and was able to be side tract. 

It&#039;s been 13 days and I&#039;m stopping it today. 
It has made me an emotional WRECK!!!! I&#039;ve had CRAZY mood swings like seen in a damn horror movie.
Yesterday, I woke up happy then saw puppy shit on the floor and I LOST IT. 
I was a crying wreck. It was so bad I laid on my floor and screamed tears! I&#039;ve never been depressed insane. 
Couldn&#039;t find my shoes- crying screaming mess again. 
Left the laundry in the washer over night- another HUGE breakdown."
"Amitiza has saved my life...seriously. My problem was so bad that I was in danger of rupturing my  colon.  I ended up in ER and they could not help me so they had to admit me. Needless to say drinking a gallon of nasty stuff and the most embarrassing procedure of my life....i stayed up all night and when they discharged me the Dr gave me Amitiza to take 2 a day. I would recommend you start at 8mg and see how that works.  24 for me took some getting adjusted to so I took 1 a day and if no bm then i took the 2nd.  Right now if I do  not take 2 a day....I have problems...serious problems. But for me Amitiza is $24 for 60 but I would pay 200 if that is what it took to NEVER go back to ER with this problem"
"Helped with anxiety but not as much for depression. I had to get off this medicine because it caused me to put on 100lbs in 2 years. I&#039;ve been off for a year and lost 80lbs. Kind of defeats the purpose of medicine if it causes such weight gain."
"I would have given this a 10 rating, it is so effective, but it drops my blood pressure severely. For me that&#039;s not exactly a problem because I have such a high BP but it is a caution for someone who does not. Now I am in the process of trying to establish how much and how often to take it to be safe with the blood pressure and not knowing if I can actually take true blood pressure medicines or not while on this. The doctor prescribed 4mg four times a day but I had to start with 1mg once a day and work up because of feeling &quot;drunk&quot; and the blood pressure problem. Both are changing as I adjust so I don&#039;t know what the final dose/times will be. As for pain I think this is so much better than Soma. Enough so that I am more than willing to work out the adjustments."
"Very smooth mood stabilizer, no side effects. I take 1200 mg/d."
"I was put on this by my gp for depression. I started at 10mg tablets but didn&#039;t really do much so doctor agreed I could up it to 20mg but still I couldn&#039;t see it helping in anyway. I started having panic attacks and feeling worse than before taking them although I am not self harming like I used to. I took the decision to up it myself last Thursday to 40mg but it&#039;s still not helping. I&#039;m also on the contraceptive pill (due to having PCOS) and my periods have got heavy and painful aswell as very frequent (bleeding for 7 days then off 5 repeated) I feel like I&#039;m losing control of my own body and don&#039;t feel the citalopram helps me. 
The side effects of the citalopram when I first started wasn&#039;t as bad as I was expecting though."
"Well I have been on Ambien CR 12.5 mg for close to 6 years now and absolutely love it. I think it is the best thing since sliced bread. I developed insomnia when I started doing shift work and tried everything under the sun starting with melatonin, Benadryl, Restoril and all the new ones that have come out since and although some were helpful with helping me fall asleep, they did not keep me asleep past the 3-4 hour mark..so the Ambient CR has been great for me."
"Lamital works great but side effect for me is weight gain. I have been using it for two years. To counteract the weight gain I was put on Prozac. It helped to lose the weight but other side effects caused me to discontine it."
"Because I&#039;m currently being treated for depression, anxiety, compulsive habits, and insomnia, my doctor didn&#039;t want to add ADHD medicine to the mix. I&#039;ve had horrible anxiety along with my ADHD my whole life. Not to mention my insomnia, so it was very hard to tell whether the Vivarin worked for me. I would take it occasionally, and when I took it, it just made me even more anxious and jumpy. It could be the way the medication is realesed. But I must say, one cup of coffee or one monster, bam, I instantly have an elevated mood along with increased attention and concentration. I do get shaky but very minor. For anyone out there who is concerned about their ADHD, I definitely recommend experimenting with caffeine, it is very helpful."
"I was on this birth control for 8-9 years! My period would come like clock work, every Tuesday of the 4th week around 9-10am. Really no side effects. Unfortunately, my body got used to this pill causing me to start to spot in between periods and my spotting/period would last for days. I have been looking for a birth control for the last YEAR that has had the same positive effect on my body as Necon did for so long."
"Was in an unstable relationship and needed a preventative to avoid pregnancy. I went to my doctor and he suggested the Mirena. He explained that my periods might disappear for a while and it&#039;s %99 effective so it was a go for me. Thankfully the insertion wasn&#039;t very painful. Right afterwards I was told the bleeding and soreness was normal for the first several weeks. As told, the bleeding and pain eventually stopped but yeast infections, feminine odor, discharge and dryness became regular.  I also gained weight. The only good thing was that it was preventing pregnancy. After 2 years my relationship ended and I couldn&#039;t wait to get it out. My doctor is awesome, explained that those side effects were normal and took it out."
"I am a college student and I have to say this is by far the best ADHD medication I have taken. I was taking Adderall XR prior and was having major anxiety attacks/mood swings and just never really adjusted to it, so my doctor switched me to Concerta. It has helped me tremendously, I am finding it so much easier to focus and complete tasks, I have gone from C&#039;s to the deans list over the last year. I feel no side effects, I take the extended release medication early in the morning so it lasts all day but does not interfere with my sleep patterns. I would recommend this medication, it has worked wonders for me!"
"I absolutely LOVE this product!!!! For several years I have been battling my dark spots on my upper lip and cheeks.  I just couldn&#039;t go anywhere without packing on a heavy coat of makeup.  Thanks to my wonderful dermatologist that recommended &quot;Tri-Luma&quot;.  I&#039;m happy to say I don&#039;t need the heavy cover-up makeup or any makeup at all.  I notice the results within a week.  It is a bit pricey, however i was able to find several coupons on the web.  The total price was only $100, and sooooooo worth it!!!"
"I am a 21 years old, healthy young girl. I was on YAZ for 8 months before noticing any changes, all was well. One day I noticed a deep blue vein on my inner calf and thought nothing of it.  Today I currently have spider veins and countless thick veins from my feet to thigh. I have countless days where I am in so much pain I do not want to get out of bed, my legs burn and ache to the point where I am in tears. I currently have to wear compression socks for the rest of my life and even with the socks and elevating my feet I am still in pain, I have to have constant Dr appointment to monitor for DVT, (deep vein thrombosis) this is all because of YAZ. My entire life is impacted because of YAZ I have to take ASA everyday now. I will never recommend YAZ"
"I started Phentermine 30mg in October 2017.  As if November 2017, I am now on Phen 37.5. Starting weight 237, now 222lbs.  So far, so good.  one thing I noticed today that I was eating even though I was not hungry.  If my mind states I should eat, I did.  That stopped today after gaining 3 lbs back this past week.  I have increased my water intake and stepped up my exercise routine from 30 minutes to 45 minutes.  Hope this helps me reach my goal."
"I have been severely bipolar since I can remember. My emotions controlled me instead of the other way around my whole life. It&#039;s tough to convey my struggles in a short quip. I am on 20mg of Lexapro and for the first time in my life (34 yrs) I feel normal. I take it before bed with Unisom. My life has changed drastically in one month. I went from drinking and drugs 2-4 times a week to waking up at 7 and keeping a schedule. I notice and feel a huge difference in my thoughts, not racing. I noticed that symptom gone immediately. Mood swings, gone. Depression, still shows itself but more moments of peace and clarity. I am a happy gal."
"I use it for nausea.  It works wonders for me."
"I have been prescribed and have been taking cialis 5 mg to help my BPH symptoms and libido for over a year.  Cialis has not helped either of these problems what so ever.  A total disappointed."
"I had never had psoriasis until age 50 it came on all of a sudden pretty much all over my body and nothing worked to get rid of it. I started the Stelara injections 10-7-13 and was amazed at how it cleared. I also was using the vitamin d cream at night. Just had my second injection 11-7-13 yet this time it did not work near as well.  The psoriasis is back and getting as bad as it was prior to the first shot.  It&#039;s a bummer because the next injection won&#039;t be for 3 months. Just so happens had my yearly blood work 10-14 and my cholesterol was 280/170 it has never been that high. I am also a breast cancer survivor and remembered the first time to have them inject my right arm as I had lymph nodes removed from the left side wonder if thatmatter"
"I started implanon May of 2010 and it was great for the first 9 months or so. I would have a period every few months, but when I did, it was for about a month. I didn&#039;t mind it at first, but now I have a period every month for a month. Yes, now it is &quot;regular&quot;, I&#039;m just hoping my periods will get shorter in the long run.

On the bright side, I&#039;m not pregnant and haven&#039;t had to take pills all the time."
"I slept like the dead when I took this which was great cuz I had horrible PPD and hadn&#039;t slept in weeks. But I gained 60 lbs in two months. I would retain so much water I felt like I was going to explode. Plus, anorgasmia so I discontinued it after 9 months. Horrible withdrawal."
"Medication has worked well for me, with no side effects. I find sitting in a warm bath with low lighting is the most effective way to let the medication work."
"I have been using Copaxone for over a year and have had no side effects and no problems with multiple sclerosis."
"I have found this herb to be an invaluable part of self-maintenance.  Though I do not always take it, months will go by when I do not feel the need, I have relied on it for over a decade.  I come from a family with a history of depression and am one of the few that has never needed an anti-depressant drug.
One word of caution:  once a bottle of st. john&#039;s wort is open, I find that it loses potency with in a month or so.  I&#039;d stay away from large bottles, be careful how it&#039;s stored and there are other herbs that compliment it nicely: DMAE (not to be confused with the hormone DHEA!), valerian and such.
Good luck!"
"Very effective daily use 2 x 75mg per day. Hell if you forget one or two though. Now dependent on it!"
"Zyrtec works incredibly well for my severe ragweed allergy.  However, each fall I&#039;ve noticed it&#039;s making me more and more drowsy, to the point that I don&#039;t want to do anything and I&#039;m needing naps in the afternoon.  I think I&#039;m going to have to discontinue it, which is frustrating because it works much better than the other meds I&#039;ve tried."
"I started this pill because I no longer have health insurance and mine was hundreds of dollars and I am DYING for my new insurance to start because this pill is HORRIBLE!! I went from not having periods to having one every other week, pretty much diminishing my sex life with my boyfriend all together. If I&#039;m not on my period then I&#039;m in extreme abdominal and back pain. This is a nightmare."
"The first birth control I was on I gained 15 lbs in 5 months, my doctor switched me to Yaz. I had no weight loss and no side effects other then a decrease in my sexual drive, three months ago I started taking Beyaz. I have gained 12 lbs in 3 months of taking it! Nothing in my daily routine has changed to make me gain that kind of weight."
"I am 6&#039; tall and began taking this medication on July 29th.  At the time that I started taking this medication, I was 270 pounds.  Today, I am 253.  I feel excellent and have had the energy and motivation to get outside and exercise.  The only adverse effects that I have noticed is a dry mouth (constantly) which can be relieved by sugar free lemon candy. Also, I have noticed blurry vision.  I have went to 2 eye doctors to figure out the problem and both have stated that it is dry eyes. The doctor recommended a lubricating eye drop.  I have been using them for about a week and have noticed improvement.  I have tried Belviq and Qsymia and had 0 results.  Contrave is the best that I have found!  And, the scaledown program... Amazing!"
"You would have to be crazy to take Ativan.  I took 1-2 mg 2x a day for 6 months and had withdrawal symptoms for almost 4 years after stopping over a 2 week period per my doctor. If you think your life is bad before taking Ativan just wait until you experience the withdrawal and after effects of this poison.  After 2 years still had vibrating hyper sensitive vision and hearing .  Burning in your nerves especially in your feet.  Forget sleep all you do is lie in bed awake for me almost 2 years dreaming while awake.  That part was the most torturous part of the med.  The FDA needs to remove Ativan from FDA approval immediately."
"I have had a great experience with Klonopin. It has really saved my life. I tried Buspar and other SSRIs to help with my Anxiety but they never really took care of it. I was in a really bad funk about 6 months ago and the anxiety just kept building up. I went to my psych doc and she prescribed me Klonopin as needed at about 0.5mg a day. It makes me feel good through most days but with increased stress at work I feel I have to take a little more. I say, if it works take it. 10 out of 10 for me. It has given me back my life."
"Me &amp; my boyfriend were having sex when all of a sudden his condom broke &amp; the oops happened. I took this pill 67 hours later I thought it was very late to take it. But it wasn&#039;t. I had no side effects &amp; also got my period right on time. Thanks Plan B."
"I had my first baby at 15 years old, I was not on any method of Birth Control. I have been on the pill ever since I was 16 years old. Stopped the pill at 24 to have a baby and had twins. Then went back on it for 5 years and stopped it to have another baby, then started the pill again. After 15 months I stopped the pill to have another baby and been on it since. This pill is wonderful. I would reccoment it to anybody. They work very well."
"It completely cured my constant runny nose, and I feel great.  No side effects at all!  I use it two or three times a day as prescribed by my doctor."
"For pneumonia, I was prescribed 250mg for 2 weeks. Pneumonia still lingering, so I&#039;ve now been prescribed double the dose at 500mg. I am now experiencing the bitter, metallic taste, but so long as it works!"
"my son was for a short period of time on tenex for impulsive control at the age of 8 years  it kind of worked since it turned him into a zombie he had no energy was starting to nap after school he has not napped since he was a baby. we took him of tenex after a few weeks. for last 3 years after stopping the Meds he is complaining about headaches and has random nose bleeds&#039; think the biggest mistake we made was listen to the Dr. and teachers pushing Meds."
"I am always prescribed Macrobid for UTIs, and it has always worked for me. It does cause some side effects, but for me it is usually just fatigue for a few hours after taking it and a bit of diarrhea near the end once the infection is gone but I am still finishing up the meds. I know some people get more severe side effects, but I have always been lucky on this drug."
"I have had trouble with finding the right birth control in the past. I tried pills, Nuvaring, Intrauterine devices, Depo Provera shots, but all of those gave me side effects...mainly weight gain, headaches, feeling sluggish, slipping out of place, inconvenience, etc. My doctor recommended the Nexplanon and I love it. It&#039;s so convenient and no worries for 3 years. I&#039;ve had it for 9 months now. there was a bruise where they inserted it in my arm and it was a bit sore for about 3 days. A week after getting the birth control, I got my period which lasted 8 days. The following month my period was only 5 days, with some spotting in between periods. Then after the third month I got a light period. Spotting stopped in between periods. Now I have been period free for 6 months."
"In early November of 2016, I was  Diagnosed with PCOS. I was prescribed birth control named &quot; Tri-Sprintec&quot;,and a 100 mg per pill diuretic named, &quot;spiralactone.&quot; The reason I was easily diagnosed with PCOS is due to the unbelievable painful menstrual periods I would experience time after time. Not only that, random black hairs would pop up around my face and I&#039;d have to constantly, routinely, pluck my chin for to get rid of the single course black stubborn hairs. Before I had my medication my acne and facial hair was terrible my depression and anxiety made me want to hide.  After 3 months of the combinations it meds I have notice an instant improvement to my skin.  I can&#039;t wait  for the day where I&#039;m  completely acne free"
"I tried this for my pain from a  3 disc spinal fusion and I might as well have spread melted chocolate for all the good these things do. I tried the box of 20 patches, ingredients camphor, wintergreen and methyl salicylate. Don&#039;t waste your money. All you do is walk around reeking of camphor and wintergreen, and it has almost NO effect as far as pain. The ads for this are very deceiving. I&#039;d rate this product with a minus if I had the option."
"This drug is great. I have been more stable than ever, since I started taking it. I have to take it at night though, because it makes me super sleepy if I take it during the day. I can hardly sleep and get manicky if I don&#039;t take it for a while. I don&#039;t get any side effects either. I was taking two 80mg pills at night, but now I only take two 60 mg pills. I lost weight while on this medication. Sleepiness is HORRIBLE if I take it during the day. I, at one point, was taking 80mg twice per day, but I almost got fired! I would fall asleep at work. It was an uncontrollable sleepiness. No matter what I did to stay awake, I couldn&#039;t. two 80mg at night made me sleep until real late, so that&#039;s why I take two 60mg pills at night. Haven&#039;t been manic."
"I have been on a Belviq since 1/1/2015 and was not losing any weight. I went to my doctor on 1/31/2015 and she said I did lose 7lbs. I was shocked Because when we&#039;d weigh in at work weekly I wasn&#039;t seeing high numbers. My doctor says slow and steady wins the race. I guess she is right! As of this Monday I am down from 182 to 171 and couldn&#039;t be happier. Love the results."
"I have been taking Wellbutrin for 8 plus years. Then went to SR, then XL.  Helped with my ADHD with Adderall too.   Went off for about a year and started back. 
To save money went to generic 150mg XL - they were great.  When Dr. suggested increasing back to 300mg daily (as previously) I agreed. I started taking the 300mg XL generics - the symptoms returned.  I noticed when I opened the bottle there as a noxious odor given off.  After 4 weeks couldn&#039;t stand the smell and returned the rest of the pills to my pharmacy.  They replaced them and said they would look into the problem.  The 150 mg SR generics stink too. Only the 150mg XL generics don&#039;t."
"I advise anyone issued this medication to refuse it and ask for an alternative. I was prescribed this to take 1 every 12 hours for the first 2 days after that 1 for 8 days for an infected finger. I had a very small cut which I had used antibiotic cream on and it made my finger itch and then swell. There was no pain present and the cut had disappeared however my finger was swollen and very itchy. I went to the hospital urgent care here in Spain and as I am allergic to penicillin I was given the levoflaxcino. First day no problems, second day I couldn&#039;t stand up due to severe cramps, I was not sleeping, felt anxious and uneasy. I also began experimenting tightness and pain in the arches on my feet when walking. I still have pain in my feet."
"Ineffective for me. I had to stop taking it twice and the withdrawal was AWFUL! It was like what I would imagine heroin withdrawal from heroin. I highly suggest NO one use this drug for that reason."
"My experience is the same except, after the initial dose it took 4 hrs for anything to happen!! Didn&#039;t get to bed until after 1:30AM. It was non stop. Woke up at 4:15 and had two more BMs. Barely made it to the bathroom. Got the second dose down (it is such an awful taste, I stared at it for about 25 mins mustering up the courage!) This time the effects were immediate. The only issue is that after one hour, I vomited spontaneously and as one can imagine, with the force of the projection, I was exploding at both ends. It was so humiliating. On top of that, with all the wiping, my bum is so sore I can barely sit now! My procedure is in 2 hours and I am afraid to drive there. Not sure when the second dose effects will stop. Scared!"
"So I&#039;ve been taking this pill for two months and right off, I got some bad side affects. I&#039;m always tired and moody. I lose my appetite or I&#039;m just too nauseous to eat. I even have more freckles and got acne, which I didn&#039;t have before. The only good that came out of this pill, is I get my period and I lost weight."
"I was given this to combat the extreme loss in libido I get from taking SSRIs (Lexapro) it fixed the problem and made me function quite normally once again, but made me have big waves of depression. Denitely not the medicine for me, but if you&#039;re looking to recover sexual functioning back, this is worth a shot."
"I started Adipex 4/16 exactly 6 days ago. I started at 181lbs I am now down to 176.4lbs. I have had occasional headaches and dry mouth, but as long as I keep losing this weight I need to lose I can deal with it.  My goal is to lose all my pregnancy weight I put on with my second baby. 28 more pounds to go!!"
"I&#039;m almost done with my first month of the pill. So far, its been quite a ride. I noticed a change in my acne right away, so I was super optimistic.. and then my period was late by about a week.. and then I got super moody and today i am stuck in bed vommitting. To me, its a small price to pay for clear skin and pregnancy free. The pill is extremely effective."
"I took this medicine for a sinus infection. Worked great for that but the side effects for me were unbearable.  On day 7 of the medicine I had the worst stomach cramps that I have ever had and diarrhea. Sleepiness was a constant, slept all day and night. Had no desire to eat at all.  Had chills, cough, fever, severe headaches, irritability, heartburn and greatly decreased frequency of urination.  "
"I have been searching for a medication for 10 years that would work. Thank goodness for this one. FINALLY"
"I&#039;ve been on 50mg for about 3 months now. Practically no side effects to begin with and immediate relief of anxiety. A litlle too sleepy to begin with. Today I am feeling optimistic, less negative thinking and overall a lot better. With time the sexual side effects have turned stronger - I basically have very little sex drive and cannot orgasm. Occasionally I have very mild anxiety as I have stayed on 50mg despite the doctor having told me to increase the dosage. But the overall result is very positive and I will only change it if the sexual issues become too uncomfortable."
"This medicine completely got rid of all of my nightmares the first night I took it. It has been a few months now and I&#039;ve only gone up one more mg so it is still working great. For me though, the great benefit was that it got rid of all of my dreams not just nightmares and for me that was a big relief."
"I&#039;m currently taking this for an ear infection and it seem to be working fine. My ear isn&#039;t swollen or hurting any longer and I can hear out of my ear again. It&#039;s day 4 of my 10 day supply. I still feel a little blockage so I can tell that I not fully healed yet. I&#039;m taking this along with some medicated ear drops. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effect at all. The reviews about this had me scared but I think drugs work with little to no side effects when you have a healthy diet so that&#039;s why I haven&#039;t experienced anything. I say this because anytime I have to take a drug for something I look up the reviews and they are horrid but somehow I never have side effects."
"I got the pill from my family doctor as a sample pack. He said i should try it since i have been having acne problems since i gave birth. First month was fine, on my 2nd pack a week after my period I started bleeding again. I was just on the 4th pill on the first row. The blood was browny in color not the usual red. I am also having hip pains , really bad ones,  back pains and breathing problems. At one point I felt like i was having a heart attack. Not sure if it was related to the pill but I didn&#039;t have this before. I decided to stop the pill let my extra period finish and I would go back to my old pill."
"My daughter was put on this for her ADHD and it has worked reasonably thus far. We weren&#039;t looking for a miracle cure as everything has its pros and cons. We have Tricare Prime and I pay $25 a month for her bottle."
"Red, itching rash on inside of right arm.  1%prescribed by dematologist to be used twice a day.  Have used it for 21 days and have not been given any relief.  Will see doctor again in two day for a solution as this has not helped other than giving some immediate itching relief for a brief time."
"Periodically on Flagyl bc of crohns and rarely drink,  however I was on it during holidays a couple years ago and toasted the celebration with a half glass of champagne. 3 hours later I was burning up &amp; felt like my chest was abt to explode.  1hour after that the vomiting began. I puked my guts up for 15 hours,  had to go to ER for dehydration and was miserable for another day.  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ALCOHOL,  EVEN IN TINY AMOUNTS WHILE ON THIS DRUG. IT&#039;LL RUIN YOUR NEXT DAY OR TWO."
"I&#039;m terrified of medication.... Basically a phobia, I have severe panic attacks.... If your like me... Try this drug! Made me confident around anyone! Amazing drug for anyone with social anxiety or panic attacks! It helps me in every single aspect of my life. Work, relationships, in every way I was more confident and basically the person I always wanted to be. Confident! No anxiety holding me back! Still terrified of trying new medications but this is one drug I&#039;m so glad I took... And I still take when I feel like I need it. Oh and best part... I have no side effects! At all. I&#039;m the type of person who will panic over even a small side effect and stop taking a medication because of it.... But with this medicine I feel amazing."
"It is hard to describe the taste. Sort of like a concoction of sweetart, cherry flavor, salty taste with a hint of sweetness all mixed together.  I have had worse tasting meds. It took about 5 minutes to drink it and then I started on the first 16oz. Bottle of water.  I felt very full and for me walking around the house helped. I belched a few times and within 15 min. I had to go to the bathroom and then about every 5 min. For the next 30 min. Or so.  After that it started slowing down and I didn&#039;t have to go as much. I&#039;m almost totally clear after the 1st round.  I recommend baby wipes and Vaseline to keep from chaffing also brush your teeth and rinse to get rid of the after taste. It really helps."
"This medication is saving my life!  It really stabilizes my mood.  Before I started taking carbamazepine I would experience horribly crippling depression in the afternoons combined with very strong urges to self medicate with alcohol or narcotics.  Now I feel about the same all day, never really up and never really down.  I have no conflicts taking it with Suboxone. I have only noticed two side effects: nausea, taking it with food fixes that, and increased sleep.  I sleep longer than I did before and wake up feeling tired.  Actually it helps me to sleep through the night, which isn&#039;t all bad.  After I get up, take my other medicines, and have some coffee I am ready to face the day.  Note: I was previously misdiagnosed with major depression."
"Cost in Canada was 80 but latest cost me 60 bucks for 6ml.  I used it for 1.5 years on big toe.... I stopped using for six months but not quite cleared so going back on it."
"I have been on the patch for about 4-5 years because I have anemia and used to have very heavy periods. I chose it because it is much more convenient to have than having to remember to take a pill everyday at the same time. With Ortho Evra I probably gained a few pounds but that comes with every birth control. As far as side effects: no depression, few mood swings, and a high sex drive. My periods used to go 7 days now they are more 5 days and the bleeding has decreased a lot. The one thing that I don&#039;t like about the patch residue it leaves when you take it off. Like you have to scrub to get the sticky stuff off your skin and even then some is still left over. But all in all I love the patch."
"I have to say, I was TERRIFIED of starting the patch after reading so many awful reviews. Over the past 8 years I&#039;ve been on 4 different combined pills, all of which eventually made me nauseous and caused me to vomit soon after taking them. So I was really worried the patch would have similar side effects. I&#039;m now 6 weeks in (so have had my first break) and have to say it&#039;s great. I haven&#039;t had any problems with it coming off or peeling and I barely notice it! Obvious negatives are how noticeable it is and the yucky stickiness you get around the edge, but these are bearable. The only side effect that&#039;s bothered me is how sore my boobs are all the time - I can barely put my bra on! Upside though.. they&#039;ve grown! Overall, good easy method"
"I was given this medicine to take for seven days, four times a day.  Within the first day or so of taking it I was suffering with a feeling of acid stomach, nausea, complete lack of appetite."
"I had a baby girl 6 months ago and I started this about 2 months ago and at first was doing great with it, but then after about 2 weeks of taking it have really noticed some not so great changes in me. My chin is constantly breaking out, so it did not help clear up the acne. I have really had some bad mood swings of just feeling really sad and my anxiety has been pretty bad. It has really messed with my sleeping patterns. I also gained about 16 lbs from the time I started taking this pill until now. I wear contacts and it really seems to dry my eyes out and make my vision a little blurry, which I haven&#039;t really had much trouble with before. I am seeing my doctor soon and we are planning on switching me to another birth control pill."
"VERY PLEASED WITH RESULTS IN CONJUNCTION WITH OTHER MEDS.  I am seizure free. 

By taking vitamin B12 I am no longer tired.

For 30 years my neuros treated me with wrong meds. I HAD EEG VIDEO MONITORING and they found my seizures were not in the frontal lobe."
"Tension headache: My headaches are much better my muscles in neck were always tight. Helped great! I still get them but not as bad. However they do cause me constipation."
"I have just started this yesterday. I was in a hit &amp;run accident that changed my life. It took over 2 years alone to finally walk as little as 25 ft with devices. I did every kind of therapy, pain medicines, patches, injections, etc. I would get some relief, but side effects prevents any return to normal routines or withstanding activities with family. My pain has truly limited my social and family life.  Norco never lasts long enough, and the GI upset was bad enough to warrant the need of continuously trying to tweak the regimen. Having had a career and college degrees, I have rested to give in to the constraints of chronic pain.   I have only taken 2 pills so far, but it seems to helping better, with fewer doses. I will post again in 1 WK."
"I am a nurse and I am also a med student. I have been in chronic pain for 5 years. My average daily pain without meds is 9/10. I did 5 rounds of shots, the 2nd round almost destroyed my life and my pain had new manifestations. Tried chiropractic, great for 90 days then decline. Finally one day the pharmacist surprised me with Butrans. I didn&#039;t even know they sent it over! I put it on and within 3 hours I recognized I was in pain but I just didn&#039;t care about the pain. The next morning and from then on I have been completely pain free! It&#039;s like nothing I&#039;ve experienced before. I&#039;m not foggy like with other drugs, I actually feel mentally sharper and my performance supports that but I&#039;m literally not experiencing pain! I HIGHLY recommend  it!"
"Holy Moly!! Worst experience ever!! Immediately after using the Monistat 3 tube of medicine and topical cream, my vagina was literally on fire!!  Cold wash, changed clothes and an ice pack had little effect!  I wouldn&#039;t wish that pain on my worst enemy!! Not brave enough to finish the treatment and still have the YI!"
"I have been on Aviane for almost three months and I love it. I stared it because I was having weird on and off periods and my doctor suggested I start taking it. The first month I only had minor side effects which where very tender breast and cramping but it regulated my period and that&#039;s what I love about it so much! I admit that my breast has grown a cup size but I have not gained any weight or mood swings. The only thing that is persistent is my tender breast but my period is normal and Aviane is great!"
"I have a colostomy bag and want to regulate my bowel so it doesn&#039;t act all by itself.  I take 2 capfuls each day (usually late afternoon or early evening) but regardless of the time at least before I go to bed.  Within 2 hours it works and clears out the colon so I don&#039;t have much action during the day when I am out and about&gt;  Works Wonderful for my situation, with no pain or discomfort.  Have had my colostomy for 18 years and have been controlling things this way for about 5 years with no ill effects."
"Silenor works very well keeping me asleep longer than usual.   I normally wake up 3-4 times a night without it.  But I have extreme dizziness and headaches the next day.  I think I&#039;ll go back on my Lunesta because I have trouble functioning the day after Silenor.  It is a great medicine but I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s for me."
"Dilaudid is a powerful drug that works great. I found my tolerance for it raised and an increase in dosage was needed. "
"I&#039;ve been on Contrave for just over 6 months. I&#039;ve lost 50 lbs. I am incredibly grateful I found this drug.

The side effects for the first several weeks were pretty rough, I admit. The two worst were nausea and a tremor. They continued for roughly a month - but then they stopped. I still deal with constipation, but that&#039;s easy to manage.

In addition to the weight loss, I have kicked a lifelong sugar habit. Even my family members were stunned by that, as I was a serious chocoholic.

Now that I&#039;ve reached my goal, my doctor and I agreed that I should remain on the drug for 6 more months, and then taper (which is standard protocol for going off antidepressants like bupropion).

Contrave is pricey, but for me, it&#039;s been worth it.  your mileage may vary (YMMV)"
"I got Nexplanon put in a month &amp; a half ago. I have really mixed feelings towards if. My skin cleared up, my leg hair grew in slower, my boobs grew in size. I was thrilled. But then my period came, I was on it for 3 weeks. After that my hair became oily. Since then nothing has changed so I&#039;m loving it. More positives then negatives for me."
"It keeps my migraines from blowing out into a severe migraines, but it takes close to an hour to kick in and when it does I feel extremely sick, very fatigued for two hours after.  Then I have just a mild headache, but I feel like I have a hang over and become forgetful and weak.  It is definitely a trade off, but as severe as my migraine can get, I&#039;ll take with this until I find another type of medication."
"So I know this is going to sound weird but , I am 28 and was put on this pill for a IVF  and what IVF mean is I cant have a baby on my own so I have to go to a DR  to help me , so anyways they put you on this pill for 15 days before starting other meds. This is day 4 of this pill and I feel like I could sleep 24/7 and I am depressed more then I would want to be, but seeing how I am going to be on this for a short time should I be worried  ?"
"This drug has saved my life at least once.  I took it when I was pregnant and had unrelenting morning sickness that wasn&#039;t helped by any other medications.  I&#039;m now taking it again for nausea caused by severe pain (as well as the nausea caused in turn by pain medications, as I seemingly can&#039;t win on that one).  But perhaps most importantly, it was the only drug that got me out of opiate withdrawal when I had the stomach flu.  Without this, I would have been in the hospital because I couldn&#039;t otherwise keep anything down and without opiate therapy the withdrawal and the pain combined could easily have killed me.  The only possible drawback is cost; even the generic would be completely out of reach for someone without insurance."
"I got Nexplanon inserted November 2015. I&#039;ve gained 12-15lbs. I&#039;m EXTREMELY depressed. I am constantly tired. I am getting this removed this month. I don&#039;t recommend it. Luckily my husband is getting a vasectomy."
"The medicine seems to be working, although the side effects seem to make you feel even more sick than you were to begin with. Once you get through the first few days it is worth it. I agree that the packaging is far too difficult to figure out at first."
"This is awesome."
"I used Plan B OneStep 9 hours after unprotected sex, I didn&#039;t really experience any side effects just a little dizziness that was about it. I got my period two weeks after I took the pill but my next period was a little over two weeks late. Happy to say that it worked for me. I do suggest using a pregnancy test just to ease your mind. I paid 60$ for the pill"
"Took Jalyn  for several months.  Leg cramps and weakness.  Began to experience a throat problem. Taken off and put on Avodart."
"Completely cleared my eczema. Now united health care won&#039;t cover it anymore. Dont know what I will do. I can&#039;t afford to pay for it."
"I have been using the Paragard IUD for one year now. I have 2 children and don&#039;t want anymore. I tried both Mirena and Nexplanon and both caused me to have 21+ days of bleeding at a time so I had to go with the only long term option of hormone free bc I could get. Insertion was not painful, I was prescribed Misoprostol and a sonogram technician was present. The first 3-4 periods were heavy and painful but after that they became more normal. Overall I&#039;m happy with my decision to use this bc and really I&#039;m hoping this will continue to work out for as long as possible."
"I posted almost 2 months ago. I&#039;ve been taking Mucinex since then for the fibromyalgia pain (I am not a creature of habit and have a hard time remembering to take any medication but I don&#039;t miss it!) I can sincerely say that it continues to work - progressively better - and I find it hard to believe it myself! Pain in my right shoulder that I&#039;ve had for over 15 years has quietly disappeared. I no longer sleep with a pillow between my knees, and I have so much less pain bending over, etc. I also don&#039;t have to clear my throat constantly in the morning like I did so it works great on mucus too. I really didn&#039;t expect the results to continue. If you have pain like me, give it a try. No bad effects. I hope it works for you."
"I have extreme insomnia my Dr has prescribed every Medication for Insomnia either I had bad reactions to it or didn&#039;t help at all so yesterday My Dr prescribed OTC Melatonin I took one pill 3 mg I  had a very restful 5-6 hrs~I&#039;m going to try 1/2 of a Pill to to get a full night sleep~I&#039;ll see how a 5 mg dose will work~but I was just happy that the 3mg gave me a restful few hrs. I&#039;ll report if the 1 1/2 Pills helps me stay asleep for 8 hrs. Right now I&#039;m Thankful that I actually went to sleep and had a few good hrs of rest &amp; sleep. No side effects !"
"I have been on the vivitrol since November 2016 I have remained sober for 5 months. The urge to drink went away and it felt good knowing that even if I drank on the shot I wouldn&#039;t feel the warm fuzzy feeling that I was so addicted to. So recently I did drink and I feel so terrible shakes.. Sick to my stomachs. Alcohol withdrawal is terrible and it really sucks. Now I know why I love feeling sober. Vivitrol had not only kept me sober it truly saved my life because I know that I have control of my life. I would recommend this to Anyone who has a problem with alcohol. It truly takes the cravings away. And helps you find yourself."
"Most people will only write about their experience if they had a bad one.  So I figured I would lighten the mood and say that the para guard I had put in 7 months ago was a very good decision!  Yes, it was very painful putting it in and had several days of severe cramping.  But, it was well worth it to have non hormonal, non daily, non monthly birth control.  I still get monthly periods, the first few months I had extremely painful cramping but with some ibuprofen it took the edge off.  Feel fortunate if your doctor gave you pain medication before insertion, my doctor told me it wouldn&#039;t even hurt.  Warning, if you haven&#039;t had kids, insertion is freaking painful!"
"I found it to be extremely helpful and love the fact I only have to take it once a week.  I am on my 3rd week now.  The needle size is bigger yes but it does not hurt me to stick myself.  It hurts about the same as poking my finger for my blood sugar meter.  I found through the Bydureon website you can get a card to help with the copay.  Its wonderful to know there are manufacturers that are willing to help those who take their medicines.  Also if you use the freestyle meters you can sign up through Abbot to get a free meter and card to save money on the test strips. "
"I have been on Celexa for over a year, I was quite unstable when I started Celexa but after a few months between Celexa and Geodon I evened out to a pretty much numb stable state. I guess not feeling is better then feeling bad things all the time. I&#039;m not sure how to explain it but between my meds I usually feel like an observer of my body, not fully connected to any experience I am in...dreamlike I suppose. Now I have to switch because of the interaction between the two, so we&#039;ll hope the next one is at least equivalent."
"I am on Hydrochlorothiazide 12.5mg, as well as Lisinopril for consistent diastolic pressure of 90-92 at 52yrs old (otherwise amazing health, not overweight, exercise. Lisinopril both caused me to wake up in the middle of the night with involuntary hyperventilating. Sort of like what I imagine a panic attack would feel like, except I had no reason to have any anxiety. Feeling like I couldn&#039;t stay &quot;on top of the medicine&quot;, even if I drank lots of water."
"This pill is the only sleep medicine that hasn&#039;t made me hallucinate (like Ambien and Sonata), made me gain weight (like so many mood stabilizers) or made me sleep too much. In fact, I haven&#039;t had really any side effects whatsoever. 
It takes 3 weeks to get working, but after that, my sleep became regular, and I get about 6-8 hours a night. Perfect!"
"I have been on so many hydrocodone &amp; oxicodone strengths &amp; combinations that have given me, on a scale of 0 - 10, a 3 at best. I have degenerative disc disease, bulging discs, and hip/SI joint pain from ankylosing spondylitis. I don&#039;t take it every day, but as I need to. That should say something right there! I take the 50mg, up to 2x/day. It didn&#039;t make me sick to my stomach either. I will add one caveat - I have not gotten any migraine relief, which is what it was originally prescribed for."
"Started Xeljanz XR after everything else failed.  I had immediate relief and it continues to work for me.  My hair is growing back after a failed attempt with methotrexate.  A surprise side effect for me after 6 months of usage was increased energy!  WOW, I&#039;m enjoying that and being able to function much, much better!!!"
"Horrible! I&#039;m only 19 and I&#039;ve tried everything there is for acne beforehand, can honestly say I&#039;ve never felt pain on my face like this, skin is burning, dry, tight, broken, stinging and red raw, after only two days of using the Differin cream/gel! It&#039;s ruined my skin and shattered self esteem. Would not recommend to anyone!"
"Took Tamiflu on day 2 of the flu. Was unbearably nauseous for About 6 hours after taking it. Like, wanting to die and just wondering how to get through the next few minutes kind of nauseous. So mad at dr for not warning me. I didn&#039;t take it again. I&#039;d rather have the flu for two weeks than go through even one more day of that."
"I took 8! Yes 8 250mg pills in one single dose. I took them at 9:30pm tonight on an empty stomach (i had a hard time eating due to stress). Its now 12:30am and I&#039;ve had watery diarrhea, dizziness, nausea and hot flashes since 11:30. It seems to be subsiding. Fingers crossed!"
"I started remeron about 2 months ago. For my severe depression.. And anxiety and severe insomnia.. The first night taking it I slept the best I had In Years! I didn&#039;t wake up feeling groggy I actually felt better sleep wise I still felt very depressed and that continued for a few week to the point I tried to commit suicide and then I new I needed help..  The upped my remeron to 45 mg at bedtime I&#039;ve been on 45 mg for a week and I&#039;ve noticed a big change I feel normal again..  I give remeron a 10 it improved my life a great deal!!!"
"Took three months.  Bled a whole month straight during, like a medium-flow period.      No signs of pregnancy or miscarriage hormones, doctors say.  No growths to explain bleeding or abnormalities in my blood test results.  I experienced little nausea/ headaches and no swelling."
"I was treated intravenously for postpartum preeclampsia 6 days after delivery. I was sent to the hospital for high blood pressure and stayed for 2 days. It took a couple of hours before I felt the effects of the magnesium drip. the nurse said I would feel like I had the flu. I felt much worse! and no one said that I shouldn&#039;t be feeling these effects... The most disturbing was, after each hour of the drip, I kept feeling less and less muscle movement. I was getting slowly paralyzed. Not to mention the face flushing and nausea. After 14 hours, I was hardly able to do anything at all, even lift my arms or legs or speak! Im glad the doctor shut off the drip after 16 hours. I wouldn&#039;t have been able to communicate at all. Anyone else?"
"I love it! I also have a deviated septum and Patanase is so helpful for that, I can breath and without the awful post nasal drip! It seems expensive."
"Doctor prescribed me this and I wish I never took it. Have to finish the pack so my period will get back on track. But honestly this sucks. Made me go from mild acne to severe cystic acne on forehead and chin with reoccurring whiteheads on my nose and t zone. Hate it."
"This is to all the girls out there who are like me, thinking the worst and are worried sick about the possibility of being pregnant. I am here to assure you that this pill really works! I was in a really bad situation. A friend and I were both drunk and couldn&#039;t remember if a condom was in the picture or not. Just to be safe I took plan b 9 hours after unprotected sex. I was really depressed for a couple days, got a yeast infection, had minor cramps, and diarrhea but still no period. Finally, after 6 negative pregnancy tests and 5 days of being late, I got my period. This pill will really screw up your cycle. So DO NOT worry if you are late! Relax, keep yourself busy, and go eat some chocolate because this pill will take care of everything!"
"I too have experienced a lot of loss especially with my divorce.   I started up on the Fetzima recently and I&#039;m experiencing fairly persistent symptoms of nausea.  I was at 40 mg, but I&#039;m finding that I am having to titrate, because I just can&#039;t take the effects of the nausea.   I&#039;m trying to stick it out, perhaps go down to 20 mg a day and see where I&#039;m at at this point.   I&#039;ve also tried many medications, and I&#039;m feeling extremely frustrated and somewhat hopeless.   Have other people had similar experiences on this medication as far as getting over the hump of nausea?  There just doesn&#039;t seem to be a lot of options."
"I&#039;ve been on this drug once before and it really did help my skin, I only had a little red dots from scarring but my skin was smooth so my doctor told me to have a break from it for 3 months. But when I stopped I started breaking out again and even worse than before so then about 6 months later I&#039;m back on the drug I&#039;ve been on it for about a month now and it hasn&#039;t done anything to my skin, might as well not be taking it at all."
"Sneezing, itchy eyes and runny nose, terrible allergy attack.  Normally I take benadryl or one with dyphenhydramine in it but I didn&#039;t want to be tired all day so I took Claritin-D 12 hour.  BIG MISTAKE!  It took 5 hours before it even started easing my allergy symptoms and it still hasn&#039;t completely gotten rid of them but I am stuck not being able to take anything else for another 6 1/2 hours.  I would never recommend this!"
"So disappointed when they stopped making this product"
"I have been on Aleese for 8 years. This birth control is great for preventing pregnancy and regulating my menstrual cycle. It also helped my menstrual cycle be lighter. Unfortunately, this birth control does lower your sex drive. I went off it and my sex drive came back full force and plan to go off it permanently."
"I have had MSRA &quot;boils&quot; 3 times in the last 5 years. Each time I have been given a prescription for Bactrim specifically because its a sulfate based antibiotic - each time the infection made an almost immediate change for the better in size, swelling, and pain associated with those. I was fortunate enough NOT to experience any side effects and my overall opinion of this antibiotic is that for me it&#039;s been FANTASTIC in the treatment of MSRA."
"I started the victosa 20/3/17 I have been taking it for a few weeks now was on 0.6 and now I have increased  to 1.2 I had some side effects like nausea and constant sulphur burps they calmed down after about a week I am over 10 pounds down in nearly 3 weeks and also feel full throughout the day and night :)"
"It did not work for me at all. I felt no difference and it did not bring my anxiety down."
"Bruising is common.  I have lower back soreness and right leg hip area pain.  Some leg weakness in the afternoon and evening.  No reason to stop the medication in my opinion.  I have had kyphoplasty and gall bladder surgery, and the medication was stopped temporarily for both.   No adverse reactions."
"I was prescribed .625 Prempro at the age of 38.  I had early onset menopause. My body responded wonderfully to this dosage. I took me about a month for me to not feel groggy and light headed. After that subsided it&#039;s been great. I am 50 now and my doctor would like to start weaning me off to since I&#039;ve been on it for so long. I am going to start half the dose to see how my body reacts."
"I have Urge Incontinence and take quite a few urine infections. Nitro as I call it is brilliant, as it gets to the root of the problem within, taking the first few caps.  The only sort of down thing is, it gives me chronic indigestion, but I&#039;m sure we can all supply ourselves with an anti-acid. If it was not for Nitrofurantoin, day to day living would be pretty painful. Getting urinary infections, sometimes comes with holding in too much, but when you have Urge Incontinence, I find myself doing this all the time, it works, until I get to my commode, but to what cost--I hear you all say--, a lot. So Nitro is definitely the answer to my urine infections."
"I have been taking Sprintec for about 3 weeks, haven&#039;t even started my period pills yet. So far I am pleased with the results, I was getting the Depo shot before I switched to Sprintec. I switched because I never stopped bleeding on the Depo shot for almost a year I bled. So far, no side effects, no weight gain, no headaches or nausea, and I actually think it is helping clear what little acne I had."
"Stelara has lowered all the inflammatory  markers in my bloods to within a normal range. This however doesn&#039;t repair damage already done. I am however suffering much less of burning in the joints. The aching is still pretty much the same. I was previously on Embrel and have been on Stelara for only two months so a way to go yet. SO far so good."
"Hate it never getting another shot I&#039;ve had two and I&#039;m not getting my next one I&#039;m continuously spotting then bleeding and when I have sex there&#039;s no sex drive like I have to force myself to do it I hate it never again"
"I&#039;ve been on Remeron for a month now and it&#039;s the only pill that has worked as both an anti-depressant and a sleeping pill as I require both. I used Zoloft for a while and it did nothing as I have an extremely high medication tolerance.  I&#039;m on 30 mg and I haven&#039;t had to move my dosage."
"Apri did what it was supposed to do. But during the few months that I had it I was very depressed and had dark thoughts. I would cry for a week straight for no reason. I also had no sex drive. It affected me and my relationship. Now I switched from it and feel much better. No weight gain or other side affects. Regular periods, lighter than before. Each birth control affects people differently but this one was not the one from me."
"I was on the pill (Yaz) for 3 years and it wasn&#039;t too bad but I am terrible at remembering to take it so I decided to switch to something more permanent for a while and I&#039;m glad I went with Implanon. My period faded away within 2 months and I haven&#039;t got it since. Also, no mood swings or morning sickness like I used to get with the pill. My first month with it I lost 13 pounds. My metabolism has sped up and it&#039;s harder to gain weight so that was nice too."
"I was prescribed EpiDuo Forte at night and Aczone in the morning. Started December 30, 2016. 36 yo female with cystic acne x 5 months. My derm and myself felt that this combo was not working well enough after 2 months. I&#039;ve just restarted BC and switched to Differin 0.3. I&#039;m noticing a difference already at Day 5. My skin is probably tolerable from the EpiDuo as I&#039;m not experiencing the dryness that some say. Hoping this combo works!!"
"One of my favorite medicines of all time. I have taken this for depression/bipolar disorder, insomnia, and currently fibromyalgia. It is the only anti-depressant I have found that I can take and not start swinging toward the manic side. I actually feel more refreshed and get a good night&#039;s sleep after I take it. I will note that I do not normally take it for long periods of time- only when I need it (this may be days, weeks, or months). There is no withdrawal and you do not have to dose up or down with safety concerns."
"Been taking this for over a year with minimal side effects.  It lowers heart rate and metabolism.  However, make sure your doctor determines the cause of your hypertension.  If you are not responsive to different blood pressure medications, asked to be checked for aldosteronism!!!"
"I have been taking Suboxone for about 2 and a half years for chronic pain that has multiple causes, including Fibromyalgia, neuropathy/neuralgia and arthritis.  Suboxone is TERRIFIC!  I have had more consistent relief than from when I took Oxycontin plus Oxycodone, Vicodin, etc.  I have virtually no side effects, and I completely credit Suboxone for my return to work after about 2 years of being disabled.  There are only 2 downsides I have experienced that potential users will want to be aware of.  New, acute pain, such as a sprain or injury is not &quot;covered&quot; by Suboxone.  I&#039;ve also had an increase in tooth decay, but this is unfortunately an issue with all narcotics and drugs that can cause dry mouth.  Best of luck to all."
"I have been on the Nuva Ring for exactly a year and I have stopped it for good. It is definitely very convenient, however I developed severe mood swings and anxiousness while on this form of birth control. I am a very positive/motivated person with absolutely no history of anxiety or depression. After being on this, I would catch myself crying for absolutely no reason, especially while drinking alcohol! I also lost about 10-15 pounds. I am about to start &quot;Lolo&quot; which is advertised as a lower dosage. 
Pros: Lost weight, regulated acne, low maintenance
Cons: Increased anxiety and emotions"
"I took Mucinex, It works wonders but the smell/tastes of it is horrible."
"I have been taking Zohydro for two months now for herniated disc in back.  I was taking Norco three times a day but would always wear off and with my liver condition, I was not keen on the acetaminophen that is in Norco.  I can now go through my day pain free!  I hope all the naysayers leave us chronic pain patients alone!"
"I had a doctor initially prescribe this specific birth control to me because it was the only one that she knew of that wouldn&#039;t meddle with my anti-depressant.  Vienva has been a great help in stabilizing my emotions and the ease with my menstrual cycle is very promising. I&#039;m not sure of how reliant it is on preventing pregnancy because although I do take it, I still do not have unprotected sex. All in all I highly recommend this birth control primarily to people who take antidepressants or antipsychotics."
"I&#039;ve been on Linzess 290 mcg for 60 days now. I started taking one pill day for 30 days and only had 4 voluntary bowel moments. My doctor&#039;s instructor me to take 290 mcg twice a daily and I have been doing so for 60 days now and I am not expericing the mirarles everyone is raving about. I am about ready to give up on Linzess. I have Suffered with chronic constipation and IBS over 20 years and nothing works. Tried, Miralax, Amitiza,  pro-biotics and many other OTC drugs. The ONLY thing that has helped is Nopalina which is a flaxseed mixture of fruit skins. That always provide relief. Its not a laxative either. 
I can&#039;t for see paying for more doc visits and expensive meds much longer."
"Day 4 on Phen, haven&#039;t lost 1 ounce! I know that&#039;s not a lot of time but I see most people lose right away. Even if it&#039;s just water weight, I expected to lose at least a lb. It does do a great job at suppressing my appetite. Maybe too good. I don&#039;t eat very much because I am just not hungry. Hoping I see some results soon!! Dry mouth is annoying and I am tired most of the day but awake at night."
"When i first got it I loved it but now I hate it. I have been bleeding non-stop for roughly seven months. I am so emotional, I&#039;m so moody that I&#039;m unpredictable. I am easily pissed off and I  can&#039;t control any of it. I cry over simple things. The cramps are unbearable,  it feels like a knife to my stomach.  I do not recommend at all."
"I started this a few days ago, after I was told by the  Clinic that it would work well for me because it was a &quot;non narcotic&quot; however, I found that it only provides temporary relief. it does nothing to help fight the infection causing the cough. I was told to stop taking other OTC Medicines. But this really didn&#039;t do anything"
"Love it. Much better than other meds I&#039;ve used."
"Best medication I have ever been on!!!"
"I&#039;ve had this birth control for about 5 months now I have gained weight, also have bad temper, mood swings ,always tired, headaches, depression but no period. I want to get removed at same time I don&#039;t because worried about another pregnancy."
"I was given this because I fell and landed on my ribs against a day bed which is very little bed and mostly metal.  Not sure if it worked since the side effects were such a problem.  I was very emotional and balled like a baby for 3-4 hours.  I had chest pains, weight gain, stomach pain, unsteadiness, and blurred vision.  I quit taking the drug on the 5th day after googled the side effects (since the drug store information didn&#039;t say anything about any of these side effects).  Oh and I still have what feels like a bad yeast infection with blood."
"I&#039;ve been on 300 mg of Effexor for depression and anxiety for years.  Last year I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia. My rheumatologist  gave me amytriptyline because I couldn&#039;t sleep.  Wow!!  What a difference.  I can sleep.  I&#039;m upbeat.  I feel great.  I am one of the few who has hallucinations - only at night, only when I wake up not long after I&#039;ve fallen asleep.  Usually I see bugs - bees, spiders, etc.  They are always black because it&#039;s dark in the room.  Once I saw white feathers coming from the air conditioner.  They usually stop as soon I become coherent.  It was scary at first, but now I&#039;m more conscious of it, so I usually just fall back to sleep. It&#039;s worth it to have my fibro and depression undet control."
"Have moderate fibromyalgia pain, joint pain, a bulging cervical disk and mild peripheral nerve pain. Tried it for a few months. Helped a little at 150mg day. At 300 mg I had flat mood and no libido. Gained 10lbs. Wasn&#039;t worth the dollars or the side effects.

Tried it again with Cymbalta. Didn&#039;t work any better."
"My son has used various stimulants for 5 yrs.  Still struggling because of impulsivity &amp; super high metabolism, the docs wanted to add non-stimulants.  We started w/ Intuiv, which dropped his bp way too low (75/43) so stopped after 2 wks.  Tried Clonidine IR and it worked GREAT the 1st 2 days, then fine (not great, just fine).  The doc changed to Kapvay for long-acting effects, but we stopped after 2 wks because he got awful insomnia (took 2-3 hrs to fall asleep instead of his usual 15 mins).  Last night we went back to Clonidine IR - he fell asleep quickly and slept great!  I give Kapvay a 2 because it decreased his impulsivity a bit, but the insomnia was awful, he got more aggressive/emotional, and really affected him negatively."
"Got this inserted today for me it isn&#039;t so much ouch pain it&#039;s just a lot of pressure and felt like something was hanging on to my cervix.  It&#039;s a very weird feeling having something in your organs luckily it was over fast.  I was able to drive back home 15 mins after the procedure finished, the cramps went away a few hours later after lying on my bed and dozing off.  Hope it works out well!"
"Not my experience but my wife&#039;s,very effective and addictive,after work the highlight to her day is taking this, has changed her personality and what&#039;s important to her. Tried many different things and this is where where at,"
"I was on Yaz for 2 years and that was the worst. I changed to Aviane 3 months ago and I love it. The first month I was spotting a bit but after that my period has been good. It comes on time and is very short and light and it only costs me $5 from the pharmacy. I do get pretty emotional during my period but nothing life altering. Its really great."
"I had the mirena put in 3 years ago. The insertion was extremely painful (I haven&#039;t had kids) and I had bad cramps for 2-3 days after. After getting over that first hump, I didn&#039;t get my period again for 3 years which was awesome! However, it did cause me to develop cystic acne which I didn&#039;t have before so consider this possibility before having it put in. If you aren&#039;t acne-prone it&#039;s an awesome form of bc!"
"This pill has been effective as far as controlling any pregnancy, but since I have been taking it my sex drive has lessened and I&#039;ve become moody more often. I feel mildly depressed most days and don&#039;t have much interest in anything at all. However, I have always been a very motivated person so have tried my best to still work myself out at the gym and do things i love. I feel more negative about things than positive. I am about to get off the pill and just give my body a break from any added hormones!"
"I have had depression from age 12 and am now 40. I have used all SSRI&#039;s, Welbutrin, Effexor, etc., but would have to quit each one due to various side effects. Buspar &amp; Xanax helped but weren&#039;t strong enough. I was fed up! So I quit all depression medicines for 3yrs (not advisable!). I became more depressed than I had ever been in my life. I went back to a doctor and he put me on Viibryd. I was sceptical! But he explained how it was different. So I tried it. I used the gradual dose increase and I had bad nausea but it did eventually pass as long as I took it with a high protein breakfast. That was my only side effect. I have been on it for over a year and have never felt this well! I do get withdrawal symptoms if I miss a dose but to me it&#039;s still worth it!"
"Toujeo. 19 units at night. Two weeks off lantus solo star

Blood sugars waking were 140,  now 200
Nausea 15 minutes after injection. Lasts for two hours.
Severe cramping and pain in feet ,calves, shoulders, and hands
Diarrhea on and off through out the two weeks
Dizziness
Blurry vision in one eye
Swollen gums

Hope this levels off quickly"
"As a 64 yr old female I was having severe pain and stiffness in both knees due to advanced osteoarthritis. Ortho doc recommended a series of 4 weekly Orthovisc injections in both knees.  For me, the shots were very painful. There was no improvement until after the 3rd week. I am now 1 wk. post the 4th and final shots and have greatly decreased pain. I now can exercise regularly without pain. The only difficulty I still have is walking up and down stairs. I highly recommended the orthovisc injection treatment."
"I had bad ibs c for almost 10 years I&#039;m a 23 yr old male that has tried everything and had enough of it I tryed linzess 290mg and it was too much I was very excited I went down to 145mg and now I have my life back I was so worried about leaving my house but now it&#039;s the total opposite this drug is a miracle drug for me. What I normally do is take the 145mg at 9am drink water then till 930 then at 935 I will eat and relax, in a hour or little more I will have a bm, the rest of the day I will hardly go but I will feel good no bloating no tummy acke no worries!!! I hope this helped!"
"I have been  on geodon for 6 years. It works great for me. Rispedal.   made me sleepy and I couldn&#039;t think as clear. I have gained weight but due to other medication I was taking with it. My symptoms are almost all gone. I still have some paranoia but nothing like before I take a lot though 160 at night.  My condition is very manageable I just wish I didn&#039;t have this problem and didn&#039;t have to take medicine just to function normally . Good luck to all you guys searching for help."
"I have had chronic migraines for as long as I can remember.  To the point where I can&#039;t even talk to answer questions,  walk straight,  I have been accused of being drunk or high because if it.  They could last up to three days, the first time I tried imitrex....  It was quite literally the Holy grail from then on.  The pills take away any aura or migraine in about 20 to 30 minutes and the shots give immediate relief.  Wether or not it&#039;s a placebo,  I swear to the gods,  as soon as you inject into your upper thigh your migraine goes down a few pegs.  Within a few minutes,  nearly or entirely gone.  If you have migraines or clusters ask your doctor.  Don&#039;t take irresponsibly because it can have some weird effects on people."
"Following a radical prostatectomy in 2006, I started using Axiron in April 2013. Within 3 days, immediate improvement in sexual performance to like prior to surgery condition.  Sex went from once every 1-2 months to 2-3 times a week. My wife said &quot;what&#039;s gotten into you&quot;? Even on some occasions Erectile Dysfunction pills where not even needed. Lately it seems the effects have diminished for unknown reasons. I&#039;m healthy, eat a good diet, I do a power walk 5 days a week (4 miles) and lift weights 3 days a week. I use 30 mg under each arm once a day. No irritation issues. I&#039;m just hoping the feelings of when I first started the medication returns."
"I&#039;m 18 and have always struggled with hormonal acne. But for some reason, the past few months have been terrible. It was everywhere, and I felt so insecure. I went to the doctor and she recommended Epiduo. Best decision ever! At first I hated it because my skin is dry, itchy, flaky, and burns. But I finally found out how to put it on so it doesn&#039;t. Try this and see if it works:  First, wash your face GENTLY with a NON MEDICATED cleanser. Now this is the key. You have to wait for your face to completely dry between layers. Wait at least 10 minutes. So once that&#039;s dry, apply the Epiduo in a thin layer all over your face. Let dry for 15 min. Then apply a ton on moisturizer. My skin is so clear now!"
"When I say this birth control screwed up my life, Im not kidding. Weight gain, TERRIBLE ACNE (never had anything nearly this bad as a teenager) and absolutely constant bleeding/spotting. There may have been one week worth of days out of the month with no bleeding. I wend back to the pill after 9 miserable months and almost instantly the bleeding stopped, and my face is so much clearer. Just take a pill everyday Depos effectiveness is not worth the stress and terrible side effects."
"I&#039;ve had elevated cholesterol and triglycerides for 20 years now and have taken many medications to lower them. Three months ago my cholesterol was 710 and my triglycerides were 3000. I&#039;ve been on Crestor and Tricor for quite a few years and 3 mos. ago my Dr. added Zetia. My cholesterol is now down to 87 and my triglycerides are down to 125. Zetia is truly a miracle for me as I no longer feel like I&#039;m a ticking time bomb now."
"I started taking Loestrin 24 to prevent pregnancy, not really knowing that birth control was supposed to clear your acne. I was considerably surprised when my skin cleared up [even on my back, which has always been a trouble area]. The first week or so was kind of rough but once I got past that, I felt incredible. I didn&#039;t experience any real weight gain or loss but I think I might have gone up half a cup or a whole cup size. I definitely love Loestrin."
"I have been on Sprintec for about a year and it&#039;s okay. My skin is absolutely perfect, but it has made me extremely emotional to the point where I can cry just thinking about something sad (something that would never happen to me before taking these pills) and my anxiety is just constantly on. I&#039;m glad to see that I am not the only one with these severe emotional symptoms coming from this pill."
"My daughter than 3 1/2 now 6 1/2 started the Lupron 7.25mg every 3 weeks.  She did have a small side effect of hot flashes and eating ups and downs.  This medication did take awhile for her blood estogen levels to even out but the medication worked as it should have. We hope to stop the Lupron if all goes well. If not we still have another 5 years or so of the shots."
"I am entering the final countdown of treatment, 10 pills to go.  Was put on the 12 week treatment after failing the triple medicine treatment 2 years ago.  Developed a rash so severe my Dr. took me off the medicines.  Harvoni has given me hope for a future without Hep C.  I have had no side effects other than a slight headache the first week. Now the wait begins to make sure the virus is eradicated after 12 weeks of treatment."
"In the past I did not take any form of birth control, due to the high hormone levels. I have recently had to be put on the Nora-Be for abnormal bleeding, unbelievable cramps and just all over debilitating monthly experiences. I have been on the &quot;mini pill&quot; for 2 months so far. First month period was still painful but only 2 days and not the full 7, there was very little clotting and I could still function in daily life. Not bed ridden with a heating pad or ingesting a whole bottle of pain killers. It is now month 2 and my cycle should of started 4 days ago. I&#039;m not worried one bit that it hasn&#039;t!! LOL. I have had no headaches, no neck pain no discomfort at all. Can&#039;t really say if my weight loss is due to the pill or diet and exercise."
"I&#039;m 46 and recently diagnosed with ADHD.  Straterra is the first and only medication I&#039;ve tried for this condition.  I&#039;ve been on it for 2 weeks and notice profound improvements in my ability to concentrate, absorb material, and complete tasks.  That is what I had hoped to achieve with Straterra.  However, I am experiencing some unpleasant side effects, including difficulty urinating (very slow flow and the sensation that I&#039;m not finished after my bladder is empty) and &quot;frothy&quot; ejaculations during sex that occur without any sensation of orgasm.  For now, I can accept the trade off, as I am much more productive at work.  But I&#039;m really hoping these side effects disappear or diminish."
"Given propanol intravenously during a colonoscopy and had a hard time recovering. They said I started drooling and they used suction and also that my throat went into spasm. I woke with a very sore throat and headache. Once home I couldn&#039;t swallow easily, had a headache and was very groggy. My whole body ached and I took two Tylenol which did not help.  I found I was running a fever. This was about 5 hours after getting home. Started drinking lots of water and was applying wet cloths to my forehead.  I was crying and couldn&#039;t sleep. This lasted 18 hours!  Doc said never take Propofol again."
"Started on saxenda 2-6-17.  Started with injections about noon.  First day was fine.  Second and third day i was nauseated bad all day.  Could not eat but made myself eat crackers.  Today I am over the nausea but did have some diarrhea.  But now feeling fine.  I work at a medical office.  The nurses told me to hang in and it would get better.  They were right.  They also said to stay on .6 until I felt better not to up the dose.  It just takes time for your body to adjust to it.  Did also drink 7 up to help,"
"I would differently recommend this product.  Cymbalta has helped me a great deal, my sadness, anxiety, mood swings and pain."
"I got a bad bout of the flu in March and had to go on 10 days of antibiotics. My face started breaking out the worst it ever had in 7 yrs. After getting a cystic pimple every day for 10 days I went to the dermatologist. She prescribed Aczone and Epiduo.  Also got 3 injections to the cheeks. I have been applying the medicine for 4 days now. My face has calmed considerably in these few days and is actually smooth. I see some pimples coming up on my cheeks where I was breaking out before but instead of them becoming cystic-hard, painful-they come up as small white heads and after showering just wipe away. Face is dry but I don&#039;t mind as I have oily skin. Could be too soon to tell but I have seen a difference in 4 days. "
"As for using this drug for muscle pain I found it to be useless I took 4800 MG&#039;s a day four 800mg tabs twice daily found no difference in pain just got a painful burning rash on my back neck stomach and arms bad choice as a pain killer just a ftug a Dr prescribed because he don&#039;t want the  fda looking at his prescription pads"
"Have only used it twice, and ONLY as a &quot;rescue&quot; med from my Dr. It worked within 20 minutes and lasted the whole day. I&#039;m only instructed to use it no more than twice a week. I suffer all the other days and have had this headache for 4 years now. Also starting some new meds to figure out what will PREVENT them."
"I am so thankful for Hypercare! It has changed my life. I was dealing with the sweating from 6th grade, I am now a freshman. I finally told my mom why I would not wear cute clothes. It helped right away. Now I don&#039;t stay up at night sobbing. But I have no clue how to stop the burning because it is almost unbearable. But I will stick with because I am tired of being bullied for it."
"Rapaflo taken at bedtime has reduced night time urination dramatically. Daytime, not so much but I do drink regular coffee so that is an influence. Not too happy with my ejaculations while on this medicine. Orgasm is minimal in intensity and almost no semen. The ejaculate seems to be going to my bladder since it shows up when I pee. No problems with erection or performance."
"I am jealous of all those this drug has helped. I developed issues after taking the first dose but with my doctors encouragement I continued and after the 2nd dose I had a stroke. All test were negative and they hospital sent this company a letter stating they needed to add stroke to their list of side effects. I am back to normal 3 years later and living with the scales and pain from my arthritis."
"I started Levaquin four days ago....noticed that I couldn&#039;t sleep the first night.  I have a sinus infection with a bad cough.  The cough has improved, but still have drainage and eye pain.  I asked the doctor for sleep medication which he gave me so I have no problem with that now.  Eating lots of yogurt and taking probiotics and drinking lots of fluids.  Still, the infection may not respond to this antibiotic as I have had the infection on and off for several months.  Used this antibiotic as a last resort.  Hopefully, it will clear up soon."
"I suffered from severe constipation. A week or more at times with not going; when I did it was like rabbit pellets. MOM works very well; but it was explosive pooping (make sure you drink lots of water with it). I wanted to poop, not have diarrhea for hours. I now changed my diet, lowered a constipation causing drug I am on for another condition, drink plenty of water, take olive oil, take pro &amp; prebiotics, take cod liver oil, drink veggie smoothies, no more white bread or junk foods/sodas, exercise, meditate and stretch my muscles. MOM is not a long term solution... life style change is. Good luck to you."
"Had this medicine for two months along with 500mg Vitamin C. No Relief."
"My sister had a stroke 5 yrs ago and has not been able to sleep since. I read about Silenor on the internet and got her doctor to prescribe it. She has now had her first good nights sleep in almost the last 5 yrs. "
"Best ever for stopping itch of eczema.  Got to get used to the sleepiness, but gets better after long term use."
"I live in Scotland now after 25 years in New York.  I asked a friend to locate Drixoral Cold and Allergy because I can&#039;t find anything comparable in the UK.   The pharmacist told my friend that slowly, most decongestants are being pulled from the market.  First, Tavis D disppeared, then Chlor Trimetan and now Drixoral - probably because of the pseudoephedrine.  I am at a loss to find anything as effective.  Plain antihistamines just do not work alone with a cold or allergic attack."
"I would not buy this product ever again. After applying drops as instructed I have lost hearing in that ear. I now have to go to an ear specialist to see what the problem is and if it can be restored."
"I messed up my back about 3 months ago and it got so bad that I could hardly walk. My doctor put me on Norco for the pain, but it didn&#039;t really help, and flexeril to help me get to sleep without hurting so bad, but instead of helping me get to sleep, it literally kept me up. There were nights that I would lay in bed from 11:30pm until 5:00am and just could not get to sleep. My back stopped me from doing a lot of things I would normally do for over two months, but the pain finally ended about 2 weeks ago."
"I had previously taken Provigil 200mg daily and my prescription ran out for about 2 months.  I was given a sample package of Nuvigil 150mg daily to try for 2 weeks.  I noticed that I only slept about 7 hours in 72hrs (3days).  The Provigil did not do this to me."
"I&#039;ve had mine in since November 2013, it is now May 2014 and I get my period every 4 weeks, for 2 weeks of heavy bleeding, cramping and headaches. It&#039;s awful."
"I have had mdd for over 50 years and have been on nearly every anti-depressant and booster out there. I have a really fast metabolism, I only started on rexulti 3 weeks ago but I swear I started at zero and I&#039;m now at least at 9!  Great stuff!!!"
"Blood pressure never went below 176/110, even with atenolol.  Using Coreg 80 and Exforge, BP 100/76, exercise 3 to 4 four time a week and feel very healthy.  No side effects. "
"I took Tylenol PM for several years and then I started needing more help.  I was not able to go to sleep and stay asleep.  My doctor prescribed Sonata.  It is mostly wonderful.  My doctor prescribed 10 mg.  If I take 10 mg, I have terrible nightmares.  So I take 5 mg about an hour and a half before I go to bed.  It does not work immediately on me.  I also take 2 Tylenol PM tablets. Sonata helps me go to sleep and Tylenol PM helps me to stay asleep.  Even if I wake up in the middle of the night to go to the restroom, I usually don&#039;t have difficulty going back to sleep."
"I&#039;ve been on this for about 7 months, I hate it and ready to go to another pill. When I started taking it I felt pregnant, I&#039;ve gained about 15 lbs since, last month had light spotting for 2 weeks. I will not recommend this pill."
"I have been taking 50mg Pristiq for 3 days.  I can&#039;t believe the difference I felt within the first 24 hours.  My depression and anxiety have eased.  My body aches and pains have subsided.  I hope you will try this medicine. I haven&#039;t felt this normal in years!"
"I&#039;ve tried many migraine medications over the last 20+ years and this is the first that works with almost no side effects!"
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for almost three months now (it was inserted Valentines Day Weekend) and I love it. 
I have experienced some side effects, however. I have noticed an increase in acne, but thankfully I found a new face wash that seems to keep it at bay. My hair gets slightly oilier (but I only wash it every 2-3 days anyways). I have also had some spotting. Nothing too extreme, I can get away with a single pantiliner for the day. The spotting has been on and off for the past months. It will come for a few weeks, and then leave for a few weeks. No weight gain, no funny cravings, no mood swings. 
FYI I&#039;m 23 years old, 120 lbs, and I exercise 5-6 days a week. Best of luck!"
"This is my first experience with birth control. I began taking Lo Loestrin Fe in January, and am just beginning my eighth week. My periods were normal before this experience, but I haven&#039;t had one since I started this bc - for me personally, not a pleasant side effect (my periods were not too painful or heavy, and it was a comfort to know I was not pregnant). My breasts have been extremely painful, and it has only gotten worse with time. I find it very difficult to get out of bed, and I am far more easily angered than before I started this bc. It has also caused moderate/severe constipation. I am going to ask my doctor about a different pill when I am finished with this pack. Overall, would not recommend based on my experience."
"I had vomiting and just couldn&#039;t eat. "
"This is my 3rd time for injections but it has been 7 yrs. since the last one.  The shots hurt so much I cried. (I am 66 and need replacement surgery). The doc did the injections with my knees bent, he said, because the cartilage is gone and it creates a bigger space. It&#039;s been 5 hrs since the injections. Feels better, icing every hour. Hope next week is better."
"I&#039;ve only been on atorvastatin calcium for 8 days and I have the WORST muscle pain. I could barely sit up straight on the toilet, let alone bend my legs. I feel stinging sensations and I&#039;m itching like crazy."
"Works great for my Fibromyalgia pain.  It allowed me to do so many things pain free.  Great medicine for pain!"
"So the patch falls off. It is horrible I tried everything; clean, dry, room temp skin, with no lotion, and pressing firmly for an extended period of time. It shifts within a few days of applying then starts to come off, it rarely lasts a week. I even put it in a spot that the skin doesn&#039;t stretch and move as much, it didnt help at all. I am &quot;active&quot;; doing stuff inside our home, yard work, chasing kids, tons of bending and squatting and the patch comes off when it is on my back no where close to my hips or waist"
"I was diagnosed with BPD and PTSD about three years ago. I have tried a number of medications and nothing has been as good as lamotrigine."
"The worse BC ever. Yes its effective but sense I&#039;ve had enough of it. I&#039;ve had headaches, body aches and serious weight gain. Was always 160 now I&#039;m 217 finally getting it taken out after research and reading other reviews. Also cramping in between periods. Spotting and heavy periods ! Worst BC ever ."
"I had total knee replacement in 2010 and need one in my left knee too and was convinced I could not stop taking Percocet because of pain. My addiction was full blown and I was taking up to 10 pills a day.  Suboxone helped me end the nightmare. I weaned down from 8mg to 2mg in 5 months.  This is my third day off of 2mg and I feel some symptoms but I know it won&#039;t last. I learned to exercise with the Suboxone and take care of my body. Be strong and take care."
"Now aged 88 used for nearly ten years gradually increasing from 1mg to higher doses. No side effects. Now using dialysis plus Bumetanide for best control of ankle swelling. Best of course is to start with CardioRetinometry monitoring of vitamin C needs to avoid kidney failure due to blocked arteries. I learned too late after damage had started and an unusually swollen prostate didn&acute;t help."
"Before this, I&#039;d been ineffectively diagnosed and treated for ADHD and recurrent depression. I&#039;ve taken this medication for only four days following a bipolar II re-diagnosis, but despite this, I feel much better than I had on Prozac. My combination of irritability, depression, lack of motivation, and suicidal/homicidal ideation (in the form of intrusive mental images) has vanished, and I find it much easier to talk to people and look them in the eye again. I&#039;m taking 200mg tablets twice a day and initially noticed mild dizziness, headache, and sleepiness, but these quickly vanished. The only persistent symptoms have been hardly perceptible ringing in the ears and lowering in the pitch at which I hear sounds, esp. familiar songs."
"I am a 53 year old Mom with an 11 year old daughter. I suffer with lower back pain from L4 disc surgery in Sept &#039;16 and fibromyalgia. Advil just does not touch the pain and it also triggers acid reflux. Hydrodone made me severely nauseous. 
Oxycodone is the ONLY pain medicine that gives me relief. It does not make me sleepy or cause acid reflux. I DO take a stool softener on an every other day basis to prevent constipation &amp; that works. Previously I had been on it for 2 years prior to surgery for sciatic nerve pain. After surgery I had NO problem weaning off. If you wean slowly, 1/2 pill reduction at a time, it&#039;s not an issue. It has been a lifesaver for me."
"I switched from ATRIPLA to GENVOYA after experiencing kidney issues with atripla. I have been taking GENVOYA for just 5 days and I experienced very little side effects, which I hope they will go away with time. These side effects on me are:
- slight swelling of my tongue and glands without pain or feeling, just if I look in the mirror I can notice. This side effect is called respiratory tract inflammation.
- trouble sleeping. I just heard this issue will go away taking the pill with your breakfast instead with your dinner (as I did) so you give time to your body to metabolize Genvoya long before going to sleep. I&#039;ll try that from today.
- gassy feeling (no really a problem for me, but it is for my boyfriend hehehe)"
"Eliminated hallucinations, but neither eliminated nor reduced delusions.  Extreme anger, increasing as dosage increased, until becoming extremely violent.  When Abilify was removed relative calm."
"I was prescribed this medication 6 days ago. I am 8 weeks pregnant and I went in to the ER for hydration due to severe morning sickness. They always do a urine specimen on pregnant women. Discovered I had a trace of bacteria so he said he would go ahead and treat it. I&#039;m allergic to sulfa drugs and cephlasporins. Usually I take amoxicillin. I was good for the first few days but now my nausea is almost unbearable also committing more, I&#039;m tired and my back hurts. Only 4 more pills to take. I figured my morning sickness just peaked but after reading these reviews I&#039;m not so sure but I do have nausea meds so I&#039;ll be taking those."
"It&#039;s a great alternative for people with stomach issues as it causes no GI  upset.  You do have to eat, it can make you nauseous if you don&#039;t, but I can&#039;t tolerate anti depressant or strong opiates, so this does the trick for moderate chronic pain. Not a good choice for severe pain or post surgery."
"I took Milk of Magnesia at around 10 pm after being constipated for about four days. I drank half the bottle. At four o&#039;clock in the morning I woke up to terrible cramps. I sat in the bathroom for almost thirty minutes until I got a solid stool. Then I spent the next four/ five hours dealing with violent diarrhea."
"Does little to nothing."
"I grew up with anxiety but as I got older it turned in to social anxiety and really turned me into an ugly person... I started feeling super insecure about my appearance, had uncontrollable obsessive thoughts, weird fantasies, I believed I wasn&#039;t normal.... after getting sick of feeling so insecure and anxious, I know something was wrong with me. My doctor prescribed me 10mg of Paxil for the first 2 weeks, and 20mg after. I&#039;m now 4 months and a few days in, and I&#039;m starting to feel much more calmer, my attitude towards life is positive!!I&#039;m starting to talk more in class and it&#039;s gradually getting better. The first 2 months where hell"
"I had Irritable bowel syndrome for about 7 or 8 years. Then I got pregnant back in 2007 and haven&#039;t had it since. In March of 2008 I had to have my gall bladder removed. About a month after that, I couldn&#039;t eat without getting sick. Sometimes it was so bad. I went to my doctor and he wanted me on the Librax (generic) and it&#039;s been a life saver. Even when I had IBS I couldn&#039;t eat the way I can now."
"While doing a twist in Zumba in January I felt a pop and terrible pain in my knee.  I was in great pain when walking, for a month, with a knee I have never had a problem with. When I went to the orthopedic Dr he told me I was bone on bone and a candidate for knee surgery.  I am 68 yrs old, very active and have never been overweight, I was shocked at the diagnosis.  Cortisone gave me no relief.  Starting in March I had one injection for 4 weeks, with minimal relief.  A month after the last shot (middle of May) I got out of bed with 90% relief and a bit more improvement for 5 to 6 days.  It is now 5 months and I am almost pain free!  I will have this again when it wears off."
"By day 6 Cipro was helping with the symptoms but I started having blurred vision.  Day 7 vision even more blurred and had a headache and pain behind right eye.  Doctor took me off Cipro and put me on Doxycycline."
"50 Y.O. male, diagnosed Stage IV mRCC on 1 may 2014. Radical nephrectomy of right kidney June 2015. Tumour had invaded surrounding fat, IVC and adheared to bowel. Mets appeared in Jan 2015 (liver). Started 800mg Votrient feb 2015; side effects included, white hair, gastric issues, loss of taste, high BP otherwise felt ok. After 1 Month high liver enzymes forced me to stop. After 4 weeks off, recommenced 400mg  of Votrient. Side effects not as severe but similar to 800mg dose. Required a week off Votrient recently due to a bout of pneumonia. Liver Mets have shrunk from 20mm to 7.5 mm since Jan, 400mg seems to be working, lets hope it stays that way."
"I have been on this for 2 weeks (only 4 mg). I have energy again and do not feel so sleepy during the day. I am still taking seroquel at night- 100mg to sleep. Side effects are constipation and restlessness. I am now excercising again and able to drop the weight I had gained while on higher doses of seroquel."
"The new Metamucil   made me gain weight i think because of the sugar. My appetite didn&#039;t  change. The old Metamucil worked for me ."
"I was so worried I would have cramping and pain but I was soooo relieved with this SUPREP! I&#039;m being worked up for ulcerative colitis and was afraid this would be a terrible bowel prep experience, but it&#039;s not! 
I expected it to taste bad, I simply held  my nose tight  and drank it down no problem, with a jello chaser lol.  Nauseous the first dose, but ended in a few minutes.  It worked so gently on me, no cramps at all!  Now I&#039;m on my second dose this morning and no nausea, and no cramps. If I ever need a colonoscopy again I&#039;m taking SUPREP. 
Watching a show on my phone right on the John!"
"I was diagnosed with BiPolar Disorder 1 about 8 months ago. My doctor put me on Seroquel 100mg. I do have to take it at night due to the drowsiness it causes. It has made a dramatic change in the racing thoughts and negative self-image I felt. I&#039;ve also had a marked change in my insomnia. I was misdiagnosed for a number of years, and couldn&#039;t understand why the other meds didn&#039;t make a difference. I wake up feeling rested. I did have some vivid dreams when I first began taking it. I also get the munchies, but they have subsided considerably in the last month or two, and have dropped almost 20 pounds. This is magical as far as I&#039;m concerned! As well as the Seroquel, I also take 20 mg of Lexapro and 600 mg of Neurontin every night. Thanks!!"
"My doctor started me on Belviq after a recent visit. I was excited to try this new diet pill hoping it would give me the edge to begin losing weight. Unfortunately after a month and a half I have failed to lose any weight. I hope others have better luck."
"Before taking Indocin aches and pain are felt throughout my joints. When I take it at night I sleep better and the following day I feel the pain is diminished by 60% or better. I stop taking them after 3 to 4 days and start when the pain gets unbearable."
"This medicine changed my life. After 18 months of constant post nasal drip, coughing up sputum, sore throat, and nasal congestion, I think I may have finally found my answer. I have taken almost every medicine suggested to me and seen over 30 doctors. I was finally put on this for Rhinitis and Asthma and I started to notice a big difference by 4 days in. It has now been a week without coughing up sputum (something that I had daily for 18 months), and my congestion and breathing is significantly better. For some reason antihistamines and inhalers don&#039;t seem to help me, but Singulair does. I&#039;m so glad that I tried this medication!"
"I started taking these pills January 12,2017  bc I didn&#039;t won&#039;t to deal with having a period anymore...the worst mistake do not take! My hormones are jacked up. I&#039;m am very moody my appetite  is crazy I have gain 10 pounds and also I been bleeding for 3 weeks straight. My Dr told me to continue to take but I will not take this med - he even tried change the dosage and give me some menopause meds. I said I&#039;m not taking any of that meds it had me so messed up bad. I&#039;m am bleeding so much from my uterus. They are recommending  that I have Nova Sure surgery done. I will keep u post but beware this birth control is not good at all these.  reviews are truth."
"I just got the skyla put in a little over 4 weeks ago, I was not expecting to get it that day so I had not taken any meds, it was a bit uncomfortable but totally tolerable, just felt like a bad cramp. I was able to sit right up and drive myself home. I had a regular period about 3 weeks after it was inserted and was able to have sex about a week after! My partner says he can&#039;t feel a thing too. My checkup was yesterday and my doctor said everything was perfect! I recommend this IUD!"
"I&#039;ve been on a Sovaldi, Interferon, and Ribiviran treatment for 5 weeks. My doctor says my viral load is ZERO! I still need to take it for 7 more weeks but I am EXTREMLY happy! Yes, I am wiped out, I can&#039;t work, but the reward is HUGE!"
"For me I had a terrible time with suboxone. It relieved the opiate withdrawal a number 3 out of 10. Bones started to creak, teeth started cracking/breaking, insomnia, legs wouldn&#039;t stop moving, headaches, backache. It just didnt work for me, doesn&#039;t mean it doesn&#039;t work. Initially I felt as though it was just the process of the other opiates leaving my body but after a month of feeling like rubbish I relapsed, I could no longer take it, it took a lot more to get relief due to the effects of the sub. After a year and a half of suboxone and feeling badly all the time, I gave up suboxone and the second job to pay for it and went back to full time drugging until I found methadone and have been happily and contentedly clean without any pain since."
"I have had Implanon for a little over a year now and it has both benefits and drawbacks. It hurt really badly having it put in and took several weeks to heal. I can still see it through my skin and there is a scar at the entrance. For the first 9 months I did not get my period and then all of a sudden I have light periods every 3-4 weeks and it&#039;s not on a repetitive schedule. It&#039;s great not having to think about taking a pill everyday but the surprise periods aren&#039;t fun. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings or weight gain but I have had skin reactions. My face and back break out with acne since starting the medicine and the insertion site is still itchy. "
"64 yrs old, difficulty sustaining an erection, have tried Viagra, Cialis, Levitra and now Stendra.  Viagra gave me irregular heartbeat, Cialis gave me the worst headache and severe facial flushing but worked great, Levitra had lesser side effects but stopped working despite increasing the dosage.  Have used Stendra about 4 months now, have had to increase the dose steadily, now it is effective at 250 mg and still very limited side effects, a slight headache sometimes, no body or back ache, slight facial flushing, so basically it is the best erectile dysfunction medicine I&#039;ve yet tried."
"This has worked better than any other medicine I have used to treat mania. I only had slight fatigue when starting the medicine but it disappeared after a few weeks."
"After being diagnosed with vestibular migraines about a year ago, I resisted taking any medications. The dizziness and feeling unwell caused depression as I was afraid to go anywhere and get a major dizzy spell that would make me also have symptoms of a stroke ( numb face and arm and difficulty speaking.)
I started taking Nortrypraline and stopped after a few days as I was so tired and felt nauseated. My doctor told me to give it a go for a solid month and I&#039;m so glad that I did. After about three weeks I started feeling so much better. Less episodes and when they came on, they were very mild. 
I&#039;m only taking 10mg but plan to increase to 20 to see if even more benefits are seen once I get the ok from my doctor."
"I am a 47 yo male who has been on 100mg of Pristiq for 2 years.  First on 50mg then increased.  I found I was sleepy for the first few months but nothing compared to the original symptoms like depression, anxiety etc.  My only concern is the withdrawal effects.  On one occasion, I went to Pharmacy on Saturday and they advised I needed a new script.  I had to wait until Monday to get a script and they were the two worst days in my life....the withdrawal was chaotic, I argued with the chemist in a rage....never done this before...I called them an hour later sobbing and apologising for my behavior, I had awful flashes in my eyes and headaches that made a migraine feel like party.....I was frantic at the doctor on the Monday morning"
"The prep worked very well, the taste was horrid, and hard to keep down, after the AM dose at 5, I was still going at 7:30 and had to wear a depends to get to the Hospital, I had burns in my mouth, and although I used lots of A&amp;D, my backside was scalded, With in a week of using this, I developed Psoriasis all over my body, I have been treated now for several months, which is expensive, Doctors claim that it couldn&#039;t be because of the Prep, although I have found two other senior women that have had the same results, I think this Prep is expensive and dangerous, Don&#039;t do it!!"
"I took this pill for about a month. And in that month, I thought I was doing fine. No mood swings, nausea, headaches, not as much acne. But then my mom pulls me out of my room one day and tells me that I was gaining weight. I thought I had noticed it, but thought it was just because I was eating a lot. Being on this pill made me overly hungry all the time. "
"I have taken Casodex for years and PSA stays around 3.7.  No operation.  Side effect is enlarged breasts. Now 79 years old and swimming a mile a day. Feel strong and doing well."
"I was prescribed Fioricet for a head injury after Norco made me nauseous. No nausea with Fioricet.  It does make me dizzy and disoriented but helps with the pain."
"I am usually against medicine to mask pain. I never really liked pain medicine. It was a muscle relaxer I took a few years ago that I believed led to my crooked neck and back. It sounds small, I&#039;m sure everyone has had back pain. But I am 24 years old and wasn&#039;t living the life all my friends were, because pain factored into everything, ruining everything. I got depressed. I tried everything. I tried EVERYTHING. I am going to a chiropractor now hoping that helps. I still needed something to get me through all my days. I used to wake up in pain and just lay back down and cry. Now I can take Vicoprofen and it drastically helps more than anything. I would recommend this."
"This supplement has really helped with my severe constipation.  I stopped taking it and the constipation returned.  I must take it with food or it will upset my stomach."
"Have used Viagra 100MG split into halves or thirds for about 3 years, always works, but I notice that unless I take half, I better get on the job fairly quick, within an hour, and sometimes it&#039;s hard to orgasm. Also I sometimes get stuffy nose,  sometimes ruins the mood. So I tried 10MG half a Levitra, first occasion I got hard within 20 mins (actually Viagra has always been about 15 mins) but then I lost my hard on for a little bit and thought Levitra was a failure, but then it came back and I would&#039;ve been able to perform for 4-6 hours no problem. The 2nd dose was incredible, got very hard,  and about 2 hours later got very hard again, 2hours again very hard even the next day was able to get hard, and maintain. Also easier to orgasm I found."
"I&#039;ve struggled with GAD, social anxiety, depression issues since I was 15. Lets just say I get easily nervous. I am now 27 as I type this ,and let me just say I&#039;ve tried every single antidepressant out there. This one has really worked for me it boosted my mood. I&#039;m more social. I don&#039;t do anything socially awkward around new people anymore. And I keep losing a lot of weight even though I&#039;m very active. So that&#039;s a plus!"
"I have just started taking the medication and have noticed a considerable change in my mood.  I am not jumpy anymore. The only thing that I don&#039;t like about it is the bad taste I get in my mouth and some insomnia."
"Works wonders!!"
"I&#039;m the type of person to read reviews and overthink and worry about mediciatons so I had to leave a review about this. I was soooooo scared to try this I had the worst anxiety and come to find out, I had little to none side effects. I took the pills every 4 hours instead of all four at the same time. Every time I took it I had food before so I think that&#039;s what helped me not have side effects. I just knew I was going to get side effects because I has HORRIBLE side effects from Metrodidazole. Only side effects was a little light headness/tiredness and the weird taste in my mouth. They were very mild."
"After I started taking this medicine I got Restless Leg Syndrome - when I went off of the medicine it went away.
I was always tired while taking the medicine. When I quit, I got dizzy twice and fell within the first week after I stopped taking it."
"I prepared for my first colonoscopy at 50 by taking preponik. The taste was fine--almost like a lemony Tang. My first run took about 4hrs, and then it lasted for about 2 hrs off and on. I&#039;ll take the 2nd dose in a.m. before procedure. at 2"
"I have Sleep Apnea and use CPAP but unfortunately the CPAP doesn&#039;t completely resolve the exhaustion.  I take 200mg Provigil once a day and it has given me my life back.  I was in danger of losing my job because the exhaustion caused me not to be able to focus or produce.  Once on the Provigil, my boss says he has been blown away by my performance.  No side effects whatsoever."
"Ronlngbch#1 thank you for your article ; I have had minor l5 budge for 20 years with minor numbness in right thigh three week ago I started getting the worst shooting pain in the middle of night and standing up if I sit in same spot for 15 minuet&#039;s the intense pain would last 15 seconds to a minuet but the only way I can describe it is my muscle being ripped off the bone.(WORST PAIN OF MY LIFE)  Dr. started me at 300 mg 3 times a day on day two already feel better I didn&#039;t even wake up last night. I was hoping it worked fast on some one else too so I know  its not just a placebo effect . insurance was making me do a whole song &amp; dance to get Lyrical I called Dr. office &amp; he faxed in the gabapentin"
"I took the pill 3 hours after unprotected sex, he literally came inside me. I freaked out and made him buy it. Because I was in my most ovulated day. After taking it I experienced mild cramping nothing bad but I was able to handle. I recommend staying in. Bed the morning after. Because I was very drowsy and sleepy!! I literally took naps that completed 15 hours of sleep! More than half of a day hours!! Plus my appetite increased by a lot!!! I was eating and craving all in sight. I guess it was the amount of hormones in my body. On day 3 I experienced a lot of nausea but it went away and then 8 days later I got my period! Lord!!! It was painful cramps but pop some painkillers like advil or aleeve and you should be fine!!"
"I got given it at first by emergency department when a rash was breaking out over my face.

It works. But I also have anxiety and have found it to be way better than Valium etc.  I feel relaxed and too not sleep I&#039;ll just take half a tablet but at night the 25 mg tablet helps my allergies and is a god send to relax the mind.  I love it.  I&#039;ve noticed some people take it for nausea. I have always used stemitel and that works almost instantly. And I have no adverse reactions to either. I don&#039;t know why they don&#039;t use this for anxiety and such"
"No side effects but didn&#039;t take away the itch or infection. I had to buy monistat 7, which made me itch worse."
"I changed doctors. The one I was going to did nothing for me no matter what we tried. I&#039;m a 64 year old male who was diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes about 4 years ago. Started seeing my new Endocrinologist July 20th, 2011. First thing he did was stop me from taking Actos. Second thing he did was put me on a Testosterone Gel, and the most important thing, had me start Victoza. My headaches, and upset stomach were minor, and ended about 10 days after starting. I&#039;m about 5&#039;4&quot; tall, weighed 280 pounds. Since then I&#039;ve lost 70 pounds. Went from a size 48 waist slacks, and jeans, down to 38&#039;s. Most importantly I went from having sugar levels in the 350&#039;s 400&#039;s to 120&#039;s, 110&#039;s, even at times mid 90&#039;s. The doctor and this medicine have saved my life."
"I had five toenails affected with nail fungus. My Podiatrist put me on Jublia 15 months ago. I have had 4 laser treatments and have faithfully used Jublia every morning for 15 months. I have kept my nails clean and short. At the beginning of my treatment I was getting a bottle of Jublia delivered to my home at no cost for about 8 months. One bottle would last about 3 weeks. Then suddenly I wasn&#039;t getting refills. After several phone calls I was told I needed to pay $40 per bottle. I was ok with that as I really wanted to continue the treatment for one year as recommended by my Dr. After I began paying for it, I noticed the bottle was actually full and lasted about 6 weeks. I have only seen a slight improvement. Didn&#039;t work!!"
"Have been using Jublia as directed for 6 months with no change! This medication does not work! Total waste of money!"
"For those of you reading this site, you&#039;re probably worried sick and waiting for your period to come. Don&#039;t worry, I was like that too! And I can honestly tell you that this pill works: I took it after 36 hours of having unprotected sex. I was worried that I had taken it too late as many people said that they took it within 24 hours of having unprotected sex, but my period came on the 7th day of taking this pill. I had a little bit of cramps and my flow is heavier than usual, but I would absolutely recommend this pill to anyone. It really works, just give it some time and your period will come."
"I have Bipolar disorder and have ADD (not ADHD) for which I was on Ritalin (methylphenidate).  My doctor switched me to Adderall because my concentration seemed to be waning again, but I don&#039;t believe it is working as well. Concentration is about the same, but it seems I am experiencing a lot more anxiety now than I did with the Ritalin."
"Started diet on 4/12 (236.8 lbs) using my fitness pal app 1200 calorie diet. Lost 8.3 in 7 days. Began Pentermine on 4/21 (228.8lbs) today is 5/5 and I&#039;m down 14lbs from Phentermine 22.5 lbs total since 4/12. Goal weight is 175lbs. Last seven days I lost 4.4lbs so the weight loss slows down after the first weeks.  I&#039;ve been running 3 miles every other day and workout 3-4x a week. Drink plenty of water. Goal weight 175lbs. I&#039;m on a 600 cal a day diet and I rarely go beyond 450 calories. No side effects, I take weekly pics, huge difference even over the last 7 days, I look 10 years younger already. I&#039;m 45."
"I have used it for over 15 years.
An EEG showed I had quite a bit of extraneous thought, a left and right hemisphere that had identical thought processes and a temporal lobe that was off the chart.
Dexedrine changed my life.

Unfortunately many Doctors are using outdated/outmoded technology and refuse to prescribe it."
"After trying gobs of anti-depressants, Xanax and the like, Klonopin along with both Effexor and Inderal has obliterated ANY and ALL anxiety and disabling symptoms plaguing my life for YEARS. I am so happy to have found a sympathetic physician who listens to my strife and actually cares about my welfare as a patient.  This combination has made me a NEW person with SO MANY opportunities in life.  This medicine has been a lifesaver and so very happy I&#039;m finally squared with my emotional and anxiety-ridden baggage.  Not a SINGLE panic attack or anxiety attack since starting Klonopin. It&#039;s really a God send after so many years of struggling and would recommend to anyone a frank discussion with his/her physician for at least a trial."
"Not impressed. I was on Embeda, but found it had absolutely no effect on me whatsoever for my pain.  I have a back injury that I have had for years, and I am in chronic pain. While on Embeda, there was NO relief, except that it would put me to sleep from the drowsiness that it causes."
"I&#039;ve had issues with constipation since October 2015.  The doctor had me on Miralax daily until I got into the Gastroenterologist in April.  He gave me samples of Amitiza and told me to try it on the weekend.  It was horrible cramps, gas and bloating.  So I went back to Miralax.  Then my regular doctor suggested Milk of Magnesia.  I took some before I went to bed last night 7/4/16.  I was awakened at 4:30 a.m. with pain worse then labor pains.  I filled the toilet bowel with what looked like snack pack chocolate pudding.  Terrible gas pains stomach just knotting up and turning.  I have my colonoscopy scheduled for 7/8/16.  I hope the prep they gave me doesn&#039;t have the same affect on me. My stomach is still messed up 24 hours later."
"I have tried a lot of different NSAIDs and this is a miracle.  I moved back up north where weather is colder, causing my sciatica to flare up more often. Been on this 6 months and so glad I am."
"I&#039;m 56 had little energy, slept a lot and gained a good deal of weight. I have felt really good since I started Axiron. The change was immediate and dramatic. I look forward to taking it. My levels were very low and after two weeks of using Axiron the test showed the level was higher and the doctor was pleased. I feel a libido again and I have a lot more energy. My appetite is way down too, not sure that&#039;s an effect. When I use the applicator I hold it in one place against the skin for a few seconds before I move it around, then I slowly move it while pushing it in and out a little. Don&#039;t let it come off the skin and it now runs down my body rarely. Hopefully it keeps working. I like it a lot."
"I started taking latuda and had to stop due to pregnancy but prior to pregnancy I was taking latuda 40mg and vybriid and the two work amazing wonders together"
"I have been on the Nuvaring for a month now. The only issue I have with it, is that I have had light bleeding in between but no pain. I can&#039;t feel it and when I had sex with my Boyfriend he said he liked the feeling of it. I don&#039;t really care for taking it out and putting it back in, but it is so much better than remembering to take a pill everyday. I have had a few mood swings but most women have them."
"Medicine information says &quot;watch for changes in mood or behavior&quot;. My experience with my girlfriend is that this is a dangerous drug for people with mania."
"I have had problems with Sinus headaches for most of my adult life. Nasonex seems to be helping relieve the headaches.  I love it."
"I LOVE THIS MEDICINE. I have chronic end stage Interstitial Cystitis. I&#039;ve had it bad for 24 years and NOTHING worked but the URIBEL. I have taken Urelle and Utira-C and none of them worked. But this one takes away my bladder pressure &amp; pain. I can immediately tell when it wears off. I am taking every 6 hours (4 times per day). I have Medicare and it doesn&#039;t cover it, but the relief from pain is well worth it."
"For me, this relieves withdrawal symptoms within an hour. It&#039;s like magic relief from awful withdrawal anxiety, heart thumping, and nervous system twinges that I get in withdrawal. I have been prescribed it when I am honest with the doctor and they know I am pursuing staying sober, going to counseling etc. It is a miracle for withdrawal symptoms for me."
"I got it because I had painful cramping and heavy bleeding but my first Mirena slipped down and now I have a new one and I still have bleeding and horrible cramping. I am 23 years old"
"I am from israel and i have used phentermine in the past but the side effects were HORRIFIC.
anyway i was very excited to start saxenda but over here the price for it is so high.
i paid 350$ to get it, anyway its an amazing drug!
almost no side effects (besides nausea on the week i increase the dosage).
instead of increasing dosage once a week, 
i increase the dosage once every month (starting from the 1.2).
that way i save some money AND prolong the time when my body will start to develop an immunity to the drug and lose its effectiveness.
anyway i feel VERY strong about this drug.
almost no hunger at all and i eat about 700-800 calories a day.
i have lost a bit over 50 pounds in 13 weeks! and it was so so easy! wow.
no hunger struggles!"
"Take only as need due to severe neuropathy of amputated foot.  Take only when pain is severe.  Does not give me headaches as Vicodin and other similar medications."
"Paxil made me gain 5 lbs.. I noticed most of it was in my abdomen. It also made me very tired. I gained 15 lbs. overall. I was taken off it, but my energy wasn&#039;t coming back. It turned out I had a thyroid problem due to my carbamazepine, which controls my epileptic seizures."
"I have had irritable bowel syndrome for over 17 years. First they could do nothing for me but prescribe antispasmodics which eventually I developed an allergy against. After going to a DO, she recommended I try natural medications such as fiber and acidophilus. I started taking it and I have never felt better! I recommend it to anyone with digestion problems.."
"I started chateal in January, it&#039;s not August and I stopped taking it about 2 weeks ago. This pill works great for its intended purpose because I definitely didn&#039;t get pregnant but the side effects were becoming too much for me to handle. I gained about 8 pounds which I did not like as I&#039;m very self conscious and have a mild eating disorder. It also made me severely depressed and anxious. I would cry all the time at the smallest things and I just couldn&#039;t take it anymore. After just 2 weeks of not taking it I have noticed a huge improvement in my mood. I haven&#039;t cried for 3 days whereas I was crying about 5 times a day while on the pill."
"My wifes eye trouble began over 5 yrs ago...after 2 specialists basically telling her nothing was wrong the 3rd one informed her of her anterior uveitis. Pupil crazy shaped, severe pain, severe pressure and very light sensitive. Ketorelac, Durezol, and another! Using for almost 5 yrs and iris has been stuck to lens entire time never releasing! Recently removed 2 and tried Combigan and Durezol together! On day 1 pain was the worst its been out of all this time..today (3rd day) she woke, I asked about her pain and her reply &quot;the best its felt since this happened&quot;! I checked it and for the 1st time in 5 yrs her pupil was actually round again and reacts to light...just left doc and the blockage (stuck iris) was 50% released!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 7 months and I love it! I did have some spotting but it was because I wasn&#039;t taking the pill at the same time everyday. No symptoms. No side effects. Works great for me!"
"I had a major breakdown and was hospitalized. My psychiatrist put me on effexor. I took it before bed and by 2 am I was running fever and felt like I had the flu. It was by far the worst medicine I have ever tried. EVER. I woul never take this again. I felt horrible all day the next day and wouldn&#039;t get out of bed. It was a nightmare."
"I&#039;ve had this inserted for about 7 months. I love it. I have 1 period when it was put in and nothing after but what I hate are the mood swings and I feel kicking in my stomach after multiple test I am not pregnant but the kicking still is present for the time being, it&#039;s freaky!"
"I want to warn you about watching what you drink and other medicines you take.  It turns out that even a little alcohol (3 drinks a month) and Motrin (6 pills taken over one week) will hurt your liver while on Cymbalta.  I found this out through a routine blood test.  "
"Gabapentin eliminated almost all the pain I have had for eight years due to a staph infection from heart surgery. However, after a few days I developed an irregular heartbeat and had to quit taking it. I called my Doctor who said the gabapentin could not cause the irregular heartbeat, so I started taking it again. It worked wonders for the pain, but after a few days the irregular heartbeat reappears. I would love to be able to take gabapentin because it is a great pain reliever but I can&#039;t deal with the irregular heartbeat."
"I was a hard core Atkins dieter in my early 20&#039;s, lost a tremendous amount of weight, and kept it off for 5 years.  I then got pregnant, stopped eating healthy and gained everything back and then some.  Now I&#039;m in my 30&#039;s with my highest weight being 218.  I started back on the Atkins and started exercising but my weight was not coming off like it did when I was in my 20&#039;s.  My doctor prescribed phentermine and I&#039;ve lost a pound every day, I&#039;m finally out of the 200&#039;s and down to 198 today (never thought I&#039;d see the day).  I have had dry mouth occasionally  with no other side effect.  I&#039;ve been exercising and eating low carb and feel great.  I hope to be 135 someday."
"My experience:
Cons- some nights, right as soon as I fell asleep, I&#039;d wake up sleep walking and make myself something to eat, or get naked and sit at the table. Now I&#039;m not a sleep walker but my brother sleeps late and he would always tell me in the morning that I&#039;d walk into his room and say something random or he&#039;d be in the kitchen when I wake up sleepwalking. He&#039;d say I always seemed fully awake cause my eyes were wide open but I&#039;d act weird.
Pro&#039;s- Kept me asleep and I&#039;d wake up early feeling I had enough sleep."
"Really dried up my congestion, but made me very sleepy"
"I was first put on this med in 1995 to deal with my OCD which manifests itself in compulsive negative thought and inability to overcome negativity, as well as occasional wishing I would die and suicidal thoughts (never acted upon).

Due to frequent professionally-caused moves around the world, periodically Luvox was unavailable to me, so I was placed on alternatives such as Zoloft and others, all of which had heavy side effects.

The best thing for me about Luvox was my ability to cope, no sexual side effects, and also the ability to still feel, all of which other drugs (especially Zoloft) prevented, leaving me feeling like a zombie. Luvox let me be me without my OCD and generally with it, I am a happier, more positive and creative person."
"I have to agree it is a good medicine to detox on however your detox from the methadose is gonna be a long hard road. Unless you are planning on staying on it forever you can count on a long hard withdrawal. It does work wonders for pain but when you move away or get cut off it lands you in a situation of finding another doctor to write for it or the dreaded methadone clinics that charge $11 to $15 a day! Wonderful for pain even got me up and mobile."
"I have been on Cymbalta for about 4 months now, and finally can say that it is worth going through some of the beginning side effects.  We must be careful though, to listen to our bodies first.  Side effects can be bothersome but should not be unbearable, so if this is your case with Cymbalta or any other medication, you must consult your physician.  When I first started Cymbalta, (which I did twice before finally staying on it) I could not sleep, had headaches, and could not even drink a cup of coffee without feeling as if I was hyper.  Eventually, things got better and I was able to stop the additional medication that was prescribed to help me sleep.  Switching Cymbalta to bedtime helped tremendously!  No pain and/or anxiety."
"Was diagnosed with three degenerative discs that have now compressed on top of each other at L-3, 4 &amp; 5, creating horribly pinched nerves.  Started off with Vicodin, which helped for awhile.
In 2006 was switched to Dilaudid 2mg, then 4mg, currently taking 8mg/ 4 times daily.  Wow, what a great pain killer! With the Vicodin, it dulled the pain but with the dilaudid, it&#039;s completely gone.  Makes living life enjoyable again.  It&#039;s great not to be in constant pain anymore!"
"I started this medication on 2/20 today is 3/26, as of today I have lost 14 lbs and that&#039;s with minimal to moderate exercise!  I&#039;m going to start exercising longer and harder, I think I will see even better results.  For me the side effects have been very minimal, all in the first few weeks, I had a little constipation and only very slight nausea which went away completely the next day.  As far the hunger suppression, it takes away the constant food thoughts and it stops the cravings, I mean I get hungry but only when my body needs food which is great, so I&#039;ve had good results and will continue to take this medication until I reach my goal which is about 30 to 35 more lbs."
"I was nervous at first reading some of the negative reviews and I talked with my doctor about it a while before I switched.  I went back and told him it wasn&#039;t enough and he told me that was just the &quot;starting dose&quot; and we&#039;ll go up each week until we get to the right dose for me.  I was skeptical to say the least but holy cow he was right!  At 750 I can&#039;t believe the difference.  This drug is incredible!"
"Well so far I have taken 4 and still in pain when I pee I am also taking flucloxacillin 500mg so fingers crossed the 2 will work and I will be pain free. Oh I am also drinking lots of cranberry juice."
"I broke my tailbone and was constipated because of it. Because it hurt too bad to try and poop. So i decided to take dulcolax,  i took 2. It definitely works. But terrible terrible pain is followed. I did not have any dairy all i had was water and a bit of broth. This isn&#039;t me being dramatic it was the worst pain I&#039;ve been in ..in a very long time. And i gave natural birth. Just like many other people i had cramps, sweating, and felt as if i would vomit but didnt. And towards 4am my anus felt like it  was spitting out lava. Im never taking this again. Sticking to apple juice which takes longer to work but works without the pain."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for a year and didn&#039;t have issues till now. I didn&#039;t have a period for 4 months and it just started out of no where the other day but super light. I haven&#039;t had acne this bad since I was 14.. I&#039;m 19 now. I have horrible sugar cravings and mood swings like crazy and I&#039;ve gained 10 lbs within the past year."
"I have been taking Qsymia for 6 months now...on the highest dose at this point.  I have been taking it exactly how it is supposed to be taken per my doctor.  I have physical limitations (bad knees) that keep me from being able to exercise much.  Walking is about all I am able to do.  I did not change my diet radically, the Qsymia changed it for me making me want to eat healthier because the crap food had negative effects on me and/or tasted like crap.  Becoming soda-free was the best thing that ever happened to me.  To date I have lost 83 pounds and have 57 more to go and know I will lose it with the help of this.  Would I recommend this to people?  Absolutely!!  Is it worth the tingling in the feet?  The dry mouth? YES!"
"I lost 100 lbs in 8 months on my own by working out and eating healthier. I kept it off for 3 years and due to stressors and two night shift jobs I found myself gaining 47lbs in 6months. Very scary for me which brought on my depression and severe knee pain!! So my doc monitored my activity for 6 months and I lost 0 lbs and she decided to give this medication a try 4 days into it with a balanced diet and 4 days of an hour of exercise I have lost 7 lbs"
"I&#039;ve been taking Tri-Sprintec for 2 weeks now. I&#039;ve lost my appetite, I&#039;ve had bloating, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and I&#039;m very moody. I thought I just ate something bad but after reading the reviews from other girls, I think it&#039;s the birth control and I think I&#039;m going to stop taking this birth control."
"I&#039;m in my early 30&#039;s and found myself single again after 10 years of marriage and anxious when it came to being with new women, wasn&#039;t getting as hard and was hit and miss. Went to the Dr and got the 20mg Cialias and all is good. You can relax and know everything&#039;s going to work and can go multiple times. Just wished it was cheaper."
"I&#039;m not a doctor, but I want everyone who&#039;s reading this to know: EVERYONE REACTS DIFFERENTLY TO MEDICINE. Pristiq didn&#039;t work for me, unfortunately. I was on the lowest Mg. It didn&#039;t do anything when I took it, but man...when I didn&#039;t take it...it was like I was having an &quot;out of body experience.&quot; It was the weirdest feeling. Not like a &quot;cool&quot; high. It was uncomfortable and annoying. I kept taking it in hopes of it helping my suicidal thoughts, and major anxiety. Now, all antidepressants CAN increase suicidal thoughts. Pristiq definitely increased these bad thoughts. I threw up before work (anxiety) &amp; was always a nervous wreck. I&#039;m off the medicine now. Going back to the doctors to talk about other options. God bless all of you."
"Yup, I&#039;ve never had this happen to me after taking yeast infection medicine but like many others here, my vagina is on fire. I am miserable. It does seem like this could be a bad batch as many other women seem to have had a similar experience."
"I felt more emotionally stable on this, meaning when I would have usually gotten to a certain point, the medication stopped it before it could escalate. For the first few months I was thankful for not completely crashing and burning every couple of weeks (I was in a particularly stressful situation in the period of time I was taking this so my hopelessness was exasperated), significant reduction in hallucinations and paranoid delusions, not being able to cry, sleeping consistently and having no memory of my dreams. The reasons as to why I stopped taking it were degenerated eyesight (my eyesight had been perfect prior to meds), severely effected long and short term memory and zero motivation in all areas of life. I didn&#039;t feel like myself."
"So was on day 2 of a yeast infection and had the hubby pick up monistat. I usually do the 3 or 7 day treatment, but he picked up the one day, his thought, faster healing. I was raw from itching to begin with and yes it burnt a little when I put the pre filled cream in, for an hour or 2, but not unbearable. The next day I was sore from the rawness, but the itchiness was gone."
"Brilliant medication. I know Venlafaxine is contraindicated in people who experience mania and I have had some issues with that but overall, with other medications that stabilise my mood, I have found Venlafaxine to be a life saver. I am 23, been hospitalised before for a long time and it was the first med I agreed to go back on after a period of desperation following a year of refusal to take meds due to extreme anti-psychiatry views. Now my anxiety is massively decreased, I feel much more on a level, less irritable, far less lethargic. This medication has done so much for me. No side effects apart from the initial week or two of starting it I got some insomnia and occasionally I get a very dry mouth. Sometimes a bad tremor."
"Best one for me in the 20 some yrs I&#039;ve had to deal with them. I&#039;ve taken 100mg pills all along. "
"I&#039;ve been on the implant for a month now and have not had any side effects and have yet to get my period or any spotting. I really like the not having to worry about remembering anything like with the pill."
".. did booster my T to 800 , but not a genuine feeling from it. it sort of elevating  aggression impacted areas, aggressive sex, aggressive mood , aggression in the morning, aggressive dreams aggressive energy. It is not relaxing me it is elevation anxiety level. I am taking shots for first 3 days after each shot are terrible moody aggression.  I say it  is not for me.."
"I&#039;m 40 years old with two teenaged children. I was tired of taking a birth control pill daily, and had trouble remembering to take it sometimes. I had the Mirena inserted last month, and it was a painless procedure. I had some minor cramping for the first day or two, but no bleeding. I did not get my period this month and I&#039;m hoping I don&#039;t get one ever again! I highly recommend Mirena."
"I am on day 2 of the vivitrol shot. I was a oxi/alcohol user for 3 years and then switched to suboxone detoxed off the subs at 1/4 mg/2mg films . Withdrawals off 1/4 mg were pure hell even.got the vivitrol shot and now I haven&#039;t slept in 2 days only 3-4 hours a night.  My alcohol cravings aren&#039;t as bad but still want a beer.  My oxi cravings are gone.  I don&#039;t hurt or feel restless from the sub withdrawals.  I tried taking melatonin to sleep but it don&#039;t help. If this sleep pattern persists I am not getting the shot next month."
"My first period on it was heavier than normal.  After that I was spotting for several days which I have never experienced.  This past month I have either been bleeding or spotting and its incredibly frustrating! Lots of random cramps as well.  My mood has been up and down which is also frustrating. "
"I was given this &quot;new miracle drug&quot; by the NP in my MD office last Tuesday. After reading the reviews on Trulicity I was wary since I have allergies and sensitivities to other drugs and foods. The NP was  pretty adamant that this drug would really work for me, so I agreed. I gave the first shot on Wed. night about 8pm and by 10pm the nausea started. By midnight I was vomiting steadily and spent the WHOLE NIGHT in the bathroom! Nothing stayed down, not water, Gatorade or crackers...even Phenergan (RX nausea pill) came back up. Missed work Thurs, miserable at work Fri and still sick on Sunday...off to Urgent Care now to try and fix this. DON&#039;T TAKE THIS DRUG unless you want to be horribly sick for days and can afford to miss work!!"
"I&#039;ve been on the isoniazid for almost one month and I&#039;m not sure I will be able to continue. I&#039;m experiencing bad headaches nearly every day. Before going on the drug, I took Tylenol every 6 hours for arthritis pain. Now I have had to stop the tylenol. I have Crohn&#039;s disease so I can&#039;t take any NSAIDS. That leaves me no options for my headaches. Not sure I can deal with this for 9months. After one week my liver enzymes have already increased by 7. Pretty stressed out about this whole thing. I tested positive for latent TB when waiting to start Humira for my Rheumatoid Arthritis. Now I can&#039;t take anything for my pain until I&#039;m treated for the TB for 9months. Life sucks."
"I had smoked 2 packs a day for 44 years and a change was needed since I was not going to continue to pay such high prices to smoke outside in the heat, rain, bugs etc.  Started Chantix and never looked back.  I started to really look forward to the really vivid dreams each night.  No other side effects for me.  Refilled the prescription and cut dose in half for next 6 months.  After 4 1/2 years still smoke-free and have become an avid cyclist, riding nearly 5,000 miles per year.  Best part is that my lungs have fully recovered and regardless of the level of exertion when cycling I never have any wheezing or shortness of breath.  I may be breathing hard and fast after a tall hill climb or sprint but my lungs can keep up.  This is priceless."
"I started suffering migraines about 10 years ago and was given several Relpax samples.  They were true lifesavers, nearly always working in about 30min (45min max).  As the years wore on, I realized how expensive Relpax was, and my insurance didn&#039;t cover it.  

I&#039;ve also used sumatriptan and naratriptan, having better luck with the naratriptan - but neither is nearly as fast or reliable for complete relief as Relpax is.  Last fall, I was able to sign up for Pfizer&#039;s assistance program and I now get the Relpax for free.  Seriously, I actually bawled I was so happy - this stuff is a lifesaver for me.  

Try the Pfizer Connection to Care for free Relpax if you can, the income limits are pretty reasonable and the paperwork isn&#039;t a huge hassle!"
"It works."
"My yeast infection this time was not as bad as the first one I had; just some mild itching and being uncomfortable. I didn&#039;t want to go to the doctor so took this medicine at about 7:30 PM last night and laid down immediately after. I felt normal for the most part. At about 9:45 PM I got up to get some water and noticed an extreme itching feeling that was way worse than the yeast infection. The extreme itching lasted for about 15 minutes and was replaced with a burning feeling. The burning was not as bad as people are making it out to be. I have a very high pain tolerance and yes, the medicine burned but not to the point where I couldn&#039;t fall asleep or burst out into tears. It still burns a bit this morning but no itching!"
"Great sorce of birth contol"
"usually works well relatively inexpensive. not as effective for me as ppis but probably safer"
"I started suffering from moderate cystic acne in my mid-30s and Aczone is the only medication that has helped (aside from oral antibiotics, which I didn&#039;t want to take long term).  I noticed a difference almost immediately.  I&#039;m now 3 weeks into my treatment plan and my skin is perfectly clear.  I use Aczone in the morning, Glycolix 5-2 pads late in the afternoon, and Tretinoin 0.05% at night.  I moisturize dry spots with Skinceuticals Phyto corrective serum. My skin hasn&#039;t looked this good in years!"
"So after the initial wave of sickness I went to school. I honestly thought I had picked up some kind of sickness! Then came the hormone distater.. I&#039;ve felt like I&#039;ve been PMSing x100 constantly. It NEVER stops. I&#039;m an emotional wreck, I don&#039;t feel like I can function or make any rational decisions! I&#039;m scared! It&#039;s going to be an insane challenge to deal with this for 2 more months.. god help me!! In addition, I&#039;ve gained a little weight and had a huge increase in acne (again like being on your period X100). But hey at least I&#039;m not pregnant......would never recommend or do this EVER again"
"I sprayed it on the irritation which had hurt like a son of gun, and it immediately stopped hurting."
"I am so grateful for Chantix. I have been on it for 5 months. I smoked for 29 years. I have been smoke free for 5 months. This is my 3rd time quitting and am so glad for this medicine. Never had any issues with this medicine. The only thing I had was weird dreams but that was it."
"I was given Dilaudid after being in the hospital for bowel obstruction. Worst pain of my LIFE! In IV form its amazing, total pain relief in 60 seconds. It was hard to get perscribed in pill form but finally found a pain doctor that agreed it was a better drug for me. I now take 4mg pills every 6-8 hours and can lead a normal life. There are no side effects, but it is hard to get a script for. Take only as doctor says, DO NOT take more."
"Nasty stuff, no doubt.   It did work though.  Started 1st dose at 7 pm.  Poured in 16 oz cup and added cold water per instructions.   Drank it holding my nose.  Took about 30 minutes to get it down.  Bowel movement started within another 30 minutes.  Went on until about 9:30.  Just liquid by that point.  Next dose at 4 am.   Much harder to get down.  Took about an hour and I could not finish the whole thing.   It still worked within 30 minutes and here is the kicker.  2nd dose needed for stuff that builds up over the night.  Started out pretty dark again, mostly liquid, and finished at light yellow.   It cleaned me out but good.   Procedure at 10 am and had 5 polyps.  Clips needed for one larger one.  Waiting on biopsy bottom line DO IT !!!"
"I was on Ativan for Generalized Anxiety Disorder with Panic Disorder.  It worked okay, however once I started seeing a specialist, I changed to Klonopin.  I find that Klonopin is much more consistent, meaning I don&#039;t feel it kick in and wear off like I did the Ativan, this apparently is due to its longer half-life.  I did find out the hard way, that these are abused by some people, so don&#039;t leave them accessible in any way.  I had mine stolen once, bad experience!"
"I have arthritis in my left leg due to an injury.  I am on Neurontin for the nerve pain and was originally prescribed piroxicam for the associated arthritis pain.  It made me terribly ill, couldn&#039;t keep anything down, and we switched to meloxicam.  The side effects vanished and the pain relief was wonderful.  This medication helps get me through my days."
"For most of my life I have felt something was wrong. Recently my anxiety began to feel worse than usual so I went to a new doctor. He prescribed me Sertraline. For the first week I felt anxiety and headaches, just quite &#039;wired&#039;. I was worried I was going to damage my brain and the meds wouldn&#039;t work but then suddenly I felt &#039;fixed&#039;! I am so relaxed now. I don&#039;t feel like I&#039;m going mad from anxiety anymore! This is how I should have always felt. Glad I&#039;ve sorted this out in my twenties. I wish I&#039;d been prescribed this medication sooner!"
"Microgestin 1/20 is the best low dose birth control pill I&#039;ve tried. Some side effects the 1st couple of months but now I feel great. No decrease in sex drive and increase in breast size - I went from an A to B cup! No other weight gain."
"I am doing the prepopik for the first time. I&#039;ve done the golitely and the miralax/Gatorade preps in the past. The prepopik is tolerable. It&#039;s only 5oz 2x so it&#039;s not too difficult. I started feeling it work within the first half hour of taking the first dose. My stool was clear a couple hours later. I took my 2nd dose 6 hours later as directed. It felt like I was pooping fire. It was HORRIBLE take your breath away burning. I did remain clear yellow though. The biggest struggle for me was drinking the at least 24oz after the second dose. I couldn&#039;t take in anymore liquid. My stomach was a mess. I had mild cramping tons of gurgling and a very uncomfortable digestion feeling. This prep wasn&#039;t worse than any of the others."
"Propranolol does help a bit with panic attacks, but not all that much. It does not have too many discernible side effects besides some dizziness."
"I was taking Microgestin for 4 years and switched to test out if the other BC was giving me weight gain. Never got around to the experiment because Loestrin was a nightmare. I had spotting every day since day 5 of the pack. Then cystic acne started popping up and I couldn&#039;t control it with anything! With the other BC, I was able to control it, and it at least went away like a normal pimple, but this acne is painful and HUGE. Combined with the constant spotting and losing all my good thongs to the BC being sassy , I decided to switch back. Based on other reviews, seems like these side effects aren&#039;t going anywhere."
"I&#039;ve been taking 50mg of flecainide twice a day for 2 years now and still love it. I have had  no incidences of afib and no side effects. I do like my alcohol and have 1-2 drinks daily. I believe the flecainide keeps me from having an alcohol related episode which my doctor believes is my trigger. I agree with him but also think dehydration, dieting and stress have been contributing factors as well, and again, the flecainide overrides them all. I&#039;m sure it&#039;s not perfect for everyone, but for me it&#039;s been a godsend."
"So I went back and forth about starting contrave, weighting 275 and nothing was really working for anytime long term, I decided to try. I started in May and its now August, Im currently 245. Its been quite sometime since I&#039;ve been here. All that said, I will say the first week sucked....I was nauseated, stomach cramps, felt like crap. Every day I debated with myself if I was going to continue taking it but I wanted to try, even though i felt bad. I&#039;d say for the first month I wasnt hungry and I couldnt finish all of whatever i put on my plate. I didn&#039;t have desire for sweets or fried anything. Now, those cravings have slowly came back, but I&#039;m still eating smaller portions.Keep an eye on your bl pressure and don&#039;t drink alcohol."
"I have a bipolar disorder with anxiety and have been taking Seroquel for the bipolar condition for more than 5 years.  I decided to try the Buspar to help with the anxiety using 2 X 10mg per day and it works wonders.  At first the side effects made me cry for nothing but after 1 week everything got resolved and I see the benefits.  No real side effects for me since I use Seroquel which is much stronger on the side effects.  What I see is that I can have dreams again which didn&#039;t happen for for the last 20 years and a lot less anxiety.  Less closing of the hands reflects, calm, no social phobia, or performance anxiety.  It is working very well for me and now I need to do more with my life since I have the capacity.  Thanks"
"I didn&#039;t have any of these symptoms my appetite has increased if anything I drank plenty water the smell and discharge has finally went away I took four pills a day but were only suppose to take two I was informed not to drink alcohol while on the antibiotic but I drink a lot and wanted to finish it fast also had a yeast infection on top of having BV so immediately after I&#039;m done taking the antibiotics I have to take a yeast infection pill all this came from douching. NEVER DOUCHE &amp; NEVER use scented soaps on your private area the smell and discharge is horrible and it would smell fishy when I was fresh out the shower"
"Stops dead on track those manic/depressive crisis moments. And I love the hunger it gives me.  Great pill for me. My AP of choice. Always take this with .5 or 1 mg of clonazepam. ;-)"
"I&#039;ve been taking Fioricet for 40 years.  I&#039;ve had migraines for 53 years.  I was 19 when it was first prescribed for me, before that, my life revolved around my headaches.  Fioricet changed my life for the incredibly better.  I&#039;m third generation migraine sufferer, so I suppose there&#039;s an argument for a genetic predisposition.   Up until I was 19, headaches were an almost daily occurrence since I was very young, lasting from 8 hours to days.  So many things triggered them that I won&#039;t even begin to make a list.  I am careful about the acetaminophen component, which seems to be the main potential negative health issue.  Rebound headaches can also occur, but, it&#039;s nothing compared to the life enhancing benefits, at least for me."
"My doctor changed my drug regimen from abilify to Geodon(120 mg  Then I started experiencing trouble swallowing and headaches. These effects were transient so the doctor asked me to stay on the drug. The condition became worse and I went to an ear, throat, nose doctor. They indicated that I was suffering from GERD and inflammation of the larynx. After a few more weeks I was becoming paranoid and experiencing OCD symtoms. My husband called the doctor and demanded she shift back to abilify. A couple days later all the aforementioned symtoms disappeared. I am sure the drug works for many people but please pay close attention to the side effects I described"
"I experienced &quot;poop out&quot; after being on Lexapro for 7 years.  I was prescribed 150 mg of Welbutren, which was upped to 300mg.  The Lexapro kicked in after a few weeks, and worked like a charm.  After one year, my anxiety and depression returned progressively getting worse over a period of three months.  Finally realized my insurance switched me to the generic escitalopram. I had been taking it for three months without realizing it! Requested to switch back to Lexapro, however, Tricare insurance would not cover it so had to pay almost 178 per month for brand name.  That was two years ago.  Now pay 294 per month. Tricare still will not pay.  Considering buying from Canada."
"I&#039;ve been taking CONTRAVE about 2 months or so&hellip;and have had great success with it. It will make you nauseous at times; but it was pretty rare. For the most part, I just didn&#039;t care to eat (which was amazing&hellip;as I&#039;m down 28 or so pounds!)

I did a couple of things right; knowing that it could make me nauseous, I didn&#039;t stop eating pretty regularly for the first 5 or 6 days (and that helped my stomach handle it). But I&#039;ve never been able to just forget to eat. Ever.

In the 8 weeks, I threw up 4 times&hellip;which is the only thing I can see that could be dicey if I&#039;m in a situation where I can&#039;t run to a restroom. But other than that being able to lose that much weight (that I&#039;ve never been able to get rid of in 20 years) was amazing. Miracle!"
"Awesome care for my child"
"Please folks do not use Nasocort nasal spray. Long term use caused me to develop cataract in both my eyes - I&#039;m only 39 yrs old. My eye doctor has reported an increase in cataracts in younger patients from these terrible chemicals. Please think twice before using!!"
"I have had severe panic attacks since high school. I can not be in or on anything that moves. I have been on 4mg Klonopin a day for almost a year and I still have 2-3 panic attacks a day plus it has made me extremely irritable, agitated, angry, aggressive and depressed. I have been on every benzodiazepine, tricyclic, SNRI&#039;s and most SSRI&#039;s, always in combination 2 or 3 at the same time. Some worked for a short time, some not at all. The best combination was Xanax, Zoloft and Imipramine for five years then it quit working. I&#039;ve even tried cognitive behavioral therapy with no luck. The only thing I&#039;ve not tried is Paxil and Prozac. I have a doctor&#039;s appointment next month to discuss other medicines. Maybe I need a new doctor."
"I have had 0 panic attacks all my life until last Oct when I got my 1st one which I called 911. 2 days later I had another one in which I was taken to the ER and given Ativan they said due to panic attack/anxiety.  Scared me both times felt like I was dying. The nurse said she took Lexapro so I asked my doc to let me try that one first since the nurse had great luck, but I didn&#039;t like it! My coworker told me she takes Prozac so I switched meds to try it and WOW, not anxious like I want to pass out at the grocery store or in the middle of a packed restaurant! I have been taking 20mg and my doc said since I had such success he wants me on 40mg. This medication Prozac has let me live life again and not feel like I&#039;m going to pass out in public."
"OMG drysol is perfect. I&#039;ve been dealing with sweat problems since 7th grade, it&#039;s so embarrassing to raise my arm. It&#039;s very discomforting when my armpits are wet but now with drysol I feel so much better I am so happy ... Only thing I&#039;m a little mad about though is WHY DIDNT I FIND THIS SOONER!! Lol ..it&#039;s perfect ."
"I had been on Effexor for five years and had noticed a decrease in helping me with my depression so my Dr switched me over to Cymbalta ... I did not get harsh side effects aside from a little jitters at the beginning but it soon settled. I must say I have been on it three months and I have been waiting for my anxiety to subside ... Cymbalta no help there at all. Pain I have Ankelosing Spondolosis ... curved spine and pinched nerves (severe sciatica ) no help there either. Maybe my case is just a little more than 60 mg a day can handle ... but honestly I&#039;m ready to go back to effexor, vicodin and alprazolam. At least they worked. If anyone has advice please drop a line."
"Took about a week to get over the side effects - still get some morning grogginess, but a strong coffee and ten minutes of mindful meditation or exercise sorts that out completely. Unlike others who have left reviews I&#039;m only on 15mg - but the effect has still been amazing. I&#039;ve had problems with depression and anxiety since I was 16 and had tried a couple of SSRI&#039;s that didn&#039;t help. Prior to taking it I had been having issues with sleep, trying to adjust without an alcohol and cannabis dependency. Mirtazapine certainly helped with sleep, though it still took a while to nod off, when I did I would sleep for hours and better than I have in years. By sorting out my sleep, managing my depression became a possibility - it&#039;s changed my life."
"I&#039;ve suffered from migraines almost all my life, first one (which I don&#039;t personally remember) was when I was five. My migraines can come a few days a week or as long as six months from each other so I prefer not to be on a every day medication. Having tried different types of medication, I am happy now that I have found something that really does help.I have probably been taking maxalt about 10 years now and have no desire to take anything else."
"A GOD SEND! My pain was down, I had more energy by the time I was on 50mg. Unfortunately, I could not afford the medication and I didn&#039;t receive coupons. I had no side effects what so ever! I even lost 7 pounds, probably because I just felt like I could move more freely and without as much pain as I had before taking Savella. My insurance covered 1 month prescription only. It was great while it lasted!!!"
"I am 52 and have smoked since I was 16. I gave up with patches 7 years ago for 3 years .. Then started again
I have tried patches again, and Hypnosis, but nothing worked so I tried champix, a couple of people at work had tried and failed with it last year but one lady I know tried it 4 years ago and is still not smoking ,
I have taken 14 tablets now and not smoked for 3 days which is amazing for me!
But the side effects have been ( and have now stopped) horrible. I spent all weekend in bed under the quilt feeling sick , giddy and spaced out, I have been constipated for two weeks ( ok now) head aches . Tired can&#039;t drink wine or coffee! ( not realy a bad thing!)but I am loving the dreams !
its working so it&#039;s worth it!"
"Throughout puberty I had always had mild blemishes. Usually nothing too serious, occasinally cysts around the time of my menstural cycle. However, I&#039;ve always been very self conscious about my skin and I wanted a fix once and for all. I visited the dermatologist and was prescribes topical medications but they didn&#039;t really do anything for the hormonal cysts. So finally I went on gianvi and I am so glad I did. There was an inital breakout and it was terrible but after 4 or 5 months there was evidently a drastic change. I no longer get any blemishes or cysts of any sorts. I am a bit more emotional than I previously was but the clarity and overrall radiance of my skin is definitely worth it."
"I started taking Effexor XR 3 1/2 years ago while in an eating disorder treatment center. I struggled for years with major depression and took several different anti-depressants that never helped. Even after being in a treatment center for 3 months I could barely deal with my emotional issues because I was so  weighed down by the depression. They finally sent me to a new doctor who knew Effexor would be different for me. He started me off on a week of 75mg/day then the next week he upped it to 150mg and the next week he ended it at 225mg. It was like a huge dark blob was lifted off of me! I felt clear-headed, stronger and happy. I never thought I could feel that way again.
I still take the 225mg dosage and have no plans of quitting."
"I have taken Nora Be 0.35 for 3 months.  I have experienced heart palpitations and heart fluttering in my stomach.  This seems to occur in the morning and evenings.  My periods start on my second week of each new pack.  I have had headaches behind my eyes and some weight gain.  I plan to discontinue this medication to see if my symptoms go away.  I&#039;m 47 and seeking a better form of birth control."
"I was taking this medication for over two years had to stop it because my memory is terrible. Places I have been going for over ten years I forgot where they were and how to get there. This medicine has messed up my life, even after I stopped it my memory still hasn&#039;t returned. I deal with this everyday and it scares me so bad. I have to write things down everyday in order to remember. It did help with my headaches a little but if I had read up on this medication before I started I can promise you I would not have taken it."
"I feel like there is a lot of misinformation and bad reviews of all IUDs on the internet so I wanted to share a more positive experience. I&#039;m currently 22 and switched over from taking birth control pills to Skyla about a month ago. When I got the IUD it was slightly painful for about 2 seconds when they insert it-- then it&#039;s over. People talking about how excruciating it is truly blows my mind. Maybe I have a higher pain tolerance than others, but honestly even if it was horrible pain it&#039;s over in 2 seconds, you can withstand anything for that short of a time. For the rest of that day I decided to take off work and just rested with a heating pad. I spotted for a few weeks, but now I don&#039;t even know it&#039;s there!"
"I had unprotected intercourse twice within the range of the 72 hours. I asked a friend of mine who has used Plan B and the morning after I purchased Plan B for $41.80 (price is after taxes). Came home, took them, felt fine. No side effects. I was supposed to get my period 3 days later but I didn&#039;t. I got minor cramps here and there but nothing too severe. Now exactly a week after I took them I got my period (5 days late). This pill works but I never ever get severe period cramps. My period cramps this time are very severe and painful to the point where I can barely move. This has never happened to me before and I hope it lightens up in the next couple of days."
"Just for you people who do not believe this works or is having second thoughts. I have taken this pill twice. One was back in April and one was last month. The pill worked both times. The first time I took it, My body reacted by having me bleed for about a week before my period and my period was regular. The second time there was no blood and I got my period 2 days earlier than usual. This pill has helped me a lot and now I&#039;m now about to buy another pill and so hopefully it works again ! Wish me luck !"
"I tried it for anxiety and aggresive behavior.  With in a few minutes of taking the first dosage I became catonic.  Tried again two more times and each time the same thing;  Dr. changed my medication after that and said that happens in a very few patients on Buspar."
"I recently posted a review on this pill 3 months ago when I fist started and thought it was great. I WAS WRONG! I had to update because I could not in good conscience let anyone think this pill is anything but terrible. My fist month went great, no side effects at all. The second month I noticed my stomach was not right. Turns out this pill destroys the good bacteria in your gut. Probiotics are a must! I noticed I started to gain a little weight and developed slight eczema on my face which still comes and goes 2 months later. Beware taking this pill."
"MAKE SURE YOUR DOCTOR  TITRATES THE DRUG AND DOES NOT START YOU  ON A HIGH DOSE. 

The 1 grade should be for my Dr. Not the medication. I am a female about 105lbs. My Dr. started me on 800mg without titration for possible seizures. After 2 days I was so sick and dizzy and my head / ears were
was buzzing like crazy.  I had non stop vomiting, ringing in my ears and severe  indescribable dizziness. I ended up going to the ER.  I am  sticking to lamictal and found a new Doctor."
"Just got Paragard inserted this morning at 0800MST. I&#039;m a 27 year old female with 1 son (one and done).My personal experience was fast and pain free. I did take the 800mg of ibuprofen as directed, it was done by a certified midwife, she was very thorough during the process and she let me know everything she was doing. Upon having the iud inserted and placed, there was very minimal cramping. I&#039;ve had periods with worse cramping, for sure. The only other slightly uncomfortable young was the speculum to hold you open but that&#039;s it. This procedure was nothing. I can&#039;t wait to track my progress being that this thing will be a part of me for the next 10 years."
"I took this pill on Friday it is now Sunday and I&#039;m still having all symptoms. It has not done anything for me. I have another refill for it I will get today and if it does not help I will be going back to get something else. This is my first yeast infection and they are nasty little demons."
"Have been on Azathioprine for about 4 years after asacol quit working. Started with 4 pills per day for first month then cut back to 2 pills which have worked fine, but I now have been experiencing bruising on my hands mostly. Will cut back to 1 pill per day until my next blood-work."
"Couldn&#039;t walk  had trouble breathing. No appetite felt worse than before I started taking it"
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for a few months.  Prescribed by neurologist for my chronic migraines.  I tapered on slowly and now take 50mg am and pm.  I usually got at least a few migraines a month..with aura.  I&#039;ve had them my whole life.  Some worse than others, some so bad I could&#039;ve gone to the hospital.  Since I&#039;ve been on the meds I have not had one migraine with aura.  Just a few headaches could maybe be considered very mild migraines.  A huge improvement.  I&#039;ve also lost 25lbs.  I have noticed I&#039;ve been a little forgetful and have had some brain farts at work.  The medication has given me really bad acid reflux that I&#039;m still struggling with and it&#039;s apparently pretty rare.  Otherwise it&#039;s been ok for me."
"I was prescribed this medicine to address high triglyceride and low HDL levels.  In eight months of using fenofibrate and adjusting my diet, my total cholesterol went down 30%, my LDL went from 106 to 80, HDL went from 33 to 44, and my triglyceride numbers plummeted over 75% from 300 to 70.

The side effect I experienced was a weight gain of 10 pounds within the first month and it stayed at that level for the eight month period.  I did not experience any other side effect.

Cost of medication with insurance is $15 a month."
"I was depressed and in bed for 4 years until I was diagnosed with bi polar. I am now 2 months with Tegretol, out of bed and am enjoying life like never before. It has been a miracle for me."
"This really works.  But use the head of a pin to apply it.  That will keep it off your healthy skin.  Use a hair dryer to dry the medicine.  It will burn healthy skin, but if you are careful it will be fine.  Warts fell off in 4 days."
"I remember when I had my son I developed an infection, and was in so much pain. I went to the hospital, I sat there for 3 hours until I got called back. Then they finally hooked me to IV and shot me with dilaudid I felt fine after that"
"I had my Nexplanon placed in Sept 2015, 6 weeks after having my daughter. I was told it was effective and it wouldn&#039;t effect my milk supply. They were right. My milk supply was strong for 10 months until I stopped due to my busy schedule. I felt fine until my mild supply dried up. I have spent the last 2 months trying to figure out why I feel so angry at the drop of a hat and why being around people makes me anxious. I have no sex drive and I have vaginal dryness which makes sex painful. It has been effective in pregnancy prevention, but so is abstinence. I can&#039;t even remember the last time I was romantic with my husband. I have an appointment soon to have it removed and hopefully I will feel normal again. Convienence is not everything."
"Had dental work done and my dentist had me on these. I had to take 2 at a time just to take the edge off, was not happy. Had to add other types of medicines for relief. "
"I am a 21 year old female and cannot express how happy I am to have used Accutane! I have recommended it to so many people and would say it is totally worth it. I was on it for 7 months with monthly visits to the doctor for blood work and labs and follow ups that are required but every monthly visit was totally worth it, I have clear skin and it even shrunk my pores and I don&#039;t have oily skin anymore. This has given me so much confidence. The side effects sound scary but I only noticed dry lips from the decrease in oil production and dry scalp for the first couple days. Your body adjusts. If you are thinking about this, do it. You won&#039;t regret it."
"I was prescribed this medication for my headaches from a possible concussion, or pinched nerve in my head. In just 4 days I lost 6 pounds or so, and have had all the symptoms: memory loss, confusion even to every day things (like why am I picking this coffee cup, or how do I cook this again?) blurred vision, and the crazy menopausal-emotional-roller coaster #understatement. Except drowsiness, and to some others here, severe depression. My possible concussion (whatever may be) keeps me wide awake, and what I like to call &quot;wired&quot; I was hoping for the drowsy effect, but it what it is. If you are paranoid, relax, its the drug, or just call your doctor for clarification. It seems, less active you are, the less side effects occur, at least for me"
"I had been on at least 5 different SSRIs with no good effect. Abilify with Lamictal made a huge difference."
"This product is so bizarre and dangerous, I stopped using it after two months of it doing nothing but dry out my face to the point where it was constantly peeling and actually made my acne worse. Still looking for a treatment, but I will never go back to using synthetic products like this. The chemicals burned my face sometimes when I applied it, and ultimately the cystic acne that it healed came back even with continued use. If you&#039;re looking for a treatment, try natural methods first. I don&#039;t recommend this product; it&#039;s what my dermatologist gave me because she gives that to everyone who walks in with acne. It&#039;s not for everyone."
"I have been on this drug for 2 years for abnormal bleeding. I had the oblation procedure in June of 08 and started bleeding again. My doctor prescribed Norethindrone again but it has not worked. I give it a 3 because when I started taking the medication two years ago, it worked."
"I just started Daytrana 30mg after being on another generic versin of methylphenidate 10mg 3 times a day and all I can say is Daytrana is the best.  I do not get the ups and downs with the pill form. Instant Release Ritalin and I also like how I do not have to keep taking pills all day long.  Daytrana is so much smoother. I was amazed at how it kept a steady supply of methylphenidate in my system.  I also believe since it slowly releases I do not feel jittery and I actually had a great appetite. The only thing I would still change is I would make the part that you peel off hard. Since it&#039;s flexible it takes a little of work to peel the back off. I can deal with it though since it the best ADD medicine I have found out there. "
"I have been on this medication for almost 2 months and am ready to stop! I have had 3 periods since October 13th along with pain in my legs while walking and even laying down! The worst part is I am flipping out over every little thing, been fighting with my boyfriend since starting this pill because my emotions are way out of control.  I am calling Dr tomorrow to find another option"
"Helpful!"
"I was positive for H Pylori. I was nervous to start this 14 day therapy of medicines, but I toughened up and went for it. I am on my second day of Prevpac. I have some symptoms. The first day I took it about 2 hours after I felt tried, along with the metallic taste in mouth. I ate right after I took it and drank plenty of water. The taste went away fairly quickly in morning however in the evening I got the same symptoms but the metallic taste was worse. I just kept drinking water. This morning I woke up with loose stools.  Also for some reason I have been having increased appetite. I guess its a good thing considering I haven&#039;t been eating. I am 27 year old. I will keep you updated."
"There&#039;s no generic for this medication and it is quite expensive, but definitely worth the money. My husband had a post-nasal drip cough that just wouldn&#039;t go away, and it kept both of us up at night. He took a teaspoon of this and we both slept through the night, he didn&#039;t cough once. Felt great in the morning too, no drowsiness. Great stuff."
"I had the Skyla put in four months ago. My OB said it went in perfectly shook my hand and left the room. The nurse who was in the room noticed all the color drained from my face. Immediately I felt nauseous, dizzy, and had to have the nurses walk me to the bathroom where I got diarrhea. I was so sick my mother had to come get me. The doctor asked me if I wanted him to take it out. At that point I didn&#039;t want him to touch me again. Getting home the cramping had me doubled over in pain. After a month my OB looked at it. Said it was fine. The cramping continued randomly. I had pain and pressure in my Vagina. After 4 months I got it taken out and immediately the cramping went away."
"I started taking Lutera in August of 2016. I am 19 years old. My periods have become so much less of a hassle! My previously debilitating back and stomach cramps have become significantly less painful. My flow is also much lighter and tapers off much quicker. My cycle is very regular now. As far as sex drive goes, I&#039;m not sure what everyone is saying about loss, because if anything I&#039;ve gained. I can&#039;t help myself (which obviously my boyfriend is totally okay with). I&#039;m also not experiencing any problems with lack of natural lubrication. Though, both my sex drive and lubrication situation could be due to my age compared to other ladies on this page! I&#039;ve also gained 0 lbs. while on Lutera!!"
"Only been on it for about a month but so far it&#039;s really helped. Had me on Paxil as well at first and I hated how I felt on that - lots of headaches and sweating. Doing much better on the Buspar alone."
"Lamictal has been a life saver for me. I gained 20 lbs on Abilify. I experienced horrible side effects from Geodon--I thought my legs would run away from me.  I cried all day on Wellbutrin.  Nothing seemed to work.  After slowly increasing the dosage on Lamictal, I started feeling better.  I got out of bed.  After about 2 months, I&#039;m back to normal, no tears, sleeping only 8 or 9 hours instead of 12, going to yoga 5 times a week instead of watching Law and Order SVU reruns.  I&#039;m back to &quot;normal&quot; whatever that means.  I am also on Topamax and Pristiq.  Great cocktail for me."
"I was prescribed amox/clav 875 for strep throat. After being on the medicine for 24hours my sore throat was completely gone. I felt so much better immediately, but of course finishing the course with strep is very important, so I continued. The first few days extreme fatigue, to the point of sleeping hours! Day 5 or so, I had night terrors for two nights in a row. The last couple days on it have been ok, still very fatigue and happy I&#039;m done with the medicine. Point is, it is great for strep treatment in my experience but the side effects can be harsh!!"
"I really don&#039;t understand all the negative reviews for this medicine. I&#039;ve been on it for three solid days now and have had absolutely no issues. I&#039;m taking 500 mg, one pill twice a day. I&#039;ve been taking it after lunch and dinner and haven&#039;t had any issues with diarrhea, nausea, or dizziness. As for people complaining about the taste of the pill, how are you even able to know what it tastes like? It should be in your mouth for less than a second, just swallow it down with a glass of water or some orange juice."
"I&#039;m 20, and my anxiety is at an all time high. Racing thoughts, constant worry, can&#039;t drive on the highway, or drive at night because I&#039;ll have a panic attack. So I just had to go to the doctors to get back on citalopram. I was desperate, so they started me off on 20mg. I&#039;m on my 2nd day of taking the drug, and it&#039;s terrible. I threw up this morning after a very restless and nauseated night of sleep. I read the side effects, and that was considered &quot;medical help&quot; kind of thing. So I called doctors office and they told me to cut it in half and let them know on Monday. Day 2: took half a pill and just don&#039;t feel myself.  Restless, nauseous, dry mouth, etc. I plan to keep going with this. Hopefully it outweighs the terrible anxiety. Advice?"
"Suffered heart attack 12 years ago, then 2 weeks ago suffered severe angina, got scared went to the ER, they ran tests and told me my arteries were severely clogged, need stents put in me, had the stents put in, they put me on Plavix told me I would be on it for life. Well it&#039;s been 3 weeks now on the Plavix, love it, so far no side effects."
"This medication has helped me a lot it keeps me calm and it&#039;s fast acting just take them as prescribed!"
"This stuff is like an OTC version of Benadryl (it&#039;s an anti-histamine).  It has been helping me ween off of the Klonopin I&#039;ve been taking to help me sleep for the last 2 years.  This stuff takes almost an hour to kick in, but when it does, it almost always kills my anxiety at times when benzos didn&#039;t.  If you&#039;re gonna take it for sleep, take it at least an hour before you plan on going to bed and make sure you have 8 to 9 hours to sleep because it will knock you out.  Grogginess is it&#039;s biggest negative, along with tolerance building up fast, so I try to take every other day if I can, though it&#039;s non-addictive and safe to take regularly at least far safer than a benzo."
"I experience insomnia in that my mind often does not &quot;turn off,&quot; I tend to keep thinking once I lay down in bed. Over the counter sleep aids have been ineffective and leave me drowsy the day after. Ambien turns off my mind and I sleep well. Sometimes I wake up in about 5 to 6 hours, if I need a bit more sleep then I take a half pill (5 mg) for the remaining two extra hours of sleep that I need to feel well rested. I have had no side effects."
"I first started taking Aviane in 2005 when Alesse was no longer offered. I loved it then and I love it now. I have no complaints about it. I recently started taking it again two months ago and it works the same. Little side effects. What I love best is I have not gained any weight as I have before on other pills. So before you listen to anyone else do your research and try it out for yourself. Hope this helps someone."
"Every two years I get Prostatitis, Bactrim works all the time"
"Okay, here is the thing with Klonopin. It&#039;s a drug that works perfectly. There is literally no way to be anxious on a high enough dose, and benzos will be your saving grace if you are suffering from several panic attacks a day or even if you&#039;re catatonic. It&#039;s also got a pretty good record for being safe, far as I know.

Here&#039;s the bad part. Any drug that works too well, that allows you to feel too good on it, runs a high risk of dependency. Not only that, withdrawal from this drug is miserable and painful if not done currently and under supervision. You&#039;ll be told this is &quot;not abusable as Xanax&quot; because Xanax is common among recreational drug users. That&#039;s a fallacy. Klonopin is very easy to double up on and abuse. Do not mix with alcohol."
"I&#039;ve always been hesitant to use acne medication in the morning because I felt like it would do nothing for me. Also I have to wear makeup before I leave the house so the only thing I usually have underneath my foundation is a moisturizer. I&#039;ve added Acanya to my regime for the past week or so and my face has improved almost instantly. My pores look smaller and I haven&#039;t gotten any new bumps and the ones I already have are going away. I say stick to this product even if you don&#039;t see improvements at first! Hopefully I&#039;ll see more improvements"
"My body was not taking in this drug. I&#039;ve threw up multiple times and is making me so so so nauseas . So nauseas that I cant even get up from bed. It makes me feel so miserable !!!"
"After having unwanted side affects with two other statins, my PCP suggested trying Crestor.  This was about 6 years ago.  Since then, as he states it, I could be the poster boy for Crestor.  At only a 5mg/day dosage my cholesterol level has dropped from ~290 to consistently below 200 with no side affects.  My only concern is there is no generic alternative and it is VERY expensive when the insurance companies declare that it&#039;s not in their formulary of preventive medications.  I&#039;ve been lucky that my PCP has been able to convince the ins co that I can&#039;t tolerate an alternative, so have not had to pay for the medication for the past several years (treated as preventative).  That&#039;s changing now that I&#039;m retired and have to go to new insurance"
"I have been using phentermine since May 19 2009, weighing 265lbs and on June 28, 2009 I weighed 246lbs and counting. I am doing this with little to no exercise. I hope to lose a total of 100lbs."
"hmm .. definitely not getting pregnant if you are biting people&#039;s heads off when they ask you simple questions 

nexplanon caused unusual side effects 

loved it at first but then developed feminine dryness and even pain during vaginal insertion 

i have been on nexplanon for just under a year 

it releases on its own 

it&#039;s not a &quot;smart&quot; drug that aligns with your body"
"I am a 26 yr old male and have been smoking for 10 yrs. I was up to smoking 1 1/2-2 packs a day. I finally got the urge to quit and asked my doctor about Chantix. I&#039;ve been taking it about for a month now. All I can say is that it is truly a miracle pill. I was a bit optimistic at first as I have tried the gum and patch and that didn&#039;t work. In the beginning of taking Chantix I started noticing that my urges to smoke were steadily decreasing. By the end of week two I have not had one desire to smoke. I even tried smoking a cigarette in the end of week three and that did not go very well. It tasted absolutely disgusting. I immediately turned it out and haven&#039;t looked back. "
"I have used this drug for 20 yrs. Cannot take other Nsaids because they cause stomach pain. But for some reason ibuprofen I can take with no problem at all. And it works on all my joint pain."
"Pros: My breakouts are almost completely gone.  The breakouts I do get are usually because it&#039;s &quot;that time of the month&quot;.  Pimples usually disappear after 1-3 days and are much smaller.  No more painful cystic acne.
Cons: The first month sucks.  Dry scaly skin (especially around the eyes).  Skin was red and blotchy and makeup just made it hurt worse. You just have to keep pushing through and accept your face will be ugly for 1-3 months.
Night routine: Wash face with plain water (cleansers just made my skin irritation worse) and a clean wash cloth. Apply a pea size amount to whole face (spread thin over everywhere but my cheeks since I didn&#039;t have acne there and they were just getting dried out). Make sure to moisturize &amp; never skip a night."
"Xanax helps me cope with life. I live a pore life it gives me the nerve to do things I wouldn&#039;t do."
"Well the first 2 months on Microgestin Fe 1/20 my period didn&#039;t regulate until the third month. I started the 4th month pack &amp; got my period a week before &amp; it&#039;s a super light flow. I called my doctor &amp; they prescribed me a higher dosage 1.5/30 and they said for sure my period should cut off &amp; regulate. But I didn&#039;t have any side effects or weight gain or bad acne. I&#039;m going to finish this first pack if I don&#039;t like it then I&#039;ll switch to Aviane."
"Travatan effective in controlling glaucoma.   Travantan no longer available.  Travatan-Z&#039;s additives were extremely uncomfortable.  Used Travatan from 2003 until around 2009-2010. "
"I&#039;m a 66-yr old female who started phentermine in August.  I lost 12lbs the first month, 6lbs the next month, then 4lbs, and this month only 1lb! Just read all the blogs &amp; I&#039;m going to stop the medicine for 3-4 days then start again.  At my last Dr. visit he upped my dosage to 2 tabs/day.  According to the blogs, I&#039;m taking the tab at the right times of the day and in the right way.  I have an extremely active job and am on my feet 5-1/2 hr non-stop 5 days/week; however, am getting ready to start traveling with my husband in our RV so plan to start exercising by joining Curves/walking.  I&#039;m thrilled with the way my appetite has decreased, don&#039;t think so much about food, and only eat fruits and veggies with regular meal at night.  Constipation is awful."
"Here is a outline of my experience using Suprep
- The day before using Suprep, I ate a little lighter than normal
- The day that on which I will take Suprep
   1. Clear liquid diet all day. Clear liquid can be water, dark cola, tea (no milk) , gatorade or jello (yellow or green ok)
   2. at 5pm, drank first dose of 6 oz suprep that was mixed with 4 oz of water. Within a hour, drank 32 oz of water. BM occurred with 30 mins and more BM&#039;s. BM were like pee&#039;ing from the anus (this is what should happen)
   3. at 10:30 pm, drank second dose of 6 oz suprep mixed with 4 oz of water. Within a hour drank 32 oz of water. More BM&#039;s occurred until I went to sleep around 12 am. Few more BM&#039;s throught the night. 
   4. Woke up around 5:30am , more BM"
"I have been on this birth control for 8 years and had no problems at all. It was great. I recently was put on a body acne medication that lowered the effectiveness of this brand so because of that reason I am switching to Zovia I hope it&#039;s as good."
"I have been on Lo for over 7 years now and love it!! I went thru 3 other BCs with horrid side effects and then found this! I have never experienced any negative side effects and have not had an unwanted pregnancy so I suggest it!"
"I have been using it for more than 10 years now. Began with 1mg and now on 12mg.  They are still working."
"For 3 years I aim taking this medicine and the results of the bone scan showed a worsening of the situation. I have problems with my stomac, so it&#039;s the best to look for an other solution."
"After working with a therapist for 4 months to overcome my panic disorder and obsessional thoughts, I realized I needed some extra help.  I began to take Zoloft, first at 25 mg to ease into the symptoms, and later increased to 50.  I began to notice relief from symptoms after about 2 weeks of taking the medication.  I still have bothersome thoughts that circle in and out through my mind during the day, but the nausea and the heart pounding that comes with the thoughts does not happen anymore. I am able to recognize my symptoms as those of panic disorder and can move forward feeling positive.  The only side effects I experienced were headache and nausea the first few days. I am going to continue therapy and hopefully one day overcome this."
"I had hep c for 27 yrs . Started harvoni june 3. It was for 8 weeks . Got my results of second blood draw today it is still non detectable.  Thank God and harvoni. I had no side effects. Those of you taking treatment hang in there it is worth it. Get my last blood draw in january"
"Citalopram changed my life. I started taking the drug 10 years ago, and I&#039;ve been on 20-40mg on and off since then. I&#039;m currently 24 years old, I started having intense panic attacks and anxiety when I was 14. Every other SSRI drug that I&#039;ve tried has given me that zombie-feeling or bad headaches, but on Citalopram I feel like myself. I am currently taking 20mg. There have been times in my life where I&#039;ve had to up the dose to 40mg, and times where I&#039;ve weaned off the drug, but typically 20mg is where I need to be. I have no side effects on Citalopram, and if I do then I don&#039;t even notice them. I&#039;m so thankful for this drug and the difference it has made in my life."
"Amazing worked within 3 weeks of taking it"
"This drug did what it was supposed to do in preventing an infection in a puncture wound in my foot.
However on the 9th day of taking this drug I had an allergic reaction. Dose was 300MG 4 x&#039;s per day for 10 days. 
Hives broke out from my chest down to my upper thighs. My doctor told me to take Zyrtec or Claritin and should clear up the rash/hives in 2-3 days. "
"I have been using Drixoral since it was prescription only, it works. What do we do now?"
"I have been on Linzess 290 for 5 months now. It is a miracle pill. I take it first thing when I get up in the morning and wait to eat until after I get to the office. It seems that as soon as food or drink goes in, yesterday&#039;s junk comes out. If you know you are not going to be near a restroom (i.e. going to the beach, park, etc.) then skip the pill that day. I&#039;m sure that&#039;s not recommended but it gives you some control over your body at least. Everything goes back to normal when you take the pill again the next day."
"I was really excited about getting back on birth control, as I have had negative experiences with the pill. After less than 24 hours, I could tell a huge change in the way I felt, overall. I had a pounding headache, I felt like I had not slept in three days, and I wanted to eat everything in sight. I tried to stick it out, but after a week, I gave up and decided to take it out. All of the symptoms vanished within 2-3 days."
"Great medicine. NO side effects."
"I have had fatigue, headache, insomnia, and the nausea. It is still much better than the interferon, and riba  meds. My dr had hoped it would work, and am now hep c free. His words, the only thing I am trying to do is to keep your liver from having cancer. He prescribed 6 months of Harvoni. My liver is eat up with cirrhosis, and will always have trouble with that. That will never go away, but now I at least have a fighting chance of it not getting any worse."
"I was put on this after I had my 2nd son 3yrs ago and this pill started off great. The 1st 8 months were totally fine with this pill, it even stopped my periods which at 1st made me stressed but then I got used to it. As soon as the 8th months went by the bad side effects kicked in. I put on 20lbs, started breaking out, moods swings and PMDD were in full force. I started getting weekly migraines that literally made me bedridden. "
"I had no choice in trying Aleve pm for the 1st time last night. Horrible! And I was really praying n hoping for the best. At night its very difficult for me to get to sleep.  Advil PM had always worked great but the store around my way is out of stock. I had to purchase something to get me through the night and aleave pm was my only other choice.  Unfortunately, I woke up twice. I took 3 the First time,  then four more 5 hour&#039;s later.  Both times it took me about 3 hours to doze off.  I just went back to sleep at 2am and been up since 7am. I really wish I could return these pills.  They are horrible! Seriously"
"I have hurt with migraines since I was 3years old. I am now 46 and have been diagnosed with familial hemeplegic migraines! Most people suffer with this condition and don&#039;t even know it! DEMEROL seems to be the only thing that actually helps to ease my pain and allows me to function even though it does make me drowsy. But the migraine goes, no pain."
"Mid life generalized anxiety disorder. Prescribed Lexapro 5  weeks ago and it&#039;s finally working.
I feel normal for the 1st time in years. 4  weeks of anxiety and flat emotions. But the flat feeling is normal, not the excessive swings in feelings and mood that often cause great anxiety. Things don&#039;t bother me so much now, and the racing thoughts don&#039;t cause much problem. Just stop them or write them down and don&#039;t feel overwhelmed by things to do.
Lexapro is a real life saver, just wish I&#039;d been able to try it several years ago, the BiPolar misdiagnosis really caused problems.
Anyone thinking about giving up this medicine during the 1st few weeks, stick it out, I did and it&#039;s a miracle!"
"Been taking viibryd for 2 years now.  Was only on 10mg first few weeks nausea and loose frequent stools each week thethe symptoms lessen and I could feel the benefits.  I was happy and relaxed, no decrease in sex drive and didn&#039;t have any of the side effects that I could notice (chronic back pain,  gi issues, and difficulty sleeping my whole life). My doctor gives me samples and coupons when he can but it is extremely expensive."
"I use Claritin D for my seasonal allergies. I started again this May, after taking it for a week I have noticed my heartbeats faster than normal (100&#039;s now from 60&#039;s) and my blood pressure went up from 110&#039;s systolic and 70&#039;s diastolic to 140&#039;s/90&#039;s with headaches. So, I was thinking what&#039;s going on with me, I started salad and no salt diet for a week now (lost 5 pounds and feels good), increased my cardio to 45-60mins 4 times a week, cut sodium intake but my Blood Pressure stays high. I started reading about Claritin D and BOOM. This is what is causing my blood pressure to rise up! Today, I stopped using it. Sticking to the plain Zyrtec."
"After being diagnosed with depression and generalized anxiety disorder, my doctor prescribed me Lexapro. I was very skeptical.  I finally took it after having a few days with me debating whether or not to take it. It made me feel a lot better. I&#039;m only a few days into it but I can feel a difference. I&#039;m a little dizzy and find myself yawning when I first take my dose of 10mg, but that usually goes away. I also had to use the restroom several times, but overall not a lot of side effects. I&#039;m surprised and pleased so far and I&#039;m sure I&#039;ll have to up my dose in a few months."
"I just started this birth control Feb.1,2017. I just got home from the hospital because I was diagnosed with PE in my lung. I&#039;m not sure if this pill has anything to do with it but I have had nothing but issues with this pill"
"I really like Ortho Tri-Cyclen. I experienced minimal side effects and it has helped keep my skin clear! After the first pack I had hardly any acne. In terms of my sex drive it has stayed the same. I&#039;ve always had a really high sex drive so I&#039;m glad it didn&#039;t affect it! I really like this birth control pill and would recommend it to anyone who suffers from mild/moderate acne."
"It works. 
I had unprotected sex.. No condom no birth control nothing at all (the guy said he would pull out).. And according to my period calendar I was suppose to ovulate in 3 days! I was incredibly worried because I am leaving for college in a month and having a baby right now  would ruin all my plans. I took plan b less than 12 hours later after having sex and I will say this it&#039;s worth all the side effects if it means not getting pregnant! I got my period a little over a week early (menstral changes are a side effect) Please do not worry I was on this website too looking at all the reviews getting anxious thinking that I would be the 5% the pill wouldn&#039;t work on but it does the best thing to do is relax and wait."
"It works very well for me. I was on methadone for 13 years and then went to Suboxone. It&#039;s so much better for my body than Methadone. "
"Firazyr stopped the swelling from HAE and also reduced the swelling within about 45 minutes.  The sooner you treat with Firazyr, at the onset of symptoms, the better the result."
"I have been on the pain patch, but it gave me such headaches. Been on hysingla for a few months at night I take it. I only sleep 4/5 hours a night. When it works it&#039;s amazing."
"This is my first month on Loestrin.  I was prescribed this medication for uterine fibroids and cysts. Before my bleeding was non stop for months. The first day I started this pill my bleeding stopped. I have had no spotting at all so far. I have however had terrible mood swings, anxiety and I feel like I may be depressed."
"I took this medication for three months, and it helped me so much. When I reordered it, I was told that since it was not a popular drug for M.S. they will no longer fill it for me or pay for it."
"I have been taking methotrexate for two weeks now. Before taking this, I had pain in my hips, knees, ankle and could not walk on the heel of one of my feet. The pain was really bad. I am now walking on my foot again with little pain and do not feel so fatigued and tired, I do feel tired and a bit dizzy for a few days after the medication but not too bad. I am only taking 3 a week at moment, and about to take four, then five and six. Hopefully I wont have to many side affects."
"This medicine is a waste of money. I pay $136.00 for 8 of these pills. I follow the directions, using them at bedtime. This is perfect since I don&#039;t generally get up during the night to use the bathroom. However, when I wake up in the morning the first thing I do is use the bathroom. Why is that ding dong pill in the toilet? I have tried pushing it further back into the vaginal and its still the same results. I am skeptical of meds that lie in place for hours on. It has not improved my condition at all but empty my purse. Not refilling the prescription. This morning I found after not seeing the pill when I first went to the bathroom, I thought well it is finally working. WRONG! 9:00 bathroom break, what do I see? That stupid pill."
"I didn&#039;t experience any side effects whatsoever. I&#039;ve been on Aviane For 3 months now, the only thing I noticed is my breasts and back got a little bigger. My face got so much smoother after about 3 weeks. I Love Aviane."
"I had been on at least 5 different SSRIs with no good effect. Abilify with Lamictal made a huge difference."
"I felt better during the day after about a week, but the side effects have been unpleasant. Mainly the lack of sleep. Since the first day I started I couldn&#039;t get a good quality night sleep. Only 2 weeks in and I&#039;m already feeling how I did before. Did the depression and anxiety go away? Yeah, for a short time. But it just gives me this fake happiness that I can&#039;t really describe.  Its like a lot of the sadness goes away, but so does many other good feelings. I may be because of the lack of sleep/appetite/sex drive, but all in all, hasn&#039;t really helped me."
"The medication didn&#039;t help me fall asleep, nor stay asleep longer than four hours...NOT worth the money!!"
"I had Implanon inserted in September of 2009.  So far, I have been very happy.  I had frequent periods (every 2-3 weeks for only a couple of days) for the first 3 months.  Since then I haven&#039;t had my period and not even symptoms of it.  That part has definitely been great.  I did feel it made me pretty moody for the first 2-3 months but has tapered off.  I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain as some have reported.  I have a pretty high activity level (running about 20 miles per week) and have been eating as I normally do.  The most major side effect I have is a decrease in sex drive which is a pretty big downside but considering I haven&#039;t experienced other side effects I rate this form of birth control highly."
"I had a terrible reaction to Cymbalta called Neuroleptic Malignant Syndrome.  Stiff muscles, couldn&#039;t stand let alone walk to the phone, couldn&#039;t feel my hands and feet, fever, blood pressure through the roof. After a family member found me on the floor drooling I was taken to the hospital in an ambulance.  I realize this is a rare side effect, but it does happen.  What&#039;s great for one person may not be great for the next."
"Started this birth control because I became sexually active and having bleeding irregularities. My gyno really pushed this for me because she says teens forget the pill and this is better for long term use since I am so young and don&#039;t want a kid any time soon. I agreed and understood that the first months would be very weird. I got it implanted April 2016. No symptoms for about two weeks, I have been bleeding now for 3 months. Less than a period (my periods were light and regular) but enough to wear panty liner everyday. I have lost 15 pounds and no mood swings, depression or increase in acne. Still in the beginning of process and am please but if bleeding does not stop within another month I am going back to see if the bleeding can stop."
"Today is day 84, my last day on Harvoni.  I had lab work done at 25 days, which came back detectable.  Then at day 74  labs again.  The last lab came back undetectable.  however my doctor wants me taking another 12 weeks due to having cryoglobulins.  the only side effect I&#039;ve felt was being more tired than i already was.  basically no side effects."
"medication did not stop muscle spasms"
"This is my third time using the depo, in between children. After reading comments I thought I&#039;d share. When  I have my first shot I bleed continuously with cramps and I suffer migraines for a couple of months but then after the second or third it stops altogether with occasional spotting. Now for me whose normal periods are extremely heavy for four days, with cramps, back ache and migraines lasting longer I know it&#039;s worth the two months of a normal bleed for however long I&#039;m on the depo for with just spotting. 
It&#039;s just a matter of waiting it out for the effects to start. I haven&#039;t had a migraine in over a month, I&#039;ve spotted once, I&#039;ve had no cramps for two. This time round I&#039;m just coming up to my fourth shot"
"I started contrave on 12/6/15 @ 191.2lbs as of today 12/4/15 i have lost 10.2 lbs, Im going to the Dr. today to get my refill.all the side effects went away after week 1"
"Doctor gave me Celebrex.I&#039;ve been taking it for a week.  It does nothing for my hip pain (bone on bone arthritis). I&#039;m going off it and back on Advil."
"I am a female taking spiromolactone. This medicine is awesome for women. MEN SHOULD NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION as it lowers their testosterone levels.  I take it to regulate the androgen side effects of my testosterone shots. It is awesome for women and just as awful for men. Do your research men."
"In my experience this drug made 0 impact at improving the herpes.  Additionally it causes non stop panic attacks and real negative feelings  I would not recommend this medication to anyone."
"I have been on this for one month. I have progressed up in dosage very quickly due to my lack of control over my depression. I started at 30 mg per day and since my doctor participates in clinical trials, he&#039;s aware of how far he can progress with this medication. I am now on 120mg per day, just after a month. It&#039;s given me more energy, less appetite, no weight gain. I feel like I can live my life and cope. I temporarily taking it with Klonopin, but hope to be just on Cymbalta soon."
"Although this product does work in preventing pregnancy, I have had a few issues with it. I have significantly gained weight in a short period of time (about 10lbs) and my sex drive is slim to none. My cramps are worse than they were when I was not on birth control. If I took the pill an hour or two later than normal I would spot and I was spotting all month long because of this. I also believe my hair is thinning.
You have to consider my age, I am 21. At this time as a woman my body is changing (metabolism, hormones). My timeline may be a cause to these problems. I have been taking this birth control since I was 15. As of a year ago I have been having the issues with sex drive and weight gain."
"I have been using Geodon for three and a half years.  It has been a very good medication for my mental health symptoms, and for that I am grateful.  I do have some side-effect issues, however.  I get something akin to restless leg syndrome that is especially bad at night when I am lying down, trying to fall asleep.  I have taken Mirapex for this and also Cogentin.  Both clear up 90% of my discomfort and the last ten percent is tolerable.  I have some facial contortions sometimes, like a feeling that I have to make a strange face to relieve tension in my facial muscles, but that is mostly tolerable also.  I do know that withdrawal from Geodon can be extremely uncomfortable so don&#039;t stop suddenly.  Never let yourself run out of medicine."
"I started taking this after I had a child at age 17, and first, the side effects were minimum for me but I got a lot of weird bumps all over my hands that looked like warts, and the doctor said that I either had to wait them out or stop the pill. After 3 months they finally went away.
  I took this for about a year. My husband and I have tried for the last 20 months to get pregnant, and it turns out now I&#039;m all of a sudden infertile. I&#039;ve already had one baby, so this was linked to Necon 1/35."
"I actually started Contrave on November 21, 2015 and lost a couple of pounds but gained back Christmas.  It took until Jan. 2 to work up to the full dose; then I really started to lose. Since Jan. 2 (today is Jan. 30)  I have lost a total of 18 pounds with Contrave, the Scale-Down program (weighing daily), low carb diet and 23 minutes on the  elliptical almost every day.   About mid-Jan I hit a plateau and hovered around the same weight for two weeks.   I start losing again by cutting back food portions and cutting some fat out of the Atkins approach.  I also doubled my elliptical workout to 46 minutes a day at least 5 days a week.  That got the weight loss going again.  I haven&#039;t had this kind of success since the old diet pill days."
"This is a wonderful medicine for anxiety it works within 20 mins and lasts for a long time because of its long half life. However if you are suffering from depression, especially clinical depression I would not recommend taking this. It will worsen your depression symptoms if taken too often. If you started an SSRI antidepressant it can be used early on to help with some side effects like increased anxiety in the first few weeks on the medication."
"I was diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes in February of this Year. I have been on Janumet 50/500 and it has saved my life
if I was to rate it I will give it a 10 ."
"This relieved my nausea fairly quickly and allowed me to sleep off the bug.  Only downside is it made me dizzy."
"I&#039;ve been on Linzess for a week. What a difference a week makes. Someone else said Zelnorm was the only thing that worked, for me also until now. I am so excited to actually feel like a NORMAL PERSON. Fingers crossed I am taking the low dose. My doctor gave me the higher dose and told me to try both. So far I haven&#039;t needed the higher dose. It took like 4 years or more to come up with another medicine to replace Zelnorm...so far this one is far better for me."
"Am on Benicar 40mg once a day. It works pretty good, although doctor had to add 25mg HCTZ to get my blood pressure to 120/70. Causes minimal dizziness, not aware of any other side effects. Prior medicines included lisinopril which worked better but caused me to cough all the time, and Toprol XL. One thing about Benicar - it sped up my heart rate by about 20 beats, which my doctor said was OK."
"On week 5 of 6 with application 5 times per week. Coverage area runs from cheek to cheek and the entire nose. The area did burn initially but that has stopped.  Dizziness and flu like synptoms persisted.My face looks terrible but my MD did say it would get worse before getting better.  The area is severely scabbed, crusted, red, irritated and looks like a giant size deep scab.  The size of the area is increasing and that is a huge concern.Today my eye lids are swollen and bags of fluid appeared under the eyes.  After 5 of 6 weeks treatment had to discontinue use.  Will see what my options are next week at my MD appointment. Sad to have gotten this far with seemingly little benefit."
"12 weeks in. 1.5 dose. Severe cramping of legs and abdominal area. Not digestive. Flank muscles under ribs bilaterally. This drug dose was suspect but I take lots of things. I took it 2 days late and found myself coming under control without cramps. Injected it at 10 pm last night. Up at 4 am next morning with such severe cramps that I fell down."
"Painful, expensive and useless treatment. I have extensive dupuytrens. No follow up whatsoever. Immediate results seemed hopeful, but regressed almost immediately despite pt and stretching regimen. No difference whatsoever from pre treatment condition after 6 months."
"I am a 6ft guy weighed in at 214lbs with hypertension.  If I didn&#039;t lose weight I was in need of a new blood pressure medicine and possibly cholesterol meds.  I have taken Qsymia 1 month and lost 14 lb with no side effects.  Thumbs up to Qsymia!"
"When first taking this medication, I threw up the first few days of taking it. Through the months I have experienced excruciating pain 2-6 hours after taking it. I normally take it around 11 or 12, right before bed. so between 1 and 6 in the morning, I am waken up by the pain. It&#039;s an aching pain with nausea. it is about once or twice a month, but when it occurs, it is unbearable! It lasts for about an hour or until I can fall asleep in the fetal position (the only thing that lessens the pain.) I am not allergic to anything nor sensitive to foods, so I am sure it is not related to consumed foods. It does have some positives. I  ALWAYS receive my period on the same day and am not pregnant. So it does what it was intended for!"
"After serveral failed attemps of using SSRI&#039;s to help with my panic attacks, my Dr perscribed me 0.5mg of Ativan to use when needed to &quot;break the cycle&quot; of panic. Along with everyone else, I&#039;m telling you to use with caution if you are taking Ativan, because it is very addicting. I&#039;m 21 yr old female who has suffered from panic attacks since I was 15. Ativan is a great safety net when needed, no side effects except some small cloudiness. Use with caution and be knowledgeable. Learn what panic is, what sets you off, and how to use coping mechanisms before using medication. And always do research on what medications you are being prescribed and be the judge if this medicine, in the long term, will benefit you. Knowledge is the key to beating panic."
"I took Cartia XT 120 mg once a day for thousands of PACs and PSVT. Cartia is mild, with few side effects, but good results. 

I took (Teva brand) Diltiazem EX 120 mg and had problems. I found out when I took leftover Cartia&#039;s that the problem is the Teva brand doesn&#039;t work as well for me."
"Abreva helps with the pain and itching that cold sores can cause.  But that&#039;s it.  The herpes virus is internal.  It sheds during times of stress or sickness.  No topical medication is going to stop the herpes virus from running its course internally.  Only oral medications taken by mouth can shorten the cycle of the herpes virus when it sheds.  Personally, I take Acyclovir, prescribed by my dermatologist, upon feeling the first tingle of a herpes cold sore.  I have found that It cuts the cycle in half.  Other people prefer Valtrex.  If you want real results during a herpes outbreak, you need an oral medication.  Keep it handy in your prescription cabinet.  Not a topical cream.  Herpes is an internal virus. Talk to your doctor."
"I have been on this for about 8 yrs. It is the only thing that made me feel normal with out being loopy or &quot;high&quot;. My only thing is that I am needing to either increase it or add something. Open to suggestions."
"Love this stuff! Nothing else has helped my acne in 8 years until I tried Epiduo. At first it did make my face sensitive to make up and moisturizers but give it a couple weeks because these symptoms have disappeared. Definitely worth trying!"
"This has been the worst experience of my life. Two shots of Prolia and nothing but constant pain. Every bone in my body hurts, literally. I feel just awful all day long. Tired, washed out, constant pain that has been, at times, debilitating. Had to use crutches for two days when I developed severe hip pain and again when I developed sever knee pain. I am eating ibuprofen like it was a bag of M &amp; M&#039;s. My cholesterol went high and I have never had a problem with cholesterol in my life (found out that it was yet another side effect). I have been to the ER twice and the walk-in clinic three times since starting Porlia. Two shots and I am done with it, no more."
"I took Plan B an hour after having sex. I was so worried cause they say it doesn&#039;t work for over weight people but it does. I&#039;m 190lbs and it worked for me. I got my period two weeks later after taking it. Thank God!"
"I was never able to sleep through the night until my doctor prescribed Ambien."
"The only good things about this pill is the comfort of knowing I likely won&#039;t get pregnant and that my boyfriend doesn&#039;t need a condom but that&#039;s about it. I&#039;ve had a migraine every day since I&#039;ve started taking it and the nausea is getting unbearable! The only reason I haven&#039;t stopped taking it is because I&#039;ve heard almost all birthcontrol pills cause these side effects."
"Started this medication 10 days ago. I have been taking two standardized cranberry pills a day since I started Farxiga. &quot;Knock on Wood&quot; I don&#039;t have a yeast infection. I do have some itching on my hip area and upper back area since taking this medication. Not sure what that is about. I am thirsty often, but I have been trying to drink a lot of water. Hoping his medication works well for me. I just came off Bydureon and it helped me to lose 25 lbs. Hoping for a miracle weight loss from this medication. :)"
"This named drug is prescribed normally in Spain and France usually packeted as         Carduran  I have used it for ten years but can not get it in Australia it was very effective at reducing levels of PSA...."
"I&#039;ve never had any problems with the length or intensity of my period but on this pill I felt sick all the time, dizzy, anxious, moody and tired.  My skin broke out and I had hot flushes.  Every 3 days I had cramps and my breasts were tender.  I&#039;ve been running 4-8 miles a day and still gained weight.  This pill made me feel like I was pregnant all over again.  Not a good choice of pill for me!"
"I am SO happy I went through with getting Kyleena even after reading all of the &quot;horror stories&quot; of the insertion process. Boy did those reviews get me worked up!  Literally, my doctor asked me what classes I was taking and BOOM it was done. I didn&#039;t even know she inserted it! All I felt was pressure, not pain. However, before the IUD, I was the girl who never experienced cramping at all. The ONLY down fall I have experienced after having an IUD for 6+ months is the cramping. It&#039;s very intense and painful, nothing I ever had gone through before. I always know when my period is coming because I have a day of serious cramping before it starts. I still have a period for now, but I don&#039;t regret it one bit. Better than taking a pill every day!"
"I was on this for 7 weeks before stopping to try to conceive. It was wonderful in that it finally took away the pelvic pain I continued to have on other pills. I had a light period within three days of stopping it. I&#039;ve had two full cycles since, and they&#039;ve both been shorter than usual, with a short (8-10 days) luteal phase. I&#039;m hoping this sorts itself out soon. Unfortunately I don&#039;t see myself taking this again, because it made my migraines much more frequent, and gave me fairly bad heart palpitations. A less troubling complaint was increased acne."
"I found out about the bar last year in October, I was on the pill, I went on the bar because it was an easier option not needing to remember to take a pill every morning, the first 2 weeks of the bar was great!! I started lossing weight just like that after that two weeks I began a period that took forever to go away around 1 month. I started getting headaches and very emotional. But other than that it fine! The great thing about it was I lost 7 kgs and got eat whatever I wanted and still didn&#039;t gain weight"
"I have been using Humira to treat my psoriatic arthritis for 12 years along with Methotrexate (currently 43 yrs old). My psoriasis (and arthritis) went away after 3 months of using them and I&#039;ve never had any side effects. My doc asked me to stop using Humira to see if it was still necessary and now after 3 months my psoriasis is back. Going back to the doctors to get his approval to go back on it. It has worked perfectly for me, you just have to deal with the pain of the monthly injection, also it is very expensive if you don&#039;t have insurance."
"I started taking implanon   after I went off  depo shot . I had no period on depo. After a year on implanon . I got my period back not bad loved it for awhile . the 2nd one was different irregular bleeding. I have a period 2 or 3x a month. worst side affects are the periods not know when  they will come and when they will go away. breast pain and tenderness , painful periods at times. I&#039;M debating what to do next. I don&#039;t really want another implant. But, I don&#039;t want a baby either . my dr. said to try mirena but, I&#039;m acared to try it. I&#039;m undecided what to do next. Maybe I should just go off of BC and use condoms . IDK"
"Lost 50lbs in 3 months."
"This medicine is by no means for the faint hearted.  If you are prepared to experience severe cramping,  extreme thirst and a general feeling of lethargy then go ahead.  Be warned it takes a while to kick in,  A good few hours,  it will disturb your sleep and your appetite and the results may not be as good as you hope for after a great deal of cramping."
"I&#039;ve  been on Zoloft for about month now,  I was suffering from Depression for a few yrs now. I&#039;m 30yrs. About 4 months ago I became severely depressed and suicidal. I finally went to the Doctor to start something. My depression was horrible. The first week I began taking this my suicide thoughts stopped. I still had a hard time getting out of bed but I wasn&#039;t feeling this horrible despair, I was just depressed and continued for the next weeks. I knew I felt a little better. About 2 days ago I started feeling better, I was able to get out of bed easier, and stay out, I do have trouble sleeping. But I feel okay. This medicine has saved me."
"I am a Type 1 diabetic with a chronic leg ulcer. Prescribed 600mg clindamycin 2x daily. Now I figured out the heartburn after reading this. The leg wound isn&#039;t healing yet, am in day 6 of treatment out of 20 days. Pray this works."
"This is my first line of defense when my allergy induced asthma is out of control. Rescue inhalers have not worked for me; I cannot pull the medicine into my lungs when I am constricted. By day 2 of the dosepak, I have significant relief and can usually go off of routine nebulized bronchodilators within 6 days. Unfortunately, my doctors do not like to prescribe steroids 3-4 times/year as needed even though I have shown them it works for me."
"Really helps ease the breakthrough pain. I was afraid when I first started it that it wouldn&#039;t help much at all, but in truth it works better than anything else that I have been prescribed. I have had one surgery for three herniated discs of my cervical spine and now have two more that need surgery at waist level. I have been suffering, only existing. Not living for more than ten years. Dilaudid gave me back some of my life and it doesn&#039;t make me nauseous like many of the other medications that I have been on. Even though it doesn&#039;t take away all of the pain it does make it much more tolerable. Morphine made me sick and I was severely hyper sensitive to it.  I am thankful for the relief Dilaudid has given me."
"I recently started taking this pill to regulate my period and I feel wonderful. I&#039;m not as moody, irritated and easily annoyed as I was before. I never had a lot of pimples but my face has cleared up and haven&#039;t lost or gained weight. For me I would have to say the only bad part is that I get cramping. But it doesn&#039;t bother me since I take it right before going to bed. The best part is that my insurance covers it."
"I love it!  Makes me feel human again.  My only side effect is sleepiness."
"I have bipolar 1 and started this medication to help with breakthrough symptoms while on a mood stabilizer.  Within the first few hours I knew this wasn&#039;t the right medication for me.  I was so anxious inside, I felt as if my blood was crawling around beneath my skin. After two days of taking it I knew that if I stayed on it, I would be at risk of suicide to stop that horrible feeling.  Taking it made me stay awake for two days, fretting with anxiety.  I spoke to my doctor the first chance I got and she immediately took me off of it.  I&#039;m on other medications now and very stable for years."
"I have officially been on Victoza for more than a year...I currently take highest dose of 1.8. along with Metformin daily. My A1C is finally normal @ 5.0 - my sugars never higher than 7.0 (even after meals) - I&#039;ve yet to ever experience a episode of hypoglycemia.
After a year there is 45 lbs less of me :) and my desire to be active/healthy again has returned.
I will encourage those that Victoza alone is not solely the answer.....I have family members who also went on Victoza, did not follow diet/exercise and or portion control and the drug only made them feel worse and had no effects. I personally found Victoza a great tool in combo with portion/diet/exercise to truly be the answer I&#039;d been waiting for! Worth a try if you are serious..."
"This medication worked where others failed."
"I have been sick since the first night, extreme abdominal pain, nausea, spotting, dizziness and headaches. I haven&#039;t had any real mood changes save for being overly sensitive and crying at the drop of a hat. Terrible, find another brand."
"Remicade is a very good medicine for those people who
suffer from PsA."
"I got terrible pain AND diarrhea after taking this medicine. I took similar product in the past AND this one is Indeed the worst one.  "
"Been one week and down 7lbs... I have a slight headache but not sure if it is because my desire for diet coke (reducing caffeine intake) and food has reduced greatly!  Headaches relieved by ibuprofen. Sometimes I look at the clock and its 1-2 hours after normal meal time!  I used to be the first (or second) person at our work cafe for every meal!  I will repost after a month.   Love the results so far.  I have willpower and not so food obsessed!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Humiria for 2 months and for me it&#039;s a miracle drug."
"I have been on Mirena for about 18 months now. At first I experienced cramping and bleeding for about 3 months, then it regulated and I haven&#039;t had a period for over a year now. That part I love! However, about 6 months after insertion, I began experiencing major anxiety issues, panic attacks, etc. I&#039;ve never had anxiety issues before so I was confused. Until recently, I hadn&#039;t put my anxiety and Mirena together, but after reading so many reviews about anxiety problems with Mirena, I&#039;m some-what forced to consider the removal of Mirena. There are no other logical explanations other than the hormone release that is causing my anxiety, which has become extremely difficult to deal with on a daily basis."
"For posterity, I&#039;m currently also taking Wellbutrin, Trazodone, and I&#039;ll be starting Vyvanse soon. Past SSRI&#039;s include Prozac and Zoloft; Prozac worked great but then pooped out and Zoloft didn&#039;t do much of anything. My depression and anxiety have easily tripled over the past couple due to being sexually assaulted and the deaths of two very close friends. As a result, I get agitated extremely easily at work and feel extremely low and hopeless at home. I&#039;m currently taking 20 mg Lexapro and I believe I just felt it kick in? It&#039;s like a warm hug for the brain. I&#039;m not feeling irritable, I&#039;m fairly relaxed, and I&#039;m excited for the rest of my day. I feel like it&#039;s only going to get better from here."
"I have just been diagnosed with ankylosing spondylitis in November 2016 at the age of 20 years old.
I&#039;ve begun the humira injection 40 milligrams April 2017 and still currently using.
Just the last couple of weeks my pain has dramatically gotten worse I&#039;m a lot more pain in my hips and legs and in my back, I&#039;ve also just been diagnosed with bursitis in both my shoulders.
Out-of-the-blue pain in my hips my knees my legs back, I&#039;ve spoken to my GP and all I can do is wait until October to see my rheumatologist as he doesn&#039;t want to change my medications.
With the Hamira I still felt the same but only my pain cramps has stopped, pain is still their too."
"I am glad to see that so many people had a positive experience with Xolair on this review page, I hope these reviews are real.  I was fine on Xolair for about a year, although I will say I did not notice too much difference.  In fairness, my asthma was relatively under control at the time with a daily steroid (Symbicort).  One day after a shot, I experienced what can only be described as the most ridiculous sounding symptom on the Xolair box, feelings of impending doom.  This was 3 years ago and I have suffered from severe anxiety ever since.  My life, including my marriage, has been drastically affected by Xolair.  PLEASE use caution before taking this and more importantly before letting your children take it."
"Spironolactone changed my life. I was 32 and had been battling cystic acne since 19, been through 3 dermatologists and every acne product on the market and had completely given up. I was at my annual gyno appointment when, out of the blue, she looked at me and asked me how I felt about my face. I immediately started to cry and told her how helpless and ugly I felt. Knowing that I was not interested in having kids, she put me on Spironolactone. It took a few months but once it kicked in, it was like someone had given me new skin. I am now 37, still taking 100mg of Spiro per day and my face has never looked better. It&#039;s soft and smooth and the redness is gone. It gave me my self esteem back. I only wish I could have found out about it sooner!"
"I was diagnosed with endometriosis when I was 16, started 6 month (6 injection) Lupron therapy at 17 and felt amazing. Yes, I gained weight and got the hot flashes, depression and swelling legs and feet, but it was all worth making the pain go away. Fast forward 5 years, and endometriosis is back with a vengeance plus I had a golf-ball sized cyst on my ovary. So I had the lap to have the endo burned out and the cyst removed, and of course the next step was up to me and I begged for Lupron! Sadly, I&#039;ve been let down the second time around. Symptoms are all the same but now the pain is still persistent, even in my 6th month. Major sad face about that."
"First 2 months of taking it I didn&#039;t stop bleeding, gained 10 lb (been 125 lbs for the past 10 years) got zits! (Maybe had 5 zits in my whole life) then started this pill and I&#039;m a bloated, bloody, zitty beast! I through the pills in the trash today. Enough is enough! Horrible medication"
"So i had unprotected sex on May 24 and the condom broke so i was freaked out because the next day was memorial day and the pharmacy was closed so i had to wait. I was fertile. And so i waited another day to take the pill i took it probably 34 ish hours after the accident and i got sick to my stomach (which is a side effect) and really tired. Its been about two weeks since i took it and i was suppise to recieve my period yesterday (June 8) but never came and so i just didnt think anything of it and i got terrible cramps and back pain. Agai. I just thought it was a sign or my period but i told my mom and she got me a test i took two both positive so the pill didn&#039; t wrk for me but i think i took it to late because i was fertile."
"Weakness and muscle aches"
"I wanted to share my experience because when I first started taking Lexapro I read these boards daily searching for hope. I have always had anxiety but it was not until this summer that I started experiencing physical symptoms, I was constantly nauseous, often felt dizzy, and my heart would flutter in my chest non stop. I thought I was losing my mind and going crazy.  This led to depression and a feeling of hopelessness. I went to the doctor and had every test in the book done and nothing was wrong. I was then prescribed Lexapro and the first couple weeks were rough.I started on 5mgs for two weeks and during that time I was also taking .25 Xanax a day while I got used to the Lexapro.I am now two months into 10 mg and have never felt better!"
"This is a wonder drug for my Depression. However, the only drawback is to me it is physically addicting."
"I&#039;m 29 &amp; I was originally on Gildess &amp; I loved it! Suddenly my pharmacy gave me this new pill. Bleh. They told me it was exactly the same but something wasn&#039;t right. For some reason Microgestin gave me insane headaches. At first I was like, ok. 1 or 2 headaches every other week is fine. But then it went to 3x a week, then 4x a week! Suddenly I had a throbbing headache that was literally with me for 2 weeks! I thought maybe at first it was my  ventriculoperitoneal (vp) brain shunt malfunctioning but I got it checked &amp; it was fine! Then I did some research &amp; found that this bc can cause crazy amounts of headaches. I am so so done with this bc. It&#039;s now been a 1.5 weeks since I&#039;ve been off it &amp; guess what, no headache! Getting an IUD On my next cycle."
"Well 8 months later still on metformin I&#039;ve lost a total of 20pds and for the first time I received my period on its own I&#039;m currently not taking any birth control pills I&#039;m so happy so maybe I&#039;ll be reporting a baby next time I&#039;ve gotta my a1c down to 5.9 I&#039;m taking 2000ml of metformin"
"Quickly calmed me down and got rid of nausea caused by anxiety but the sleepiness it caused me to experience made me very stressed out about being unable to do what I needed to get done."
"Aczone is the best acne product to ever happen to me! I&#039;m 23 and have tried nearly everything from Accutane, oral acne medications, creams, cleansers, masques, etc. for the first time in nearly ten years I have clear skin! The difference is Aczone. I use it in the morning under makeup or without and it controls the oil and reduces inflammation. It drys out my skin but doesn&#039;t flake or peel."
"This medicine kept me up all night for two weeks because I was nauseous and vomiting. It gave me terrible cystic acne on my chin and jaw and made me extremely moody. I never even got to see what effects it had on my period but it wasn&#039;t worth it. I quit after two weeks because I was tired of how damaging it was. Would not recommend for anybody."
"My son is getting ready to turn 7. He has been on Metadate CD for 2 years. We first started him out on the 10mg but after six months we had to go up to 20mg. Before he started the Metadate the teacher would have to chase him around the room and keep him from doing flips during circle time. The school even suggested that I pull him out for an extra year since he was a July birthday. I took my son to the doctor and told them what the school wanted to do she tested him and then started him on the Metadate. I could tell a difference on the first pill. He has made straight A&#039;s every since. Now that he can focus and sit still he is the first one done with his work and the teachers have decided to test him for the Gifted program."
"Paxil may have some minor side effects but it has helped me a great deal. I do fidgit my hands and feet a bit but have no real side effects as long as I take it responsibly. When I first began, I could miss a few doses without problems but now it only takes one missed dose for me to feel it. And if you try to quit cold turkey it will have some serious side effects. Overall, I couldn&#039;t imagine living without it now that I&#039;ve found relief from my anxiety."
"All I&#039;ve got to say is that my hoo ha is on FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"This medication gave me my life back. It truly does help with panic attacks."
"Hilarious! It kept me AWAKE ALL Night. IT had no affect on me at all."
"I&#039;ve been on Apri for about a year now I had to start taking it at night because it made me feel very sick. I still feel sick in the morning and can&#039;t eat when I first wake up for the 1st week then that goes away. I do believe it decreased my sex drive because it has changed since I started taking this pill. The only plus to this pill is that I&#039;ve had short periods that are very light and I know the day it will start and end. I just asked for a new birth control to try and I&#039;ll see how that goes! If it doesn&#039;t go well ill probably be returning to Apri."
"Taking Arimidex for just short of four years. Horrible bone and joint pain. Pain meds leave me unable to function. Insomnia, shortness of breath, chest pains. Thousands of dollars on tests that show nothing. Treated like a nut case. Oncologist finally said stop taking it, but gave me nothing for pain. Trip to ER , prescribed oxycodone which works, but knocks me out and grog continues for two days after taking it! Oncologist says recurrence is 8% without Arimidex, 5% with it. I will not continue this torture for a mere 3%! This is no way to live."
"My doctor prescribed this instead of the Flonase I&#039;ve taken for a month. I have severely swollen sinuses, history of sinus surgeries. After a few days of use the headache has gotten so bad I have to stop use. I&#039;ve had more bad side effects than benefits, including painful sinuses and dry nose. I&#039;m better off without it."
"I was given a 4 week titration pack to try Savella for my Fibromyalgia. I started noticing night sweats &amp; hot flashes. Then on day 19 I was working at a show &amp; had flushing, increased BP, Pulse &amp; sweats so bad that my clothing was wet. I felt like my heart was going to explode. I must have some &quot;lost moments&quot; where I didn&#039;t know what I was doing. It was pretty scary so I stopped taking them &amp; told my doctor on my followup visit."
"I think Nexplanon is right for you if you want to avoid pregnancy. At least, that was my experience. I have had nexplanon for 4 months already, and have only had spotting since insertion. I would consider a downside being the spotting lasted two to three weeks around the second-third month, but overall it&#039;s been nice not having a period. Its very effective against pregnancy. At first, I was very worried that I could be pregnant, but I&#039;ve taken multiple cheap tests and they&#039;re all negative! I&#039;ve calmed down about thinking I&#039;m pregnant, as I trust it more. My moods have been crazy until this week, which might be a temporary thing. Other than the moods I consider it to be a great option!"
"I was very apprehensive to take this medication because of all the negative reviews on this site and others, but I&#039;m telling you, TRY THIS PILL.
I&#039;ve literally tried every product, been to multiple doctors and dermatologist, have had facials, treatments, etc., etc... NOTHING has worked. Except this.
PROS: Started to control my acne(less &quot;patchiness&quot;, less breakouts), made my breasts grow almost a whole cup size bigger in the first 2 packs, made me more relaxed and chill then I already was, 4 DAY PERIODS.
CONS: the first pack I experienced constant spotting and really bad mood swings (only the first month, after the first pack I am more in control than ever)
I can now go to the dermatologist to fix my scaring and my skin will be perfect! good luck!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for several months. There has been a definite change in my depression and mood. I don&#039;t feel as sad and upset or anxious but I don&#039;t feel as good as before I was depressed. Still hoping for the old me! But I&#039;m at least on my way, closer than ever before."
"I&rsquo;ve been on sprintec for 8 months and considering getting off it. My body still isn&rsquo;t in sync with it and I go on a period for 1.5 weeks, have 3/4 days of rest then I&rsquo;m period again. It&rsquo;s absolutely annoying and tampons aren&rsquo;t cheap! I&rsquo;m spending more money on tampons which I&rsquo;m not supposed to need than I am on the actual BC. This has made my sex life non existent since I&rsquo;m literally only having freedom for 4 days at a time
I hate this"
"Well im very impressed and happy others have  Tegretol works, i am adhd and bipolar yup try that on for size its insane. I use to be an extremist of note but tegretol has controlled this and what i like most its not like the other medications it does not put you on just another high or a buzz, you don&#039;t realize what it does but the people around you do. It slows you down to a more controlled state and keeps the depression down. For me combine tegretol with healthy eating no dow etc rice starch, lots of water and gym and youll be sorted no doubt.But always remember like any normal being there are ups and downs and if you realize life is not always peaches and cream, and that you will experience down time, accept  and just let it pass."
"Been on this drug for three weeks.  Nothing.  Weight dropped a couple pounds in week 2, but went back up.  Blood sugar readings do not show any improvement.

So does it really take 6-7 weeks before blood sugars drop and weight loss starts?"
"I gained 30 pounds within 6 months of starting Jolessa. I gave been working out and eating even healthier, yet, my weight just keeps ^^^^^^^^^!!! As well as constant cramping and spotting. :("
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for about 5 years now and love it. I never had many problems with it. I didn&#039;t gain weight but I typically will get a pimple or 2 the week before my period is supposed to start. I do get a slight skin irritation where I put it on. Only a little itchy and no big deal. I wear mine on my stomach and switch sides to help irritation. I don&#039;t think it hurts that bad to take off it&#039;s like pulling off a bandaid. I have only had 1 fall off and I was swimming every day for a week when it happened. I do notice I am more emotional (and slightly bitchy) while I&#039;m on my period but I put the new one on and I&#039;m fine. definitely would recommend!"
"BONIVA is the only drug that has improved my T-Scores since I&#039;ve began my DXA scans over 4 years ago.  "
"Been given as I have a infection in my wisdom tooth which I&#039;ve got a specialist consultation for in 2 weeks time.
So far had 6 of these tablets (one 3x a day so I&#039;m about go onto day 3) 
No pain relief and no sleep. Not slept right in over a week now but the pain is becoming unbearable.
I take morphine, paracetamol &amp; Naproxen for health conditions and none of these have worked with my body.
My dentist didn&#039;t give me anything apart from the antibiotics and just told me within 2 days I&#039;ll be much more painless as the paracetamol should work with the antibiotics. 
It&#039;s 2:28am on the 3rd day several hours before my 7th pill and I&#039;m in so much pain and so tired but cannot sleep. 
Seem not to work for me, feels like it&#039;s getting worse. Will update."
"This past week has been horrible. Monday through to Wednesday I was recovering from food poison, and Tuesday- Saturday I was extremely constipated. I spent early Saturday morning 2:30am-5:00am tossing and turning in pain. I realized it had almost been a week since I had a bowel movement. I got up, googled some home remedies, (olive oil, baking soda, prunes etc..) so I tried olive oil. Nasty. Baking soda? Hec no. Prunes? Its 3am. No. So finally I came across magnesium citrate. I got dressed, drove to my local CVS and chose the grape flavor. Got home, forced down the bottle, drank some water and 2 hours later nothing. Waited another 1.5 hours and BAMMM. Like a water hose. So relieved. Cramps and feeling sick so worth it. At last. feel 100x better"
"I started taking Wellbutrin about 3 weeks ago for depression.  I had been on Zoloft for the past 6 years and needed a change.  After the switch, I was more irritable.  Three days ago, I developed hives and swollen lips.  After my 2nd ER visit, I am back on Zoloft."
"The medication was far superior and hopefully safer than using Percocet. The issue is continuous relief for several torn/ruptured discs. Surgical intervention is not guaranteed to resolve my problem. Pain level is 5-6 continuous and takes over your life. So what to do. Many personal issues to consider but in the end I realized that until a solution if found I don&#039;t have a lot of options here. Went to a shrink and others and finally accepted status at this time. Never drink, take as directed, and trust yourself. Never, never, fall into the trap of changing the dosing from the prescribed format."
"I used this drug for suspected Swine Flu. It definitely works wonders but what I noticed was that it affected my brain in some ways. I am confused and less tolerant than I was before. I am hoping it is temporary. "
"I take 50 milligrams of indomethacin with a caffeine tab at first sign of migraine and call it quits until relief kicks in in about 1 1/2 hours.  Slower than Imitrex but much cheaper and not limited by insurance.  My headaches have signs of autonomic nervous system dysfunction, common to indomethacin sensitive headaches so my neuro suggested a trial dose taken daily along with Topamax for a preventative.  When I took indomethacin daily I got mentally weird and even paranoid and anxious which was totally not me so I quit daily use and only take it with individual headaches."
"Given a sample by doctor. Have suffered from a headache for 24/7 for last 18 months. One dose and I got the first relief I&#039;ve ever had since my injury causing headache. Miracle!"
"I have been taking a 50mg dose twice a day for 2 weeks and have lost about 13 lbs. I struggle with remembering to take the medicine in the mornings and those are the days I tend to eat more, usually fast food. But when I do remember to take them I eat so much less and have less cravings. They make me thirsty so I drink more water, no complaints though. And I have quit bedtime snacking on unhealthy foods or portions.And my energy and mood levels are way up, making things like waking up and the morning, going to work, or just working out more enjoyable and less draining. My goal is to lose 60 pounds and with this medicine I know I can make it there."
"I first used Effexor XR 75 mg at the start of 2016 to treat depression/ anxiety. Side effects were things such as dry mouth, frequent urination, problems sleeping at night. After 2 weeks these reduced greatly and after a further 2 weeks my mood improved greatly and my anxiety reduced. My ongoing side effects were strange (not unpleasant) dreams and sometimes night sweats - neck and chest. I tapered off to 37.5 and then stopped October 2016. The withdrawals - head zaps in the main - lasted about a week and were not too bad. I stopped because I  felt so much better.
During mid 2017 I went down hill again and was back at the GP&#039;s sobbing my heart out and at home being a complete pain to my wife. I started 75mg again 4 weeks ago. Much better!"
"Hello I just wanted to share my experience to calm the minds of every girl on here. So I have now had to take plan b twice, first time the condom broke, he finished inside so I took the pill one hour after and had little side effects. My period came right on time. Second time the condom broke but he pulled out long before he finished. I took the pill a few hours later. I had cramping, nausea, acne flare ups, and lots of stress. I missed my period and around that time my breasts became sore. I was very nervous. I took a preg. test and it was negative. But two and a half weeks later it came like I truck and now I am bleeding heavily and cramping a ton!! So ladies please just try to relax and let the pill do its job. Thank you plan b!!"
"I was excitied to try the Breo Ellipta.. I have severe emphysema &amp; 73 years old.. At first I found that I could breathe longer during the day without using my rescue Proair so much during the day... After 6 days, I found that when excerting myself for a longer period of time, ( grocery shopping) that I would run out of air...My chest felt tight &amp; my Proair didn&#039;t seem to rescue me as before...It was a little frightening..."
"I love it. The insertion was not nearly as horrible as I had expected. Of course, it was uncomfortable, but totally bearable and quick. Afterwards, I cramped and bled (lightly) for the rest of the day. I recommend spending the day in bed with a heating pad like I did. For about a week after insertion, I experienced light to moderate cramping but now (a few months later), I experience no cramping and no period. I also haven&#039;t had any issue with the IUD strings. My partner hasn&#039;t &quot;felt&quot; them at all, which was another concern. 

Overall, it&#039;s great. No more worrying about taking a pill every day and remembering to take my birth control with me on trips, out camping, etc. I haven&#039;t had a period at all, and it&#039;s long term. I love it"
"Out of the 15 years I have taken birth control this one has been my favorite. It made me have regular light periods and toned down my mood swings. Didn&#039;t gain any weight and never got any pimples. I&#039;m extremely sad my new insurance doesn&#039;t cover it anymore and I am devastated. I am now on the hunt for a new bc and have had no luck with one that responds well with my body."
"I have struggled with generalized anxiety disorder and depression since I was 15. I am taking 10mg a day and have had no side effects except unusual dreams. This medicine has been amazing! I used to cry and worry a lot now I feel 100 times better!"
"What started out as a simple back strain/sprain at 19 yrs old has, over the years, evolved into an all encompassing condition leaving me with Multiple Sclerosis, handicapped and needing a walker for any mobility. Through the years I have been on NSAIDs which have proven time and again to be so helpful in relieving pain to where I was taking 3200 mg of ibuprofen/day. Finally given Relafen, which has saved my stomach from all the pain medicines and ibuprofen. Have never had a problem with Relafen (nabumetone) over the 7 yrs I&#039;ve been on them, and they continue to be instrumental in relief from daily pains due to MS. A great product!"
"I&#039;d been having problems with insomnia and anxiety, both conditions feeding off each other and making the other worse and creating mild depression. My GP prescribed 0.5mg to be taken at bed time as needed, to be increased to 1mg if needed (only gave me 14 tablets as they are habit forming). Amazing results! I slept through the night and woke feeling calm and NORMAL for the whole next day AND the day after! I&#039;ve taken 3 doses in the last 11 days, and took 1mg after a particularly stressful day with the same good results. No side effects of note except for a very mild headache 24 hours after the first dose. 

I&#039;m expecting to have a decreased need for these after starting a new job in the next week but so happy to have them to get me through."
"I have been on Neurontin for a month now.  This medicine was given to me for chronic neck pain from an injury 30 years ago.  I did not mention to the neurologist that I suffered from severe anxiety and panic disorder, I was taking at least 1 dose of Xnax daily for daily panic attacks.  Since starting on neurontin I have only had to take Xanax 1 time, I am not in chronic pain any longer.  This medication has changed my life in so many ways.  My husband told me in tears that he has his wife back.   My work has completely changed around, I love my job again, I love life again, and I am pain free!!!!!!"
"I took Viibryd for 3 months, as in spite of initial side effects, I really wanted to give it a shot, since I&#039;ve tried virtually everything else. The sexual side effects began after the very first low-dose tablet and continued until I quit cold turkey after 3 months. I&#039;m 57 and went from enjoying sex with my wife 2 to 3 times a week, to almost complete anorgasmia while on Viibryd. Three days after quitting I was almost back to normal, and within a week I was back to 100%. The best I can say: virtually no side effects of the withdrawal, in fact the frequent headaches I had while taking it have ceased."
"Do not prescribe this to anyone !! This drug should not be legal. After 2 weeks it made me feel suicidal, which I&#039;ve never been in my entire 33 yrs of being alive. It swung me into a severe depression and accumulated a huge amount of anxiety. This is the most unhealthy experience I have ever had. It ruined my relationship and my personality when I was taking it. I started a college class and the doctor prescribed this to me for concentration. It made me feel like I was on speed. When I stopped taking it about 6 days later I was a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT person, I was finally back to normal. Please watch your children or anyone you know who may be taking this."
"I am 20 years old. I have used Lexapro for two months. I must say it&#039;s great, anxiety and depression are gone. "
"I have recently been prescribed Percocet for pain in relation to blood clots and 2 herniated discs in my back. I was on Dilaudid for a long time, and obviously, the doctor wanted me off.  He initially took me down to 5mg Lortab which did NOTHING.  Then he bumped me up to 10/325mg Percocet 4 x daily using 2 of them for breakthrough pain. I&#039;ve yet to get the prescription filled because I have no insurance, but I have used them in the past with fairly decent results.  It comes nowhere near IV Dilaudid which is the ONLY thing that takes my pain completely away for about 2-3 hours, but I can&#039;t be hooked up to an IV the rest of my life. (Although I would if I could just so I could be pain free!)  I&#039;ll give it a 7 for what it does."
"I take 2 Norco 10/325 every morning with 800mg Ibuprofen for lower back pain due to 2 herniated discs from an injury in 2005. They are only partially effective. I have built up a tolerance to pain medicines. Even during radio surgery, the sedation I was given did very little. My doctor just gave me Morphine to use at night to help me sleep, but I am allergic to sulfur and the drug is actually called Morphine Sulfate. I am afraid to take it because of the potential side effects(hives). I&#039;m waiting for authorization for disc replacement surgery, so hopefully I won&#039;t need pain medicines in the future."
"I&#039;ve only been using Epiduo for a few days and I don&#039;t know how I&#039;ll ever go without it. I use it twice a day and it is working wonders on my acne. 

Some people have mentioned that it dries out their skin and makes it flaky. I have not experienced this whatsoever because I have very oily skin."
"The worst possible anti-anxiety medication ever. 14 years of taking it. Not only did it do the opposite of what it was supposed to do, but I became a horrible person to be around. High one day, down the bottom the other, irrational, fearless to a scary point, extreme in everything I did. the side effects were horrific and it took me 3 years to temper it down to stop taking it....But wait; 2 years after quitting this shit, serious side effects came back to haunt me in a terrible way...Yes; 2 years after I stopped taking Paxil. Please, Google Paxil side effects; many people have had the same problem! Stay away from this stuff. Banned in most of Europe for obvious reasons."
"This product did not work for me I still live in pain in my knees give out all the time."
"It&#039;s 2:30 am and I&#039;m wide awake! At the suggestion of my doctor, she said to take Mucinex D ... BIG MISTAKE! I&#039;m definitely breathing perfectly, but I&#039;m jittery and unable to sleep! Mucinex D in the morning, Sinex at night!"
"I used this on a cruise and it worked great! I didn&#039;t get sick at all. I would use it again. Works great."
"Just made an appointment on 9/26/16 to get the Liletta and so far so good!!!The procedure when quickly. Just some discomfort like take a pap test. Some to not much little cramping at all. I return back to the doctor at the end of October for a follow up visit. Will post again to let you know how things are."
"I am very confused about the reviews stating the bad aftertaste, because this is an eye drop! I was given a sample by my optometrist. Previously, I was using Zaditor which worked okay, but it wasn&#039;t great and sometimes irritated my eyes even more. Bepreve makes my eyes feel very refreshed and &quot;clear&quot; of whatever it is that causes my eyes to feel dry/watery/irritated. I don&#039;t use it daily. Just when needed."
"I have been on Zoloft 50mg for about 6 months now. I got on it because I could not control my anger. I would go from okay, to completely angry in just a matter of moments. Everything and anything would set me off, and I couldn&#039;t control it. So, I went to the doctor and he put me on Zoloft. I have lost close to 40lbs since being on the medicine beacuse I have no appetite anymore. I do not feel like a zombie, instead I am able to control my anger better. I still get upset and angry, but I don&#039;t lash out like I used to. I feel like I have control of my life now."
"Started on Cymbalta for anxiety &amp; depression fall 2014. It was the first anti-depressant that I&#039;d ever tried (aside from St. John&#039;s Wort). Side effects during the first week of taking it were SO terrible that I had to stop. I was constantly dizzy. I couldn&#039;t focus on anything. It made my body so tense, I&#039;d catch myself clenching my teeth and fists. Insomnia was terrible; I&#039;d wake up ~5x per night. I work in healthcare and I felt like I couldn&#039;t do my job with all of these side effects, so I stopped. The side effects were really worse than my anxiety and depression. I have no doubt that they would have eventually decreased, but I couldn&#039;t wait for that to happen. Obviously, the side effects will be different for everybody but that&#039;s my story"
"I have been on Nexplanon for about a year now. At the very beginning I had huge food cravings. I did not have a period for about 2 months. Then for about a month it started to regulate but it was very heavy. It has been 5 months now and my period has not stopped. I&#039;ve also gained weight even though I&#039;m incredibly active. I went from 135 to 148 now. My mood swings are insane! I have severe anxiety and depression. Overall Nexplanon is doing its job and I am definitely not pregnant but there are huge side effects of using this implant. I do not recommend it."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 years now.  I had been taking Seasonique, but had some weight gain and mood swings so my doctor recommended Quasense.  I experienced some light spotting after the first month, but nothing more.  No acne, no depression, and no real weight gain.  I&#039;ve noticed that I retain water more than ever before, but I cut back on the sodium and increased my water intake, which is a good thing to do anyway."
"I have been taking this medication for about 2 months and have found it very helpful. I have a bed chemical imbalance disorder which just means that there are too many chemicals in my brain they were causing me to faint, have twitches and shiveres nearly every hour and seizures, to the point where I ended up in hospital after smacking my head on tiles during an episode. So far so good the medication has helped a lot. I think for nerve damage or anxiety this medication will help but maybe not for depression. I am always exhausted and my libido has significantly reduced but no twitches or seizures. I do notice that if I forget to take the medication or I drink my twitches and fits return :( Does not mix well with alcohol ."
"By far, the best sleep medication out there. After trying sleeping medicine after sleeping medicine, I finally found one that actually worked. It works like a charm every time. Thank you Ambien for giving me my life back!"
"Worthless, night sweats.  No relief at all."
"This patch has been the most effective in treating my spinal pain, however due to a change in work and traveling extensively the restrictions about getting a refill is hard. "
"I have taken this product for headaches, backaches and toothaches and having tried Motrin, Extra Strength Tylenol, and Aleve for these issues in the past I would give Orudis KT the highest rating of the OTC pain medications."
"I&#039;m so happy that Chantix got so many people to quit.  That could be a whole lot of lives saved.  I also think Chantix is extremely effective.  I took it for 3 weeks and basically quit after the first week.  The problem was the nausea.  I&#039;m not talking about occasional or intermittent nausea.  I mean the worst sickness I have ever felt.  It was with me 24/7 for the entire time I took the pills. The end of week 3 was a weekend.  At that point I felt so sick that I stayed in bed.  I missed a cousin&#039;s wedding that Saturday because I couldn&#039;t make the hour long drive or get through the day.  They really need to ditch the nausea symptoms to make this product more of a success."
"I had sex on September 15 at night and I took the pill September 18 early in the morning. He pulled out but I was still scared. I had been freaking out and googling all my symptoms and convinced myself I was pregnant. Yesterday I got my period (it&rsquo;s pretty light.) Take it as soon as possible and try not to stress ladies!! You&rsquo;ll be okay."
"I was switched to Alesse 3 months ago when my other BC brand was discontinued. Experienced a face rash as soon as I finished my first pack to start my period which lasted the entirety of that week. Have had no other side effects until again recently I experienced a more intense rash on my arms, legs and lower back but was in the middle of my pack for month 3, which lasted for about 4 days and now spotting a week before my period is supposed to start. I&rsquo;ve never had a rash in my life before taking Alesse, I&rsquo;ve been on BC for 2 years and the only side effect I ever had was spotting when I first started. Would not recommend alesse if you have sensitive skin (I don&rsquo;t) or react badly to medications"
"Been on Loestrin 24 for about 4 months. Love the fact that it&#039;s taking care of the terrible menstrual cramps and bloating I used to have. On the flip side, it tends to me sad a lot more but with time I think I can control that. Also I am gaining weight on my hip/thigh area. I really don&#039;t mind if it&#039;s just temporary. So far so good, I like the pill-it&#039;s making my time of the month a really easy time. For 1 month I had no period at all."
"I am 47 and have suffered from bouts of depression all my life but about 2 years ago I was hit with depression and panic attacks so severe, I literally wanted to die.  I tried a few medications that didn&#039;t work and then Lexapro at 10mg.  At first I was very disappointed because it didn&#039;t help, even after about 3 weeks.  Then it was increased to 20mg and I swear within about 3 days I felt like a new person. I have been on it for about 2 years.  At times, I have tried decreasing back to 10mg but I end up with the same severe depression/anxiety symptoms.  So I will be staying on 20mg.  Thank you for making something life Lexapro available to me."
"I am about to do my 4th treatment. I have used Androgel and injections, and nothing has worked like this. You have to give it at least 2 weeks after the treatment to see the full effect. It has really worked for me. My symptoms go away until about 2 weeks before my next treatment. That is the only issue."
"On my 5th week of 12. Because of the slight nausea, I found it eased up if I eat supper a few hours before I take the medication. Taking it at night before I go to bed has been working very well for me as it makes me tired [sure gonna miss the sleep aid when treatment is over!]. Occasionally I&#039;ve felt a slight headache; drinking water usually takes it away with no additional medication. I &#039;play&#039; with my diet to eliminate bowel problems and a daily walk also seems to help. My current lab shows it&#039;s working!!"
"I&#039;m 17 and this is my first birth control pill ever and I&#039;ve only been on it for 4 weeks. I&#039;m currently experiencing my first period on the pill. Before I was on birth control I had extremely terrible cramps as most people in my family do. However this period has been GREAT. No cramps and my flow is extremely light and easy. The only downside is that when I gain weight it sticks and stays which is abnormal because my weigh used to fluctuate and my attitude is a little bit more raw and sensitive. With that being said this pill was a great fit for me , I&#039;d recommend it!"
"I first tried this drug about five years ago and have been on it consistently for two to three years.  The good: this drug really changed my life.  I&#039;d tried a laundry list of antidepressants and they were mostly like popping sugar pills--they didn&#039;t do much at all.  My psychiatrist suggested adding Abilify and it did something that no drug had ever done for me: it stabilized my mood (which was all over the map) .  It allowed me to be happy and productive for the first time ever in my adult life.  The bad: I have consistently gained weight every year I&#039;ve been on the drug, with no sign of a plateau.  I&#039;m experimentally discontinuing it to see if I can lose the weight (which is, counter-productively, making me depressed again)."
"My son has been taking the medication for a week on Tuesday and all I have to say is that he is doing a lot better. His teacher noticed a difference on the first day, so did my son. He stated to me that he can actually focus on lessons and listen to the lesson with no problem.  The only thing that I can say is that my son said that he doesn&#039;t want to eat as much but he eats anyway because he knows he needs to and at night he wakes up once.  The doctor did tell us that, that may happen in the beginning but that it will ware off."
"Of all medications I have taken for mental illnesses, Seroquel has been the most effective. It started working almost immediately. At first 25mg nightly, then 50mg, to 75mg, to 100mg only at bed time due to the drowsiness that accompanies it. I now take 150mg at bed and 25mg with breakfast and 25mg at lunch time which is keeping anxiety at bay. It required an increase monthly for me until now. The biggest benefit was treatment of insomnia, which in turn helped me manage my days better. It hasn&#039;t been effective in preventing or even reducing the effects of mania which is why it didn&#039;t get a full 10/10 from me. The worse side effect has been the constant weight gain."
"Today is my first drug free day and I don&#039;t feel bad at all but actually feel pretty good. This is without a doubt the best detox drug I have ever used."
"I am almost at a month of taking this birth control. 4 days to go. I am also using it to help with Endometriosis. I have had a cycle and it lasted like normal three days and very light which is awesome.   Now I have noticed that I have a crazy craving for hot and spicy food like everyday I need to eat something spicy. Other than  that craving it works well. If anything changes next month I&#039;ll be sure to share my experience."
"This pill is not taking away my Irritable Bowel Syndrome but it gives me loads of energy. I LOVE IT."
"Gabapentin has saved my life! Like everyone else I was experiencing a lot of anxiety &amp; wanted something non habit forming and addictive. This makes me feel calm about an hour after taking. No more anxious thoughts &amp; irritation. Wonderful medication I can&#039;t stress that enough!"
"Absolutely a life saving drug. I am a student in university and have had ongoing undiagnosable stomach problems for four years. I still miss a lot of school but with this drug, I can put weight on finally. Every now and again it flares up really bad and I will take 8 mg at a time. Otherwise, I take 4 mg about twice a day, once when I wake up and once after my midday meal. I rarely get the headaches because I take the tablets and not the ODTs. There&#039;s an artificial sugar in the ODT that supposedly causes the headaches. If a sudden bout of nausea occurs, it will go into effect in 30-45 mins for me."
"I&#039;m 2 weeks into Lolo after Mirena IUD removal, and due to irregular periods, and ovarian cysts. Not sure what&#039;s a mirena removal side-effect (Mirena crash) vs. lolo side effect. But I&#039;ve had headaches and anxiety, and really sad, sad, days. Just blah. I&#039;m going to update as time goes on to annotate any other pros/cons. I have been nauseas the past few days too."
"I am 20 and have always had anxiety about BC and not trusting that it is working (I could always use it exactly like I&#039;m supposed to and would still make myself sick over if I was pregnant or not) this has definitely lessened that feeling!! If your like me I always Google my symptoms to see if anyone else is feeling it too so let me tell you.. I&#039;ve had it for about 3 months now, and things are a little rough. I&#039;ve been bleeding almost everyday since I got it.. Except for those first few weeks. But it&#039;s only minor spotting. My first period was just like normal (only 4-5 days too) and my second and third has been a little wonky. (Not on time) but I&#039;m holding out that it&#039;ll get better! I wish you all luck!!!"
"My tonsils have been hurting very badly the whole day that I felt like crying. 10 minutes after taking Advil, I felt such a relief. More than half of the pain was gone and I was able to take my final exams for school without any pain. Thank you so much Advil!"
"Month 1 ok. Nothing that noticeable Month 2 extremely tired al the time. No patience, over emotional, beyond ragey. Full period on second week on the pack. Dry flaky patch on my usually non acne face. Headaches, some abdominal cramps. Want to give it a chance but the tiredness I can&#039;t deal with ...the side effects of feeling depressed."
"I have tried taking lithium twice - when I was a teenager &amp; as an adult. Both times it didn&#039;t do much for me. I still experienced mood swings &amp; I gained a lot of weight. I also developed thyroid problems &amp; had very bad tremors. This is not a medication I would recommend. If you do decide to take lithium make sure to get your your doctor to give you blood tests regularly, so you can check on your liver, thyroid, etc. It is very important."
"Helps my anxiety just generally puts me in a better mood - I can actually deal with life happily now"
"The purpose of my writing this review is to warn nursing mothers against using this drug. The drug worked - it increased my milk supply - but at a very high cost. Prior to taking Reglan, I had never had issues with depression or insomnia and very little issues with anxiety. Throughout the latter part of my taking this drug, anxiety increased steadily. Then I stopped sleeping. I became extremely anxious and severely depressed. After over two weeks going on a total of no more than 15 hours of sleep, I was admitted to the hospital. While in the hospital, I stopped taking Reglan. After five days off the drug, I was fine. Please do not take this drug. The other reviews are accurate as well. It is not worth it."
"I only got the shot once, I gained 15 pounds in 3 months and had horrible mood swings. Also, the cramps I experienced after getting the shot were ten times worse than the cramps I experienced before. The only good thing I can say is that my periods were a lot lighter. "
"My walking has improved dramatically. Over the 5 days I&#039;ve been taking it my distance has improved 30%, speed has increased 13%, #of rest stops decreased from 4 to 0, and cost has decreased $125/mo over Spiriva   Symbicort."
"I have PCOS and so I have a great amount of upper lip hair and on my chin. Instead of pulling 20 chin hair a day I pull about 4-5 if I use the product 2 times per day. I have also noticed over the past 3 months that the hair on my head has been falling out so I backed off on using this product to 1 time per day.  I continue to lose a number of hairs from my head everyday.  I know if I back off to using Vaniqua once every other day my chin and lip hair will increase so not sure what to do."
"I&#039;ve had 6 back surgeries in the past 2-1/2 years, and two of those surgeries in the last month (I&#039;ve also had 61 spinal injections), and Dilauded is the ONLY pain medication that has worked to help reduce my pain and keep it to a tolerable level."
"So far so good. I&#039;ve been taking this pill for almost 2 months (I know it&#039;s kind of a short time to claim results) but it&#039;s been treating me well. I made sure I put an alarm on my phone to ensure that I take it on time everyday. So far I have experienced headaches from time to time. About two times, I took the pill about 2 hrs late and had light bleeding from then up until a week which is a pain. I know more time will tell for real results but just wanted to give a review of beginning side effects for me."
"So, I don&#039;t know what this medicine is made of...unicorn horns?  Pixie dust?  Whatever is in here, it WORKS.  My first time using it was last Thursday night.  I followed the directions exactly and prepared myself for the itching and burning.  Surprisingly, I felt zero pain or itchiness at all.  I actually worried that I had applied it incorrectly, but the next day, after risking wearing a medium-toned peach cotton t-shirt, I had NO sweating.  At all.  All day.  I even texted my hubby from work, I was so happy.

I used it the next night (Friday) and then not again all weekend.  I stayed dry and happy all weekend.  Simply amazing stuff.  I feel a huge sweaty weight has been removed from my shoulders."
"I just started using Ambien CR and like most of the people i was scared to take it because of all of these weird side effects that people experience but thank GOD it worked on me just fine. My doctor was gentle to me and she prescribed only 5mg and I must say it worked like a charm. I took it and half hour later (maybe even less) I was deep in sleep. I did sleep close to 5 hours and I must say I don&#039;t remember the last time I was feeling so refreshed and so rested. Other medicines I&#039;ve tried put me asleep but when I would wake up I would feel so groggy. I&#039;m finally happy to say that I found a medicine that works for me."
"I use tramadol all the time for pain and it does work better than hydrocodone or codeine.  It lasts a lot longer, the only complaint I have, is it&#039;s very expensive. "
"I&rsquo;m giving it a 5. That is 5 points for effectiveness and 0 for ease of use. It tastes like stomach bile with flint stone vitamin flavor. I have not had any other colonoscopies so I&rsquo;ve nothing to compare it to. I couldn&rsquo;t do it again though, I assure you of that. I&rsquo;ve only made it to this site to seek moral support for the poor souls that have gone before me with this kit."
"After a series of pain medications and even a course of prednisone to help with my costochondritis, my doctor decided to give this a try before seeking further intensive treatment. This is the first time I&#039;ve had relief from any pain, and while not clearing it completely, it does a pretty good job of reducing it significantly. I&#039;m only worried about prolonged use and haven&#039;t come across reviews regarding that yet. Would greatly appreciate anyone&#039;s view on that as well! Also, there is a coupon for $20 that you can download directly from the website, as this can be pretty expensive. Even with insurance."
"I have been sick for nearly 3 weeks now. I had pneumonia and a sinus infection. I had a full course of Levaquin and 60mg of Prednisone a day, and while it did help at first, it did not clear up the sinus infection. 2 days after taking my last dose I couldn&#039;t breathe and had the sinus infection trigger a migraine causing me to throw up on top of everything else. I was rushed to the Dr. where I was given 3 shots (Steroids, Rocephen, and Tordal/Zofran) and put on 500mg twice a day of Clarithromycin. This antibiotic has been a God send for me. Yes my stomach gets crampy, I have mild nausea, and very vivid dreams, but after 4 days of this medicine I am feeling so much stronger. I absolutely recommend it."
"Neurontin plus physical therapy for my previously unrecognized pelvic bone rotation has basically cured my vulvadynia which also involved horrendous skin irritation (raw, bleeding skin) in the area between my clitoris and vagina. What a miraculous combination! I strongly urge women to find out if they have nerve issues created by pelvic tilt/rotation/etc by going to a women&#039;s health/pelvic pain physical therapist. The therapy is sometimes painful but the results are great, and people who specialize in this are very very kind and sympathetic! Neurontin is the icing on the cake for the cure. Calms nerves and allows them to return to normal"
"Been on and off olanzapine for 15 years. Varying doses. As high as 15mg per day currently on 2.5mg per day. Dose wonders to reduce voices, anxiety, OCD thoughts, and i sleep like a log. On the down side I&#039;m way less creative and energetic. I have put on huge amounts of weight in the past but when I came off the med the weight disappeared quickly. Now I can control weight gain by simply not eating processed foods and carbs. No carbs means no olanzapine food cravings. I&#039;m still able to eat fruit sugars with no probs. I just eat lots of proteins  and vegetables. One major concern is my memory isn&#039;t as good, I used to be super sharp and I can&#039;t think as clearly nor process complicated concepts. Over all though it saved my life."
"Xanax simply stops to work when taken too long on a daily basis. At that point, one reaches &quot;tolerance,&quot; and the medication is simply no longer effective at that dose. Many psychiatrists tend to keep prescribing Xanax and other benzodiazepines at this point (strong, addictive tranquilizers that lead to dementia and Alzheimer&#039;s) as maintenance meds. It is then up to you to realize how bad they are and wean yourself off them, going through years and years of dangerous withdrawal. The best solution is don&#039;t even start! XANAX: NOT EVEN ONE!"
"I was on this pill for two months and was not impressed. I had random spotting a couple times a week, so it was like I was constantly on my period. Also during the second month, my hair started falling out. It was so scary, because my hair never really fell out a lot when I would shower, but on this pill I would be finding clumps of hair. Needless to say, I&#039;m switching to a different pill."
"I am in the same situation as above.  This is my fifth day of having hemorrhoids and have used ALL the over the counter medicines.  Proctofoam seems like it helps more.  This is my first day of use, so hopefully the swelling subsides soon.  Definitely better though."
"Flomax has improved my urinary flow and comfort and reduced significantly the number of distressing dribbles at the end of urination.  Unfortunately, Flomax also quickly reduced my sexual ability too, with softer, less frequent, and shorter lasting erections, and sometimes appears to cause premature ejaculations that never occurred before.  Taking zinc along with multi-vitamins appears to help.  I&#039;m still getting up at night to urinate but at least the flow is good.  My wife isn&#039;t thrilled about this, but I must be able to pee to live, and I can still live without much sex."
"My Dr prescribed pantoprazone for chronic cough. He thought the cough and hoarseness might be caused by GERD.  I quit after a few days because of the side effects. My osteoarthritis was so sore after taking this med that I could barely walk . I had ulcers in my mouth, my nose was tingling and I had horrible headaches.  Days  after quitting , I am having attacks of heartburn.  I had none before taking this med.  my advice is not to go near it!!"
"Only bad side effect ...it takes all the water out of your intestinal tract so when you go to take a dump it&#039;s like squeezing out a very hard dry brick! and it is NO JOKE! I highly advise drink lots of water before hand to lower the effects of this."
"I am 35 years old and have Been on and off Enbrel for 13 years. It&#039;s the only medication that keeps my AS under control. P90x stretching videos work so well for AS also."
"My mother was down to 78lbs.due to nausea.Phenergan had been the only drug her Dr.would prescribe. This continued for 3 months until someone told me about zofran. I asked if we could please try it, it was amazing.I&#039;m positive,if we hadn&#039;t asked about this drug,she would be dead from starvation ,due to nausea."
"I have had depression since I can remember. Lost lots of relations because of it. Got on it eleven years ago and have more friends then ever."
"I was put on 150 mg of Wellbutrin twice a day. It has completely helped my depression and amped up my sex life. Things could not be better. Our sex life has always been amazing but without the depression in the way its even better."
"I had the Implanon inserted in August of this year and I am getting it taken out next week. The whole time I have had it..all I&#039;ve done is bleed. It is only enough for a small tampon but it&#039;s irritating to bleed for that long. My cramps are worse, my mood swings are outrageous. I go from being happy and content to pissed off and full of rage in a split second. There doesn&#039;t even have to be a reason. I gotten hot flashes and gained weight."
"I took the first dose at 6pm last night and the teste was the nastiest stuff I ever had ..I did not read these reviews first , so I did not know about the keeping it cold or using a straw.. I did take a sip of water between every few gulps of the poison tasting liquid.. It barely worked on the first dose .. I waited a few hours and only went one time to the bathroom.. Today I took the 2 nod dose and was gagging as much as yesterday..This time I went to the bathroom sooner and a few more times..BUT I do not think I am totally cleaned out.. I had my first colonoscopy about 9 years ago  and took a million pills with no taste and worked perfect.. I hope I will be cleaned out enough to have my procedure done..."
"Used at night. Intense burning- after 20 minutes it was unbearable so rinsed everything out. Better- but still mildly burning. Don&#039;t use this product."
"Was taking 175 mg of Seroquel to sleep - experimenting with dosage. Felt overtired and crusty. Weaned down to 100mg, then 75 at nighttime. Active adult male who works out regularly, eats well, but gets agitated. Any less than 75 mg mental mania slowly starts back-unpleasant. Would like to not take but the doctor wants me to substitute Lithium. No change with hair loss and diabetes as side effects. "
"After having been on it for over 5 years I started to get very moody crying over anything. I&#039;m not a crier. Oh and vaginal dryness...not fun!"
"Dr tried to get me to switch to this from Ambien.  I finally gave in and was given six 15mg samples.  I am on the 5th night, and have fallen asleep 1 time before 2am.  Tonight I took it at 9:30 along with my melatonin ultra and benadryl.  It is now almost 12:30 and I&#039;m wide awake.  I&#039;ll probably get some sleep around 4a.m. like I generally do, but I will wake up feeling awful.  This drug gives me the worst feeling in the morning, like I&#039;m sleepwalking with a migraine.  I&#039;m going back on the Ambien."
"My doctor just switched me from 30mg of MS Contin to hysingla 20mg once a day. Mind you I have been taking the same thing for over 4 years. This hysingla is a joke!!! After 3 hours I was in so much pain I thought I was dying!! Felt like I was going to be sick, and not from the medicine, it was because I was in so much pain. Whoever said this lasts for 24 hours is completely ridiculous. Worst ever!!"
"If you have a low tolerance for pain: Request a Valium (for before), and strong pain meds for after the procedure. This was the most painful medical procedure I have encountered so far (and no kids yet!). My body went into shock and shortly after I fainted off the exam table into my boyfriends arms, like a true Scarlet O&#039;Hara. Extremely embarrassed, I made like a sloth and headed home to rest. The next few days were light spotting and manageable cramping. Moving fwd; your period will be more painful/heavier/longer. Take it easy when getting intimate after healing and invest in a heating pad!
All said and done; No pills, no hormones, no feeling it during sex or physical activities. It&#039;s the most practical BC on the market. Worth it!"
"I recently had the skyla IUD inserted while on my period was the best timers get it . I got it  about a month go and so far so good! I love it! During the insertion I felt pain for like 30 seconds of cramping a bit. I recommend taking ibuprofen at 600mg-800mg before. I felt a little dizzy after the insertion and felt better. I was protected right away due to my consistency of the pills. I took ibuprofen for 3 days for the semi cramping not severe at all. I&#039;ve been good ever since with no serious effects. I&#039;ve have been exercising and eating clean not having a hard time losing weight, no PMSing, no acne, and emotionally normal. I love not having to worry about pills anymore. I would strongly recommend it."
"I&#039;m 19 and my first week on escitalopram 5mg was hard. I felt worse than ever, my anxiety got worse, I had suicidal thoughts that I never had even though about before and I couldn&#039;t leave my bed. I was tired , had head aches and had a clenched jaw and got very jittery and my sex drive had gone completely, I am now on to week 3 but can already feel a difference. Already I feel more normal and my anxiety isn&#039;t to bad right now so I&#039;m happy I kept on using the tablets and hopefully it will get me fully back to old ways soon and can feel more me again. It gets better so don&#039;t give up on them !!!"
"I hate this medication. My doctor gave it to me and says to keep taking it in order to feel the effects but I took it a few hours ago, I have the shakes, I get so hot and feel totally out of it. I can&#039;t wait til this feeling is over. I will not take it again"
"I used this drug 15 years ago for situational depression.  At the same time, I quit smoking and have not picked up a cigarette since.  The freedom which comes from not being depressed or a slave to nicotine is priceless."
"This medication is awesome for suppressing my appetite and helping me lose weight.

I have lost a total of 23 lbs in 2 months taking 1 pill every other day.

I just cannot deal with the headaches, which is why I will have to stop taking them."
"I&#039;ve been taking Dexilant 60 mg. for 10 days now.  It was given to me because I felt like something was stuck in my throat.....esophagitis.  Well it worked taking care of that problem, thank goodness.  After taking for 5 days, I started getting really tired, then headaches.  This week the headaches got worse and couldn&#039;t sleep at night.  Also chest, ears, and scalp itching like crazy.  Then today I started having very bad stomach pain.  I thought about all these symptoms on the way home from work and it all added up.  I remembered that each evening I took the pill, about 30 minutes later the itching began and it was terrible.  I didn&#039;t take tonight, so hopefully the itching, stomach pain and headache will go away."
"Been taking this drug for 9 months w/o side effects. Sugar levels dropping, and having gradual weight loss."
"I hated it  I had heavy flow periods non stop all day everyday.  My son was conceived while  I was  on it . AND  I tried it again and pregnant again!  Maybe  I&#039;m just the unlucky one it doesn&#039;t work on but I&#039;m 18 yrs old and a mother  of almost  2."
"Been on this medicine for 2 months 50 mg, feel so much better and much more relaxed. So much better than Prozac which made me very full of anxiety."
"I&#039;m 31. Social phobia and depression since 6.
Works GREAT for melancholy. But I get very angry at times. It doesn&#039;t work for anxiety, phobias etc. That&#039;s a explosion of appetite for life (for sex, mainly), but if you have anxiety issues, can cause precoce ejaculation. 
The doctor gave me paroxetine 60mg (anxiety)  bupropion 150mg(Mdd), they help a lot.
For me therapy and gym are also important. 
Friends, give time to the medicament, be strong: every person has a inner beauty, a inner power to rebirth. The medication helps our body concerning the chemical imbalance, but our identity is the deep love that we have in our hearts.
I suffered panic attacks, sorrow, despair, but I have faith in medicine."
"Haldol was given to my mother for nausea/vomiting in her final days/weeks of battling colon cancer. Haldol worked great for nausea but the side effects were horrible. She was not drowsy, she was out! Not coherent, confused, wasn&#039;t able to eat and at times was agitated. Be very careful using this medication. It took two days after stopping the medication for it to leave her system and return to a normal state of mind."
"Have had sleep apnea for awhile and started using CPAP machine alone about 6 months before also adding Nuvigil. Nuvigil helps me get through my work shifts more effectively, especially when transitioning from working 3rd shift to having 3 days off and having to conform with a normal sleep pattern. I liken this medication to taking a 5 hr energy, but it is more effective and lasts longer. I still yawn, but my brain is fully alert and am able to concentrate like I haven&#039;t been able to in years. I&#039;m quite impressed - only side effects have been minor headaches a few days a month and at first a slight nauseated feeling. No jitters or nervousness - love it! Insurance co-pay was $45.00 but the Nuvigil Rx Savings Card brought my co-pay down to $5."
"I been on nexplaonon  for a year now an this is worst birthcontrol every my periods last up to 2 weeks an I have bad anxiety attack were it feels like I can&#039;t breath or catch my breath  an  never sleepy I&#039;m always up at night an,don&#039;t go to sleep until the afternoon I getting it remove asap"
"Zoloft pretty much saved my life. I was suicidal due to my trauma and many life failures. I hated the medicine at first, though. The adjustment period is horrible. I felt constipated, sweaty, sleepy, high and dissociated from the real world. Once you get past that (it takes a couple of months), it is great. I am so much more relaxed now. I used to be very aggressive and now I think about other people&#039;s feelings. Being depressed from my trauma, I was very tired. Zoloft made me more tired until I adjusted to it. Now it actually gives me energy."
"I am 30 and I have been taking Sprintec for about 11 months now, started taking it after the birth of my 4th child. Cheapest birth control ever! I have not had any problems with acne, abnormal cramping, lack of sex drive, or anything else. The last 3 months I have noticed headaches about the week before my period started but I figured this is due to getting older. Blood flow and period length is the same as it has always been on other birth controls. I know the exact day I will start and stop and am totally prepared."
"It works well for my anxiety, but tends to last longer than I need it to. Also I get an odd effect when taken with my Ritalin. It causes me to remain focused but on many random tasks so its some times counter productive at work."
"I have suffered from tachycardia for 25 years. I was taking Atenolol 25mg for years until it did not really work anymore. My Harley street heart surgeon told me to take also digoxin 250mg. 
I noticed right away my heart was beating more regularly, more stable. After two weeks I was thinking was I supposed also take the Atenolol pills. And started also taking them. That was not good, I was back to tachycardia.
I went back to see my doctor and told him that it was strange because first I thought that the new medication was working and then it did not work anymore. I asked if I have to take also the old medication Atenolol and he told me &quot;YES&quot;. After some time I decided to give up Atenolol and Digoxin works better alone !!!"
"I received a sample from my Dr.  To try before filling the script. Day I took the injection, I was fine. Day two had mild diarrhea. Day three, severe diarrhea &amp; can&#039;t eat. I have literally had 5 crackers &amp; a piece of toast in three days. Vomiting, horrible belching &amp; abdominal pain &amp; still more diarrhea.  I am fighting to stay hydrated. I have upset stomach with Metformin, so I should have know that this would cause problems. I&#039;m convinced that the reason you lose weight with this, is because you can&#039;t eat at all! I won&#039;t be taking a dose this week."
"I was diagnosed with psychotic depression for 7 months and my psychiatrist put me on zyprexa 5mg. After using antidepressants I got into mania. This medicine is a miracle. I was relieved in one week. I am still taking it but I became a bit hesitant to continue due to some horrible reviews. Tried Invega And had suicidal thoughts. This medicine is great for mood with combination with lamictal."
"I had been dealing with anxiety disorder and panic attacks for about one year. My doctor put me on Prozac - which gave short term relief but then terrible panic attacks. Since going on Zoloft I have seen a 100% decrease in panic attacks and anxiety. This medicine worked for me when nothing else would."
"As a college student with moderate IBS symptoms/overly sensitive stomach, sharing one bathroom with four people can REALLY be scary. Instead of having to climb out the window and run into the woods or bang on the door begging for mercy, popping a couple Pepto Tablets can REALLY help relieve the symptoms of impending doom. Mellows my stomach out within 5 minutes of taking, doesn&#039;t taste bad and gives me a sense of safety. Sometimes, your stomach still gets upset much later, which at that point is completely fine-it has to come out sometime, right? Generally speaking, it&#039;s usually great and I never get the upset stomach! I recommend to anyone, it&#039;s saved me many times and can do the same for you."
"I have taken Klonopin for twenty years.  Sadly, over the years I became resistant to the lower doses.  I am extremely dependent on it and it became &quot;necessary&quot; for the dosage to be steadily increased over the years.  I was all of the way up to 5 mg at night.  This had disastrous side effects...extreme confussion being the most alarming.  It was difficult to start to titrate down slowly.  After many months, I was down to 3 mg. and then down to 2.5 mg.  It was not easy and there were many restless nights filled with anxiety.  Over the last 6 months, I have decreased down to 1.25 mg.  I am struggling but determined to get off within the next year.  Do NOT let this happen to you!"
"I started taking Cymbalta and I noticed a difference immediately!  I felt more relaxed and happy in general.  I take Lamictal for Bi-Polar disorder and after finding that medicine alone not being enough, my dr prescribed Cymbalta.  I&#039;ve been in a pleasant mood with my family, friends and at work.  Not stressing out about leaving the house or having a busy schedule and getting anxiety about it.  It has also helped with my lower back pain I have been dealing with the last 3yrs.  It&#039;s only been 2 weeks and the only thing I can say is, I seem to yawn a lot and have less of an appetite.  If it messes with my sex drive and lowers it... I&#039;m off it."
"My quality of live has improved significantly on this medication. It has calmed my voices a lot and helps me to sleep at night. The weight gain is a problem but I guess I don&#039;t mind it because I am feeling so much better. The hallucinations and delusions are less frequent and I can think clearly and get on with other things. I also don&#039;t wake up with that hangover-like-effect in the morning. I think I have found my miracle drug."
"I am approaching 3 years on Nexplanon and do not regret it at all; I will certainly get a 2nd one. They only side effect I experience is irregular bleeding, however it is almost always very light. I personally manage this with washable, reusable cloth pantie liners. The benefits of high efficacy, low drug interactions, and little active management far outweigh the minimal side effects I experience."
"I started taking citalopram around 18 months ago, my husband had an affair and I got to the point where I was having a breakdown so Dr started me on 10mg a day, side effects were just tiredness\spaced out really,only lasted a few days 
After a couple weeks felt better, could control  panic attacks, felt calmer, after around 4/5 months it felt like it was wearing off so Dr increased to 20 mg, this dose made me feel terrible for about 10 days was like a zombie 
Then I felt great so much better, doubling the dose probably wasn&#039;t a great idea at the time but was worth it, anyway they work really well for me they just take a while to work. I now take 40 mg a day after falling In a deep depression my husband had another affair but now feeling great x"
"This medicine was awful for me. I felt nauseous taking it, moodiness and had a hard time staying awake after 3-4 hours. I also had a hard time driving during that time too. Do not like it"
"Nuvaring was very effective and easy to use especially during college.
My clinician helped me choose it after disliking the Depo because it took away my period. My favorite thing about it was that I knew when my period was coming and I could skip my period if I needed too. The only real side effect I thought I saw was a major decrease in my sex drive, but that also could have been because of the stress of college so I&#039;m not really too keen on saying it was really a side effect."
"Although only taking it for 3 months now -- I basically feel a lot better and the sugars are at a moderate level to lower. I do not feel as hungry as I usually do. There has been some problems with constipation, though not bad."
"I have severe acid reflex for the past 10 years and always have struggled finding relief until I found this medication back when it was called Kapidex, the name was changed because it sounded to much like the medication Aciphex. I started off taking over the counter medication, then went on to Prevacid when it was prescription at a very high dose. The beauty of this medication, unlike most other medications in the same category, when taken it begins to work and usually works for me longer than 24 hours, so if I miss a dose I do not have to worry my stomach will hurt and have diarrhea. The only downside to this medication and others like it is the depletion of calcium in the bones making a broken bone easier to obtain."
"I was on Flovent Diskus 250 mcg twice daily for approximately a year before I discontinued due to insurance dropping it and a lack of efficacy.

It really worked well for my daytime asthma symptoms, but did very little to treat my nocturnal symptoms. It didn&#039;t give me any side effects, though, which was nice."
"I will have been on Sprintec for 2 weeks tomorrow.
I&#039;m 15, and I&#039;ve been in a relationship for some time. Things were going amazing, and then I started getting very moody, angry, and would cry a LOT (still am).
We are currently on a break and I do not think this medicine helped anything emotionally for me. I have a history of depression and suicidal thoughts, but had been totally fine for a little over 8 months. Now, I had some thoughts today,have been feeling down for at least 2 weeks,  and I&#039;m supposed to be seeing my s/o to talk about all of this. I don&#039;t know if anyone is able to respond to these reviews, but should I ditch the birth control for a day and see what happens to my mood? Or call my doctor? If you can reply, please do.Thanks"
"I&#039;m in week 3 of my first packet and have broken out around my mouth and under my nose and it seems to be spreading.  I have had a couple breakouts on my chest as well."
"I was constipated for about 4  days. I tried Dulcolax on my 4th. I took one in the night. I woke to little cramps but I still didn&#039;t have bowel movement so I took a second one... when I tell it worked the next minute. I started having painful cramps for about 10 min. Then all of sudden it happened. Everything went out."
"Ok so I&#039;ve had nexplanon for 17 months, almost a year and a half. Since getting it put in I have gained roughly 25 pounds. I gained up to 30 pounds 4 months after getting it in. My weight will fluctuate about 5 pounds. I have dieted and exercised and will lose a few pounds but then it goes right back up. Also, my acne has gotten worst! It used to be just on my chin now it radiates up my cheeks too. I have gotten acne scars and stretch marks, bad stretch marks from gaining the weight and the acne. I also bleed everytime after having sex. My periods were nonexistent at first then spotting a lot, now I spot about everyday but not enough for a pad or tampon. I gave this bc a 5 is because I have not gotten pregnant."
"Serum sickness, type III immunologic  reaction.  Dx by allergist. Hand: swelling, tightness, rash; bilateral.  Feet: hive like rash;  bilateral.  Knee: swelling and rash; unilateral."
"HORRIBLE medication. This is my first review for anything but I felt I had to say something. I was on oxycodone 10/325 for years for chronic pain and never had a problem with side effects. Since being on Oxaydo, from day one, I&#039;ve felt sick. Stomach pain and burning, nausea, constipation, horrible headaches and bouts of dizziness not to mention I&#039;m in more pain now than ever. I&#039;ve barely left the house since I started this crap. While I think an abuse-deterrent is a great idea, something is not right with this medication."
"Just started taking Belviq 10mg twice daily.  My starting weight was 350.  Three days later I am already down to 345.  I am a 5&#039;5 40 year old woman.  Belviq worked for me immediately to suppress my appetite.  I am counting my exact calories daily and sticking to a 1200-1300 calorie diet.  I have not felt deprived and Belviq is keeping my hunger at bay.  I have not experienced any noticeable side effects.  I go back to my doctor in a month for a weigh-in.  I will re-post my results.  So far so good.  So far I would definitely recommend this drug."
"I have been taking Epclusa for 2 weeks, the first week was a terrific headache after 1 hr of taking it that subsided now the horrible joint pain and locked joint pain, I&#039;ve tested positive for RA which is a effect of Hep c, the # are increasing since on med. I have Geno 3 for 30 + yrs, will keep posting"
"I will start off by saying that everyone reacts differently to Implanon. I had mine inserted a little less than a year ago. The first few months were what I was told to expect, spotting on and off. At the three month mark I started bleeding badly for two months straight, took a week break then started bleeding again. For the last three months this has calmed down some, however I have started breaking out like a teen all over again. I have also noticed some weight gain and lots of hair loss. Good news? Well it does the job of keeping you un-pregnant."
"Works great. As soon as I take it my anxiety its gone."
"I take this drug at night.  I would not recommend taking it in the morning.  It has really helped my paranoia. I have been taking it since 2004."
"After having tried just about every medication. Zyprexa is the one that kept me asleep. Of course there are some mornings I wake up early. Like about 4-5 in the morning. Those nights are rare. As far as weight gain? It hasn&#039;t been an issue. And I wish everybody the best of luck while taking these medications. Because finding the right fit takes lots of patience:)"
"I&#039;m on my second pack of LoSeasonique, about five or six weeks away from my first &quot;real&quot; period on this BC. For the past few days I&#039;ve been experiencing brownish discharge (from blood) and moderate cramping. Other than that, no complaints really. The pill didn&#039;t clear up my skin but neither did my other one. I really hope this cramping stops now though, it&#039;s very painful. Enough that I can&#039;t go out much. I&#039;ve heard that it gets better once your body has adjusted but I don&#039;t know how long that will take."
"Only been on it one week, but it is starting to work! No nausea like I had with Asacol 400 mg."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3 months now and I just stopped it two days ago. I had a pregnancy scare because of the side effects that this pill will give you. It will literally make you feel like you&#039;re 1 or 2 months pregnant without actually having a human inside of you. It made me nauseous for the 3 months total, moody (like incredibly), bloated, veiny around the nipples, tender breast, really really sensitive nipples (if I was wearing a bra and a shirt and I slightly rubbed something against them, it would hurt), felt depressed, fatigue, and it even looked like I was like 3 months pregnant! I&#039;m not going to say that I don&#039;t recommend this pill because everyone reacts differently but this one obviously did not work out for me."
"I was prescribed and took the Azithromycin pack (Z Pack) when I came down with an acute case of Bronchitis. It was the traditional 2 pills at the first dose, and then 1 pill each following day. I started to feel a noticeable improvement by day 3, and was nearly completely better 7-8 days later. The medicine definitely worked for me, however, the side effects were strongly unpleasant. I had severe stomach pains, along with diarrhea, even when I did take the pills with food. Since the pills work for 10 days, i had the side effects for that long too.  Overall though, I happy I took the Z pack and it helped cure me quickly."
"My Mom was placed on Brillenta on 1/4/16 and was in the hospital. As soon as she was placed on the medication she complained of a funny feeling in her stomach. Was discharged 4 days later and still had a funny feeling in her stomach...which was blamed on anxiety. She continued to complain to doctors about this funny feeling up until taken back to the ER on 1-26-16 for the funny feeling...ultimately my Mom passed away on 1/27/16 with a GI bleed...I&#039;m very concerned it was caused by this drug!"
"Coughing worse after taking"
"My Mother had a severe allergic reaction to Lisinopril. She was taken to the ER for swollen tongue and shortness of breath. Her heart rate was high. When the doctor questioned her about her medicines for blood pressure. They immediately thought the reaction had been caused by lisinopril. She was the fourth case that they had seen. She had only taken it for about a month (10mg dose)."
"Stay away from this drug.  Real bad side effects. Tired all day. Anxiety, panic attacks.  Can&#039;t breath.  Short of breath. Feels like your organs is shutting down slowly.  They should lock the Drs up for prescribing this Poison medicine.  Wow. I thought I was dying.  And I think I came close.  It messes with your eye sight and all.  If you die and take this medicine. Its the reason. They will say you died from natural causes to stop a law suit. But this medicine is dangerous.  I wad only taking half of 25mg dang near killed me"
"I generally always have a headache but can get through the day with no problems. But recently my headaches really trigger my migraines and with them I get nausea, sensitivity to light, and extreme pain in my head! When I explained this to my doctor he prescribed Treximet and I am so glad he did. I take one pill on my onset of a migraine and within 30-60 minutes I have complete relief. I&#039;m so happy I found out about Treximet !"
"The side effects of this drug far outweighed the benefits for me."
"I have been on this drug for 2 months. It has definitely brought my blood pressure down to where it should be. Unfortunately, it is cost prohibitive because it is not covered in my plan D formulary.  $5.00 per pill is hard to swallow."
"This is the only thing that has worked for me. No more voices and I don&#039;t feel sedated the next day. They do have it in Black Cherry flavor and it is better than the regular which is horrible. I know it taste bad but it is the best thing I have found."
"I had the Implanon inserted a few weeks ago. Nothing unusual about my last period. However, I feel like I&#039;m going crazy. I lash out at everyone and an argument seems to be my new hobby. I hate it. I cry randomly for no reason and fatigue hits me all at once and its impossible to fight it. I run random fevers and I cramp bad at certain times. I&#039;ve had nothing but bad experiences from this thing. EXCEPT, its nearly impossible to get pregnant on it. I just can&#039;t deal with these emotions anymore. So, I am getting Implanon removed."
"I was stuck with a patient&#039;s bloody needle when he passed out unexpectedly and had to start Combivir for HIV prevention; given that said patient is active duty military (I am too), the chances of him having anything were minimal, but I chose to take it as a precaution anyway. The side effects were horrible: extreme fatigue, unrelenting daily nausea that I had to go and beg the doc to prescribe me zofran for, joint pain, can&#039;t eat more than a few bites of anything because I feel full, dizziness, and just general malaise almost like when you have the flu. Still got about two weeks to go on this stuff, hoping for the best,"
"Hi, I am also here to share my experience of using Ella One as I was also stressed and scared. I stupidly had unprotected sex with my boyfriend twice in a day however, at the time I didn&#039;t think anything about it as he has pulled out but after a couple of days I started having second thoughts and thinking what if I got pregnant and I wasn&#039;t due on my period until over a week. I decided to go and get Ella One on the fourth day after having unprotected sex. After taking it, I found this forum speaking about everyones experiences and decided to keep calm, relax and wait for my period. Week later my period came one day late! I had no side effects or anything, this pill is fab! Remain calm and Ella One will do its job ladies!"
"In the past 10 yrs. I&#039;ve had L-4/5 back fusion and the right sacroiliac fuses and screws removed....still much pain on sitting.  I&#039;ve had many injections/treatments that were all unsuccessful.  I&#039;d gotten so used to feeling bad that I&#039;ve just noticed after several months of taking Savella that I stay flushed, bloated, have problems urinating, headachy, flu-like stuffiness, blurred vision, nauseated, weight gain, among other symptoms.  I&#039;ve been in such a fog with the usual pain that on vacation I finally decided to look this possibility up.  It&#039;s a relief to know that I don&#039;t have to endure these any longer. I dread coming off of it, but I can tough it out to feel at least as good as I did before."
"Tasted like grape koolaid with a bleach chemical undertone. It wasn&#039;t pleasant to drink but whatever, just got it down   2 extra 16oz cups of water. Once it all took effect an hour later, I had to keep going to the toilet every few minutes, which went on for a couple of hours, and after a while it was just liquid. The worst part was having to get up at 4AM to do the whole ordeal again. And I was still runny by 1pm nearly 9 hours later. So the second dose really needs to be way before the appt. And the fasting is tough. Doctor said I was totally clean though. Colonoscopy showed a perfectly healthy smooth colon. Luckily I don&#039;t likely need to do this again for another 5-10."
"I was diagnosed w hsv1 + 2 around my buttocks about a year and a half ago. Ever since my initial outbreak I&#039;ve been taking 500mg of Valtrex daily. I&#039;ve never experience any side effects -- I also take birth control and drink regularly. I&#039;ve never experienced a full outbreak since the initial one. Sometimes when I go out of town I&#039;m not great about taking meds and I&#039;ll feel symptoms coming on after a few days of missing it, so I&#039;ll take 1g for a couple days and then that makes it go away. I don&#039;t *think* I have a severe case -- the initial outbreak was extremely uncomfortable, but immediately after taking meds the pain went away followed by the blisters healing. Quick recovery w valtrex -- I doubt I&#039;ll ever go off!"
"I went on Yasmine to get better skin for an upcoming event. It was the worst decision I could&#039;ve made! My skin has never been this bad! My chin is full of cystic acne. Big and red and they leave terrible scars, I have now been taking them for 2 months and it only seems to be getting worse. I also have gotten some on my back, which I normally don&#039;t. Also I have had my period now for 2 weeks with terrible cramps every day!! Usually I only have it for a day or two. I feel decrease in sex drive and have felt low since I started taking Yasmine. So far these pills have only been bad for me but I do believe and hope that the side effects will linger off as I continue using them! Hopefully this is just a horrible transition phase"
"The other day I had very heavy bleeding and went to the emergency room and they said it could be because this shot. I was bleeding so bad and heavy that I soaked through two towels. Today I was driving to go pick up food and started bleeding so bad it soaked through my seat, and through a sweatshirt! I would not recommend this birth control to anyone!"
"Zofran is a life saver! Works quickly and very well. I get bad anxiety and worry a lot which causes recent and sometimes unbearable stomach upset. One pill and I&#039;m good! I am so happy I found relief. It does cause constipation for me but I&#039;d much rather deal with that!"
"I had a severe toxic eruption from this medication. The inflammation, severe burning, itching, pain, and later the flaking of skin. It was horrible."
"I&#039;ve been on Claravis for one month. I noticed a smoother complexion within a few days! I had moderate acne starting around 13 years old, I&#039;m 25 now. I consider myself an attractive girl but not without make up. This is the first time in 12 years I have looked in the mirror and thought I looked pretty without make up. It&#039;s a great feeling! I can see my pores getting smaller and my blackhead disappearing more and more everyday. I&#039;m only experiencing 2 side effects, dry lips and a little nauseous anxiety. I have a doctors appointment today to discuss my side effects. I hope they are normal and don&#039;t get worse. I love Claravis."
"This is a great medication that is non-narcotic so you can get pain relief and still function.  Works well for cramps as well as back pain."
"Reading these reviews freaked me out. I took the 2000mg single dose (5 x 400mg tablets). I had a slice of toast with peanut butter and the filled my mouth with a sweet drink and didn&#039;t let the tablets touch my tongue. No taste at all other than the drink. No nausea. Nothing. Went to bed, woke up, BV gone. Happy days."
"I&#039;m going on month 3 on Jolessa and the bleeding hasn&#039;t stopped since the month prior. As a BC, its great cause I&#039;m not pregnant but the bleeding sucks. I haven&#039;t gained any weight which is great but I&#039;ve become super irritable. I had this same reaction to the depo shot. I&#039;m waiting on a doctors apt to change my BC."
"Took two at 8:00 pm. By 10:30 pm had severe cramps. Spent from 12:30-3:30 on the toilet with severe diarrhea. Had to take an Imodium to go to work the next morning as I&#039;m still using the bathroom every 30 min. I will throw the rest in the trash. One of the worst nights of my life. I&#039;ve used stool softener without such effects. Next time prunes and coffee!"
"I have been taking Ultram for about a month now. I had hip surgery in November 2008 and am still having some residual pain. It gets severe at times. Ultram works wonders, though ever time I take it, I do get very euphoric and excited. This lasts about 2 hours. This symptom has not decreased since I have been taking it, but has never interfered with driving or other activities."
"I&#039;m just starting my 3rd week.  Here&#039;s what I&#039;ve experienced:
- less frequent trips to bathroom at night.  1 or 2 vs 4 normal (but if I drink coffee after dinner, I revert back to 4 ... same with beer)
- no ejaculate .. while somewhat disconcerting, all still feels the same during intercourse, I close my eyes during MB and don&#039;t worry about it
- more consistent stream
- stuffy nose
- Dr gave me a coupon so I only pay $15/month.  You can also download same at Rapaflo website (may not work if you&#039;re on medicare)

I go back to Dr next week to see if blood still in urine, I hope not!"
"Used for post nadal drip.   Ineffective, horrible residue, sore throat, crackly voice, headache, one earache, and just did not alleviate original issue"
"I am 28 years old and have one child. I&#039;ve had my Mirena for about 4 months now. I was very scared and nervous for the insertion, from having read many people saying it was extremely painful and/or uncomfortable. It was no more painful or uncomfortable than my annual exam. 

I was in the middle of my period during insertion, and there was no more bleeding beyond the end of my cycle. Very slight cramping that I probably wouldn&#039;t even have noticed had I not been expecting it. 

The only thing I can say is that occasionally my cramps that I normally get during my period hurt differently. I&#039;ve still gotten my period each month.

I love the Mirena!! Highly recommended."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 3 years now and it&#039;s worked fine thus far. My weight maintained stable, no acne, I haven&#039;t had any more mood swings than I would if I wasn&#039;t on it and obviously I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant after having unprotected sex. My only complaint is that every once in a while I get some spotting for a few days."
"Lyrica really has changed my life by allowing me to sleep at night without all the leg pain.   Having both fibromyalgia and neuropathy  is a lot of pain but combined with my other meds I no longer suffer from nerve pain."
"I took Adipex (37.5) from February 2012-April 2012 and in that span of time I went from 300 lbs down to 170 lbs. That is a loss of 130 lbs. I hardly ate  anything but grilled chicken, fruit, and powerade. I walked at least 2 miles everyday. I got Pregnant at the end May 2012 so I had to stop taking it. My baby is now 2 years and 5 months and my weight has gone back up to a very uncomfortable 240 lbs. I still exercise regularly but not as often as I should. I have an appointment in 3 weeks to get adipex again and I am hoping and praying that I have the same results as before. This is a great aid in loosing weight for anybody who struggles with loosing weight by diet alone. Wish me luck...will update in 90 days!!!"
"Only complaint I have is that is falls off constantly. I always put on medical tape with it and it still falls off. Still working for me but its honestly irritating when it falls off all the time. I would have expected something that suppose to stick on not to peel off all the time. Would be better if it just stuck on the whole day!"
"I was giving Dilaudid in IV form after having an emergency laparoscopic cholecystectomy.  It was amazing!  As soon as it was injected into the IV site I was no longer in pain and was able to sleep.  I would have been nice if they had discharged me from the hospital with a prescription of Dilaudid rather than Vicodin."
"I have rheumatoid arthritis and take an aspirin per day for my heart. It is effective in relieving headaches, especially quick if the tablet is chewed. Read the side effects to receive best results. Dosage I use is two, repeated as needed every few hours. This based on my needs and experience."
"I experienced dizzy spells ,was drinking lots of water, and had a foggy brain, but once my body got use to the drug being in my system, I haven&#039;t had any panic attacks.I am feeling much better.My experience with escitalopram is a positive one."
"Started Contrave 7  days ago - absolutely no side effects - though still titrating up to the higher dose. I&#039;m 5&#039;3&quot; 220 lbs. Need to lose every bit of 100 lbs. Maybe notice some tummy issues today - but, they were symptoms of having eaten too much - need to change my eating patterns for sure. ~ Here&#039;s Hoping!"
"This worked like magic on my horrible, knife-like abdominal cramps and bloating. Within 30 minutes, my tummy felt great! But... Bentyl leaves me unable to work and barely functional. When I would take it, it would make me so confused I couldn&#039;t remember where I was, why I was there, or what I had just been doing. I would stop talking to someone mid-sentence and not remember what we were talking about or how I got there. I often couldn&#039;t answer simple questions. I also became very dizzy. I would only take it again if the IBS symptoms occurred at home and at bedtime. Such a shame. Nothing took away my pain like Bentyl did."
"A HORRIBLE DRUG. BEWARE I was diagnosed with pneumonia one week ago at the local emergency room. The ER doctor gave me 1 pill of Levaquin and I took 2 more from the pharmacy.  I took a total of 3  500 MG pills that gave me constant, deep, sore pain in my arms from my shoulders to my elbows. The pain was so bad on day 3 that I could hardly drive a car, put on a seatbelt, put on a shirt or turn on a light switch. I stopped taking the drug and went to my family doctor for a different antibiotic. Neither the ER doctor or the family doctor knew anything about muscle and tendon problems. I&#039;m really angry about this. I am over 60 with no big health problems and don&#039;t appreciate being poisoned."
"I have IBS-D so when I get constipated it&#039;s a serious deal for me. So I go to the store and grab this off the shelf. I take 2 tabs around 2:30pm. I work the night shift so I layed down for a nap. I get woken up at 7pm with these strong stomach cramps. I go to the bathroom and it&#039;s just a little gas but I don&#039;t move. Next thing I know it&#039;s like the next flood is happening. It&#039;s only 8:40pm and I&#039;ve had 3 bouts of diarrhea and I&#039;m nauseous.  Much worse than my IBS. There was nothing sensitive about this medication. Will definitely not use this again."
"I have been on this pill for a month now. I started using it about 2 months after I had my baby. So far it&#039;s a good birth control, the only thing I&#039;ll say is I used to have a  period for 7 days. Since I have been on the pill my last period lasted for 2 weeks. Then 2 days later it came back on and I have been spotting ever since then. The other side effect, I&#039;m moody and no sex drive."
"I just started my Forteo. I am 49 yrs old. I have hashimoto Thyroiditis, auto immune hepatitis, auto immune pituitary disease and rheumatoid arthritis. Also asthma from childhood. I&#039;ve been on steroids every day for 7 years as well as other immunosuppressive drugs. I have osteoporosis of lumbar spine which I have been treated by pain management doc because orthopedic changes significant and orthopedic unable to help. Rheumatologist reinforced necessity of treatment since there is no end to need for steroids in the future. Shots easy to give.... simple step by step guide to assist at first. Knock on wood....no major negative effects at this point. Too early to know much but am very hopeful."
"I love Lutera. I&#039;ve been using it for the past 6 or 7 months. The only problem I have with taking it is that I forget to take it. Since taking it my periods have been shorter and lighter and on time."
"I&#039;ve struggled with moderate acne the past several months and finally went to the dermatologist.  She prescribed Ziana gel at night as well as Epiduo for the mornings, an oral antibiotic, and Cetaphil Dermacontrol face cleanser and moisturizer.  Like others, the first week of using Ziana gel made areas on my face where the acne was worse slightly red and peel.  However, I have noticed a HUGE difference in my skin and it&#039;s only been a week. I also have been drinking a lot of water (hydrating from the inside out) as well as using regular Cetaphil after I apply the gel at night. The day I saw my dermatologist, I also had a facial done after my appointment so I think that has helped me not have the &quot;purge&quot; phase some people are talking about."
"very effective, results almost immediately. To find this after 50 plus years of dealing with HAE is fantastic"
"Now have 8 weeks completed with Otezla. The side effects are getting better. Less trips to the bathroom, nausea gone. Skin is getting better. Still have visible patches on my legs, but they are less angry looking. The itching has been reduced also. Taking 30mg twice a day."
"I am currently taking Minocycline and I just got a face peel a week ago.  A few days after my face peel, my face still wasn&#039;t improving very well. I started using my Epiduo cream and my face is almost completely clear.  It has made my face dry and it burns pretty bad, but with lotion, it isn&#039;t bad at all.  I am very impressed. I am sure that the medication and the face peel has both made an impact on my face, but the Epiduo is helping a lot!  I was skeptical of using this product since I have read that the acne will get worse before it gets better. That has not happened to me."
"So I went on ability about a year to two years ago and it made me gain 50lbs in less than 6 months. A lot of my depression ties into my self worth and body image issues so gaining so much weight (A long with hundreds of stretch marks) definitely damaged my self worth and thus making my depression worse. Plus I didn&#039;t feel like it made any difference in my life whether I took it or not. Worked for 2-4 weeks then quit working"
"Im 20 and Im on week 4( 2 pills in the morning and 2 at night) i am 16 pounds down already. I am experiencing mild nausea, but it&#039;s only when I eat certain things. Once I throw up, I feel much better. I am trying to include more fruit into my diet to compensate for the food I have been throwing up. I have heard these symptoms don&#039;t last but 2 weeks max. If they last longer than that, I&#039;m going to go back to the 2 pills in the morning and 1 at night since I did good during that. This pill has been great at eliminating my cravings. No constipation or headaches so far."
"Was on Humira for 11 years, which stopped working. Enbrel, horrible reaction. Started Simponi in 
April. It took about 2 months to kick in, but now working great!  Sleeping  better than ever, have only had 2 days of minor pain. Only thing that is still challenging is the fatigue. Very happy with results and love the once a month injection."
"I was on 3 different antibiotics none helped to rid the UTI. I was then given bactrim, my second dose I felt so bad I felt like going to the ER. My head hurt day and night, I was nauseous just couldn&rsquo;t function. I called the doctor, he told me to continue taking it, it is a strong medication. He said if I couldn&rsquo;t take the pills he would have to give it with an IV antibiotics. I am being told I have this UTI and it is so bad that&rsquo;s what I have to take. I have no symptoms of a UTI."
"I was taking Natazia for about a year 1/2 or more. It wasn&#039;t until recently that my doctor&#039;s office stopped carrying this as a free sample. I was put on a different form of birth control that my insurance covers. I have been on this for a month and I noticed fairly noticeable slight differences in the two. I almost never had periods on Natazia which I thought must be a bad thing. I also never had PMS on Natazia which was fortunate. Now on this new birth control I feel like I am 18 again emotion-wise. My period was actually a NORMAL period like I used to get when I was never even on birth control. I never even used tampons on Natazia because it was so light. I had to go buy tampons for the first time in 6 months or more due to discontinuing Natazia."
"Effective, yet EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE for folks like me who don&#039;t have prescription coverage (insurance).  Wish there was a generic form of this.  This medicine has the least amount of side-effects and is very effective for me."
"I went to the Dr. today for a medication refill, and happened to have a migraine which was getting to the point of vomiting. When the Dr. came in, he gave me a sample which I took in the office. Within an hour, it was gone, without the weird side effects of Imitrex and Relpax."
"This drug works!  This is going to sound hard to believe but from the first dose of this medicine I have not had a single craving for alcohol.  I have been drinking for some 40 years and heavily for the last 10.  Needless to say, I was completely shocked at the results.  That said, the side effects have been a little tough.  I&#039;m only a week in but the diarrhea has been an issue for about an hour after each dosage.  I am hoping that will end in the next day or so."
"I have been on Enbrel for about 8 years and it has been the best experience for me. I had to go off of it for a short time due to surgery and my husband had to help me up out of bed and to even walk because I was in so much pain without it. It is a life changing experience that I don&#039;t know what I would do without it."
"This medication has helped me out very much.  I used to get anxiety attacks often about school or work, a couple times a week but now I rarely get them at all.  I also used to just &quot;blow up&quot; in arguments with my wife but now I feel in control of my actions and speech."
"I had this birth control since March 30th 2015 and on April 9th the non stop bleeding started it is now June 6th and I&#039;m still bleeding so my love and sex life has gone out the window but my boyfriend is very supportive . Other then the bleeding I am fine I just hope the bleeding goes away I might have to start the pill for a while"
"I had been getting up more frequently, recently 5x/night.  I have other sleep issues, uncontrolled sleep apnea while on BiPAP, so waking more often left me sleepy.  I then had surgery for an inguinal hernia.  The anesthesia shut me down, I couldn&#039;t urinate and was catheterized.  The doc put me on tamsulosin with immediate results.  I generally get up once now.  No side effects."
"I have taken this medication for severe sciatica nerve pain and neuropathy and over all it has been the best pain reliever I&#039;ve ever taken. Far better than lortab that really does nothing for this type of pain. I also have degenerative disc disease and it helps with this also."
"2-1/2 months of low-grade migraine (from old whiplash accident and cervical spine damage). Saw my neurologist (specializes in migraine) and she put me on a steroid pack. Migraine stopped within a day but then started blotching on face and chest, having allergic reaction. After stopping, got HUGE rebound headache. Went in for my 1st time of Depacon via IV, which made me loopy, nauseous, uncomfortable. This happened for 4-5 hours 2 days in a row. Migraine was pretty much gone. Then put on Depakote at night by pill. Made me feel a little loopy but OK. So first night I was restless, nutty dreams but slept. 2nd night woke up at 2 a.m. awake and cleaned house, folded clothes, etc. Not tired yet at 5 pm. "
"Works great for cough."
"This is my third time over the past 10 years doing this treatment.  I&#039;m scheduled for 4-6 weeks treating my legs, stomach and chest areas.  I like that the medication seeks out and treats damaged skin only.  My stomach has only 3 small spots.  However my legs and chest area that have been far more exposed to sun have a much more aggressive reaction. The pain, redness, swelling and sores are extremely painful however my history reminds me that in 3-4 weeks I will be finished and my skin will look and be much better.  Skin cancer gone and baby smooth new skin. It&#039;s affordable, and a more complete overall treatment that definitely works.  Stick with the plan you don&#039;t be disappointed !!"
"I been taking 200 mg for about 4 years now . But the problem is it&#039;s no longer working for me. My doctor doesn&#039;t want to give me anything that&#039;s addictive but I don&#039;t have a addictive personality over the past 4 or 5 years I have tried at least 5 different pills but none helped but hydroxyzine is good but once you get it build up in your system it no longer works . ( well at least not for me ) but everybody body&#039;s different ..... So good luck"
"I had tried many times many promises all to no avail. Now I get to enjoy my grand kids. Had I not quit smoking there is no doubt I would not be with them it&#039;s been 5 yrs now thanks Chantix."
"I started NuvaRing when I was 15, I don&#039;t trust the pill and have only had nuvaring,(recently switched to skyla.) I was on NuvaRing for 5 years. I liked it. It did get a little annoying because it would sometimes start to hang low due to certain sex. Helped with cramps, but periods got confusing. Found out  I misused for a few months to a year, messed up my timing on my calendar. But I was still fine. I recommend it."
"I am 25 and I have been on Depo-Provera for about 3 years. My mother is my doctor so she warned me about the weight gain. I somehow lost 5lbs once I started taking it. My weight has been up and down for the past 2 years but I don&#039;t think it is due to the shot. Its my love of food. Anyways, the shot is great; every 3 months. I haven&#039;t had a period for 3 years. Spotting every now and then but that&#039;s okay. I am very worried about getting off of the shot but I will prepare for that when the time comes."
"Medication burned a layer of my face off!"
"I&#039;ve been on this birth control for almost 2 weeks now, and there have been no negative side effects: no moodiness, no pimples, no weight gain or loss etc. I&#039;ve also already noticed my skin slightly less pimply (although this might have to do with certain times of the month/hormones, we&#039;ll see). If anything I&#039;ve noticed my mood become more stable and happy. So far so good!"
"I am a 42 year old male who suffered from drug abuse, severe depression and social anxiety disorder. While seeking help for crystal meth addiction my psychiatrist prescribed Lexapro (10mg then 20mg). It took over 5 months of daily use before I started to feel better but now I can say that Lexapro has really changed my life for the better. I have been crystal meth free for two years now and actually enjoy being alive. I also interact with people much more and look forward to the future. Minor side effects included bruising (when taken with aspirin), trouble sleeping, increased sweating and hyper-activity, all of which disappeared after lowering my dose from 20 to 10mg. This medicine has been a life saver."
"I was on this for 3.5 months as directed and it literally did not work at all at any dosage. I started with one spray, graduated to two after a few weeks, then three after about 8 weeks. It didn&#039;t seem to diminish my symptoms at all. I was having several hot flashes an hour and terrible insomnia. I switched to a patch 3 days ago and haven&#039;t had one hot flash and I&#039;ve been sleeping more sound. Wish this could have worked for me. I&#039;m not sure if it has to do with how thin my forearms are? No idea but it was like I used nothing at all."
"I am a Certified Spin instructor and I currently take and/or teach 6 classes per week. Have done so for years and before that I was a high impact aerobics instructor which is where I probably did my damage. I also ride my road bike appx 50 miles a week. I suffer from OA and torn meniscus ( 2 places) in my left knee only. I had shot #1 and taught the same day. I immediately noticed a slight improvement with a feeling of increased stability. I no longer take Ibuprofen as needed which was usually only before spin classes. I have #2 tomorrow so I&#039;m hoping for more improvement. BTW the shot easier than the Cortisone shot."
"I have OSAH and for the couple of years before this medicine- I couldn&#039;t drive more than 1 hour, or focus at work - I would fall asleep - regardless of the amount of sleep I got at night.  My CPAP helped, but still dozed off during the day. Since Nuvigal things are better, but still have some sleepiness if I have a rough week of less than 8 hours of sleep at night. Insurance pays most, but THANK YOU to the manufacturer who helps cover a portion, or else it would be costly."
"REDBOXES -Week two done, down 9lbs in all.  Did no exercise this week due to sickness.  Rested and slept all week.  Still on .6 and have no cravings and I am in full control of what I am eating.  No side effects now.  I trying to keep my calories up to 1200 per day.  The reason I am not increasing my dose is that I have to pay out of pocket for the whole thing.  This is helping me loose weight and if I don&#039;t put the dose up it will save me a ton of money."
"I was originally taking a daily pill : Scronyx, which caused my blood pressure to spike, so the next best thing was the the IUD, I went with Liletta. 
The insertion was painful yet tolerable, the pain lasted for a few days.
The bleeding was the worst part, I was bleeding heavily for two months straight, I was beginning to get concerned so I went back to my Dr she told me that women can bleed for three-six months so I thought I&#039;d deal with it. I have reached month seven I&#039;m still getting my monthly that last 9 days, and my mood swings are just awful. The only good thing about this IUD is I have lost a few pounds. 
I wouldn&#039;t recommend this to anyone."
"Inhaler from allergist didn&#039;t help breathing problems. I always felt the fresh air I breathed in only got half way down and then hit a filter of some sort. Had wheezing/whistles every day at the end of my exhale. Inhaler didn&#039;t help. Out of breath over the slightest activity.  Got an prescription from family practice doc for this. This has eliminated my wheezing and out of breath feeling. I&#039;m allergic to just about everything year round. It did not eliminate my need for allergy medication but it has made my breathing perfect. I wouldn&#039;t ever want to do without this medication. "
"I had a high fever and was treated with Augmentin for a sinus infection but it turned into pneumonia.  I was given Levaquin for 14 days 500 mg.  It helped the pneumonia but it is hard on your stomach and I have now developed plantar fascitis."
"I took junel fe birthcontrol for a week I stop because I started feeling sick three days later I came on my period I been on my period for a week now ever time I eat something I throw up I feel sick on and off threw out the day I have back pains this my first time taking birthcontrol ever"
"Works the best if you only take it once or twice a month.  I&#039;ve had problems with rebound headaches, even when I take this with sodium naproxen.  It can also leave me feeling a bit groggy."
"I was so nervous about getting this shot - and believe me, it was a piece of cake!  It was slightly uncomfortable for about 2-3 seconds, but no screaming pain.  After a few days I did notice a reduction in pain.  I am now about 4 weeks out from the shot and my knee feels wonderful!  This shot has been totally worth it for me.  I will get another one when needed with no hesitation."
"Did not work for me, caused worsening of Psoriasis. I developed Psoriasis lesions in areas I never had before. Very dissatisfied, I was hoping it would really help since I read a lot of successful stories. I have had Psoriasis for 23 years and treated it with topical steroids and moisturizers. 2 years ago I started Otezla which worked for about 18 months. I started developing lesions on my hands. Then after starting Humira I developed lesions on the bottom of my feet and palmar aspect of my hands.  Systemic medications have actually caused my Psoriasis to worsen. If you can control it with topicals avoid systemic medications.  I am regretting taking these medications, there is no going back now. Now topicals don&#039;t work at all."
"Having bad experiences with hormones in pills causing mood swings and acne I wanted to try the non hormone Paragard and I was SO scared of insertion I read horror and good stories on it and almost backed out but I didn&rsquo;t... A hour and a half before I took two midol and listened to music with one headphone out so I could hear the doctor and braced for the worst and it wasn&rsquo;t painful at all more like annoying! A slight pinch and a little bit of cramping and so quick he said &ldquo;I&rsquo;m almost done&rdquo; and I was in shock how fast it went - not even 5 minutes that I had been there, more like 2-3 and it was over! Definitely thankful and so far so good. Worth a try."
"Just been on this for 2 days. Don&#039;t know if I&#039;m gonna go but one cap=1000 facts!! If this can make me go without the pain I experienced with ex lax I&#039;m all in :) Took xlax a week ago and 12 hrs later every inch of my body was sweating from my eyebrows to my Nuckles. I didn&#039;t know knuckles could sweat.  After an hour of extreme pain and making baby Jesus all kinds of promises I finally went.  I started the miralax the next day and I have not gone but I&#039;m sure it&#039;s coming.... The problem with the gassy side effect is I work with one other person in an office.  Who do you blame it on?  Lol"
"After years of knee problems and taking cortisone I was recommended by a knee specialist to try Synvisc One injections.  After approximately $635 and an extremely painful injection (much more painful than cortisone) I had absolutely no relief whatsoever just a waste of time and money.  Now I am back on cortisone injections until they can come up with another alternative :("
"When I first was put on Abilify I thought I wouldn&#039;t be able to take it. I constantly had to move my feet. I developed restless leg syndrome. I hung in there and kept taking it. After a couple weeks had passed, the restless leg stopped. I have now been stable on Abilify for 4 years now. My mood swings are non-existent now. I don&#039;t have the emotional ups and downs that I used to. However, I have gained 34 pounds since starting this medicine. My doctor would like me to switch to Geodon, in hopes of losing the Abilify weight. I am scared to switch since I&#039;ve done so well on the Abilify. But I must lose some weight and get my cholesterol down, since Abilify also raises cholesterol. Besides the weight gain, I&#039;ve been thrilled with Abilify."
"I&#039;ve been taking Concerta for nearly five years now and just recently it hasn&#039;t been working as well as it used to. I was diagnosed with ADD in 6th grade and was then prescribed this medication. I&#039;ve been taking it ever since. But back in May, I started to notice that I was having a much harder time focusing. It was almost like I hadn&#039;t taken it at all. This was very unfortunate since at that time I was having my end of year exams. I&#039;ve also seen that others have been having the same problem. I&#039;m looking forward to having this sorted out because my ADD is very bad and makes it very hard just to function in everyday life."
"I&#039;ve had the Skyla for six months now. I didn&#039;t find the insertion to be that bad- there was definitely pain but it&#039;s so brief it&#039;s manageable. I was given a prescription for misoprostol to take the night before and I had it inserted during my period. I had cramps and bleeding for several hours after and then it was fine. For the first couple of months I don&#039;t really remember how my periods were, but starting in July I started getting them about every two weeks, with bad cramping the first couple of days and they&#039;re pretty heavy. They tend to last 6 or 7 days. At my six week checkup they did an ultrasound to make sure it was placed right and saw that I had developed a cyst, but my doctor wasn&#039;t worried about it. I also gained weight."
"I&#039;ve had Crohn&#039;s disease since 05&#039; and I struggled through high school with flares, pain, and just off balanced white blood cell count.  My doctor put me on Remicade when I was a junior. And a few days after I could barely walk, my legs were killing me, but to be it was worth it because I had somewhat of my life back. The summer I graduated we decided it would be easy to switch to Humira since I was going off to college.  It&#039;s my senior year and this summer will be my fourth year on Humira and I&#039;m actually just having my first flare since starting Humira. They say they don&#039;t work forever but I at least got 3 and a half years out of it. Plus Humira helped pay for the cost of the medication"
"I told myself I would review this pill if it worked. I was freaking out because it was my first time taking the pill and first time a condom ever broke on me. The time it broke was near my ovulation date too.  I was trying not to freak out but my symptoms didn&rsquo;t match too many people on here. A week and a half before my expected period my breasts became swollen and tender (much more than usual) and my nipples were extremely sensitive. I was breaking out like crazy too. I&rsquo;m not sure why I had such intense side effects, maybe because I&rsquo;m just over 100 lbs.  My period ended coming a couple days earlier than expected thankfully :)"
"I have been taking Valtrex as a suppression for 2 years right after my initial Hsv2 outbreak, which was THE WORST pain of my life, urinary retention, had to wear a catheter. I refuse to come off this drug because it scared the living heck out of me. I never want to go through that EVER again. Valtrex is my savior drug. My gyno put me on it right after the initial. Cleared me up fast and I have zero side effects (I literally don&#039;t even know I&#039;ve taken the drug) I asked if I can stay on it, as I am more terrified of getting anything like my initial outbreak. Since I have been on Valtrex I have not had any outbreaks but 1 little sore per year will pop up.I even skip days sometimes, but if I do I have this constant itch. Keeps Hsv2 away."
"I have had sleep disorders all my life since I was about 12. I am now 60. I have sleep apnea and have been using a sleep machine now for 10 years. I too am a worry wart and when my cortisol kicks in, I&#039;ll go for weeks without sleep. I&#039;ve  always used over the counter sleep meds 25mg. Doxylamine off and on for 25 years afraid of addiction to them. I FINALLY asked my doctor about the usage and he gave me 100% ok on this stuff. Now I take one pill every night- get my 8 hrs, which is a new and wonderful experience for me! I prefer taking a little blue pill every night, and sleeping  great than to spend one more night awake.  I can only recommend doxylamine. Much less dangerous than taking prescription drugs for sleeping."
"I gained about 5lbs just in my butt since using this birth control. I&#039;ve even gone mostly vegan and can&#039;t seem to get rid of it. The only positive about this birth control is I feel pretty sane on it and have regular periods."
"10 weeks pregnant and found out I had a bladder infection/urinary tract infection. Doctor first prescribed Macro. Those were the worst 3 days ever. I could not stop throwing up. The smell of food made me nauseous. I was weak and did not move from the bed for 3 day which is not like me at all. I am a very active person. I called the on-call doctor on Sunday night and she told me to stop taking Macro and to come in tomorrow to get the Rocephin shot. I have to say just from one day of being off Macro I already feel better but not 100%. I took the Rocephin shot and started to feel better little by little after 3 hours. I expected for the shot to hurt a lot. However, it only burned a little for a short period of time."
"Hey, does anyone have severe allergy-like reactions after stop taking Harvoni? I was genotype1b, and was prescribed a two 28-days of Harvoni. My medical report says the virus was undectective after my first blood test after taking the medication, roughly about 28 days. I felt very happy about the result. But, I kept feeling like I got a strong flu and allergy reaction, sneezing, coughing and running nose. First thought I was catching cold since I was in the office, the AC was pretty hard. And my house was surrounded by a lot trees, I may got severe allergy reaction. (Only this year starts the reaction, I never felt like that ever before). Now I started to think if it&#039;s the medication gets me that strong reaction. It affected my sleep too!!"
"I&#039;ve been using Epiduo for maybe 4 months now. I use a pea-sized amount all over my face every night. I have to say, it didn&#039;t do wonders for my skin. It caused peeling, dry patches, and super sensitive skin. Whenever I wash my face with Cetaphil, it burns. Moisturizing my face burns as well. I know it&#039;s suppose to get worse before it gets better but I&#039;ve just seen no improvements.

It wasn&#039;t for me but maybe it&#039;ll work for you :)"
"HIGHLY SUGGEST IT!

My acne isn&#039;t the type you see on the proactive commercials... the type I have is deep, hard, and typically really difficult to &quot;pop.&quot; Mine is all on my cheeks but concentrated around my right jawbone and neck, and it hurts extremely bad when touched. It looks like I&#039;ve been stung by bees, and is extremely red. No topicals worked,ranging from proactive to prescriptions.

I took solodyn back in &#039;11; I was 19 at the time. It started working within the first month, and by the time fall came around (August) I stopped wearing makeup (acne was GONE!). In 2012 I tried Doxycycline, but it made me SICK and gave me a debilitating headache.. Solodyn has NO side effects for me. I am happily back on it :)
(insurance gets it to $35)"
"In the beginning I did get headaches they lasted maybe about 3 wks. I have been on Qsymia for almost 6 wks. I lost 13 lbs the first 3.5 wks. I haven&#039;t lost a lb since. I don&#039;t understand, I have actually gained 2 of those back. it did not curb my appetite at all. I would say it did give me a little more energy. I did not get constipated as I hear you get however it does make soda taste horrible. I don&#039;t know how I am feeling about this. I have been walking and exercising and changed the way I eat so I just thought I would have seen more of a result especially for the money. I am going to try one more month and see what happens."
"I also have been using Privine drops for a number of years. It is the best and mildest of any of the decongestant drops on the market. It&#039;s too good, which is the reason why I can no longer find it on sale anywhere. "
"I was very pleased with Integra F to treat my Iron Deficiency Anemia.  I took Iron for anemia about 15 years ago and it caused alot of stomach problems (nausea &amp; vomiting, constipation).  I have had no negative side effects from Integra (even taking 2 a day) and my blood levels are slowly rising toward a normal level."
"I&#039;ve had my sklya for a little over a year, the insertion was fine, it was just like getting a pap, didn&#039;t feel anything. My period had been normal up until my 1 year mark came around. I thought it might be possibly going away but it just seems to be spotting more here and there, it could also be because of my weight training at the gym as well. But it kind of worries me so I might make an appointment just to make sure its nothing else. Over all it does its job, I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. My husband would complain here n there depending on positions during sex that he could feel something poking and would ruin his vibe. I mentioned it to the Dr at my well womans check and she trimmed the strings and he hasn&#039;t complained since."
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for 4 months, I thought that I just started having symptoms since I&#039;ve been bleeding for almost 2 weeks, n I&#039;m a week from my actual period.. But I&#039;ve lost weight, moody, depression a lot, but the bleeding I can&#039;t take..."
"Awful experience with this drug after taking it for 5 weeks.  Started on 40mg for 4 weeks, then went to 80mg.  Stopped using it after 1 week on 80mg.  All adverse symptoms became much worse and no relief for ADD at all.  Extreme tiredness, dizzy when sitting up, insomnia, intestinal pains and moderate burning during ejaculation.  Was formerly using Adderall for 20 years which worked great, but because of a recent heart attack at age 50, my doctor recommended a change to Strattera.  To me, this medication was just awful.  The worst of the side effects were complete lethargy/sluggishness and insufferable insomnia. Now I will continue to look for another Adderall replacement or asking my doctor about possibly trying a lower Adderall dose."
"20 y/o female being treated for anxiety. I have been on Zoloft, Lexapro, and am now coming off of fluoxetine to switch to Viibryd. Lexapro made me feel like I was just physically present, I only went through the motions of life, I felt lifeless. Zoloft made me sleep all day, I could sleep for 12 hours at night and take two naps and do the same thing the next day. I really loved fluoxetine, it really worked for my anxiety however some days on this medication I would go into a deep depression but only for a night. I have lost all my libido being on fluoxetine, which is my main reason for switching. Would recommend trying this because I have also heard many success stories from others I know on it."
"Okay. Here&#039;s the deal. My body was not thrilled about this change. When it was inserted 3 years ago it was excruciating. I could barely stand. Then I had the same damn pain for 6 months STRAIGHT. And this pain is best described as the worst poop ever. It hurts. It feels like there&#039;s a soccer team practicing in your uterus 
With a heavy period every two weeks. Then the ovnoxious pain would only come when I had my period which thankfully went from every two weeks to once a month and then to kinda rare. Only occasionally. But the pain was still so unbearable that I had to get prescription pain medicine. That didn&#039;t work. However. I figured it was worth it. So I left it in. Here I am 3 years later and still bad cramp"
"I have been dealing with severe hot flashes for 2 years. Once I started 30mg of Cymbalta daily the hot flashes immediately stopped. It has now been 2 months and they are slowly returning, but they are milder than before."
"I have cystic fibrosis and severe back/neck pain. I needed a stronger medication due to the cystic fibrosis and found that Percocets just made me extremely nauseated. Nucynta can be taken on an empty stomach, and while I experience slight tiredness that was about all. However as time progressed I discovered that it became somewhat less effective and I had to bump up to 10s. When this happened I started having pronounced muscle spasms and issues with regulating my body temp. Also there is no generic so I averaged about $117 per dose. Overall I was pleased with the medicine.  "
"Ok into week 3 now.. Started on .06ml and Starting weight 86kgs just weighed myself tonight after gym 81.55kgs so almost a 5kgs loss. Its definitely a visible loss around my waist. 
Although I did jump to 1.2ml in week 2 and started 1.8ml in week 3 but had to drop back to 1.2ml as it was way too strong and nausea killed me. Will stick to 1.2ml for the time being seeing good results with 4 1/2 pens still to go. 
Looking promising :)"
"I started taking this medication I was 88 pounds 5&#039;3, and sickly looking people thought I was on drugs. I had no appetite and hated how my clothes looked! Taking this medicine I am now 130 pounds and eat like a horse I gained really fast too!! It doesn&#039;t make me tired but my tolerance is high.. Im prescribed medical marijuana as well which is a help also! I recommend both and CBDs."
"I just started taking this medication for anxiety and panic disorder it seems to be helping already but I&#039;m only on 25 milligrams going to up it to 50 tonight I hope it works if anyone can give me feedback I would appreciate it"
"This drug is EXCEEDINGLY helpful at managing my moderate Cardiac pain from Hypertrophic Obstructive Cardiomyopathy as I await my Open Heart Surgery! Vicodin which is the same chemical but is 5/500 instead of 7.5/500 is to weak, and I have found that Percocet, is to Strong, it makes me not function normally.  Lortabs takes most of the pain away, yet leaves my brain basically intact. It is a happy medium pain reliever for my moderate pain!"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for several years now. I used to get debilitating cramps and ovarian cysts that put me in the hospital. So I love the pill for that...but now, the pill is the reason for my dead sex drive. And I don&#039;t know what to do. I have spoken to my doctor and my obgyn, and nobody seems to care enough to help me. I hate condoms, I can&#039;t feel anything. Just frustrated now..."
"This medicine did not help me."
"Bipolar 2 with psychotic features (voices/some visual when it&#039;s real bad) Week 3 of Latuda now on 120mg to replace 800mg of Seroquel. Last dose of Seroquel will be this Thursday. Taking Lithium, Lamictal (I like this one too), Topamax, several more psych meds as required, and asthma meds. Latuda is GREAT! My mood is slightly on the manic side, but sleep is perfect, so a little (safe) fun is just fine by me. Everybody around me has noticed the change. I&#039;ll let things settle for a couple months and ask the psych to drop the Topamax some (I think it messes with my memory at 300mg). So far no weight loss on the Latuda like the rest of you seem to have noticed, but the rest is so great, I&#039;m all in."
"I was taking 50-70 Vicodins a day. That&#039;s about $300 a day. I found the man of my dreams and all I could think about was getting my pills everyday. He noticed and started to step back from the relationship. By the time I came clean to him and asked for help he was fed up and of course another girl was showing interest so before I knew it, he was calling me a worthless person and kicking me out of our house. I lost him forever so I started Suboxone 2 days ago and I&#039;m myself again. It&#039;s great for me but too late for us. So get the drug before it&#039;s too late. It works I promise. I tried cold turkey. It&#039;s not worth it. Just give it a shot. You have nothing to lose. "
"After having surgery to remove my gastrointestinal stromal tumor one year ago, and having a CT scan every 3 months, I am NED (no evidence of disease), due to taking Gleevec. I only have one noticeable side of effect, occasional nausea."
"This is the first birth control my body has been able to tolerate. Once my body adjusted, (which took about a month of use) it made my periods lighter, increased my cup size, and my libido! The only symptom I have had is muscle cramping."
"My son had a serious &quot;diaper rash&quot; (even though he was potty trained) for weeks that no creams would clear up. It started out as a few pimples and quickly erupted into large, painful, pussy boils with blisters after breaking open. After trying every cream imaginable, my doctor prescribed Bactrim and the rash was literally better over night. In a few days, it was cleared up completely! He did, however, experience a lack of appetite, lethargy, upset stomach, and diarrhea. Nothing severe, but a little uncomfortable for him...but not as bad as his painful rash had been!"
"I am absolutely amazed at how well this medication worked.  I&#039;ve always struggled with giving speeches and this medication made me speak in class like a professional would.  I took it before class about 45 minutes before and started feeling relaxed and a little sleepy 20 minutes before my speech.  I went up and felt no nerves and gave my speech as I practiced in my room alone without any shakiness or any pauses.  Everybody said I looked so natural giving the speech.  Amazing medicine.  I felt like I cheated the speech.  I highly recommend this medication for speech anxiety."
"So I was 290 when starting this about 4 weeks later and have lost 20 pounds. Everybody is different, I was fine first week then when increased to 1.2 was very nauseous and absolutely no appetite. When increased to 1.8 I could not handle was continuously vomiting so went back down to 1.2 for now. Still appetite is nonexistent and have to eat very small &quot;meals&quot;. It is basically trial by error, you have to see which foods your body can tolerate while on this med. I am happy so far with results as I feel this is exactly what I need to get out of some unhealthy eating habits."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 7 months and I love it! I did have some spotting but it was because I wasn&#039;t taking the pill at the same time everyday. No symptoms. No side effects. Works great for me!"
"I have been taking Restoril for about a year and I&#039;m taking 2 30mg at night, and it did work for the first 5 years, but after trying everything else I can&#039;t complain.  I have a very hard time staying asleep so for me I don&#039;t mind the &quot;hangover&quot; feeling when I wake up because sometimes that allows me to go back to sleep.  So in short - nice medication."
"This is the only thing that works for me when I have a headache.  The only complaint I have I can&#039;t fall asleep."
"I&#039;m on day two ... and this medication makes me very irritable. My neck hurts . I&#039;m aggravated for no reason . ( I&#039;m typically a happy /chill person ) my head hurts . It makes me not want to continue the medication. So I don&#039;t know what I am to do ."
"These reviews were so intense I felt like I needed to add my experience... the insertion experience for me was nothing like I see described here. It took only a matter of minutes from start to finish. It wasn&#039;t pain free obviously I&#039;d say 5/6 out of 10. But it lasted seconds. I have given birth one time and it was not even close to comparable. I was crampy on the drive back to work but worked the rest of the day with some motrin and no issues. I had some lower back pain the first few days on and off but nothing crazy. I had instant relief from the annoyance of the pill. My skin is clear and I&#039;ve had no changes in diet to speak of. Overall so far so good."
"I decided to get the implanon because I&#039;ve suffered with very very bad period pains, to the extent that I can&#039;t leave my bed, and I decided to make changes.

I&#039;ve had the implanon in for 6 months now and I only got my period once, and it&#039;s was light and only lasted a day and NO CRAMPS! 
I been reading comments on here, and I think different bodies different effect that&#039;s what I think.

It&#039;s perfect, although I got a very bad rash that lasted two weeks when I only had it on for a month. 
Other than that, I think it&#039;s perfect for my body. 

I recommend my cousin and sister to get it and they haven&#039;t seen their periods till now, and no side effects. 

Best of luck to anyone getting it or already have it x"
"Easy to take especially with all the clear liquids now available ((core peach water etc) clear broth,ginger ale, etc. 
   First dose worked after about two hours. 
3:30 am dose worked after 2 hours. 
    Cost was $140 with $10 off from my insurance. Well worth it. 
    Very different from my last prep. 
Tip:  eat lightly a couple of days before prep."
"Who knew that a popular non surgical procedure involving the banding of my hemorrhoids would result in neuropathic pain. The pain in my rectum was relentless and unbearable, their was no doubt that nerves were affected. Nortriptyline was prescribed and while not perfect it has taken away a majority of my pain. I would recommend to anyone suffering from nerve pain to consider taking this medication, but you have to be patient it may take a few months to work.
Don&#039;t let pain run your life! Suffering is optional, you do have a choice."
"I can take 2 Ambien and be wide awake. I tried melatonin, ZZZ Quil, Unisom.. sometimes take my Valium at bedtime. My sleep cycle got messed up and I&#039;m trying desperately to get it back."
"This stuff has 17 grams of Sodium Sulfate. Grab a periodic table and do the math. The extreme sodium levels in this stuff skyrocketed my BP and could have killed me. It went to 230/132. Do a search and you will find others who experienced this.

NO warning about elevated BP anywhere in the side-effects. Really?

NO sodium content listed. A bag of chips requires that, but not potentially lethal drugs? Something very wrong there."
"Paxil is amazing. I was a person with severe social anxiety disorder, agoraphobia, generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder. I was unable to leave my room at college. I never wanted to go out with my friends or stay in the library to do my work. It was extremely difficult. 

I began Paxil and within a few weeks I was literally crying of happiness because I am such a different person now. I&#039;m able to go anywhere and do anything I want without a huge anxious feeling. I fully support it for anyone in my same situation.

"
"After years of experience dealing with back problems, I had assumed my knee pain was from the pain radiating  down my leg and into my knee. I was actually surprised to hear the diagnosis of  severe arthritis . My orthopedic Dr. Did all 3 Orthovisk injections in the same visit. In two weeks the improvement was remarkable! The benefits lasted through 6 to 7 months. Due to changes in insurance my cost jumped from 50$ to 650$( for Orthovisk only to be delivered to Dr office, not including actual procedure) and it&#039;s a struggle, but I can definitely say it&#039;s worth every penny!"
"My 10 year old son has taken Adderall XR for about 3 years now. This medication is amazing! Twenty years ago my oldest son was diagnosed with ADHD and I refused to medicate him because all of the children I knew that were medicated were &quot;zombies&quot;. This time when I had  a child with ADHD I decided it was not fair to not medicate him and am so glad I did. With Adderall, he is alert and well behaved (for the most part). He says he can focus instead of daydreaming all the time. Insomnia and loss of appetite are the only problematic side effects we have, but have been easily remedied with Pediasure and melatonin. I take him off medicines two weekends per month to be sure he&#039;s not getting dependent and he goes right back to his normal ADHD self."
"Wellbutrin is a good help with severe grief reaction without the need for prozac, etc. For me, it gave me a break from the grief. No great feelings of joy but less deep gutwrenching grief, but also less ability to cry. No weight gain, no real side-effects.  I&#039;ve taken it for about 3 months and it doesn&#039;t change my personality.  I take a low dose of about 250 mg / day and I&#039;m 165 lbs.  150mg wasn&#039;t enough."
"Can not believe how much this med has helped me. So much more focused and I&#039;m able to tackle larger projects with out feel so overwhelmed. I&#039;m in my 50s and did not even think I had ADHD. My Dr picked up on that. Life is so much better now. I have been de cluttering and organizing my home and life like I have always wanted to do. Very happy with this med"
"Awesome"
"I&#039;ve been on Pristiq now for about 4 months. I could tell the difference in my moods almost right away. Every little thing used to make me cry, but not any longer. The only side effect I experienced was dry mouth. Really wish I  could have felt a decrease in appetite. The withdrawals are pretty bad for me though. One day I forgot to take it and almost pulled my hair out. I was crying uncontrollably over nothing which I didn&#039;t even do before taking the medicines. I was also having major brain zaps. I recommend coming off slowly. All in all though, I love it."
"I read a lot of reviews for trazodone on this web site. It has very different results for different people. I thought I would give my experience. My dosage is 200mg. It works extremely well at least 97% of the time. I experience no side effects. On the very rare occasion that I don&#039;t sleep, it&#039;s usually because of some other external reason, such as pain from a broken hip and leg from an earlier accident. I consider it a great medication for sleep since most other sleep meds have a quite large chance of becoming addictive. I hope this helps."
"The generic for this med didn&#039;t work at all, however the name brand (for some reason) is amazing! It has changed my life after so many other meds have failed. I am able to study, take notes, and remember what I&#039;ve read now. The only reason I did not give it a 10 is because I am having some issues with insomnia. I&#039;m sure that is related to the timing and strength of my last dose of the day however, and will adjusted. It can be expensive, however after trying everything else and nothing else working, I would rather pay for this than deal with awful symptoms all day."
"After feeling constipated, I decided to try dulcolax. I took three pills at 9:00 AM hoping to get some relief. At 3:00 PM I was overwhelmed with a very strong urge to poop. My constipation was relieved with a normal, comfortable bowel movement. At 4:30, however I became really sick to my stomach and felt sick. I have had the worst diarrhea of my life for the last 2 hours."
"While the effects of the back were helpful,  the toll it took on my liver was not good. I have many separate symptoms: nausea, pale stool, right upper quadrant pain, elevated LFT, feeling tired, and sweating."
"I first tried this in highschool and had no problems or side effects. It actually really helped me! I no longer suffered from debilitating morning cramps or heavy periods. 

In college I switched to Mirena IUD. Six months into having the Mirena my face broke out with pimples like I could never have imagined. I tried topical treatments, diet changes, and acne clinic facials. Nothing helped my acne, until I decided to remove the IUD. 

I&#039;m now back on a brand of Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo. I&#039;m happy with my birth control again. It&#039;s doing its job and not giving me any problems - no weight gain or weight loss. I&#039;m working on recovering my skin from acne scars, and I&#039;m so thankful for no more active break-outs!"
"Omg! total wrong decision. Thought it would be easier now I have a baby so I didn&#039;t forget to take a pill everyday. I&#039;ve bleed everyday since I had the injection...way to kill your sex life.
I had pains in my right leg for 2 weeks after having the injection in my right buttcheek, had pain in the area of injection for 2 weeks too. 
No energy, feel depressed a lot. Migraines returned which I haven&#039;t had a good few years.
DO NOT DO IT!"
"This works great! I tried the 15 day free trail and I lost three pounds. Wow that is great for me, but here is the sad part I went to get it filled and found out that my insurer doesn&#039;t cover it and I cant afford it. So best wishes to anyone that try it. I just wish it didn&#039;t cost so much."
"DO NOT GET DEPO-PROVERA INJECTION! I decided on this form of birth control to help my painful periods, and hopefully to make them go away completely. I liked how I wouldnt need to worry about taking a pill everyday.. But... about a week after I got my injection I started bleeding.. A LOT. It WAS NOT just &quot;spotting&quot;, it was a full on period. I thought, okay maybe I just need to get used to this new birth control. It has now been 4 months, and I am still bleeding. I saw my doctor to tell her about this crazy bleeding, about 3 months in from getting the injection, and at three months, you are supposed to get your next injection. Of course I did not get it again, but still continue to bleed. So please, do not get the depo shot! nightmare!"
"So far, I am amazed at the quality of this product. She stopped itching almost immediately after use. No bugs, no live eggs found in hair. Hair is shiny and soft. I wasted a bunch of money before Sklice on stuff that had zero effect on her. The out of pocket cost with this NOT bogus coupon was only $40 as opposed to the original $300. I would definitely buy this again for head lice. Amazing stuff."
"appears to work satisfactorily. Dr. instructions to take each night but appears to work just as well taken with the multitude of other tablets prescribed by him and the hospital each morning"
"I had Kenalog injected along with the Botox, the kenalog worked right away, but it took about 2 weeks until the Botox kicked in.  It has about 7 months now.  I had no pain for at least 6 months.  The symptoms are just now starting to come back.  And I should say they are coming back with a vengeance.  Starting to get the sharp shooting pain in my uretha and the itching and burning in and around both my anus and vagina.  I should make note though that my doctor did say the 5 ulcers now have combined into 3, and the largest one he said is on the left side, and that is the side that I have the most pain.  But it was really great for 6 months not to have to worry about repeatedly having to find a restroom that&#039;s near."
"I was on 25 mg to start and ended up taking 100. I lost weight. But the price I paid in side effects was not worth it.

I lost so much hair that when I try to braid it it&#039;s like braiding tiny strands of dental floss. It looks so ridiculous long I had to chop it all off just to conceal how grossly thin it is.

People call it dopamax for a reason. It made my memory Swiss cheese and when I had to process information it felt like fighting through seaweed.

The worst side effect was the depression. This stuff makes me downright suicidal. 

It helped me lose about 80 pounds by starvation. I never wanted to eat. I became anemic. If you&#039;ve never had that before you&#039;ll find simple physical tasks to feel like they&#039;re inciting heart attacks."
"38th day..Lots of naps,fatigue,lightheaded,tough getting to sleep,cold fingertips and toes,buzzing in ears,metallic taste in mouth,leg cramps,hemorrhoids..Type 1a ,1,300,000 viral load at beginning,waiting for test results from friday..Hopefully will find out monday,also low bp on friday...19 pills to go..Lose of breathe easily...Fighting the dragon...Hope its working...Praying hard...Easy for some...Not for me..63 yr old male..."
"This medicine is horrible. I just started taking it a month ago and already considering stopping it completely. Side effects were not horrible. I had lots of dizzy spells though. Only lasted for the first week though. Now I feel even more depressed than I was before I started the meds. Absolutely no sex drive whatsoever. I also have bad chest and upper back pains that I believe is due to anxiety from the medication. Would not recommend this medication to anyone."
"I started taking Loestrin 24 FE 2 weeks ago to prevent pregnancy and my face is breaking out like crazy. Plus I&#039;m getting killer mood swings, which is just lovely since I&#039;m already on an antidepressant (I&#039;m on it for anxiety not depression though). I&#039;m gonna give it until I finish this pack and if it&#039;s not better, I&#039;m heading to the doctor and getting my birth control prescription changed."
"This is the most amazing product I&#039;ve ever used in my life! I absolutely love it. I don&#039;t have any acne on my face but I do get the occasional pimple but the problem area for me is my back and shoulders and I&#039;ve tried everything for my body and this is the only product that cleared up my body acne. Although it&#039;s pricey and doesn&#039;t last very long it&#039;s WELL worth it if you use it discreetly. When I use Benzaclin on my face, it clears up my pimples within a few hours! and now I hardly get pimples! But the downfall here is that my face gets dry, but it&#039;s gotten better now. I absolutely love this product."
"I have been on hydroxychloroquine 200 mg for 4 weeks. I can&#039;t believe how good I feel. I have rheumatoid arthritis. The tired and aching joints and welts on my body from has subsided. I feel like dancing. I still have a dull pain on top of my head. I have not felt this good in 2 yrs. Good thing."
"22, no kids. LOVE. The insertion was painful, I took two ibuprofen 30 minutes prior like my gyno directed.Thanks to the most supportive nurse and nurse aid insertion went smoothly, I was in and out in an hour. After a week of discomfort and 2 months of getting an irregular period I now no longer have a period. This is a miracle device, no kids and no aunts for 5 years."
"This relieved my nausea fairly quickly and allowed me to sleep off the bug.  Only downside is it made me dizzy."
"I have been taking this for 10 years and although my cholesterol numbers are good, I&#039;m constantly fatigued. I take a handful of other medications as the result of a heart attack that left no permanent damage to my heart. Sometimes I wonder if the side effects of a lot of these medications is worth the benefit. Plus, Zetia is expensive."
"I was put on Butrans 10mcg, after getting them painful shots. I still had some 5mg oxycodone, I thought the 7.5 hydrocodone worked better than the 5mg oxycodone. The patch never worked for me with the 5mg pill with it, but when the pill was gone a week or so later, I thought I would walk down to the store. I didn&#039;t take my cane &amp; I hurt so bad I just wanted to sit. I continued to wear the patch until my next Dr. appointment. I told the nurse itdidn&#039;t help my pain, they didn&#039;t want to give me a low dose break through pain pill. I told them to keep it, I don&#039;t want it if it don&#039;t work. then the next appt. he does shots again &amp; don&#039;t write me anything for pain. I thought that was what they&#039;re suppose to do help with your pain!!!"
"Treximet works for me and nothing else has!  The only weird side effect I get is sensitive skin...like if I take a shower or bath after taking Treximet, the water just burns my skin.  Or even if I wash my hands with hot water.  But it is a very small price to pay to get rid if the migraines.  Very reliable!"
"Better concentration, increased motivation and mobility, eliminated food cravings, faster acting digestion and fluid loss, increased thirst, increased weight loss and inches, moderate increase in blood pressure, increase in overall physical stamina, and a significant decrease in depression."
"I&#039;ve taken Avodart for several years.  It sometimes worked better than other times.  The side effects are terrible.  Less than a month ago, I decided to try a natural formula and found many available.  I decided to try Urinozinc Prostate Formula because of the high ratings.  Within a week, I stopped taking Avodart.  I&#039;m back to normal...like I was years ago.  I won&#039;t ever be taking Avodart again."
"I just was put back onto Wellbutrin after attempting 3 other antidepressants.  It was only after being off it that I realized how good it worked for me. I was taken off of it because it caused me to have some issues with irritability and according to my family- short tempered.  I was put on Cymbalta, but I enjoy a drink or 2 a day with my wife (Cymbalta and alcohol will destroy your liver- very well documented).  Zoloft made me feel completely despondent, and I felt life was no longer worth living, not to mention made me not even remotely think of sex.  When I was put back on Wellbutrin, I felt like life WAS worth living, and I feel happier and euphoric.  Now I take Lamictal with Wellbutrin 150 mg in the morning.  Avoid the XR- causes insomnia."
"This is at least my 5th colonoscopy so ive done a variety of prep. If you can get away with Mirilax prep I think thats the best. Last night it took me an hour to get down the surprep. I puked twice. It works for purposes intended but the salty flavor is disgusting.  After reading the reviews here I got a lemon for the second dose. Sucked on a lemon, took a gulp, and another lemon to follow. Did that a few times and was able to get it down in 20 minutes. Drinking the two 16 oz bottles of water afterwards makes you so full you are uncomfortable.  Honestly,  im looking forward to anesthesia and dinner. Ive been on an all liquid diet since midnight two days ago. My advise... buy the lemon."
"Just started on 4mg dose just over a week ago now. Blood pressure between 107 and 129 systolic (average 110&#039;s) and 71 to 86 diastolic (average 75) - was up 150s systolic and 90s diastolic. Surprised at how quickly blood pressure changed. No side effects to report so far."
"Have to use this on my kids age 3 and 6. They don&#039;t like it. It burns. I have to fight with them each time we need to dose. Been on it for almost a week and still not over it.  Improvement but not cured. I was thinking after 48 hours we would be 80% there. Not so."
"Was prescribed doxycycline hcl for bronchitis. Have been taking for 3 days now and no change in symptoms. I still cough so hard my head throbs so bad I want to pull it off.  My daughter was just diagnosed with viral pneumonia in both lobes of her Right lung, so maybe I don&#039;t actually have bronchitis."
"I&#039;m taking this medication to prevent premature delivery. With EVERY injection, I have gotten a debilitating migraine, not to mention soul-crushing depression. With no other options, I have to stay on the medication until I reach 32 weeks. "
"I had written a previous review and was loving this implant. Had super light periods, no side effects, all that. Well, now I&#039;m 6 months into having it, and didn&#039;t have a period for 2 months straight, which was wonderful. Well, now I&#039;m well into the 2nd week straight of my period. Just enough bleeding to irritate me, and as you can imagine, the boyfriend is not pleased, and neither am I. I get that I didn&#039;t have it for 2 months, but just as I think my period is tapering off, it comes back the next day. Can&#039;t foresee it ending any time soon at this rate. If this period doesn&#039;t end within the next week, I&#039;ll be going to the doctor to discuss other options."
"I took this medication for about two months, and it did not relieve any of my symptoms, and it gave me headaches."
"I agree with that is written on this site. I was drinking about a bottle of wine each evening? Why? I would just feel anxious in the evenings. Wine calmed that. Since I started taking neurotin 5 days ago, I have not even looked at a bottle of wine. For me, it&#039;s just like an &quot;off&quot; switch. Really amazing. Good luck, everyone!"
"I am 40 years old.  My doctor prescribed this medication to treat heavy bleeding due to an ovarian cyst that developed after several Clomid cycles with my infertility specialist.  After three months, my periods are regular again, but at the cost of several unpleasant side effects.  I have painful cystic acne in my genitalia, I have gone from being calm and relaxed to short-tempered, and my sleep cycles have been disrupted, leaving me tired all the time.  The first day or two of my period is extremely painful, but that may be due to the fact that I have more like a 25 day cycle and the pill is trying to force a 28 day cycle. "
"I take celexa 20 mg for Anxiety and Depression. The medicine helps greatly for alleviating daily anxiety/depression. Everyone I know however has side effects when taking it. For me, I only started getting PMS after I began celexa. For men it also very commonly causes sexual dysfunction."
"I&#039;ve had problems with painkillers mixed with real chronic pain problems for 20 years. Methadone has been part of the problem and help over the years. It works extremely well with pain. Better than most other medicines out there (and I&#039;ve taken them all for pain at one time or another). It&#039;s pretty easy to come down to a very small amount daily like 5mg a day but to break that last 5mg Pill is torture. And then you have weeks of feeling off and not yourself."
"The only negative side effects I&#039;ve had is longer bleeding per cycle and mood swings when I go off and onto the pill. The mood swings happen with every type of birth control I&#039;ve used, so that isn&#039;t so abnormal. The bleeding is a bit odd but the doctor said it was a normal side effect for the pill."
"This medicine has given me back my life for very bad neck and shoulder pain. The doctor also watches over you closely... thanks for pain management."
"I&#039;m not sure if Abilify worked or not. I know I didn&#039;t feel worse after 3 weeks of taking it. I did and do now have terrible muscle and joint pain that I never experienced before taking abilify. I had to stop taking it because of this side affect."
"Started this med yesterday for the first time.  Immediately noticed how strong it is!  Prevented vomiting by only taking on a full stomach.  Drinking a lot of water will help with the headaches as dehydration will cause this too.  I don&#039;t recommend taking too late at night because of insomnia."
"So far I have had Skyla for about two and a half years, It works great,aside from very minimal cramps there is only one major complaint I have,I am 23 but can never have a clear face,as if I am ten years younger. If you do not mind having severe acne it definitely does it&#039;s job and prevents pregnancy 100% if put in correctly, Occasionally my partner can feel the strings,as well. And sometimes I do have bleeding from around my cervix if intercourse was a bit rough. I also sometimes have trouble with &quot;dryness&quot; but am unsure if that is related to Skyla. Overall,if you do not wish to have children whatsoever and do not mind having acne,I believe this would be a go-to birthcontrol!"
"The retrograde ejaculation (no semen) and decreased libido are not worth the benefits for sexually active men.  If these side effects are of no concern then try it but I hated it."
"I had been through many forms of birth control.  Than I tried Seasonique.  The doctor warned me it could take 6-9 months to get regular, so I stuck it out through breakthrough bleeding every other week, and boy do I regret it.  After one year, I finally became regular, but then I had many muscle spasms, mood swings, cramps, mild headaches, and a TOTAL LACK OF MY SEX DRIVE and no lubrication during sex.  Even though I took my pill at exactly 9:15 every morning, one day (after over 20 months of being on it) I was two hours late and I had a two week period when I was still on the active pills.  I have chosen to switch to Loestrin 24.  It&#039;s been a few months and so far I am back to my normal self."
"Honestly, it is a pretty effective birth control but it does have some nasty side effects. I&#039;ve been using it for over 6 months and have had no pregnancy scares. After reading reviews I asked my husband if thought I have been depressed since I started taking it and he said yes without hesitation. So that is definitely a downside to the Nuvaring. The biggest issue for me is that I&#039;ve probably gained 40 lbs since I started and I&#039;ve been the same weight for years. I have stretch marks all over my body. It is so awful. I knew weight gain was possible but this has been the worst side effect for me. As nice as it is to not have to think about birth control more than once a month, I am going to stop. I don&#039;t want to keep gaining weight like this"
"I was feeling extremely tired and unmotivated after a short time since beginning night shift (emergency worker) duty. My doctor prescribed Provigil. I had never even heard of it before. This is what I need. I am wide awake when I need to be, either day or night and I can still catch a cat nap on duty, and I don&#039;t have trouble sleeping in the daytime anymore. I know many people on provigil in emergency services. Almost all of us work nights or rotating shifts. I can&#039;t say I have heard of any ill side effects other than dehydration and headache. Drank more water and it all went away."
"After having spent 6 days with absolutely no sleep, I finally asked to get something prescribed. 
I admit it worked right away that night. With time (one week) I feel like I got used to it and became a zombie at night. Awake but not awake/aware. 
Some nights it works and some nights it doesn&#039;t at all, keeping me up all night doing anything but sleep. 
I&#039;m not sure wether to recommend it or not, I&#039;m almost done with my month and I have mixed emotions as the amounts of times I fell asleep are less than the ones I did not.

When I don&#039;t fallasleep after taking it I become paranoid and think to myself &quot;oh my god I HAVE to fall asleep now&quot; creating a rather nervewrecking situation...or I find myself cleaning the house or doing laundry and so..."
"I have been on this medication for about 4 years due to Ankylosing spondylitis and I find it pretty effective.  However, I have found that this medication caused unexpected side effects.  It was pointed out to me that shortly after taking a dose, I undertake massive projects that I normally wouldn&#039;t, become extremely talkative, insomnia and motivation that wasn&#039;t there originally.  I was diagnosed as being bipolar a year ago and these are all symptoms of the &quot;hypermania&quot; aspect of Bipolar disorder.  My doctor has found that Ultram put me in a &quot;manic state&quot; and when the medication begins to wear off I tend to become anxious and agitated.  There are studies reflecting this online. I would not recommend this medication if you are bipolar."
"I have been taking Zoloft now for a couple of months. I started at 25mg for 7 days and then 50mg for about 6 weeks. Now I am up to 100mg a day. I have been diagnosed with panic disorder and agoraphobia. I have noticed a difference in the anxiety I have when I am at home, but I still struggle to go into public without supplementing with Ativan. I have just been prescribed Buspar, so I will be curious to see how that addition helps my anxiety. In the past, I have tried Celexa and Wellbutrin which did nothing for my anxiety. I will continue to take the Zoloft, but I would like to get rid of the Ativan if at all possible."
"This medication saved my life. Tried several different medicines over 10 years and none have worked better than Risperdal. I take escitalopram as well and have seen fantastic results. If I miss a dose I can tell very quickly within a few days as I don&#039;t sleep and feel really agitated and angry at the least little thing. Really helped control my mood swings and this combination has been great for me."
"My 6 year old son was diagnosed with ADHD and started on Vyvanse 4 weeks ago. He has made HUGE strides in school.  His teachers and I are all very impressed with what this medication has done for him academically.  However, he has become an emotional wreck.  If he isn&#039;t on auto-pilot or mentally checked out, he is snapping and yelling at people at the drop of a hat.  He zones out, acts and appears to be &quot;high&quot; .. a shell of him himself.  It breaks my heart to see my fun loving, humorous vibrant little boy become a drone so that he can be successful at school.  He is on the lowest dose of 20mg."
"This drug is very helpful. I used to have pus filled acne all over my face and now very few of them. It does nothing for white heads and clogged pores but does get rid of the pus filled looking ones."
"I was prescribed this medication for after having all my wisdom teeth removed to prevent infection. I took 1 capsule 3 time a day. For the first few days it was fine, I found if you don&#039;t take it with a lot of water it burned all the way down and it made me feel funny with a metallic taste in my mouth. Around day 3 I started having cramps in my stomach, back, and right under my ribcage so painful they would keep me up at night and wake me up out of a dead sleep. I was warned that it could cause stomach problems so I didn&#039;t think much of it, but it&#039;s been a week since I stopped taking them and I&#039;m getting these awful cramps still. Off to the doctor tomorrow for me. (I took probiotics the entire time I was on it and lived off yogurt too)"
"I&#039;m white male, 53 yrs old, 5&#039;11&quot; and 185 lbs. I just discovered that I had High Blood Pressure about a month ago during a wellness checkup. The nurse took my blood pressure 4 times on the right arm and 3 more on the left. I was running about 180 /120. After she told me that she&#039;d seen 400 lb men with better numbers than that I decided to see my MD. I&#039;ve been on Micardis almost 30 days and it seems to have lowered it to the 140/90 range. I also was put on Bystolic just 5 days ago due to a rapid pulse of 100 bpm. Now down to 75-80. The only side effects have been occasional dizziness and some sharp pain in my hip when I move just so. I did have a scary tightening of the chest and shortness of breath the other day. It seemed to pass in about 2 mins."
"I started Saxenda 2 weeks ago had  only 1 day of side effects. I can say I  like the results and have lost 10lbs in 2 weeks."
"I&#039;ve been using it 6 months now. Never had a period since. No acne, no negative side affects, just pain in arm time to time but nothing major"
"My oldest son had ear infections monthly for nearly 2yrs. Doctors only prescribed cedifner when the infection was really bad, otherwise it was Amoxocillian. Both cleared his infections, though cefdiner worked faster. No reactions. 
My youngest son turned out to be allergic to Amoxocillian which gave him puffy horrid diaper rashes. He is only able to take Cefdiner and has no reactions to that antibiotic."
"I had copper T before having  Mirena inserted. With the Copper T I had the worst experience of abnormal bleeding, cramping and lower abdominal pain for 3 months.  My gyno advised me to switch to Mirena. After reviewing a lot I decided I should give it a try and it was inserted on 19th Feb 2016, since then a little cramping and bleeding but not heavy.  I&#039;m still waiting at least for a month to see if things works for me.
Anyone can give it a try women bodies are different after all."
"I have just had my 2nd implant taken out. In total I have had it for 6 years. At first it was great, a 5 day period once every 3 months or so. After I had the second one put in this changed to having a period for about 14 days every 1 or 2 months...not so great. I don&#039;t think I had the severe moods wings during the 1st stint but I most definitely had them with the second. Also towards the end I had awful stomach pains. I have put on roughly about 2 stone in 6 years despite trying to lose it constantly. I really think that the difference between the two was down to age, I was 17 when it was first put in and I loved it, but the second one between 20-23 really didn&#039;t do me any favors!"
"I took the starter dose once and the Doctor took too long to prescribe my reg dose so I had to re-do it again but the first time I took it, I didn&#039;t notice any changes besides numbness in my fingers and toes. The second time I took the starter dose it helped with my anxiety and I had regular bowel motion, which was great since my bowel motion is abnormal. My appetite decreased a bit as well, no weight loss though. Then I got on the regular dose and my anxiety has worsen, I don&#039;t have an appetite or cravings which causes me to miss meals and I get headaches. I have a cotton/dry mouth, metal taste in my mouth, insomnia, back pain, it&#039;s been a week and a half, I&#039;ve lost 6lbs with regular exercise, not sure if I should wait it out or go on the starter dose again."
"Just got Mirena inserted yesterday and wanted to share my experience.  I think the best description I have heard of what it is like to get it inserted is it is like getting your ears pierced, sharp pain followed by soreness. There were 3 sharp pains, one when they clamp your cervix, one when they measure the size of your uterus, and one when they insert the Mirena.  Each sharp pain was followed by what felt like a strong period cramp.  The whole procedure lasted about 5 min.  After that it felt like the first day of my period for about 5 hours but it was totally manageable, I even went and did some Christmas shopping right after.  It is now the morning after and I have had no spotting or bleeding and don&#039;t even feel crampy at all!"
"I&#039;m not sure how much of a rating to give for this drug. 

I am taking Doxy for a sinus infection and clearing of my chest, 2 a day for 7 days. I took my first two at a time last night and taken my first single dose this am. I still have a headache, pain in my neck from the chest congestion. I don&#039;t have stomach issues so far but I still feel crappy. I sleep with this medication, I had a great sleep last night and today slept all day, I&#039;m still tired. I didn&#039;t read the information properly I did not take a full glass of water with the pills - oops. Didn&#039;t do anything bad though but now I know."
"I have been taking Pylera for 6 days and besides dry mouth general feeling of being ill I noticed my tongue is getting dark (a known side effect) this is a very difficult medication to take for 10 days, however, I will continue in hopes the H. Pylori bacteria will be eradicated."
"I&#039;ve been on Depo for about 9 months now, it seemed like the perfect solution to heavy bleeding and unbearable cramping. I think the doctor forgot to mention that I would bleed NONSTOP for months. (I&#039;m still bleeding) Going on it was the worst decision of my life. Also, my family is high risk for ovarian cancer, my doctor was worried about cysts before I went on the shot, and now I&#039;m fearing that if I didn&#039;t already have them when I started Depo I have them now. Please stay away from this. The worst part is I&#039;m only 18 and I am now at an even higher risk for breast and ovarian cancer."
"The best"
"Was given this for a severe migraine along with saline in a drip. After 10-15 minutes I was 100% better and wide awake ready to go and not in an anxious or wired way just felt ready to go home and pick back up my night. Nothing ever has worked this fast for me and I&#039;ve been to the ER for migraines many times in the past. This was by far the best medicine given to me and I had no side effects whatsoever. 2 thumbs up for this medicine!"
"I have been on this medication for roughly two years. Before I started Trintellix, I was on Zoloft and it caused me to gain almost 40 pounds in less than 4 months. Needless to say, I could no longer keep taking that. My doctor changed me to Trintellix, and it has worked very well. It is the only antidepressant that I have been prescribed that has not caused me to gain any weight. Also, it is fairly cheap if your insurance covers some and if your doctor gives you a coupon."
"Started xenical 6 days ago. As I&#039;m a nightshift worker without bathroom conveniently available all the time I decided to start on days off &amp; with some fat in my diet to see how severe the consequences maybe. Ate cheese salami &amp; crackers and took a pill..thinking the effects would follow soon.  Some 12 hours later the oil / fat passed..&amp; for 6 days that has been my experience. I&#039;ve lost 2.1 kg so far I&#039;m really happy but have been really thirsty. Which is o.k. Not hungry though.."
"I started using sutent 50 mg for stage 4 kidney cancer for last 2 weeks but there is no improvement in blood test result. can anyone please tell me know the time required to get the result."
"I had severe rectal itching for years and was prescribed many useless or harmful medicines and treatments for the condition. Clobetasol stopped the itching within days and it has been a year and the itching has not returned."
"Nasacort has  been a game changer for me.  My sinuses have never been better since I began using it."
"Been on this for a little under a year. I have had no issues with weight gain and it took a couple months for my body to get used to it. Once it did I found myself skipping periods and when i got them it was super light. Freaked me out at first but realized its how this pill works."
"The best cold medicine I have ever taken. "
"Prescribed 500 mg for pain in right shoulder and collar bone. Pain was about a 6 out of 10. Had no effect at all.  Regular ice and rest was the more effective than this drug."
"I am on my 5th day of taking 500 mg per day and I still have a bad sinus infection and plugged ears. It doesn&#039;t seem to be helping me at all. It feels like it is getting worse."
"Here is my story I was having irregular periods when I was 16 year old so the Dr put me on birth control pills.  When I was 17 or 18 years old I found out I had fibroids, pre- diabetes , high blood pressure  so I was on metfromin, birth control pill and high blood pressure for 12 years I decide last year in August 2015 to stop taking my birth control pill ... I decide to take progrestrone cream, vitex, metformin and my period came on mid September 2015 I starting crying and praying my period last about 6 days... So October, November and December I missed  my periods it finally came January 1, 2016 I was taking progrestrone cream, vitex, black cohosh, vitamin c, metformin .. So I hope end of this month my period start"
"I have tried everything under the sun for depression and anxiety over the past 15 years. Saphris is an amazing medicine. I take the black cherry flavor, which does NOT taste horrible, but is good (other flavor does taste horrible though) and I feel like my depression has been majorly lifted, my manic episodes and irritability have decreased greatly, and I am doing things in life that are productive for the 1st time in years and years. I must say I must also take Lamictal though, as without that the mania goes out of control even with Saphris. But together, excellent combination."
"This helped me a lot, I feel more relaxed and motivated. When taking it before bed, sleep is very restful. No side effects"
"I absolutely love this birth control and will never go back to using another kind! I&#039;ve had it since December 2011 and have only had one, extremely light period since. I&#039;m not moody at all, no cramps, bloating, and for once no weight gain! Out of the 5 different birth controls I&#039;ve tried including Seasonique, Yaz, and Loestrin, Implanon is by far my favorite!"
"I always suffer from migraine headaches where the light hurt my eyes and noise hurt my ears not even start to throw up idk what was going on when it got that bad last year I went to 3 different doctors and then didn&#039;t know either until I went to the ER and was giving this magical pill it&#039;s the only thing that will stop me for going crazy from suffering from pain and the best part is only pay $1.00 with my insurance but I think it&#039;s like between  $50- $70 dollars if paying with cash money"
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for 4 months and taking it out. I get headaches everyday, I&#039;m on medium to light periods the WHOLE month (always bloated), and I&#039;m losing a lot of hair not the average amount of hair loss after a pregnancy...also regular acne breakouts which I didn&#039;t have. Everyone is different."
"The first night I took it I slept for 16 hours straight (15 mgs).  When I finally forced myself to get out of bed, I had this insatiable appetite.  I also walked around like a zombie feeling groggy for the next day and a half.  I took it on a Saturday night knowing that I didn&#039;t have to be anywhere the following day (good thing)  Needless to say, I stopped taking it."
"I take this medication for pelvic floor dysfunction.  It works well, but does leave me a bit foggy.  I try to only take one pill a day, but I definitely notice I&#039;m not as sharp for the entire day after taking it.  But I couldn&#039;t get through physical therapy without it."
"threw new applicator away by mistake you will not send me a new one I had to wait 30 days before my insurance would let me get a new one so  I&#039;m out my money all I have is the cartridge with no way to use it   I THINK YOUR ENGINEERS SUCK WHE FLO VENT IS SO SIMPLETO USE   WH"
"I had the worst side effects with Protonix. I took it for 15 days and experienced increased anxiety and heart palpitations. I also had dizziness, nausea and insomnia. Going off of it took 6 days to feel somewhat normal."
"I was full of itises: bronchitis, sinusitis and pharyngitis and felt miserable. Doc prescribed Biaxin and I started to be on the mend in a couple of days after starting treatment. On day 3 of taking it I felt good enough to exercise (not super intense, but enough to at least get the blood flowing and feel like a human being again.)

Biaxin has been hard on my gut. It helps to eat a lot of food before taking it. If my stomach starts hurting or cramping, I eat more food and it helps relieve it. 

Unexpected side effect: Biaxin gave me energy and increased aggression/agitation.

It did what it was supposed to do and knocked out my infection. All in all, worth it for me."
"I first used Zoloft in 1999 for post traumatic stress disorder. At that time I was on 50mg, it allowed me to function very well. Now I am being treated for Major Depression, Anxiety, and PTSD. I started 50 mg 7 days ago, today I am to up my dose to 100 mg.
The only side effect I have noticed is tiredness so far. The one benefit is I have not cried everyday which is a triumph as I had been doing that on a daily basis several times per day. Still am anxious about large crowds and overly watchful of my surroundings. I will post again after my check up with my progress the end of February. Good luck to you and I wish you recovery, we all need that."
"Have been taking for about two weeks.  Yes, it does lower the blood pressure but the side effects seem to be worse than the cure. Been experiencing muscle cramps, anxiousness, feet felel as if on fire, chest pressure, pain in shoulders, back, paresthesias in legs, arms, etc.  I&#039;m not sure what else it is causing, but, perhaps the cure is worse than the disease.  Why is it that every medication tends to be worse than the actually problem."
"I am on my second Mirena - I had the first one for the full 5 years and loved it. I want to caution about one thing that has not been mentioned in any of the posts I have read.  After the first Mirena my new doctor insisted on an ultrasound before replacing it with a new one for 5 more years. I am grateful she insisted. I had 2 strawberry sized cysts - one on each ovary.  Easily treated with 3 months of birth control. The cysts disappeared and I was able to have a new Mirena. This insertion was very painful. In the hour afterwards I broke into a sweat and almost passed out. It has been 2 days and I&#039;m much better, just light cramping.  Please get an ultrasound before replacing.  My doctor will also require follow up ultrasounds in 2 years."
"Been taking Modicon for 2 years now. This is the only pill I have taken in which I get breakthrough bleeding. For the last year it has been happening far too often. I miss Ortho-novum."
"I am 18 years old with no kids and I decided to try out  Paragard  . I&#039;ve been having it for almost two months now and I have to say it&#039;s amazing . The process of putting it on was very painful . I never had a pelvic exam done so that by itself was painful . I don&#039;t really remember the process . I was so nervous and a little scared I didn&#039;t know what to expect . When she inserted the IUD it was like a very sharp cramping pain . I let out a scream . The whole procedure took about 10 min . After that I felt very uncomfortable. I wasn&#039;t in severe pain but it was painful . The next day I was in agonazing pain . I wanted to head to the hospital  . It was cramping to the point where I couldn&#039;t even stand . Warm showers would lessen the pain ."
"I wanted to write something here, because after reading all the bad reviews I almost didn&#039;t get Implanon. But I am so glad I did. I have had Implanon for four months. The first month I did have three weeks of spotting, which was rough. But after that I have only had very minor spotting once a month like a period. I don&#039;t have any of the period pain I used to (Headaches, horrible cramps) and I am much less moody as well (I used to burst into tears on the spot). I haven&#039;t gained any weight at all, although the doctor did say average weight gain in the first year in one pound. I can handle that after being on Natazia and gaining 30. I LOVE Implanon. It&#039;s easy and I barely have a period at all. Don&#039;t shy away because of bad reviews."
"I have tried literally every migraine medicine: Maxalt, Zomig, codeine. I have had migraines for 9 years now and have used Axert for one year. Sometimes it works very well with just one dose combined with Toradol. I have had no side effect with Axert. I use also 50 mg of Topiramate at night before bed. In the Fall weather I have had migraines daily and I am using two doses of Axert (12.5 mg) and probably not waiting a full 24 hours for the next dose. I am now getting Botox injections in the forehead, both sides of the temple and back of the neck. This is a 100cc of Botox every 3 months at $400 a pop. I need to find some relief!"
"I am not sure when I contacted HCV - I found out I had it through a life insurance screening in 2009.  I was 38 at the time, and having genotype 1, I was very discouraged about having any treatment options.  It took some time to get Harvoni approved through my insurance, but so very thankful I was finally accepted.  I am currently on day 34 of 84, just found out that my last blood work showed NOT DETECTED!!!  As far as side effects, I have had insomnia which I have been taking a sleep aide for, and very, very fatigued...all I can do to get out of bed and to work some days.  I have found that taking a mid day nap has helped a bunch.  So thankful for Harvoni!!!"
"This birth control took some time for my body to adjust. I asked to be switched to a lower estrogen birth control because my previous birth control that I was on for over two years was making me feel more and more crazy the longer I was on it. It took a solid three months for my periods to regulate, but since then they&#039;re really light (almost don&#039;t even need to wear a tampon) and little to no cramps. My mood has significantly improved. The only downside is I gained 13 pounds the first three months of taking this birth control."
"My dermatologist prescribed me epiduo because my other acne medicine wasn&#039;t doing a very good job like epiduo is doing now but when I started using it, it has worked well on my skin. I still have a few pimples here and there especially on my forehead but epiduo has made it less noticeable and smaller  every time I use it. But the negative thing is that once I started using it my skin became very sensitive and dry and left white patches everywhere on my skin where I had used the cream"
"I was on Nuvaring and I loved it until a year and a half into when I started bleeding during sex. That&#039;s how I knew I had to get off it. When I was on the pill that happened too and as soon as I switched to something else I was fine. I&#039;m not sure if that&#039;s just because my body gets used to birth controls after about a year and a half and starts acting up on them."
"I&#039;m so mad I started taking this I used to have perfect skin now my forehead is broke out and nothing seems to be working to clear it up . Needless to say I have stopped taking it I only was taking it for 3 weeks and the constant bleeding and acne I just had to stop I would not recommend this."
"After a failed back surgery, my orthopedic surgeons kept telling me I %u201Cshould%u201D be walking again. I could not get out of the wheel chair I had been in for over 12 weeks without assistance. And once out of it, I could not walk without severe pain. The docs eventually found bone fragments had been pushed INTO my spine rather than being removed before bone cement was used to repair my crushed vertebrae.  While they could %u201Ctry%u201D to remove them and redo the surgery, the chances of my not being able to walk, ever, were far too high to justify the risk of surgery. A brilliant pain management specialist in LA found the combination of Dilaudid and Morphine worked well for me. After starting pain medications, I was able to stand and eventually to walk again."
"I had a horrible infection-itching, burning, swelling. So I picked up Monistat 1 at the drugstore and inserted it as soon as I came home. The cooling wipes that come with it are a life saver. After about 8 hours I felt a fairly large discharge -assuming that the medicine needs to escape somehow. I felt much less itchy the next day and my swelling went down 100%. However I am on day 3 and while my painful/uncomfortable infection symptoms have completely subsided I am still discharging quite a bit (well, a LOT actually). I&#039;m hoping this is normal, but I may see a doctor if this persists tomorrow."
"I just started taking trazodone 50mg .It seems to be working so far just don&#039;t like the groggy feeling when I wake up especially when I have to work the overnight shift even though I take it in the morning .I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia so I&#039;m also taking lyrics with it."
"I was addicted to opiate pain killers for a little over a year, and it got to the point where if I didn&#039;t take them I would get cold sweats, body aches, and diarrhea. My whole world revolved around taking vicodin or Norcos. I had to take them just to feel normal. Then I heard about a drug called Suboxone. I went to a drug rehabilitation clinic, and they prescribed it to me. Twenty minutes after taking it I felt 100 times better. I can&#039;t believe how amazingly it worked. Some people try to say that it is just substituting one drug for another, but that is definitely not the case. Suboxone was not at all addictive nor did it cause me to have withdrawls. It is an awesome drug and I definitely recommend it to anyone with opiate dependence."
"I got this about a year and a half ago. It&#039;s done well as a birth control (I&#039;m not pregnant) but the sideaffects are intolerable. Upper lip hair, mood swings often, depression, some weight gain, fatigue, and occasionally pain at insertion site. I haven&#039;t had a period in a couple months and while I like it, I also like my period, as it lets me know I&#039;m not pregnant. I&#039;m constantly afraid I&#039;m pregnant because my period comes so late or won&#039;t come at all. Being a college student it&#039;s great to have because I&#039;d forget to take the pill but I can&#039;t handle the side affects. Ive also read about the implant &quot;implanting&quot; itself into the muscle of your arm...that raises lots of red flags for me."
"I have struggled with Hemorrhoids and what I think is Irritable Bowl Syndrome for years. I noticed that Metamucil helped but never got myself to use it on a daily basis. Finally started using it religiously half a teaspoon in the morning and half in the evening. I got back my life is all I have to say."
"I was prescribed Vicoden to control pain when I got my wisdom teeth taken out and thank goodness I was. This medicine literally takes away all of my pain, which is unusual, because I am very sensitive towards teeth/mouth pain. My only complaint is that about 20 minutes after I take the pill, I literally cannot do anything. I have to lay with my eyes closed because I am literally incapable of doing anything else. But, if this side effect is the worst that I get (which is so far the only side effect), it is a small price to pay for all of my mouth pain to be gone. I would recommend this."
"So I had bv and got the tday vaginal treatment which I ended tuesday 3/15/16 and shortly after developed a yeast infection. I visited the doctor today and took 15mg diflucan and felt better a few hours after. No burning or itching was ever present, I noticed a change in discharge and immediately got seen by a doctor. No side affects. I caught mine the day after I noticed a change."
"I love love love Nexplanon! I was on the pill for 2 years and the pill worked great for me, but I just got sick of taking the pill everyday. I went to my doctor and just wanted a easier carefree form of birth control. We talked about Nexplanon and the IUD but I just didn&#039;t want the IUD. I have had my normal time of the month for the first two weeks but it was a lot shorter and lighter, which is crazy because my period was like 3 days to begin with and no symptoms. My boyfriend and I love it and definitely be getting another one when my three years are up."
"I have a fear of public speaking and I was required to give a 10-15 minute presentation in a college course. I took 2 10mg tablets about 30 minutes before and the physical symptoms were completely gone. I was focused and I spoke very calmly during the presentation unlike I usually do which is that I speak very fast because I am so nervous and my heart is beating so fast. I could not hear my heart beat at all and I felt completely in control of the situation. My voice barely trembled at all. It is an excellent medicine for performance anxiety and public speaking anxiety and I will continue to take this for future performance situations like job interviews."
"Sadly this medication gave no relief at all and actually made things worse... Severe nausea and vomiting on top of constant diarrhea, not an easy thing to multi task if you know what I mean. But hey, all meds work differently for different people. Hope others had better luck than I did."
"Been on 30mg Cymbalta for 2 weeks. Started getting relief by the 2nd day. Am 58 year old male with spinal stenosis, degenerative disc disease, and spondy. Plan was to go to 60mg but I am getting enough relief at 30mg. I believe I will try to stay on that dose to minimize side effects. Some constipation, difficult reaching orgasm, some night sweats and minor headaches. Oh, insomnia if I took it at night.  I had samples of this medicine for 6 months but delayed starting it because of horror stories on the internet. Pain was ruining my life so this medicine seems to be the best option."
"Very good medication.  Eliminated panic attacks.  Was on Valium. Xanax works a little better for me."
"I have been taking lithium bicarbonate for a little over 2 years. My dosage has fluctuated because I am also medicated for manic depression. I am 37 and have been medicated, on and off, for depression since I was 18. Lithium seems to help with my bipolar symptoms, not so much for my depression. My side effects have been: increased thirst, tremors, weight loss &amp; occasional stomach aches if I do not eat enough when I take my pills. I am fine with these so long as I feel &#039;normal.&#039;  Frequent blood work is not bothersome as I understand they are screening for my own health...lithium toxicity levels, kidney functions, thyroid activity."
"I had been constipated for as long as I could remember. I would have a bowel motion maybe once every 2-3weeks. So not normal. My diet consisted of high fiber 100 oz of water a day fruits veggies but still no bowel motion. I have tried cleansers, laxatives and other products but nothing. I recently began doing colonic irrigations because I was so frustrated. My doc suggested I try Miralax. The 1st day I took some in the morning and the 2nd day I took some more. By that evening of the 2nd day I had a bowel motion. I couldn&#039;t believe it. After all this time it was Miralax that did the job. Thanks Miralax. I would recommend this to anyone."
"I have been using this for five years and wow is it great! For those of you who have problems with it burning try spraying Bactine on after you have used the Drysol and then blow dry on low with a hair dryer for a minute or so on each underarm. This will help with the burning at night, Good luck."
"Manufactured by Qualitest Pharmaceuticals.  This was a unit of use package for a five day use starting with a higher dosage and going down to one pill on the last day.  Very poor instructions on how to remove the pills from the card.  I ended up having to cut them out with a razor blade.  I would rate Ease of Use at a 1."
"Holy moly....first day using this and I wanted to scream within minutes of inserting. The burning and itching is so much worse than the original symptoms. Hoping that this actually works but not sure if I can take 7 days!!!!! Should have read these reviews first."
"I&#039;m turning 16 at the end of this month and I had another yeast infection. I used Vagisil before, suggested by my doctor. This time, my mother went to and picked up Monistat 1. In comparison, there was no burning or irritation once I applicated the medicine. I would suggest wearing a pad and loose pants that you don&#039;t mind get ruined as suggested. However, I felt very uncomfortable about 4 hours after. It was a mixture of burning and itching, so I kept walking around my house and trying to get myself to ignore it. I eventually laid down and went to sleep. When I woke up, I felt completely better. There is still some irritation, but it isn&#039;t as bad as it was a few days ago. I would highly recommend if you don&#039;t mind the slight side effects."
"I started taking this medicine several weeks ago with a combination of Celexa for my depression. The side effects are unwelcome and welcome all in the same time. I have memory loss and can&#039;t find the the right words when I&#039;m speaking to people. I feel tired during the day, but at night I&#039;m wide awake. My nails have become thinner, so has my waist line. I&#039;ve struggled with my weight since I was young, [I&#039;m 17 and I started these pills at 260lbs. I&#039;m now at 231lbs]. These pills make me feel like food is the enemy. I&#039;m also having decreased sensitivity during sex."
"It works better than Lortab I think. It was getting to where I had to take at least 3 Lortab 10mg just for my pain to go away. Now I am on Endocet 7.5mg and it does wonders. The thing is medicines scare me cause I don&#039;t want to get addicted but I have been taking this medicine for a good long time and I just recently been coming off of it and I haven&#039;t suffered from one withdrawal. It&#039;s awesome."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon since October 2014 and I haven&#039;t been a solid 2 weeks without bleeding since. My first period after insertion lasted 6 whole months. Since April I&#039;ve only had about a week and a half off then I start again for a whole month then again a small break and back to bleeding. I am still sexually active with the same person and nexplanon is our only form of birth control and we&#039;ve had no scares but still I CAN NOT wait to get this out this coming October!"
"Started to work the second day on it. I don&#039;t wake up with stiff hands and my joints hurt way less. I&#039;m almost off the prednisone. I love it! Has worked better than anything else I&#039;ve tried. Copay is covered through their assistance."
"Just a little back story for you I am on low-dose Suboxone for opiate addiction that I had throughout most of my twenties (I&#039;m 30 years old now  ; I also have anxiety) . For the past 6 months my .50 milligrams of Suboxone has helped me be clean and sober without any Cravings whatsoever !!   On day 4 of taking Buspar,  I started drug seeking Behavior . Literally was a wreck.  I was told that this would not have any interactions , that was clearly not the case with me . Please use with caution if you&#039;re an addict. It was literally a nightmare =("
"I&#039;m 40 with no children and started Nora-Be after 6+ years of no BC. I&#039;m not allowed estrogen BC due to previous blood clots. Started this pill a week ago and am a little surprised by what I believe are side effects. Appetite loss and my mood is VERY elevated...I feel borderline hyper at times. I notice that things which used to upset me or get on my nerves don&#039;t nearly as much now. Overall a good thing but sometimes you need that balance to be able to understand and calibrate your overall well being. But my main concern is I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m mentally scattered. It&#039;s like herding cats in my brain sometimes. I am hoping this subsides. No physical side effects yet- spotting or bloating-which I was expecting. We&#039;ll see."
"I&#039;ve been taking Diovan for 2 weeks now and so far, it has the fewest side effects (other than hives and painful walking) and gets my blood pressure down (144/88). My system is very sensitive,but with blood pressure running 176/100 and higher, I am thankful this helps."
"Honestly I inserted this application right before going out so around 9:30 pm about 15 minutes later intense itching had started! It didn&#039;t subside until an hour later when I peed and then it was bearable. I woke up this morning and feel completely fine so I feel like it did it&#039;s job . If you aren&#039;t super sensitive and can withstand extreme discomfort like an hour and a half then do it!!"
"I have found perfect combo for me. I take one Linzess (145 MCG) at least one hour before breakfast and a tbs of Citracel orange drink every morning.  Linzess alone lost its effectiveness within a few weeks. I am 5&#039; tall 110 lbs 75 years young. This combo keeps me as regular as clockwork for now."
"This is my miracle medicine. Best medicine I have ever taken in my life. Works for me in 1-2 minutes. Have nausea from acid reflux and feel instantly better. A little sleepy but it doesn&#039;t put me in a deep slumber. Love Zofran."
"Only on my second injection migraine so bad I get nauseous ears ringing hear my heart beat in ears all the time its elevated constantly light hurts my eyes dizzy head goes black for seconds only going bathroom every three days scared to take my next dose"
"I went to E R with a Migraine I had had for about 4 days. I was given this medication. I was in so much pain. I was so Anxious. I told them I was still in pain. My blood pressure was going up and down. I will never let the give this to me again. I was there 6 hours and let with no relief. I felt like I was tortured . Reglan and Benadryl"
"I suffer from bi-polar depression, borderline and anxiety. The doctor recently added Wellbutrin SR have been on it 6 weeks along with Lithium and clonazapam. 
I have having horrible nightmares, gaining weight? Retaining fluid. Getting sadder about everything."
"I have had asthma for some 20 years. Tried everything on the market. Was using rescue inhaler 10 times a day. Finally was put on Symbicort, and after one day was breathing easier. No coughing, wheezing, or tightness.
Only side effect that has bothered me is, severe muscle cramps in my sides. I&#039;ll take cramps over not breathing any day."
"I have taken Dramamine every day of my adult
Life. I have suffered from motion sickness my entire life and it is not unusual for me to become motion sick from working on the computer if I haven&#039;t taken a Dramamine yet. I recently noticed yellowing of my skin and eyes. My doctor Ordered blood work and I was diagnosed with Hepatitis A. there is no reason I would have contracted hepatitis. Is there a correlation with Dramamine?"
"I take Valtrex for cold sores.  Just taking 2, twice a day for one day, and the next day it is gone.  It is really a life saver.  Anyone who has ever had a cold sore should really talk to your doctor about keeping Valtrex on hand."
"I had the operation and tried all other drugs. For the past 2 years I have been on 500 MG Tikosyn and only go in AFIB for about 2 days every 2 months. Only problem is Tikosyn increases the cost like crazy about twice a month. Sure hope there will be a generic soon"
"I have had severe migraines for 15 years and no medication has been able to give me much relief until I tried Zipsor. My doctor gave me a few samples, to take up to 4 a day (which I assumed I&#039;d be doing when a migraine came along). I took one pill and felt relief within 30 minutes and much better after an hour. I am so glad I have this medicine, it&#039;s a miracle!"
"I&rsquo;ve just started using the patch and other then getting some very minor headaches it&rsquo;s been great!! I can have unprotected sex, though we still use condoms to be safe, and not worry about getting pregnant again!! Everyone&rsquo;s body is different!! The only other thing that I&rsquo;ve experienced with the patch is an increase in my sex drive. But to any girl or woman looking to use a method of BC I recommend the Xulane patch!"
"I have used all known sleepers and other off label medicines for sleepers and I have taken Silenor 6 mg for 3 nights.  It is amazing.  I fall asleep with no problems and stay asleep for 7-8 hours.  No hang over or other side effects.  I had been taking Remeron 60mg for sleep, as it was the best of all I had tried. I thought the Remeron was doing an okay job until I tried the Silenor.  I am thrilled and feel more rested then I have in years."
"Methotrexate was damaging my lungs (fibrous complications) so my Rheumatologist put me on 5mg. Xeljanz twice daily. The Humira/Methotrexate combination I was using previously worked very well for me except for the lung problems. 
I&#039;ve been using the Xeljanz for about a month and it&#039;s not been good. My hands and feet hurt a lot more and all the time. I see my doctor in a couple of weeks so I&#039;m hoping he can come up with something more effective."
"My Doctor started me on 30 mg when I was diagnosed 13 months ago. I jog, hike, and lift weights and was experiencing lows quite frequently so my doctor and I decided to reduce my dosage to 15 mg. The lower dosage works great for me. My lows are more predictable and are not as frequent. Off setting the lows temporarily is easily accomplished with food or juice. I have not experienced any swelling, nor any side effects that I am aware of other than the occasional lows (80s). I think this is due to the low dosage, regular exercise, my diuretics for high blood pressure and watching what I eat carefully. I am very satisfied thus far with Actos."
"I&#039;ve had phenomenal experience with the Estring.  My boyfriend refills the prescription, and he remembers when it is time to change it.   I do worry about the belly fat, I did not know it was related to the Estring. "
"I got my first yeast infection when I was 16, my mom went and bought me monistat 7 and it worked great I felt better within a day. About two months ago I got the symptoms of a yeast infection but without the discharge. Unsure of what I had I went and bought monistat 7 again and it burned and itched worse than anything I&#039;ve felt. I bawled my eyes out and it didn&#039;t stop for hours. I continued to take it for 2 more nights with the same symptoms and then went to the gyno that Monday. Turns out I had a bacterial infection and that is why it was burning so horribly. If it burns you to the point where you are In tears GO TO THE DOCTOR! It is probably not a yeast infection!"
"10/10! i took this an hour after we had fucked. i wondered why it felt so good. so i made his dumbass go out and buy the shit since it was his fault. he had no choice. but it works but there was blood everywhere."
"I started taking Effexor at age 19 after about 2 1/2 years on Prozac. The reason for the switch was that I developed anxiety problems at that age in addition to depression, and the Prozac was not treating the anxiety. Effexor works very well to treat both anxiety and depression but if I stop taking it for even 1-2 days (which is often because I am very forgetful) I become extremely depressed for the next 1-2 days. Right now I am in one such down swing after taking my Effexor for the first time in about 5 days. If you avoid doing that though you should be fine, the medication does help a lot."
"After 6 months of severe congestion, sinusitis, and bronchitis that triggered wheezing with my asthma, unsuccessfully treated with other antibiotics, my doctor prescribed Avelox.  I can breathe and not wheezing and on my way to less congestion!  I have not had side effects that preclude my stopping this medicine.  Powerful and effective."
"My gall bladder was acting up and the pain was terrible.  I took a Protonix as soon as I got out of the doctors office (with a sandwich and doctor pepper) about 15 seconds later I was burping like CRAZY.  Viola!! The pain subsided considerably in less than 3 minutes.  AN hour later it was like I never even had the pain!  I felt MUCH, MUCH better."
"I have been on a Yaz/Yasmin generic for about 1 1/2 years now. I originally started taking it to deal with constant and stubborn acne, which it slightly improved. Once I started taking Spironolactone to supplement the birth control, acne ceased completely. However, the weight gain, bloating and insatiable appetite I have experienced on this birth control pill is intolerable enough that I have decided to stop taking it. Since I was already on an antidepressant, I didn&#039;t experience the common mood swings associated with this pill. I would caution future users to keep close track of their weight and drink tons of water to curb the bloated look, but that can only do so much. For acne, I recommend just trying Spiro."
"Okay so let me tell you all  about my journey with Plan B One-Step.  I had unprotected sex. I don&#039;t know for sure if my boyfriend had *****  inside me or not so I took the pill. And so I took the pill 30 mins after. I got my period a day early.  Yes it does work if you think it earlier  but be aware I had a very bad mood swings I was angry or allot. And had very bad stomach and head pains that I thought I might die at any second.  I&#039;m not trying to scare anybody away from the drug I&#039;m just warning people.  The reason why I don&#039;t give a 10 stars  is because of the pain and discomfort  I was in .  But I did work."
"Terrific supplement to increase blood flow.    I order 20mg pills and break them into 10mg halves.   I do have to pop a couple Ibuprofen, as Cialis does give me a headache.

The only other negative is to make sure your spouse or GF is in the mood before taking the pill.    The last thing you want is to be ready to go without a willing partner ;)"
"I&#039;m going into my 5th month on accutane at 60mg. The first 4 months yielded minimal if any results and I got the biggest cystic lesion in my history of acne in the 3rd month. Now, my skin is cleared of acne lesions and congestion. My skin is red, sensitive, and scarred and hyper pigmented. My eyes are dry and my lips require Aquaphor frequently. Overall, this medication has brought me confidence that I forgot I had. My derm said &quot;wow look at your skin it looks wonderful.&quot; It made me emotional to hear. If you are considering this drug for persistent acne then my recommendation is to make this decision with your doctor. You will not be disappointed. Nothing else worked for me and I tried every med out there topically and orally, hormonally."
"I&#039;ve been using Yaz for almost two months and I won&#039;t be continuing with this pill. Almost immediately after I changed from Qlaira to Yaz I noticed my anxiety levels rising, I&#039;m not one to constantly worry and have always had this joy for life, but not since taking Yaz. I don&#039;t even feel like waking up and doing what I love. My sex drive is very, very, very low and I&#039;m very dry down there. I&#039;m very moody and fight with my fiance on  a daily basis. My breasts have gone up an entire cup size and they are really tende. I have severe abdominal pains and nausea. I cannot wait to start a different pill."
"Before starting Paxil, I was extremely depressed. I did not want to talk to people or have to leave the house for any reason. (Albeit I&#039;m 22). When I would have to go somewhere such as school or the doctor&#039;s office I would dread having to leave and I&#039;d be having an internal melt down the entire duration of getting dressed. It didn&#039;t matter what I wrote or how much make up I had on, I felt like I was so ugly that people would just stop and stare at me (which I am not ugly and they would not stop and stare). Sometimes I&#039;d be so intimidated from just having to walk through a door into a room and have someone look up that I&#039;d just turn around and go back home. This medicine took all that away and changed my life."
"Made me very nervous. I have not had a full blown panic attack while on this medication. I just feel on edge every minute I&#039;m awake."
"This medicine is great. It has changed the way I feel on a daily basis. Every month about 1 week before my period all my muscles would hurt as if I was lifting heavy weights. I do work out but not hard enough to be that sore all week. I talk to my doctor and found out that I had PMDD. I was always in a bad mood and little things at home would just set me off but thanks to the combination of both I feel a lot better about myself and am always in a great mood. When I first started the Celexa I was always tired but know I have more energy. I have not had any issues with any of the medicine."
"Did 2.5 mg/day for 1 week, moved to 5 mg after that. After 10 days, developed mild ringing in ears and a few other mild symptoms. Stopped Cialis. Too late, damage already done to hair cells in cochlea (inner ear). Then did Prednisone (5 days at 30 mg, then 5 days at 15 mg), which seems to have helped the ringing in the ears. After 6 weeks of no Cialis I then started again but this 2nd round had NO side effects at all and ringing in ears seems to be diminishing. Been on 5 mg again now for 3 weeks, all ok, very good positive effects (but ringing hasn&#039;t completely gone). My drug plan pays 100% luckily as long as I buy it in 90 day supply ($450) to incur only 1 pharma dispensing fee."
"I was prescribed diclegis by my OB for extreme nausea and vomiting during pregnancy. Diclegis is not covered by insurance so I researched what it was and it&#039;s basically unisom and Vitamin B6. Now the active ingredient is what is in the sleep tabs, not gels. The gels have diphenhydramine so if you are using this review to help ease nausea during pregnancy, make sure you are buying the sleep tabs. Anyway, I take one tab at night (Check it is the right dose  doxylamine 10mg) and it totally works. I don&#039;t wake up feeling nauseated at all and I sleep through the night. I do feel a little groggy in the AM, but it&#039;s hard to tell if it&#039;s from the pill or pregnancy in general. Upon further research, I discovered that the tabs were originally so designed to help with nausea. Hope this helps!"
"I have tried over 20 different medications, and Trintellix is the best fit for me. I always describe its effect for me as &quot;being able to turn everything down in my head.&quot; I can see how this might not be a good fit for others as it might certainly aggravate &quot;feeling nothing&quot; or &quot;feeling detached.&quot; However, as my issue is primarily that I feel TOO much and am unable to step back from my emotions and intrusive, racing thoughts, Trintellix&#039;s &quot;detachment&quot; is extremely helpful for me. 

I do get nausea for the first week upon taking Trinellix or upping my dosage; however, this subsides for me. I was on 10mg for 8 months and have now increased my dosage to 20mg in hopes of it being even more effective."
"Killed the sinus infection in about a day. I have had chronic sinusitis for 15 years, and this is my go-to medicine."
"6+ years on Synthroid, and this is what I have to show for it..Used to be a size 12 now a 28, no periods, pain all over, Hypo symptoms still, mental and mood symptoms ( anxiety, depression, mood swings) My Growth Hormone is only 40 and my FSH is 78. I can&#039;t have children. Finally switched to Cytomel, it broke me out, and still had same symptoms as above. My level was over 20 last they checked. Just got a RX for Armour, hoping I finally get my life back"
"I got Liletta in February. The insertion hurt a little but not too bad and it only lasted a couple minutes (I took ibuprofen 20 minutes before). I was not on my period when I had it inserted. I only had cramping for like 20 minutes after and it was just in my legs. My first period after getting the IUD lasted for a little over 3 weeks and would switch between spotting and heavy bleeding. Since then, my period comes on the same day every month and is very light (fingers crossed it just goes away). I usually can get away with just wearing a liner. I do get leg cramps every time I have a period now though. Usually ibuprofen will make them go away. I haven&#039;t had weight gain or acne but I am super emotional now. More than I&#039;ve ever been."
"heray for pepto !!!"
"Have used Abilify for about 18 months and it has helped me in all aspects. Can focus and can control the racing thoughts and mania attacks. It helps with the outburst and have lost weight."
"I&#039;ve had anxiety and severe panic attacks for a year now. 10 mg helped but still had attacks on the weekend. I just started 20 mg so hopefully that will stop them completely! The two weeks of side effects (headache, insomnia) are worth the end result!"
"DON&quot;T take with Paxil."
"I have herniated disc as well as severe arthritis in my shoulders and arms.  I have had many days of severe pain and restless nights, very painful mornings while being on many different narcotics that didn&#039;t help very much.  After starting Neurontin the pain has almost completely gone.  I am still on Roxicodone but the Neurontin has made all the difference in the world.  I can raise my arms above my head, something I haven&#039;t done in months.  It does make me a little sleepy but I am sure that will go away, I have only been taking it for a week now.  My opinion it to take it at night, everyone needs a good night sleep anyway.  It is great for me."
"I got my mirena on February 9th.
I gave it a 9 because I&#039;ve only had it for 2 weeks but I have had little to no issue
Getting it was like a really bad cramp, I did get dizzy. But it went away shortly after.
My doctor said I had to be on my period and I was on day 2 of my cycle and it actually stopped it, only spotted for 2 days afterwards. Hormonal problems tend to ruin in my family as well has severe PMS. This actually helped me. I also have suffered from anxiety and my anxiety decreased significantly, my husband actually noticed this before me. I feel normal for once. Which makes me extremely happy :)"
"I had kyleena inserted two weeks ago.  I&#039;m 20.  No children.  I took a xanax about 45 mins before the procedure and it was over very quickly. The pain was a 7-8 out of 10 but only lasted for a minute. The most unpleasant part was the startling awareness of the feeling of the device in my uterus. I didn&#039;t take any pain medicine after,  just ate some ice cream and took a nap. I have brown discharge on a daily basis, and from what I&#039;ve read this should go away soon. I&#039;ve never had acne, but I am currently dealing with a rough breakout (8 bumps appeared on the same day). Also dealing with uterus spams that come and go but are not painful... feels like uterus is shaking..."
"This shot is saving my life.  The first 5 days after injection were difficult due to side effects (nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, muscle aches) but they have since dissipated.  I no longer feel any effects and have been clean from IV heroin for 29 days.  I highly suggest this shot for anybody looking to stay off of opiates."
"I had got my Implant Birth control put in Oct. 2016. I was the lucky one to hit all the side affects. Mood Swings, Banging Headaches and  hot/cold flashes. Oh and of course I&#039;m that 1 in a million girl who has had her period for 6-7 months now. I&#039;m around 140 lbs now. I&#039;ve gained a little weight but I&#039;m not sure if that was from the birth control, or me over eating sometimes. I&#039;ve had the birth control for about 7/8 months now. I still get the mild headaches everyday, Motrin helps with that. My Sex-drive decreased tremendously. Doc said to try taking 600 mg Ibu-profen every 6hrs for 5 days straight to reduce the flow of my period. I&#039;ve tried it but I wasn&#039;t very consistent due to busy work schedule. So Far, I&#039;m thinking about removing the Nexplanon."
"Right after I had the Implanon removed I switched to Generess Fe, I have been taking the pill over 2 months now and haven&#039;t experienced any nausea or vomiting.  No problems with acne. Does what it should - prevents pregnancy and lightens periods."
"Doc prescribed ortho-tri lo but my insurance paid for this alternative. After 2 weeks of taking this pill, I&#039;ve had cramps and spotting every day and feel very bloated and irritable. I have a call into my doctor asking if I should see it through and hope things improve or just stop and get this out of my system. Frustrating."
"Lifted my mood within the first few weeks of taking - upped dose from 10mg to 20mg but didn&#039;t see any change. Kind of flat-lined after that (felt like a bit of a zombie). Side effects weren&#039;t too bad though - night sweats, some minor headaches &amp; restlessness."
"Long story short: I have chronic, debilitating pain as a result of Degenerative Disc Disease. I am currently taking 80 mg./day of Methadone, 20 mg. every six hours. Much of the time I take less. Up until the end of December, I was taking Morphine ER, 200 mg./day with 15 mg. immediate release Morphine for breakthrough pain. Unfortunately, my Rx drug plan (and every other I checked) has stopped paying for extended release Morphine as a result of the exhorbinate cost. Not being wealthy, I had to switch to Methadone. Now the fatigue is ruining my life. I&#039;ll have to hope for an alternative. Methadone does work on the pain, but the fatigue is just too much."
"Love it. I had 2mg for pancreatitis in the hospital. I hear the pills are good for severe pain, I have never had the pill though. It can make you sick on your stomach though."
"Here is the update. I had my first lab on Sept 1 and my viral load went from 44,000 to 380. My CD4 results didn&#039;t come yet.
I will keep you guys updated."
"Been off/on antidepressants for 20  years. Been on 100 mg of Zoloft for about 5 years now and was having some adverse effects- gained a lot of weight for starters.  Started Pristiq about 3 weeks ago. I feel a lot clearer in the mind- guess I didn&#039;t realize the Fog I was in on the Zoloft. I&#039;m not hungry- lost seven pounds in the first two weeks. Had some headaches while switching over. Sleep hasn&#039;t been a problem- but I have found that I need to take the meds at the same time in the mornings or I have headaches. So far, so good. Hopefully it will continue long term. I will probably be on meds the rest of my life- I&#039;ve come to terms with that. Hoping this will be the last one I&#039;m on!"
"I have PCOS and so I have a great amount of upper lip hair and on my chin. Instead of pulling 20 chin hair a day I pull about 4-5 if I use the product 2 times per day. I have also noticed over the past 3 months that the hair on my head has been falling out so I backed off on using this product to 1 time per day.  I continue to lose a number of hairs from my head everyday.  I know if I back off to using Vaniqua once every other day my chin and lip hair will increase so not sure what to do."
"Went to the dentist June 14th, with Toothache, had some x rays taken, and saw there was an abscess on one of my upper right teeth. Prescribed me with 200mg, 3 per day of metronidazole which I have had before.  By the Thursday evening the right side of my face was swollen,  and Excruciating pain. Friday was no better. Today, (Saturday) swelling and pain had subsided a lot, but still there, especially in the jaw at the bottom. Hoping that by Monday, last day of taking them the abscess would have gone completely.  Back to the dentist in 3 wks time either to have root canal or have the tooth extracted."
"I begun using doxycyline in December of 2014, I have been struggling with acne since the fourth grade and something needed to be done. My acne got worse the first month but the second and third was a drastic improvement. It is now July and my skin has never looked so great."
"I was diagnosed with a missed miscarriage last week, but I had no external symptoms. I waited a week and still no bleeding. So my ob/gyn prescribed for me misoprostol (Cytotec) which induces contractions and therefore bleeding etc. I was given Tylenol 3 to take to reduce the pain. I had excruciating pain from the contractions to the point that sometimes I could hardly move or talk. I took 400 Advil (Iboprufen)  and felt a little better. I know the Tylenol 3 had no effect on me because it didn&#039;t even make me sleepy, not even a bit.
n.b. I don&#039;t drink, don&#039;t smoke, don&#039;t use drugs and therefore I don&#039;t believe I have tolerance to any narcotics. Regular Tylenol never works for my kind of pains anyway."
"ultram is the only drug ive had that relieved my pain without side effects
i never require increase of dosage which suits me ...i dont want to be sleep
ly at work so its great for that too"
"My diagnosis: MDD. It is more of a situational depression. I can be ok for years, but as a single mom, business owner and a few family struggles, the stress sneaks up on me and before I know it, there&#039;s anxiety, loss of interest, agitation, guilt, shame and some paranoia. I Tried Zoloft and it was ok. Tried cetalophram and couldn&#039;t tell if it was working. A doctor gave me venlafaxine a few years ago. I took it for a year and almost took for granted how absolutely life changing this medication was. I lost my insurance when the prescription ran out, so I went without it for a few years. I went back on it last week and it worked again almost instantly. No side effects here just peace!"
"I got the copper IUD (the brand I have is the Mona Lisa) implanted about 4 hours ago and so far am pleased. I am 22, no kids. I took 800mg ibuprofen 30 minutes before and I took another 400mg an hour after. Insertion was painful even after they numbed my cervix a bit but truly not that bad. They warned me when it would hurt so I could anticipate it. It was all over very quickly and I had no trouble walking out of the clinic. About 15 minutes afterward I had some nasty cramps and pain set in, the ibuprofen did not really help but the heating pad has been somewhat helpful. I just sort of had to put up with it. I napped a bit and the cramps are now subsiding, so I hope they stay that way! No spotting or bleeding yet. Will update in 1 month."
"This drug is no longer available in the United States."
"I have been taking reclipsen for 3 months (just finished my third package). I was on Yaz for one year, then Lutera, and now am on Reclipsen. Out of the 3, Reclipsen is hands down my favorite. I stopped taking Yaz after reading scary reviews online, and hearing negative reviews from other women I know. The side effects I experienced were noticable. I experienced a lot of spotting between periods, and if I forgot to take the pill at the exact same time every day, my period started right away--sometimes just hours later! Lutera made my fairly-clear skin break out, and made me EXTREMELY moody and often depressed. 

The main side effect I have noticed with Reclipsen is breast growth. At least a cup size this last month! (no complaints)."
"I am a 73 year old male.  I have sufered from periodic leg movement most of my life.  Lately it has been getting worse to the point that it could take me hours to fall asleep.  In addition to that, I have been having nightmares in which I try to protect myself from some threat.  My defense was to punch my wife on the arm.  I have also experienced sleep walking.  I had been taking to sleeping in the spare bedroom so that my wife could get some sleep. This was not a solution that suited either one of us.  When I began taking Requip  I experienced relief from the very first night.  I now routinely sleep the whole night through without nightmares or restless legs/periodic limp movenent."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control since I was a junior in high school attempting to clear up my skin. I&#039;ve tried many different kinds, but Nikki combined with Accutane was the only thing that cleared my skin up. Now that I&#039;m finished with Accutane I&#039;m wanting to get off of the bc as well but I&#039;m terrified of the acne coming back. Has anyone else had painful intercourse while on the pill? I recently have been experiencing a lot of pain and my sex drive has went downhill. I did gain weight when I started birth control I was 107 when I started and last time I went to the gyn I was 135. I rarely ever had a period while on this pill. The side effects were really a give and take for me as I was desperate for clear skin but I&#039;ve had about enough of it."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena since 2004.  I had my first one removed after 3 years and was pregnant within a month!  At my 6 week appointment I had another inserted.  Three years later, we wanted another child and were pregnant in a couple of months.  Amazing.  I will admit, after the first one was inserted I cramped and it was miserable for two weeks.  Every one since went in easy and out easy.  I&#039;ve had no period to speak of for years. I&#039;m coming up on the five year mark and am totally planning on another!"
"I took Avonex for 18 years and was recently prescribed Tecfidera. I have only been on it for three months. I was so happy to not have to inject, but swallowing these pills twice a day takes getting use to. The two side effects I seem to have is being exhausted all the time and my depression seems to be a little worse."
"I&#039;ve been using Epiduo for about 8 months now and just like you, I was constantly scrolling through websites to see if this stuff really works. Let me tell you that it does..

When I first started using it, I had at least 5 spots a day and my skin also had lots of small bumps underneath it which you couldn&#039;t really see in certain lights, but none the less, it didn&#039;t give my skin a great look. 

So during the first few weeks of Epiduo, you will most probably break out, a lot. I did, and yes it is disheartening but the results are so worth it. My skin is now near perfect and although I sometime do get the odd spot, I am no longer self conscious about my skin, which I definitely was before!

Please stick with it, you will not regret it!"
"My Doctor just prescribed this to me today, 300 mg once a day for 2 days, and then 2 a day for 2 days, and then 3 a day thereafter. 
He said it would make me really tired, as I am also on methadone. But I took the one before I was gonna go to bed, and I cannot sleep at all. I am so anxious and on edge right now.. This medication is definitely not for me...I took it a couple hours ago and I&#039;m thinking about making myself puke because its time release so maybe  it&#039;s not all in me yet? That is how bad this anxiety is. 
And since I&#039;m on methadone, I no longer am prescribed Valium. So this really sucks as I don&#039;t have anything to take this edge off."
"I&#039;m 5 weeks into taking Duloxetine for depression and anxiety and have had an overall positive experience.  My anxiety was greatly reduced after only 4 days on 40mg per day including stopping negative thoughts, no more panic attacks at night etc.  The second week I was very tired and depressed without the anxiety, sleeping many hours each day.  But by the third week both depression and anxiety were greatly reduced.  However by the end of the month the anxiety had started to return slightly and my doctor has now increased the dose to 80mg per day.  I had slight nausea, dry mouth and loss of appetite, and some indigestion during the first week or so and now again since I have upped the dose but I imagine these will disappear again soon."
"Unfortunately my procedure didn&#039;t go like it should have, but I&#039;m one of few who has had this happen so don&#039;t freak out.
But when it was inserted, it was sharp mild cramps but I had taken some pain killers before just to be safe and as they were cutting my strings, they had yanked a little and it was ripped out. The nurse and doctor apologized, saying they had miss measured me and didn&#039;t put it in all the way. So they redid the thing again. But, I must say I&#039;ve loved it. I&#039;ve had a few instances where I should have been pregnant but the IUD did it&#039;s job. Although, I worry a lot over possibilities of it failing, so use extra protection just in case. But so far works 100% for me"
"I love it. It really helps me. I used it after carpal tunnel surgery and I felt no pain with it. I&#039;m using it again because I have kidney stones and this is helping me again. My only problem with it is that after taking it for surgery I had withdrawal symptoms for a day or two...a nasty headache. That was the only problem with it."
"I was prescribed Victoza after developing insulin resistance after having my son. I consistently gained 10 pounds per year, despite increased activity levels. I was 5&#039;7&quot;, and 246 pounds. I want to lose 60 pounds. When I first began Victoza, it made me incredibly sick. I had to dial my dose back to .1, and increase by one point every week. Even at that low dose, I experienced decreased appetite, and weight loss. I have also noticed that my constant cravings have mostly disappeared. After 6 months, I  down 45 pounds, and feeling great. My blood sugars are in the normal range, for the first time in FOUR years. This medicine has changed my life."
"Great for the asthma bad for the mood. 
Cleared up the runny nose and the cough.
Started to make me think of some very bad things. I was getting angry with everyone over relatively anything."
"Requip was effective, and I thought that I couldn&#039;t live without it.  HOWEVER, after about 10 years of increasingly disturbing nightmares, one dangerously extreme nightmare made me realize that something was very wrong.  After stopping the Requip, problem solved.  Now I take one Aleve at one hour before bedtime, and most nights sleep okay.  I have heard that some doctors believe that RLS is actually a spinal disc problem, and since I do have a bulge in a lower-back disc, this could be my problem."
"38 yo male, Low T, 290 at start, put on Androgel for 4 months, levels went lower even though I felt better and lost about 10lbs and put on a bit of muscle, went to Urologist for it going lower, he didn&#039;t like the absorption of Androgel so put me on Testim. Been on Testim for 3 days now, smell is strong and lingers all day for me, not bad but not good, 4 people made comments my first day on it, 2 good 2 bad. Still a hit to my ego, wife doesn&#039;t mind the smell, my kids said it is weird but okay, one female coworker said she liked it, lol. They all thought it was a new deodorant. Not sticky if you rub it in real good. I put it on last night before bed, no smell today after morning shower. Hope it still helps me this way though."
"Horrible mood swings since starting the pill. Emotionally numb, headaches, constant anxiety, nonexistent sex drive. I was switched to this pill by my doc because I had breakthrough bleeding on my other pill."
"I was prescribed Contrave by my doctor 3 weeks ago. I&#039;m on week 3 and the side effects are just too much to deal with. My starting weight was 196lb and I&#039;ve only lost 3 pounds. I work out 3x a week and walk daily. I changed my eating habits to stay under 1200 calories daily. Anyone who is looking to take this medication hopefully you can handle the nausea and vomiting, headaches and sweats. I wouldn&#039;t recommend Contrave it&#039;s not worth the money in my opinion."
"THIS DRUG IS ABUSED BY KIDS.  They take it to &quot;trip&quot; until it kills them or at best screws up their lives until we parents figure it out!!!  
This is not a joke!!
Get this junk out of your house and for the sake of your own kids, tell your pharmacist that they shouldn&#039;t sell it to kids!"
"Been on Adipex-p for 28 days and have lost 20 pounds. Doctor put me on it because I am menopausal and have a hard time losing weight. First week had a hard time sleeping but now no problems, I check my blood pressure daily and no issues there. Definitely get dry mouth with it that has been my only issue, I usually chew gum and keep a drink handy. Glad I was given this drug, doubt I would have lost what I did without it."
"I have had my Implanon for about a month now and it&#039;s been a very good experience so far.  I got it inserted on about the third day of my period for that month and it stopped the next day (my periods usually last five to six days).  I recently started my period again and it&#039;s lasted for a whole week, but it&#039;s been really light and diluted and will likely be done by tomorrow.  I have had no negative side effects aside from my forehead broke out slightly for about a week, but washing my face more often helped with that.  I haven&#039;t experienced any kind of changes in appetite or sex drive.  I was losing weight before getting the Implanon and I have continued to lose weight since without any problems.
Definitely worth it!"
"I started on this medication while traveling in Latin America, where it is widely prescribed for arthritis and tendonitis. I&#039;m an active 52 yr old female and otherwise in good health. I have moderate to severe joint pain in my hips and knees. I have been on Meloxicam for over a year now with no side effects and very good relief. I take it first thing in the morning to relieve my morning pain and stiffness. I have noticed that some people respond well to Alleve but not at all to Advil. I am of that group and so Meloxicam works well for me, better than Alleve. Many who respond well to Advil but not to Alleve seem to have adverse reactions to Meloxicam. Just mentioning this correlation because it seems to be a good indicator of effectiveness."
"It helps with my problems"
"My entire life since a young child I&#039;ve been fighting post traumatic stress disorder, anxiety and depression. I didn&#039;t even know it until I was about 22. I was in a very bad car accident and it changed my life and worsened my anxiety. My panic attacks were so bad I&#039;d be just sobbing and screaming and crying and freaking out in waves throughout the whole day. I finally sucked up my pride and admitted something was wrong and I needed to see a Doctor. I went and he immediately put me on 20 mg dose. It was great I did calm down quite a bit and when I&#039;d have flashbacks it came without panic attacks. It&#039;s been a year and I&#039;ve hit the poop-out. I was at 40mg 4 months ago and now I&#039;m at 5mg and take Wellbutrin XL for this last month to regain my energy. ITS WORKING."
"Horrible breakouts!
So disappointed."
"I have been using Tramadol for back pain due to spinal fusion. I found that when I am on a higher dose, I feel OK but once I am under 200 mg a day, it doesn&#039;t work for me. Unfortunately, this medicine has to be weened from so I have to go through the lower dosages to be able to try another medicine."
"I have frequent episodes of diverticulitis. My doctor prescribes a 10-day supply of Bactrim DS. Many times 10 days is not enough to completely clear up the problem so I wind up needing an additional 10 days worth of medicine.

I have not had any bad side effects from this drug. I wish someone would create a drug to prevent diverticulitis."
"Started Saxendra on Tues. July 25th. 46 years old, 5&#039;6&quot; starting weight 201lbs. 
Starting dose 0.6. Was still hungry and craving sugars and bad snacks. 
Upped dosage for second week to 1.2
Day 3 of 1.2 mg huge headache with nausea/vomiting. Had to come home from work. 
On Monday I tweaked my neck backing up a trailer at the boat launch. So, I&#039;m attributing the vertigo and nausea to that?
I went for a chiropractic adjustment today for my neck. I guess we&#039;ll see if that is the cause of my nausea.  Could be the drug, could be the tweak? 
Since I&#039;ve upped the dose to 1.2 I&#039;m not hungry at all and nothing seems to be appetizing. Forcing myself to eat something. 
the &quot;off switch&quot; in my brain  to tell me when I&#039;m full finally works!!!!"
"The Losartan did not control my blood pressure very well, and after about 6 months I developed arrhythmia and chest tightness. Went back on Benicar and symptoms decreased dramatically within 48 hours."
"I have been using phentermine since August 28, 2009. My starting weight was 225lbs.  As of September 14, 2009 I weighed 212 lbs. I have lost 13 lbs so far through the use of phentermine along with proper dieting and exercise.  This is the best thing that has ever happened to me!"
"This will be my 2nd experience with cipro first was for a injection infection (7 day prescription vs prostatitis 6 weeks).  My infection was considered fairly serious so I think I will continue to see improvement until week 3.  Doctors generally tone down the sides handing this to you, but will admit sides &quot;yea you&#039;ll have that&quot; when u get them.

I warn the side effects can be terrible.  Everyone reacts a bit different.  I know anytime I take this by day 4&#039;s dose I begin to have soft stool that burns the anus and causes skin bleeding.  Excessive wiping is bad as it only irritates - try some petroleum to the area.  Also this antibiotic is really bad on healthy gut bacteria.  Recommend yogurt and probiotic.  Keep the 2 hour calcium rule in mind and drink crazy amounts of water."
"I started using Jolivette after my daughter was born; while I was breastfeeding. I&#039;ve tried a lot of different types of BC over the years. This option was just OK - I really like using Seasonique better and will probably switch over at some point in the future. I&#039;m not sure about weight gain (as I did just have a baby recently), but I have had A LOT of spotting... and it feels like it&#039;s never going to end."
"Side effects I experience are blurry vision, frequent bruising on arms and legs, and occasional, moderate nose bleeds."
"I was in a car wreck about 2.5 years ago, which broke the Harrington rods I had in my back for scoliosis since the age of 15. I am now 28 and feel like I am 80! I have been on Tylenol 3s &amp; 4s, Vicodin 10mg, Oxycodone 15mg, and then Kadian finally helped me. I have been on the Kadian 30mg twice a day for about 9 or 10 months. It gave me hope, although it does take a couple weeks to start to really kick in. No high feeling, and really takes the base pain away. Soon I will have the rod taken out and that probably wont help the C2,3,4 in my neck and the L5 and S1 discs that are smashed and pushing into my spinal cord. But I can give my 5 year old a bath, walk the dog, etc. It is about $383 per month insurance covering the cost! Saved my life!"
"Hey, yeah so....I put this in about 9pm last night before I read all y&#039;all reviews so, kinda got spooked but, I didn&#039;t experience any burning, itching , or discomfort. The Gel did melt everywhere outside my vagina which took away any itchiness from my vulva. I recommend sleeping with no panties so you can really air out, just be cautious not to stain anything. It&#039;s about 11am &amp; I can tell my YI is completely gone. I am gone to shower &amp; wipe all the melted gel off my outsides &amp; let the rest of medicine still inside me marinate throughout the day."
"I&#039;ve had panic and anxiety really bad for 18 years. Some days where ok and other days where terrible . I forgot really what normal felt like. In 2012 it just got worse. Panic attacks every day.  I couldn&#039;t control it no more. I broke down and seeked help. My Dr put me on lexpro.  I was super scared at first to take it because of all the storys on the internet about it. I had a few side effects, but nothing to bad.  Best thing I ever did. Been on lexpro for over two years now and not one single panic attack. I feel like a totally normal person, it&#039;s great. My life improved 100%, and that&#039;s no lie."
"I&#039;m sixteen, and I got this put in May 14th, 2014. For about a week and a half I had no bleeding, but since May 26th I&#039;ve had constant bleeding. My friend who is on Nexplanon said she bled for two months when she first got it and then had one regular period after that. I have a little more acne than usual but I can deal with it. I haven&#039;t gained any weight, in fact I&#039;ve lost weight. My long period is really putting a damper on my sex life. Also it&#039;s summer time and obviously I&#039;m going to want to swim a lot, yet I have to worry about a period as I do so. Overall, the only side affect that&#039;s really getting to me is my period, which is mostly heavy right now. I&#039;m hoping it will go away soon because I&#039;m sick of it."
"Let&#039;s see. When I first started this Med was for depression and anxiety. Within a month I felt good, after two months great! I stopped taking it thinking I could manage and that made me worse after 3-6 months. I had to get back on it plus klonopin for the anxiety. Well I did it again, i started running out and couldn&#039;t afford to go to the doctor so I was talking it every other day.... I think it made it less effective. I&#039;ve been so depressed, tired, anxious, dizzy etc... I was able to afford to go back the weeks ago and get my refills... So I&#039;m three weeks in... Still feeling down and out. But I know I&#039;ve got to give it the full 6-8 weeks. Just never get off!! It works well if taken right."
"Hi I really wanted to share my experience as I read so many reviews that made me scared to take this drug. I switched after citalopram stopped working for me. I am now 4 months in and on 50mg (started on 20 and increased slowly) I have had no side effects with this drug apart from a dry mouth for about 2 days. My anxiety improved within days, not an instant cure but I was coping better. I feel that I am nearly back to normal now after what a period of crippling anxiety. I still feel worried sometimes but can now rationalise thing and the intrusive thoughts are about gone (fingers crossed!) I wanted to leave a positive review the reviews I read terrified me."
"If your heart starts racing and you get out of breath at the sheer thought of public speaking, not to mention the act of public speaking itself; then this stuff is what you are looking for!!!!! People, this is the medication that we have been searching for (and as far as I&#039;m concerned...didn&#039;t know existed).
Thank you God!"
"I have peripheral neuropathy &amp; another chronic pain condition. This drug was the only one that has relieved both almost completely. It is very costly if your insurance will not cover. My doctor had knew nothing about it but let me try. I have taken all of the other opiates &amp; this is the only one that worked very well for both issues. I dont understand why it is not more widely prescribed. Grayson"
"I started at 25 mg and slowly made my way up to 125mg. It&#039;s really not doing much. It has blocked my panic attacks but doesn&#039;t seem to do much for everyday anxiety. This is week 5 and I&#039;m thinking of trying a new medication.  

The side effects aren&#039;t as bad. I didn&#039;t have any appetite changes and no sexual side effects (sex drive improved). Only side effect I had was a dry mouth after &gt;100 mg dosages - it is pretty annoying but its not that bad. Other side effect is random episodes of being tired - (again this side effect wasn&#039;t that bad). 

The only really bad thing I have to say about it is that it didn&#039;t really work for my generalized anxiety disorder. It does block panic attacks though! I highly recommend for bad panic attack sufferers."
"Klonopin has been instrumental in getting my anxiety disorder under control.  I take 0.25 milligrams three times a day...taking 0.5mg at once is too much and causes me to be a space cadet.  It doesn&#039;t work as well on my rare panic attacks, but I have found other ways to cope with breathing exercises and such. Without it I was nearly non-functioning and about to slip into a deep depression.  It has leveled my mood swings and just made life much more bearable (even joyful!). I would much rather have dependency on this medicine and be happy than feel that I am constantly in crisis (and occasionally suicidal)."
"Slight loosening of bowels"
"The weight loss clinic gave me 75 mg which I break into 3 and take 1/3 a day. I don&#039;t take it until around 10:30 am and it works pretty well but starts making me jittery and anxious around 4 or 5 pm. I am extra sensitive to medication and need very little. Problem is I drink wine to get rid of the jitters and then start eating in the evening. The first time I used it I lost 19 pounds. This time I lost about 5 and lost my motivation. I only need to lose about 10 pounds at this point but am stuck. I run so get plenty of exercise."
"I am on week four and have zero side effects. The first three days I was a bit jittery, but that&#039;s it. I have tons more energy and have stopped craving carbohydrates and alcohol. I eat much smaller, healthier portions and am exercising more. I have not experienced the drastic weight loss others have, but so far it seems to be steady. I was down 4 lbs after two weeks. I&#039;m hoping for more weight loss at my weigh in this week."
"My first pack was a nightmare. Horrible nausea, zero sex drive &amp; I felt so bloated all the time. After my first pack, things went smoother. I&#039;ve gained about 15 lbs in the 8 months I&#039;ve been on it but that may not be the pill&#039;s fault. The worst part is how this pill has changed the way my secretions smell I tried everything to change this thinking it was my diet. I&#039;m now off the pill and everything has gone right back to normal. I will probably stay off now for this reason."
"I got the shot to help with my suspected endometriosis pain thinking that things couldn&#039;t get worse but boy was I wrong! I went from having a pretty normal monthly period but with really bad pain to getting migraines which I haven&#039;t experienced since age 13 (I am now 29). At first it pretty much stopped my period untill February  (valentine&#039;s day) after that everything has been hell!  I have unknown skin rashes on all 4 of my limbs that got ridiculously worse and the bleeding has become uncontrollable! 6 months later and I feel like I&#039;m going to die!  I am still getting migraines, I don&#039;t know when my period will ever be normal again. My Dr&#039;s only answer to me is to take the Depo Lupron. No way!  Do yourself a favor and DO NOT GET THIS SHOT"
"For me escitalopram works great. Its truly a miracle in a bottle. I am usually a complete basket case and very short tempered. My irritability is out of control. I just went through a super crazy situation and I feel so calm and at peace. I&#039;ve only taken 2 doses and for me personally I can see a difference. Everyone has a different reaction but mine has been positive."
"Plaquenil has changed my life! I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis three months ago. My rheumotologist started me on this 200mg twice a day and after about a week I noticed a dramatic effect in my hands and feet.  I used to wake up in the morning with swollen hands and feet and it took about a half an hour for the swelling/pain to subside.  No longer is this true! I am 37 years old and finally have enough energy to keep up with my 4 children and busy husband.  I sleep better, feel more focused in the daytime, and do not get tired from doing small tasks anymore.  I am hoping to reduce my dosage and see if I can still get the same results."
"Just what I needed."
"This works! I&#039;m writing this because, for two weeks after taking this I stressed about it being effective. I&#039;m 21, in college, 5&#039;1 and 110 pounds. I don&#039;t take birth control because I am not usually sexually active. Long story short, I had a risky one night stand, unprotected. (stupid, irresponsible) I know. I took plan b one step at around 6:30 the next evening, around 15 hours later. I was especially worried because this was right around ovulation time. I had few side effects. Day 1 was at night, gave me a slight headache and made me depressed. Day 2 I felt fine all day but had a few instances of dizziness. About a week in I had mild cramps and slightly sore breasts. Now, two weeks later, my period came, right on time."
"Miracle drug when I started it three years ago. I had been on every drug before. Recently needed a bladder lift and hoped those new symptoms would stop. Now I have bad issues with urgency and can&#039;t make it to the bathroom. The Myrbetricq is not helping at all. In fact I quit taking it a week ago and I seem better. I am getting ready to try the electrode implants in case this may be a nerve issue. I have been chasing this cure for more that 15 years."
"Just started Neurontin 2 days ago. Dose is 200mg. It has worked wonders for me."
"I am 28 and have severe RA and fibromyalgia. I was on Darvocet which worked good. But then that was taken off the market. I&#039;ve been on Vicodin for a little while now and it works wonders for me.  Which is great since I&#039;m up chasing my 5 yr old all day.  It&#039;s the only other medicine I&#039;ve tried that actually works."
"For me it doesn&#039;t work, not even in one single hair of my face, darker or lighter. I&#039;m using for one month and half and no results till now. What a waste of money"
"Just started  Contrave yesterday, Dec 15, 2016.   First day madee me so dizzy and nauseous.   
Day 2 bought some motion sickness less drowsy!  Really really helped.  Rather be slightly drowsy than dizzy and throwing up.   If you can&#039;t handle the nausea or dizziness get some motion sickness.   I hope it works for weight loss too early to tell but its curbed my appetite."
"I had paraguard put in - super painful but that&#039;s a given. After 3 months I went in to have the strings checked like I was advised, no problem there. 3 months after that (so 6 months after insertion) I went in for my annual gyno check up, during the routine preventative ultrasound I found out I was 1 week pregnant. I asked if I had done anything wrong, how could it have failed?! And she just shrugged and said it was 99.4% effective and I just won the lottery. She removed the IUD and advised me on the complications and asked me to rest, think and come back in one week. I did not stop bleeding the entire week. I ended up (spontaneously) aborting - which caused me serious psychological trauma and created barriers in my catholic family and community."
"Switched from lexapro to pristiq because of DNA test but even after a month on it I felt more nervous than normal and made my OCD worse. Horrible drug- stick to lexapro, Zoloft or Prozac."
"On my second day.I have had no issues.Insertion was way less uncomfortable than I expected.No pain or discomfort so far."
"I gave it a try for 2 months, but the abdominal pain, diarrhea, and pounding headaches never went away.  I verified that you can cut the pills to try to taper up the dosage and they start you on smaller dosed pills to begin with anyway.  After 2 months I never got up to the full dose and my side effects never got better.  I did try taking the full dose and had rapid diarrhea and had a pounding headache that lasted 3 days.  It was less successful than 3 of the 4 TNF-alpha inhibitors I had tried and less effective than Xeljanz (tofacitinib) at treating my psoriatic arthritis."
"I was on Yaz for a year and a half, and then decided to switch to LoSeasonique so that I would only have 4 periods a year.  Big mistake!!  I am switching back to Yaz because of the side effects of LoSeasonique.  On Yaz, I always knew when my period would start, and it was only about 3 days.  It also helped with my awful cramps.  I had no bad side effects from Yaz at all.  I would definently reccomend it, but know that every pill has a different effect on each person."
"Doryx truly is an amazing medicine. It might take you a while once you start using it to notice the effects but once it does, it literally will take away any acne you have. "
"I took Paxil for 5 years for severe panic attacks and anxiety. I got to the point where I could barely leave the house without anxiety. I was on 20 mg once a day and it worked wonders for me. I felt &quot;normal&quot; for the first time in years. HOWEVER... I gained 50 lbs. I decided to get off and weaned myself very slowly but still had withdrawal symptoms: brain zaps, severe headaches, dizzy, restless, faint, weak and the list goes on. I have been off for 5 months now and still have symptoms. "
"For whatever reason I began to experience social anxiety and panic attacks,now when I think back,at least 2 years ago. But I didn&#039;t understand what was happening to me.  At first I thought I simply developed a bad attitude toward people.  My work started to be effected.  I couldn&#039;t recall work procedures, I had problems putting my words together to speak, I would get extremely nervous in social settings, scared to ask questions, fear of everyone talking about me, sometimes I just didn&#039;t want to leave out my house. I was stressed over little issues, talking in my sleep, fatigue, sluggish, slow to respond.  I can go on and on.  I had been on Welbutrin daily and Xanax as needed.  My doctor prescribed Prozac to me three days ago. It works !!!!I"
"I started Dec. 15th 2012 and this has been my life saver! I am 5&#039;9 I was 252lbs when I weighed in. I couldn&#039;t believe it. I had never weighed that much. 
I used to be an athlete growing up and after 4 kids my metabolism slowed down to nothing. Within the 1st month I lost 22 lbs! I had lost 40lbs by month 3. Total I have lost 57lbs in 6 months. I have been allowed to take it continuously, but I personally tapered it off so I wouldn&#039;t become dependent on it. I still have a months worth of pills left over and I&#039;m still losing! I walk for exercise, but nothing major. Gum helps for dry mouth and I drink a ton of water and eat off a small salad plate.
My goal is 160lbs. I hope to reach that by August!"
"When first starting this medicine I thought it was a God send .. The first 5 days I was able to sleep a whole 8 hrs &amp; wake up with energy and I wasn&#039;t nervous all the time. I was calm in stressful situations that I normally exploded in so I was happy but on the 6th day I experienced the WORSE panic attack I had ever experienced. I had had a couple of panic attacks before but nothing like this &amp; it lasted hours. I prayed and cried. Called 911. Called my parents I thought my life was over! I read some of the reviews on here and seen how ppl said stick it out it works. So I informed my Doctor and decided to stick it out.  I am now nervous all the time having stomach cramps and can&#039;t sleep I&#039;m giving it up! I hate these feelings "
"Started 50mg Sertraline 6 days ago and was told to take it at night. I sleep well but am sick mainly in the morning and have no appetite. I suspect this may go on for a couple of weeks until my body adjusts but I&#039;d be interested to hear anyone elses experiences"
"I had my first colonoscopy yesterday and used the suprep.  Following other suggestions, I mixed with 7 up and cold water, and also refrigerated the two bottles before use.  To warn others who might be like me---it did NOT work within one or two, or even four hours for me.  I drank the first bottle and two cups of water around 6:30 pm (my procedure was at 9), and absolutely nothing happened until about 4:40 am, when it was time to drink bottle #2!  It worked great (and very swiftly at that point) and my procedure was successful, but just be warned it does not always work right after consuming the first dose, especially for those of us with (ahem) slower motility."
"Within 4 hours my eyes ..lips were swelling ...headache....agitation...aches in joints which I Never have....fatigue ....."
"So glad we tried it at my husband&#039;s suggestion. My neck and shoulders have hurt for 2 weeks. Bought some today and did not have pain in about an hour. Needed to take twice."
"Severe headaches, edema of both feet, felt disoriented. All went away when I stopped taking the drug."
"I have been on 50mgs daily since Sept 2012 to date. No side effects at all. I&#039;m in the process of my prednisone wean and hope to also get off mercaptopurine by Spring if 2014."
"Started with .6 about 6 months ago. Nausea, dizziness,  heartburn and loss of appetite. Not pleasant .
Blood sugars did not seem to improve - questioned if stress due to symptoms was counteracting each other. (Stress raises glucose).
Decided to give the drug it&#039;s best shot so after two week increased the dosing to maximum. (1.8).
Slowly symptoms subsided and post meal glucose came down. Down substantially.
Fasting still remains around 130 to 140 but that also is improved. Post meal about 140 if I eat a proper diet.
While I would have preferred a greater reduction in numbers the drug is beneficial. Side effects are now all gone.
I&#039;m 64."
"I started taking 10mg phentermine and 15mg topiramate 3 weeks ago. After my first pregnancy I found it extremely hard to jump back on track with diets and working out. These medicines curb my appetite and make me feel energized enough to take my baby out in the jogging stroller so that mommy can get some exercise. 3 weeks down and 17 pounds lost. As of side effects, the only things I would say would be having cotton mouth and tingly sensation in hands,lips, and feet."
"acne has been a problem for me since 8th grade &amp; I started using Differin my first day of senior year (major mistake due to it making your skin &quot;purge&quot; the first couple of days//weeks&quot; by the end of October my skin was mostly clear &amp; by the beginning of December my face was completely clear except for the occasional pimple every once in a blue moon. At the beginning it would make my skin burn especially during sports. It&#039;s sensitive to sun to defenitely use sunscreen when you&#039;re out. All around miracle medicine."
"My diagnosed NCLC 11/14.  As of her last scans no tumors or active cancer."
"Ok, I have been taking Viberzi for 3 Days. I&rsquo;ve been living with the worst IBS with diarrhea you could imagine, for 30 years. I am so thankful for this drug. It&rsquo;s like a miracle and I know you people suffering from IBS feel the same. Had some constipation hoping that will stop. 
But to not have this for 3 Days was like a treat for me. Taking 100 mg twice a day."
"I, like many of the above folks, have had a terrible problem with night terrors, aka nightmares, horrible dreams. I really don&#039;t know if nightmares and night-terrors are the same thing, but I experienced a limbo state between sleep/wake and I am not a kid...58 actually. In the old days, when I WAS a kid, the doctor put me on the old drugs in use then, i.e. Seconal....barbiturates..this was 45 years ago. Sure, those really knocked me and I slept like the proverbial log, but the &quot;hangover&quot; was so bad I could not attend school. I do not know when clonazepam was introduced, but I had this problem off and on all my life and clonezepam reduced the problem significantly, not a cure but a tremendous help. "
"This worked wonderfully for me!!"
"This birth control is okay. It was my first experience with taking the pill. The first month I had really bad nausea, but then it just went away. It also caused me to get frequent migraines. I&#039;ve always been a migraine sufferer but there were more days with migraines than there were without. It helped a lot with my acne, it went from breaking out everyday to maybe once or twice every two weeks or so. It helped with the length and heaviness of my period and cramps weren&#039;t nearly as bad as they had once been. Unfortunately, I started getting two periods a month so my doctor changed my prescription."
"It&#039;s the most effective for not falling pregnant. I heard people getting pregnant on everything but the Implanon. It&#039;s 99.9% effective. I had fun with it. No kids and all the fun you can have. I have one child when I was 16 and got the Implanon right after I had him. I was too young and need to make sure I have no more for a while. When I get in my late 20s I will have another child but for now no. I&#039;m 19 and too young."
"I took two at 8pm and then the next morning....nothing at all happened,just a few stomach grumbles. I think I may have to increase the dosage today as it didn&#039;t work. I&#039;ve had laxatives that work in 8 hours,really quick and really affective with 1/2 pills. However this one you need to slowly build up intake of tablets everyday  -.- which is a bother."
"Tried Strattera for ADHD, because I wanted to try a non-stimulant.  Within about a week, I was depressed and crying over the littlest things. It was NOT for me. 
Also diagnosed with anxiety, Zoloft mellowed me out, but too much so, I felt apathetic and gained weight.  Tried wellbutrin and became violently sick (throwing up.)  Adderall XR I didn&#039;t like, just felt high and tweaky.  Finally found relief in a combination of Vyvanse 30-40mg and Lamictal 150mg. Truly life changing, along with gluten/dairy free low sugar diet, and good sleep."
"I have been on Topamax for three-four years, it makes me so sleepy, so then I switched to Lamictal. Lamictal makes me hungry but I feel better and have energy. I am going to take both and hopefully, it will work great together. "
"It was terrible. I took it years ago when it first came out. Yasmin 28, I think. My mood was down, I had upset stomach all the time. I couldn&#039;t handle diary or fats. I always felt anxious. I told my gyno, he shrugged it off as normal. Then the tipping point was when I was on the bus and I started feeling lightheaded and then lost my vision. A friend helped me off the bus where I had to sit and breathe in the cool fall air in order to regain my composure and slowly my vision came back. I stopped the pill immediately after that. My peroid only came back 3 months later and it took years before it was on track again. I went online and many women had same issues and had trouble starting a family after stopping the pill. Dangerous stuff."
"Within a week of taking Sprintec I noticed a lot more acne on my face than I did before taking it. I&#039;ve had really bad bloating and stomach aches. My breast have been hurting and I&#039;ve also been way more irritable. I&#039;m talking to my doctor about switching brands soon."
"I used to have such severe cramps that I would occasionally vomit or be completely incapacitated for the first few days. I tried so many different things to help, and was skeptical about Aviane, but not anymore. It worked. While I still experience a little pain on the first day of my period, it&#039;s nothing compared to before Aviane. I am continually impressed."
"I had my first Mirena for 4 years after my second child. I didn&#039;t have period at all after I inserted The Mirena . I asked my doctor removed it because I want another baby . I got pregnant with my third child   three month after Mirena removed. My period went back to normal. I changed to copper IUD after I gave birth for my third baby.
But my period circle became every 20 days. I start to feel cramp and smell. My doctors suggested me switch to Mirena. I thought maybe no period is better than having cramping every days. so I switch back to Mirena. But unfortunately this time I have been slight bleeding for over 2 months .This drives me crazy.But my doctor wants to me keep it ."
"It is the most safe, effective, naturally fractionated drug
with an amazing results"
"I first took cryselle when I was 15 and I had the worst side effects. break through bleeding, headaches, anxiety attacks, weight gain,and my periods lasted 2 weeks. Got on it again when I was 18 and had Little side effects! My periods are a little heavier and hurt a bit more, and have very sore boobs other than that it&#039;s a charm. No pregnancy"
"loose of epilepsy control"
"I was originally introduced to Soma about 25 years ago when my back went out and I could not stand up straight.  It worked very well, although it did make me drowsy (which was fine with me - much better than the pain).  Currently I use it for neck muscle pain/spasms and it still works well.  I do not have any known side effects from it."
"I had the skyla put in after my period cramps had gotten just to much to handle. The birth control side of it was also a big reason as I have a long term relationship, so Skyla seems to be a great option for me. My older sister had Mirena put in just awhile before. And she said it hurt a great deal with insertion. So I was very nervous. I got it inserted and it felt like a 6 on pain; not even comparable to some of the cramps I had previously. I bled the next day with moderate cramping. Within two days the cramps were gone. The only thing bad about it is I spotted for about 2 cycles. Which isn&#039;t that bad because it&#039;s not a constent flow. It is only brownish dried blood that a pantyliner can easily handle.  No symptoms ever after that! 2 yrs!"
"I have been taking Norco now for about 2 months for severe migraines. It works great, it helps me finally get sleep and takes the pain away. "
"I had been on Microgestin previously with absolutely no problems. I loved it, but all of a sudden it wasn&#039;t free anymore and that&#039;s when my insurance told me I would have to keep paying for it or switch to a new generic -- Blisovi. I switched thinking they were one in the same. WRONG. First off, I got very itchy. It made my skin very sensitive and I started breaking out in a rash towards the end of the first week. I also noticed it was heightening my anxiety, it made me very erratic and aggressive. It also made my vision blurry. After ruling out other things, I stopped taking it on a hunch and immediately everything went back to normal. I don&#039;t care if I have to pay, I&#039;m going back to Microgestin. Blisovi is HORRIBLE."
"38 yo male, Low T, 290 at start, put on Androgel for 4 months, levels went lower even though I felt better and lost about 10lbs and put on a bit of muscle, went to Urologist for it going lower, he didn&#039;t like the absorption of Androgel so put me on Testim. Been on Testim for 3 days now, smell is strong and lingers all day for me, not bad but not good, 4 people made comments my first day on it, 2 good 2 bad. Still a hit to my ego, wife doesn&#039;t mind the smell, my kids said it is weird but okay, one female coworker said she liked it, lol. They all thought it was a new deodorant. Not sticky if you rub it in real good. I put it on last night before bed, no smell today after morning shower. Hope it still helps me this way though."
"For prevention, I give Depakote a 10 . I was having migraines 7 days a week. Mine began at the age of 4 (at least that&#039;s when I was old enough to put words to how it felt in my head. Dr. said I&#039;d probably had them long before that). I have genetic and environmental migraines. Lucky me!  I was in a test group that tried Depakote to see if it worked for prevention of migraines.  I went 14 days without a headache for the first time in 10  years.  That was almost 30 years ago.  Then the weight gain started. I already had a yoyo weight problem.  My weight (at 6&#039; tall for a female) had never gone over 190.  On Depakote it skyrocketed to 262 lbs.  Not nice!  I told my neurologist who told me it was all in my head.  Changed doctors taking Topamax now!"
"I have had major depressive disorder, anxiety and ocd since I was a kid.  On and off meds since 1987.  Paxil was the best for me for a decade or more.  Went off of it myself to try and get pregnant and had a nervous breakdown.  Was hospitalized for severe issues, etc.  Had ECT.  Scary, but it helped, looking back at the experience.  Now, I take liquid generic Zoloft (250 mgs/mls), liquid generic Abilify (3mgs/3mls) and Clonazapam.  I feel like the Abilify gives me a boost vs. just being on liquid generic Zoloft.  However, I have gained A LOT of weight over the past five or six years - like 60 pounds - used to be slender.  I give Abilify a decent rating, except for the weight gain and some sleepiness.  And I think liquid vs. pills is better."
"I suddenly started having severe pain and vomiting after eating anything thicker than water. I lost 44 pounds in 2 months. The ER doctor put me on Librax, and I can eat again! This medication saved my life! I continue to take it 3 times a day before meals."
"My husband came home from a conference with a (cold), so I was hoping not to get it.  Went out of state for Spring Break, when on the first day had fever and chills.  I knew it wasn&#039;t a &quot;cold&quot;, so immediate went to local urgent care.  Was diagnosed with flu (no swab) and given Tamiflu and a Vitamin B12 shot.  Took first dose and threw up within 2 hours, woke up with a headache, but otherwise, didn&#039;t feel horrible.  Progressively got better, and was actually able to enjoy my trip.  I&#039;m better than my husband, who&#039;s the one that gave it to me!  It&#039;s a lifesaver!"
"Have been on edarbi for last 4 weeks. Before that I was on Lasartin and few other medications.  My BP was always on higher side.   May be for the first time in last two years it has come down to the normal levels.   First time when they did the reading I asked them to do it again as I was not believing.   So far I have not experienced any side effects and I was happy finally some medication is working."
"43 year old with embarrassing blind pimples often turning to revolting whiteheads around chin area. First 2 weeks no clear improvement probably a little worse. Existing pimples seemed to flare up with whiteheads. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s all the bacteria finding a way out? Its been 2 weeks &amp; finally seeing clearer skin. No whiteheads or blind pimples just purple spots that will hopefully heal.   No side effects at this point. Taking one morning &amp; night."
"I have major depression and borderline personality traits (Dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT) has helped), and chronic suicidal thoughts for over 30 years. I am on Mirtazapine 30mg, Bupropion XL 300mg for over two years. Because of my suicidal thoughts my Dr put me on lithium three weeks ago. She started with 300mg then went up to 600mg. They only bad side affect for me was a very dry mouth. After 2 weeks of being on it it started feeling wonderful! And it helped my suicidal thoughts tremendously. I felt so much better and have more energy ! Then she decided to bump me up to 900mg per day. The only side effect I feel is, I feel like there is pressure on my brain. I&#039;m hoping this is going to go away like my dry mouth. I also am not sleeping well either."
"I had Mirena placed about 4 1/2 months ago, and have had nothing but problems since! Having it placed was fairly painful but not too bad. I had cramping for a few hours after and that was it. About a month after having it placed I started having terrible cramps, mood swings, low sex drive, very dry during sex, I&#039;ve gained about 30 pounds since I got it. The only thing it improved is my period. My period usually lasts about 3 or 4 days and is very light, but that doesn&#039;t make up for the horrible cramps. I am having the Mirena taken out this week."
"Amazing! Accutane was the only thing that worked after 13 long years of acne and trying every product and diet available. I&#039;m so grateful for this medication!"
"I have been struggling with bipolar for 17 years, and nothing has worked as well as Lithium. The side effects are uncomfortable as far as the upset stomach feeling, but eating with the medication helps."
"All my life I&#039;ve been known to have these things called yeast infections. I&#039;m 18. And I&#039;ve had them ever since I was 4 .  I don&#039;t do anything sexually so it was out of the ballpark that I had anything too serious.I had went and got a spray tan 2 days ago.  That night I got it I went STRIGHT to bed.  I wake up the next morning and I have to pee. And I see white discharge.  I thought it was normal till I started itching all over my body not just my private area.  So the signs keep getting worse and the pain and the itching burn through out the day. I took the medicine and applied it and it burned like hell. However I want it away and I wanna cry.  Cause it burns and itches. I don&#039;t know how I feel honestly"
"I sufffer from ulcers &amp; get acid indigestion all the time. Of course with that I experience nausea daily..... when it gets too intense I take a 4 mg zofran and within 20-30 minutes it subsides. I thank God this medicine was created!! In the beginning I would get constipated for about 24 hours after taking a pill but don&#039;t have that anymore. I am thankful for this medicine bc I HATE nausea/vomiting."
"Was totally down in the dumps for some reason even though my life was great. Finally I could take no more as my mind was giving me nasty thoughts to end things. Immediately went to the doctors and he prescribed me 50 mg Pristiq which sent my mind out of control. Now my whole being was in trouble and refusing to go to work and being around my family. Immediately back to the doctors to be put on 100 mg and I can say I have never looked back. Totally changed my life as I am myself again. Yeah a few sexual side effects but I can live with that I&#039;m just glad to be back ."
"It took me a year to be diagnosed with Trigeminal Neuralgia - and I had to go to a doctor in Vienna for this, because the doctors in Romania misdiagnosed me - but Topamax is the medicine that really saved my life. Literally! Because I was contemplating suicide, the pain was that bad and nothing else was working for me. I have lost a little weight in the first couple of months and I also have some trouble finding common words while speaking, but otherwise I did not experience any other side effects so far. My cholesterol level is now increasing - I am wondering if anyone is experiencing that as a possible side effect."
"I went from 1 or 2 migraines a year to about 9 a month.  After a year or so of this my doctor had me try Topamax.  I&#039;ve been on 25 mg., once a day, for the past three weeks and I&#039;m very happy with it.  I&#039;ve only had the beginnings of 3 migraines (immediately took my Relpax) and they went immediately away.  I feel like I&#039;ve got my life back.  My only side effects are a slight loss of appetite (which I&#039;m not unhappy about) and a little tingling in my feet.  Well worth it."
"My Local Primary Care Trust summarily decreed that LHRH Treatments were to be changed from Zoladex LA to Triptorelin - this is, without even seeming to give a thought to the possible effects of the change-over.  (No relevant trials had ever been recorded for such a change)
However after my &#039;mandatory&#039; injection of Triptorelin - I immediately began to suffer from as many as 20 Hot Flushes every day. I began to record these Flushes and after only 2 weeks into the 3-month cycle, I complained to both my GP AND to the PCT direct. From my careful records, I produced an Excel graph in final support of my appeal. It was literally only 1 week before my new Injection/Implant was due, that I was allowed to return to Zoladex."
"So I started this birth control as my first when I was 18. Only started to take it to regular my period for college. It regulated it, I had less cramps, less bleeding, no pimples, no weight gain. I was very happy with it. I&#039;ve came go realize recently that this birth control has caused my depression, anxiety and my inablitiy to sleep well. I&#039;ve been on this pill for over two years and I&#039;m just now realizing what it is doing to my body and my mind and it is very unhealthy. Look for the side effects of depression, anxiety and lack of sleep within the first three/four months because that&#039;s when it starts and that&#039;s when you should get off of it."
"Gave me heart palpitations from the time I took it until I stopped. It did significantly relieve my symptoms but the side effects were just too much."
"I can&#039;t rate this a 10, because nothing works perfectly. But this is the best birth control that I have been on this far. I am 26 years old and I have been on 2 birth control pills previously that had not worked out nearly as well as Cryselle. I developed as I was taking the other birth control pills, many ovarian cysts which led to spotting and constant pain. I also rarely got my period, even while taking the placebo pills. My doctor switched me to this and I regularly get a period now and have little to no pain. For me, this is the best thing that has happened to me."
"I have been on escitalopram for about 2 weeks and stilling feeling the anxiety..BUT I know I have to give it time to work and not rush the good feeling it will give in  time.
I was thinking maybe I need 20mg instead of 1.5mg. May visit my doctor to confrim.
I know it works and time will tell."
"The drug has performed well to relieve the spasms in my legs."
"I have taken this medication for a month and in that time I have had the quietest mind of my life. I take Lexapro for my regular medicine and this is for easing the generalized anxiety disorder that acts up so frequently.  Never have I been able to stop myself from a panic attack like this.  It&#039;s amazing.  The first week was tiring and disorienting...after that, smooth sailing."
"I was told to take one tab per day for environmental allergies. That was too much. I developed a splitting headache after use. So I began taking just 1/2 tab and that works well. The basic side effect for me is a &quot;cloggy&quot; throat. My voice sounds as if I need to clear my throat in a very big way. It does keep the allergy symptoms at bay."
"I took this twice a day for 5 days. Cleared my infection but made me tired, hot, and had shortness of breath the whole time. Had nausea the first two days but that went away. Allergic to sulfa and several other drugs so this was prescribed. While it worked, I don&#039;t think I would ASK for this again."
"Dat two for me and i thought it was just me experiencing the irritation after i inserted the application into my vagina. This pain is nothing i want to go through again. I&#039;ve had yeast infections in the past and the treatment was nothing like this. I hope it works cause it sure feel like its doing something downn there"
"I have had this implant a little over two years not by choice but I have had a non stop period the whole time I have had it. Uncontrollable weight gain. And horrible break outs. Plan to have it removed soon."
"This pill is the best I ever had! I can&#039;t believe the difference. I&#039;m so happy!! No painful acne whatsoever. My blemishes are also fading away. I never thought in a million years my skin would look this good. I struggled with acne since I was 12. It got worse when I Got older. I&#039;ve been on doxycycline hyclate for about 5 months. My skin looks great. I&#039;m just worried that once I&#039;m off these pills my acne will all come back again. I just hope it doesn&#039;t."
"I&#039;m 16 and this is my first YI and it&#039;s mild itching and there&#039;s no more burning so it is working so far. I just hate the itching I hope it stops before the last day I&#039;m tired of it"
"I don&#039;t know why everyone is taking their doses so late. My doctor said to take at 12 and 5. Last time I did this I was up all night and was not going to do that again. I took my first dose by using a straw and drank all at once then drank water immediately after wards.  It took effect 30 minutes later and was on toilet for 2 hours straight. I had my i-pad, phone, petroleum jelly so decided why try running to bathroom every few seconds. Took 2nd dose at 5 and everything was same as first one only this time I was a lot more raw. Did get the chills on the second dose for awhile. Its now 7:30 and hopefully things have slowed down and I can get a good nights rest and get this over at 7:45 tomorrow.  Craving a cheeseburger and fries."
"Give it time to get your method of application mastered. I bend the four corners in slightly to make them stick better so they don&#039;t peel up. Also don&#039;t put the film directly over you saliva duct on your check, try putting it below or in front of it. 

With manufacturer coupon and BCBS I pay $30 for # 60 Bunavail 4.2/0.7mg films. Bunavail is a tier 3 medication, manufacturer card pays $100."
"I have a long history of narcotic drug dependency, mainly heroin use. I went into the ER with an insect bite which was infected because I had tried to drain it myself. Don&#039;t Do That! I was given IV Toradol during my 5 day stay in the hospital. My 2nd day there I had to have surgery. Post op I took only Toradol, it did great for managing my pain. I chose not to go the narcotic route due to my drug abuse history. Had it not been for this medication, I could have very well been on the road to relapse following my surgery.  I do have to mention that IV Toradol does wonders for me but when I had a prescription for the pills, they gave me awful nightmares and upset stomach along with some other unwanted side effects."
"I&#039;ve used the Mon. 7 day treatment before and I had no negative side effects. It cleared my yeast infection with no pain. I am using it again now since the first time was such a success and it is burning like crazy. I&#039;m not even sure if burning is the right word, but it is VERYYYY uncomfortable down there. I&#039;m wondering if I will be able to do this again tomorrow."
"I take Percocet and it has done wonders for me. Before I was unable to stand for more than 10 minutes due to chronic back pain and now I do a normal work load without taking frequent breaks. It works great but does make me nauseated at times."
"I started Victoza 0.6mg on 03/04/17.  I have experienced severe nausea, and have vomited twice in the first week.  I just increased the dose to 1.2, and the nausea has only gotten worse.  I am down 5lbs in the first week.  I would like to continue for a month to see if the side effects lessen, other wise will not be able to continue."
"When I first started Sprintec, I bled for three weeks straight. My periods got ridiculously heavier (every day was a heavy day and they lasted a week). I also got sick on the first day of my period like clockwork, essentially being confined to the bathroom on that day. Additionally, I started to have anxiety attacks about three times a week and had extreme depression with suicidal thoughts. I started losing it over nothing. I pushed my fiance away because I found him repelling and called off our wedding. Within about a week of throwing away these pills I was finally back to &quot;normal&quot; and had to pick up the pieces left in my wake. This drug ruined my life!"
"I find it doesn&#039;t give me much relief for my pain in my foot as I have a burning pain on my heal 24/7 for at least 6 months. I am already an amputee in one leg."
"I&#039;m a 26 yr old Female adult, sexually active and never been pregnant. I&#039;ve had the Skylla for 5 days now and I think it might be the one! Of course we&#039;ll have to see how well we hold out long term but so far so good! 

The install was quick and nearly painless. I was on my last day of my period so my cervix was just barely still open ( luckily!). After the pap smear feel of them cleaning off lingering blood from my period, there was only the two instances of cramp ( mild period level cramps) pain. First when they measured my cervix and again when installed. All i did was breathe and concentrate on relaxing and it was easy as pie. So far no addit. spotting and mild to no cramping. I&#039;ll update after a few months!"
"I was intially prescribed for migraine prevention (after taking nortriptyline years ago), but have since found and leaned on this medication to aid with several other conditions. It has significantly cut down my number of migraines making them manageable, helps mentally as I have fought mild anxiety and depression drug-free for years, and makes falling asleep and staying asleep much easier.
All that said, the first couple weeks of taking it were quite rough- slept like a dead person and was on another planet for a good 12 hours after taking it, had a horrendously dry mouth, and constantly fatigued but nearly all side effects subsided after a few weeks. Highly reccommend it to anyone fighting migraines, insomnia, or depression. Wonder drug."
"Using the over the counter product for just a few weeks.

Oily skin has always been a major problem.  Seems to have knocked down excess skin oil big time.

I apply early evening. 

I use it with Neutrogena Oil-Free Moisture with Sunscreen SPF 35.  Been in the sun and no burning or dryness noted.  Did the beach yesterday for about an hour, no problem.

I first started using every third day after reading a number of postings.  Thought I ease into it as some reported issues using daily right off the bat.   No issues. Did notice dryness of the skin before using my moisturizer.

Just went to every other day.

The skin has calmed down and a few flare ups that were just not going away are clearing.

End of the week I plan on daily use."
"Yes, it does burn when you start to take it and the spot injected might itch. I did a couple of things before taking the shot. 1. warmed it up for about 30 minutes   2. applied ice to the spot I planned to inject  3. would take a Benadryl to keep the itching down.  I&#039;ve been on it several yrs now. It burns or itches...once in a blue moon. It has helped but doesn&#039;t keep the fevers and joint/muscle pain completely away, anymore. Good luck! This medicine is definitely worth a try if you have AOSD."
"I am 19, and the obgyn I go to strongly suggested getting Mirena, but after reading the horror stories people post online about it I was almost too terrified to get it. I finally decided to get it and it is the BEST form of birth control out there. I didn&#039;t even feel them insert it! I&#039;ve also seen a lot about people talking about the strings stabbing them or their partner. Just ask them not to cut the strings, ask them to tuck them behind your cervix. It works great! The only side effects was the barely mild cramping for a day afterwards. I did have spotting light spotting for a month but I haven&#039;t had a period since. If you&#039;re thinking about getting it you definitely should at least try it."
"When on original Avapro, 150 mgs. 6 years ago it worked fine. Since it went generic it just doesn&#039;t seem to be working anymore. Last month pharmacy changed manufacturer, Cambor, and now the pills give me upset stomach and shakeyness. Going to see dr. and maybe switch to something else as this is wasting my money and doing nothing!"
"I have taken Diovan for approximately 3 years with good success.  I have had no noticeable side effects and it maintains my blood pressure around 125/82."
"I was given Remicade while in the hospital. They premedicated me with Tylenol and Benadryl. After the Benadryl wore off, I broke out with severe hives from head to toe. I took Benadryl and then Zyrtec for ten days and neither helped the hives much. Thankfully, they finally went away. Horrible experience. I looked like I had a plague."
"I got diagnosed with type 2 diabetes back in October and the doctor immediately put me on Victoza, well here we are in December and she is changing me to Byetta because the Victoza quit working..
Hoping I have better long lasting results this time."
"Just started week 2 of this bc. I can&#039;t really say if my issues are from this, I had the flu a week prior to starting and also during the first week. Im 25 years old- 2 kids and first time taking any kind of birth control. I self diagnosed myself as having PCOS- and my Gyn prescribed me Necon 1/35.
SO far my symptoms which could be from being sick or the birth control-- 
Dizziness/ head gets foggy and vision slowed- starting 20 minutes after taking pill and lasting up to 6 hours afterwards. 
Nausea, loss of appetite, food aversions, mood swings, ( also have been having some stress/life issues, along with being sick) 
Breast tenderness, don&#039;t seem so bloated now, fatigue."
"I kept complaining to my doctor that I was feeling faint and dizzy after starting tribenzor . After a few weeks of being on tribenzor I experienced cardiac arrest. I was 54yrs old. I now have a pacemaker."
"I am 46 years old and I actually got the Merina IUD inserted about 6 months ago. My main reason for the IUD was to help with my heavy periods. A combination of pre menopause and fibroids caused me to bleed so heavy, pills were not an option because of my fibroids. My doctor was great inserting it, he let me know when I was going to feel a pinch and he let me know when I was going to feel the cramping, it wasn&#039;t bad the whole process was less than 5 minutes.  I had a watery discharge for the first 2 months, I spotted for a full 5 months and had a much lighter period for months 3-5. At month 6 I was gonna get it removed because I couldn&#039;t stand the spotting everyday but that eventually stopped in month 6. Gonna keep it..."
"Took 2 tablets 2.30pm, bowel motion and diarrhea 6 hours later with painful stomach cramps and nausea, continued on and off for a few hours. At 6.30pm the following day still experiencing stomach pains and back pains. Not a gentle drug. Will use herbal next time. Would not give to children."
"I was a lifelong insomniac. Used over-the-counter crud. Slept fitfully and felt drugged all day. I now take 15mg to 30 mg of mirtazapine and sleep soundly for a solid eight hours. Feel refreshed all next day. But, boy, it does give you the munchies almost right after taking it."
"I am 21 and got my first YI.  I figured this would work as my Dr suggested it in addition to the pill! Well, I put it in and thought huh, no big deal...
about 30 minutes late. holy itchy vagina!!! The YI wasn&#039;t this bad even. I have 6 days left and idk if I can handle it!! PAINFUL"
"Been taking this more than half my life, I&#039;ve tried literally everything for ADHD and Chronic SEVERE Major Depression Disorder, you name it, I&#039;ve tried all the ADHD meds and antidepressants available in Northern America, none work except for Desoxyn. Once I started Desoxyn and settled on a dose that worked for me, I haven&#039;t had to increase my dosage in ALL of my years of taking it, furthermore, I have absolutely NO side effects. An absolutely huge contrast to lesser amphetamines like dextroamphetamine etc, all of which produced nothing but negative side effects, and constantly would require dose increases to make up for their inefficacy, which just increased my side effects. So when I was young I asked my psychiatrists to RX it to me. 10/10"
"I have had some minor side effects but nothing serious.  I used to use a foot brace and cane, but once the medicine kicked in I put them both away and haven&#039;t needed them since.  This medicine is a God send, and I hope it will work for you too."
"Started smoking when I was 18 and have smoked a pack a day for 17 years. NEVER thought I would be able to stop. Well I have with Chantix. I quit on my quit day and haven&#039;t looked back. Started running to fill the down time. I am on the second week which is 2 blue pills a day but only did that for 2 days. Currently on 1 pill as I did have trouble falling asleep. That has been my only side effect. No nausea and no nightmares - but I do have VERY vivid dreams which I actually enjoy. This is a miracle drug for me. I wish it could work for everyone like it is working for me."
"Quick and painless procedure. I&#039;ve had 2 kids and breastfeeding my 4 month old. No complications so far. It did start my period which lasted 4 days with mild to moderate, pretty normal, bleeding. The cramping I experienced the day of the implant procedure was mild and made better by tylenol. I love my paragard!"
"I have been suffering from hives on my face (very embarrassing) from food allergies for the last few years. Since I gave birth to my first child it became worse. Finally an allergist suggested I take 60mg of Allegra everyday and for the last week I have been almost 100% hives free. My face is so clear and white again! I feel amazing and confident again thanks to Allegra."
"These pills made me moody, over sensitive, I&#039;ve had depression problems before but this just made them get back for no reason, mostly at nights. It cost me a very dear relationship. My skin got greasy, mostly on my face and scalp, I gained a lot of weight I&#039;m still trying to lose, made me feel nauseas and it messed up my liver.
I have nothing positive to say about it. My new OB/GYN told me to stop them asap and I did in hopes to see the change and get my self back.
Do not take this crap."
"I&#039;m 49 &amp; have had heavy bleeding, big clots, terrible cramping ALL my life. With the heavy blood loss i had very low heamaglobin &amp; anemia. Twice I had to have a course of iron vaccines in my butt leaving stains for years. Had Mirena put in by gyno when I was 45. She said to give it so least a year to settle &amp; it will be worth it. She was right. First 10 months my periods were all over the place compared to before regular 28day cycle all my life but the flow got less &amp; less. Cramping reduced couple months after insertion of Mirena. Definitely by 1 year my periods had stopped "
"I read the reviews but was still eager to try it -- do not take this. This pills has made me extremely depressed and has caused me to have mood swings. I&#039;m surprised my boyfriend is still with me, because since this pill I have been depressed, unmotivated, moody, and have had no sex drive! I do not recommend this pill to anyone"
"I have ulcerative colitis, and I tested positive for c diff and was put on Flagyl - 500 mg 4x/day.  The first 5 days I could function although I had no appetite and was dizzy and nauseated.  The last 6 days I was bedridden with nausea and vomiting, aversion to food, dizziness, and the skin on my legs went numb.  It&#039;s been a week now and the legs&#039; skin is still numb, although it doesn&#039;t affect my mobility.  I don&#039;t want to eat anything still but the food doesn&#039;t come back up now.  However, all the symptoms of c diff are gone.  Seems to have calmed down the UC as well.  So yes, it worked very well so far but the side effects for me were horrendous."
"I had a swollen gland under my palate due to an ear infection &amp; was give a 7 day Rx for this drug. I ended up stopping with 2 days to go. I have severe itching (feels like bugs crawling on me) yeast infections including in my mouth, severe diarrhea, nausea, heartburn, lethargy &amp; no appetite. It has been 3 full days since I took this vile drug &amp; I am still losing weight. I am now down 10 lbs and it shows no signs of slowing down."
"Overall, this medicine got me out of the hospital in one day with a large clot in my calf.  Much better than the IV drip option.  Shots in stomach aren&#039;t too bad if you go slow...let the medicine work its way in slowly.  I did experience small bruising at each shot location, and significant abdominal muscle pain.  The muscle pain was a unique side effect from all the sites I searched, but I was very careful not to inject into a muscle."
"Humira gave me my life back! I received four different diagnosis by four different Rheumatologists. Diagnosis: Fibromalagia, Connective Tissue Disease,  Rheumatoid Arthritis, lastly Lupus. I used to have severe joint pain, mostly in my legs, difficulty walking long distances, inflammation, insomnia, depression, 60lb weight gain from steroids, stomach bloating, joint stiffness throughout the night, I would toss and turn throughout the night due to the stiff achey joint pain. My legs were the most achey, I would cry at night because the pain was so unbearable. I hated when it was time for bed, because I knew pain would accompany sleep with stiffness. I felt like I was 90 years old. I was a&quot;Hot Mess!&quot; Thank GOD for Humira!!"
"Very powerful drug. Beware! It feels a lot like meth or other stimulants. I don&#039;t think I have it in me to keep taking it. And am worried about getting hooked on it. I have a constant mild headache and my jaw muscles are sore from grinding my teeth. And a general feeling of unrest. But at the same time feel good and have energy and a sharp mind. Five days in and still smoke. Dreading that pill this morning. Ish."
"This is a very good medication IMO.  When you titrate up to the dose intended, you will notice subtle differences.  Many times I have thought that this had flattened me out but when I backed off the dose, symptoms came roaring back.  No noticeable side effects for me.  Helps stability very well, maybe the cause of some anxiety not much tho."
"I hate this pill its the second birth control I have been on and I cant wait to switch. I have been on Ocella for 6 months and all 6 months have been terrible I&#039;ve been gaining weight which makes me extremely depressed and I&#039;ve had really bad mood swings. I am usually a calm, easy going person but ever since I have been on this pill every little thing irritates me or makes me mad. My doctor also assured me this pill would make my period shorter and lighter.....no....not at all. However I have not gotten pregnant so it works in that regard."
"I was on Yaz and it was the BEST! I had no acne, very light and short periods, no weight gain, and no mood swings. The only bad thing with Yaz was my hair began to thin and it was very dry. I never had sex on Yaz so I don&#039;t know how effective it was at that. On Apri, I now have mild acne especially on my period and I have horrible periods at that. Very heavy with lots of cramping. My appetite increased so much to the point I have gained 8 pounds. After a year of dealing with Apri I switched to Beyaz since it has folate, which is good for hair and a baby if I ever do get pregnant! "
"I had ALL (acute lymphoblastic leukemia) then started suffering from having no drive, depression etc. My Dr. said to try Androgel 1.62% which he prescribed, gradually I started feeling better, now, 10 months after starting Androgel I no longer suffer the psychological problems which is a big, big help. This stuff cost so so much - for 2 bottles of 1.62% pump, it is 985$. The price is ridiculous!!"
"I&#039;m doing good on it. No relapse in years and hope it stays like that!"
"I was prescribed Metformin 500 mg 2x/day for insulin resistance 5 weeks ago. I am down 15 pounds in a month (but still 85 to go) and have more energy to be more active in my daily life and energy to actually exercise (before I was always in pain and fatigued). I also am on a very strict diet of absolutely no carbs and low in fat/calories, so I can&#039;t be certain the success is due to Metformin. Also, this is the first time I have been prescribed meds for Type II diabetes so I cannot comment on how Metformin would be compared to, say, Invokana. However, I am pleased with it. This is not a magic pill for weight loss; I have also had to change my eating habits and level of activi"
"After several bouts of urinary tract infections while awaiting prolapse surgery - bladder unable to void efficiently - I experienced extremely severe mouth ulcers on each occasion, lasting three weeks. I was told this was probably because I was &quot;run down&quot;. However, most recently, half an hour  after taking the first dose of Trimethoprim I experienced intense burning of my lower lip, accompanied by extreme swelling. Recognising this as the start of the severe mouth ulceration I had experienced previously on numerous occasions, I informed my doctor, who immediately prescribed antihistamine and told me to stop taking the Trimethoprim, substituting another antibiotic.
"
"I&#039;m 38 years old with no children. Just had Skyla inserted 3/24/17. I&#039;ve been taking the pill for about 20 years and just grew tired of it so I opted for the IUD. I have a pretty decent pain tolerance but took 2 Advil (and half a Xanax for nerves - ) beforehand as suggested. On a scale of 1-10 (10 being the worst pain) I would say this was about a 6 but it was not unbearable and only lasted about 30 seconds. I was able to drive myself home afterwards. So far I&#039;ve had light spotting and some mild cramps, both of which were expected.  So far, so good but time will tell as far as mood swings, weight gain etc. Its worth not having to remember to take a pill every day. Everyone&#039;e experience is different, don&#039;t let the horror stories deter you!"
"I have been suffering from extremely bad allergies for years.  Between my allergies and my asthma, I have had to use OTC nasal sprays, a combination of allergy medications and my asthma inhaler. I just started using Dymista and for the first time in years, I was able to breathe clearly.    I did not even need to use nasal spray! I am so glad I finally found Dymista!"
"My BP is sometimes still a bit high. I have some eye strain, but the worst thing is the strange, vivid dreams that occur nightly. I used to take a different beta blocker, but the insurance company won&#039;t cover it."
"For me oxycodone works great. It&#039;s not the best drug out there but it helps. I have chronic back pain for over 15 months and finally doctors are letting me try this. For me it helps, it gets me moving, it gets me walking and I can finally sleep. It works really fast . Most of the time within 17_30 mins. Keeps my pain away for over 3 hours which is not bad. I have arthritis in my back plus my spine is narrow. Not much else to say. Oxy helps me 90 percent of the time. I have nothing bad to say about it."
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy a little over a year ago. As I was just about to start my senior year of college, I knew I needed to start a medication in order to get through classes and homework so I started on Nuvigil 150mg. I immediately noticed a huge difference in my quality of life. I had forgotten what it was like to be focused and alert throughout the day and would suddenly realize it was 9pm and I was totally exhausted. However, side effects started to take over the benefits for me and I started to experience problems with jitters, a sort of lingering morning sickness feeling, and anxiety. I stopped taking it due to these side effects, but sometimes now I feel the exhaustion is worse than dealing with the side effects."
"I was prescribed Macrobid the same day my UTI symptoms began, by my visit to the clinic it was already very painful. By the second day my uti was slightly better, the dizziness and nausea was intense but it didn&#039;t impede my ability to function. This continued until the fourth or fifth day when the headaches began, first they were manageable, but after dose 10 I wasn&#039;t able to function without getting sick (By then the UTI symptoms were almost completely gone). The side effects lasted until all the medication was taken and for a couple days after. That being said I&#039;ve always been very sensitive to side effects from medications and everyone&#039;s body will react differently. Take with food and lots of water and the whole ordeal will be over soon."
"I have been taking gilenya for the past six years. It has been the only medicine I have been on for Ms. I thought it was a great option for the first few years with very few side affects and only one relapse per year.  Then my hair started thining and the headaches and fatigue got really bad.   Now it no longer seems to be working. Last  mri showed several new lesions  and my Dr said the drug is doing little to nothing for me. He wants me to switch to Tysabri but hearing the risks for that terrifies me."
"I had a very severe electrical accident and got locked up to 480 for minutes from what I told. I don&#039;t remember much about it. about three years ago. I have had skin grafting to several parts of my body, surgery on both hips, it fried my nerves completely and have migraine or headaches everyday. I have tried all the the pain meds...I mean all. Eventually I was sent to a pain management clinic where my Dr wanted to immediately put me on methadone. It shocked me that he automatically went to methadone and I only thought that it was for the heroine withdrawal and I was against it 100%. We tried several meds before having to revisit going on methadone. Come to find out it total saved my life!! If your in chronic pain try it YOU WILL BE SURPRISED"
"I have been on Victoza since Jan 9th. I am impressed with how well things are going. I was diagnosed as insulin resistant and am overweight and would like to lose 70 lbs. I have lost 20 lbs so far. I modified my diet and faithfully use a fit bit daily to log my activity, diet and glucose levels. I am staying on a 0.6 dose and am happy to say my glucose levels are ranging between 85 and 105. I had one day of nausea."
"I am on 5mg and sensitive to these types of meds. The first week was bad with horrible nausea (even vomiting) and I was more irritable, but now on day 9, the nausea is gone and I haven&#039;t felt as moody, I am more relaxed. I should wait another week just to see how things might change. Otherwise, worth a try."
"Was absolutely awful for me. After 1 pill at the lowest starting dose I experienced horrible anxiety, insomnia and panic attacks in the morning so bad I was worried I&#039;d have to go to ER for my heart. Prescriber told me to halve the dosage and this only somewhat lessened the effects. I could not tolerate this med at all."
"I was prescribed this for anxiety and to help me sleep at night. Within an hour of taking the medicine I had horrible restless legs syndrome and after the first few days bad insomnia too, in addition to upper respiratory congestion. I am seeing my doctor later this week to see about changing medication."
"Florinef has helped me out quite a bit.  I&#039;m not cured, but am better.  I can walk up minor inclines without any problem.  I am able to be up and active for longer periods of time."
"Hi! So I&#039;m 26 with 3 kids I had my last baby 3 months ago and I decided to get something that I wouldn&#039;t have to worry for a long time. It wasn&#039;t painful at all the only time I felt a hard pinch was when the doctor said he would measure my uterus I felt when he inserted the IUD but it was not painful at all.. when I went home I felt cramping throughout the day but ibuprofen did the work I haven&#039;t had any bleeding at all ...I will update in a few weeks!"
"I had a severe yeast infection. My labia were inflamed and over enlarged with a hard texture. My vulva was extremely itchy and my doctor prescribed oral fluconazole 150, 2 tablets. The first dose was enough to completely calm down the whole infection. I noticed some changes with in 4 hours of taking it. The next day there was a white debris in my vulva which was evidence of the yeast being killed off. I still had another dose left over and noticed great changes with just one dose."
"I&#039;m a 30 year old male and switched from Dexedrine to Strattera about two years ago. For the first two months I thought it was a terrible decision because of the horrible side effects and talked to my doctor a couple of times about switching back to a stimulant. He told me that even though it says it can take up to a month to start working, in his experience, it took most patients 2-3 months to see the benefits. I&#039;m glad I stuck with it. After four months all side effects we&#039;re completely gone and it works better than any stimulant type I&#039;ve been prescribed. The problem is you do have to get through a horrible period of 1-3 months (10 weeks for me) before the nausea, fatigue, ED and insane sweating are gone. This drug takes time to work!!!"
"So far so good. Switched from Atenolol and I love this new drug. It keeps my blood pressure low, appetite way down and no more needed naps. Life is good again."
"My 14 yr old son began taking this three months ago to address irritability and OCD related to Tourette&#039;s. He also has ADD. At first I thought it was a God send. 

Benefits: Helped his OCD and irritability and anxiety.

Issues: Increased his impulsivity - big time, bruising on legs, stomach pains, diarrhea, constipation.

Taking him off this medicine mainly due to the behavior issues and other side effects."
"I&#039;ve had mine in for about a year now and I bleed after sex everytime and my period lasts for about 10 days and is extremely heavy to the point where I have to wear a super tampon and a night time pad and I have to Change them both every two hours! I get such bad (contraction type) pain throughout the month, I also had funny smells and bloating! I feel like I&#039;m not in control of my body as my periods and other things prior to the IUD were very normal! 
I&#039;ve just arranged to have it removed and I can&#039;t wait!
I wouldn&#039;t recommend this as if it goes wrong like it has with me it&#039;s another procedure to get it out!"
"Does not help with pain, just with swelling."
"I started yesterday and today I see it darker. Should I stop? I have a wedding in 10 days... will my melasma be better by then or still this dark? Thank you"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for almost two years and it has been great. No weight change. My breasts got really sore at first and gained a cup size, but that normalized. I did feel like I lost a lot of hair and my acne flares up once in awhile, but drinking a lot of water helps the acne. My period was twice a month at first, but now it is every six weeks and it lasts seven or eight days.  Kind of strange, but I&#039;ve gotten used to it.  My favorite part of this pill is that I haven&#039;t experienced pms that my husband nor I can remember. We used to get in monthly fights... I highly recommend this pill for someone that doesn&#039;t want to take estrogen. My mom has blood clotting issues, so this was one of the only options for me."
"Terrible. Broke out in really bad acne (five pimples on my face) within a week of taking it (I normally have very clear skin). Skin in general has become an oil slick. Much more emotional than usual and started crying at a concert after two drinks. Hungrier than normal - I think about food a lot and I&#039;ve already gained a few lbs. Fell asleep one night without taking my pill. By the time I woke up my period had started and I proceeded to spot for the next week despite religiously continuing to take my pill at the exact same time. I quit. This sucks. On the plus side, I&#039;m sure that this works well as birth control. I am unlikely to get pregnant as I am broken out, puffy, emotional and continuously on my period! Thanks, Lolo!"
"I&#039;ve read through some of these reviews, and thought some were great, and others matched with me perfectly. I started Tri-Sprintec about a month and a half ago. After reading the reviews, I am going to make an appointment with my doctor to get switched to something else. Like many of the other women I have bad mood swings, am very emotional all of the time, and the way I have been mentally and emotionally lately is interfering with relationships. I used to be much happier, and before reading these reviews I was thinking I was becoming seriously depressed. I am also starting to shed a lot of hair - which I think is from stress and unhappiness. My personal experience on Tri-Sprintec was bad, but everyone&#039;s body reacts differently."
"Started taking this medicine for iching after being given it by my doctor. Worked for 1 day and after it didn&#039;t.
Made me feel so sleepy but couldn&#039;t sleep and make my iching worse, couldn&#039;t sleep at night
Wouldn&#039;t recommend"
"Well I&#039;ve been on this birth control for a month now and the only negative thing is I gained 10 pounds in the past month. Other than that I haven&#039;t had any cramping or a period. Before this I was on the junel 1/20 which my cramping was horrible and my periods were heavy when I had them. I would get it for 3 months then missed a month."
"I&#039;m 19 this is my first YI and I&#039;m taking the 7 day treatment and about 5 minutes after inserting I started feeling more uncomfortable then  the burning and itching was annoying so I took ibuprophen and then I took Tylenol. Now I don&#039;t feel no more itching or burning so I would take some pain medicine right after you insert it that way the itching and burning doesn&#039;t last as long but when I pee now it feels so much better so I know it&#039;s working and it&#039;s just night one so I would recommend it. PS the burning means it&#039;s working ladies.  And it&#039;s a lot cheaper than going to the doctors and spending over $300 just for a appointment when you can spend $13 on this product and get better !"
"Worst medication ever. Was prescribed for strep throat...the swollen tonsils and pain in my throat has subsided, however, the first dose made me so weak I almost passed out....now it&#039;s day 3 and I have severe abdominal cramps, diarrhea every 10 to 20 minutes for the past 6 hours, gas all day long; and I feel faint here and there. I called my doctor and he switched me to a zpak starting tomorrow morning. I can&#039;t wait til this is over."
"I&#039;ve been on it for about 12 days..I&#039;m also on Luvox..so far I don&#039;t see much benefit out of it. It&#039;s made me extremely tired and hungry..2 things I hate to be..I&#039;m really hoping with some more time it improves because my anxiety is horrible and a few years ago I was into heroin and Xanax so I don&#039;t want to fall down that road again. The Luvox definitely helped but not enough..I&#039;m also only on the 20mg of Latuda right now. How long do you think it takes to get the full effect?"
"I&#039;ve been taking Lisinopril for about 10 days now. I was on Amlodipine which gave me horrible side affects like sore muscles, dizziness, short breath, no sex drive.  Lisinopril 10mg a day brought my blood pressure down from 140/90 to 120&#039;s/80&#039;s.  With no side effects but I have noticed a dry throat with coughing like others have mentioned.  I&#039;ll have to monitor to see if it is from the new drug."
"Allergies   pink eye = terrible congestion and a sore throat from all the eye drops.  I took Mucinex D to ease the congestion a bit.  It has thinned the mucus significantly, however my stomach is very gassy and unsettled; and my heart is also racing!  I haven&#039;t taken my temperature, but I feel a little feverish.  Like many of you I was not able sleep last night.  I will probably halve the dose tomorrow. But all in all it&#039;s worth it.  I can breath and that&#039;s probably the most important thing."
"Regardless of recent study results, I.ve been taking Glucosamine for 10+ years and it has reduced osteoarthritis pain in my knee. May not work for everyhone but I&#039;m one of the lucky ones."
"With Imuran, I had no quality of life. Daily fatigue and nausea/vomitting. Things are better on Entyvio."
"Kapidex has been the best drug I&#039;ve been on for GERD. I can eat pretty much all foods now and not deal with chest tightness or nausea that comes with having a hiatial hernia and GERD. I would give this medicine a 10, but the side effects....They are not major or bad, but they are there. Since taking the medicine I haven&#039;t had diarrhea, but have been constipated on some days. I have had the stomach pains which feel like really bad cramps. But, the worst has been I&#039;m now recovering from a common cold which is a side effect. I wasn&#039;t around anyone sick and my allergies are over, so I pinpointed the medicines. Other than that, great medicine!"
"I am a serious alcoholic. I blew numbers as high as .49 in detox. I had 4 seizures in 3 days the last time I tried to cut back. I&#039;m a woman and not a big one, I wear a size 4-6 and can easily drink most 280 lb. men under the table. My life is in shambles and 12 step has not done the job.  I&#039;ve had 3 1/2 years twice. Meetings 9&amp;10 a week, fellowship, sponsors and sponsorship have been great and have made me a better person, but haven&#039;t kept me sober.  At this point total abstinence is something I&#039;ve tried and tried but haven&#039;t been able to do. I had lost all hope when Naltrexone and the Sinclair Method was mentioned. 
  Today I took the Naltrexone before drinking. I was able to stop after 6 drinks and had no further cravings. HOPE at last!"
"I had a real rough patch of depression and over the last two years I went up from 180lbs to 275 lbs and seemed everything I tried failed.  at 5&#039;10&#039; I was diagnosed as obese, developed high blood pressure, pre-diabetic &amp; cholesterol was high. I couldn&#039;t exercise because I was so winded all the time.     Started on Saxenda November 9.  The goal is to introduce more physical activity as I start to drop the weight that&#039;s contributing to my being winded. 

I&#039;m now up to the 1.8 dose and in the first 18 days I am down 10 lbs.    Better food choices help too. 

Side effects: Slight nausea, fatigue/sleepiness and morning headaches. 

Insurance co considering entitlement because of the other comorbid factors. otherwise it&#039;s damn expensive."
"I wish I had better news but
I took this in low doses initially and did ok though my RLS still plaqued me
Once I titrated to 100 mg my legs were OK but I became violently ill
Id vomit one hr after taking requip
I tried going to a lower dose but I guess I developed a sensitivity and either vomited or felt incredibly nauseated all day"
"Have had YEARS of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation. Bowel movement usually only twice per week...in and out of the bathroom for several hours, cramping and pain that would sometimes give me cold sweats. Then exhaustion and residual intestinal ache all day. No one understood. Fiber was useless. Several bouts of diverticulitis. Never realized that IBS and contipation could contribute to the development of diverticulosis. To me Linzess is a miracle. Yes you do need to be near a bathroom and the bowel motions are mostly liquid in this first 2 weeks I have been taking it. But NO PAIN, RESIDUAL ACHE OR EXHAUSTION! I can take it and go to work. Going out...just get up a little earlier. I even feel better and more energetic overall."
"I was asked by my Doctor in Mumbai, India, to take Hydroxyurea 500 for 10 days and I got this Capsules of Hydrea from the store.my platelets were 650000 to start then After taking the capsules for 10 days the platelets count came down to 570000. I was advised to further continue the capsules for another 30 days. After 30 days the platelets  count was 432000. I have not experienced any side effects."
"10mg of this medication in the morning did wonders for my anxiety and depression.  I felt awful physically and mentally and it made me feel WAY normal again.  The side effects I experienced were heart palpitations, increase in stomach acid, occasional nausea, minor drowsiness, and dizziness upon standing.  None were bad enough to quit. "
"I am a 69 year old female with extensive family history of vision loss from wet AMD.  I was diagnosed with bilateral dry AMD at age 55.  In March 2017 I noticed distortion and smudging in the right eye. I immediately sought treatment and was administered Eylea. I have now had 3 monthly injections.  The macular edema has subsided and the leakage has stopped.  I am now scheduled for injections at 8 week intervals. The injection procedure is painless, however once the numbing medication wears off the discomfort is intense for approx. 6 hours.  I manage the pain with ice packs, one hydrocodone tablet and a long nap.  I am cautiously optimistic that the Eylea medication will protect me from the same fate of my numerous relatives who were blind."
"As a paraplegic with obesity and Type II diabetes that was out of control, It was very nice to see my numbers come down finally. This medicine is Highly effective at reducing the glucose for me.
I believe the reason that I have not had any yeast infection is because I wear a indwelling catheter. So when urine rarely ever touches the skin around my genitals, or anywhere else. 

I believe that with proper care of the skin around the (male) genitalia, ie washing the tip of the penis after urination, would reduce or perhaps even eliminate any problems with yeast infection. It is only my opinion, as I am NOT a physician or in any medical field.
I&#039;ve been on this medicine for almost a year and have reduced my HA1C almost down to 6 from 8.7."
"I became extremely emotional, depressed and anxious. Woke up throughout the night sweating and had nightmares when i did manage to sleep. This did not help my hotflashes. I couldn&#039;t tolerate it and immediately stopped taking it."
"Takes care of the symptoms quickly. The first day feels like a sledgehammer to your chest. No side effects."
"I have had 20 colonoscopies or so and have had mostly Golytley 4 liters in the past. Hands down this is the easiest prep I have ever had to do. Doing a split prep was awesome and in the past I had nausea, vomiting, and severe pain. With Suprep I didn&#039;t even cramp. Clear liquids the day before the procedure helps. 
I would pay full price for this, you have no idea how much better it is than what has been available in the past."
"I thought Nuvigil was good, but Adderall is amazing.  It helps me feel almost human, again.  Not only does Adderall keep me awake, but it clears up some of the mental fog caused by Narcolepsy.  Cataplexy is also not as severe when I&#039;m on Adderall.  I can finally focus at work, I have enough energy to take care of myself and my family, and I&#039;m doing so well at work that I got two raises in the last 3 months!  The irony is that you have to be well-rested for it to work; otherwise, it does absolutely nothing.  I have also started devoloping a tolerance so it starts to wear off after about 3-4 hours, but I take another dose and it gets me through the rest of the day."
"With the first  shot I could touch my toes ,but it only lasted seven days. I am on second shot and it has been ten days and it&#039;s still working. I wake up at 5 every morning feeling refreshed. I look forward to my shot."
"It was one of my worst days ever with Hay Fever. Ten sodden handkerchiefs and still fluids literally pouring from my nose and eyes. My throat felt like it was closing and I was choking and coughing. I just had to go to the Pharmacy for something or risk collapsing. For the first time I decided to try Zyrtec.Wow. it was like magic. Within a minute or two the coughing stopped, the fluid loss stopped and I felt normal again. This stuff is sensationally effective!
That night I slept like a baby with no nasal obstruction at all. I awoke refreshed and free from symptoms. It remained so all the next day. I then took another Zyrtec 24 hrs later and will do so until the pack is empty.
A big big thankyou to the person who discovered it."
"I started on Brenda and it made my mild acne worse. I switched to Yasmin and it cleared it right up, however, 5 months on and my face has started feeling greasy and I&#039;m developing small pimples. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s just this hot dry weather. 
Ps: I stopped doing a 4 step cleansing and treating routine as I thought I had no need. So perhaps it&#039;s a combination of those two factors."
"My dermatologist provided me with several sample tubes of Lidex to treat a mysterious rash, which he thought was a fungal infection, that recurred in the same spot on my skin several times.

It worked like a charm, and since then, I have used it sparingly whenever I get a stubborn jock itch that won&#039;t go away with anything else.

My doctor warned me it can thin the skin, so I use it as little as possible but the good news is a single thin application is usually sufficient to knock out whatever is troubling my skin and soothes the itching in such a way that it doesn&#039;t come back again for months and months. I think it&#039;s a very, very good medication for stubborn itching, when other remedies aren&#039;t helping."
"Been on Invokana since August 20, 2013. I&#039;ve lost 36 pounds since then &amp; been able to discontinue taking my glimepiride (within 3 days of starting the Invokana), cut my metformin in half to 1000mg in the morning only, &amp; have begun cutting the insulin from 30 units at bedtime to 20 or less. I still take Victoza in the morning. My A1c has gone from 10.2 to 7.6 and my triglycerides are near the top of the normal range. I have tried Bydureon &amp; Byetta, but Invokana has been the first real successful medicine to help get my diabetes under control. Along with healthy eating choices &amp; exercise, I am under 300lbs for the first time in too many years to count. If I can do this, so can you!"
"I am a pharmacist so I did a lot of research on Saxenda before deciding to try it.  I have tried other weight loss medication before without any benefit, just side effects.  I have taken Saxenda for 2 and a half weeks, I have lost 6 lbs.  I&rsquo;m doing a slower titration on the dose 0.6 x 14 days then up to 1.2mg for the last few days.  The day I increased the dose to 1.2mg I felt bloated and burped all day long- I hardly ate a thing!  I felt much better the second day. 
My biggest concern is I can not afford it!  I got 1 sample pen from my doc, she has another waiting for me to pick up.  My insurance will not cover it.  The cost for a month supply is $1198!  That is $14,376/year!  Who can afford that? I guess the sample will be my last use."
"It has changed my life and helped me so much."
"I just finished my Azithromycin tablets. .

Feeling 100% better. .

No side effects...."
"Withdrawal is nasty in spite of doctors saying there are no withdrawal effects. It is sedative and can be impairing so drivers be careful"
"When I took this, I took it without food, and within 45 minutes I puked it up, and had such severe abdominal pain I couldn&#039;t move and I was breathing like I was giving birth."
"My experience: Painful insertion but I expected that since I&#039;ve never had children. There was a lot of bloating, cramping,  and breast tenderness in the first couple of weeks. I used Pamprin and a heating pad on my belly and that helped. About a week after insertion came the brown sludge  and lasted about ten days.  The first month was a study in misery but after that my periods stopped and it&#039;s been a breeze with some occasional light cramping and spotting. The only drawback for me personally is that I am 51 years old and perimenopausal so not having periods makes it impossible for me to track my cycle. But overall I am delighted."
"I took this to help with a personal issue at work. I am a teacher of 17 years and never lose control as some situations which I had little to no control caused me to have an anxiety attack. The doctor prescribed 20 mg Celexa and half of the pill for 6 days then a whole 20 mg. Day 1 I did not get sick but at work I was very calm and easy as I am like that 90 percent of the time without medicines anyway but things tend to bother me and I keep them bottled up and hidden inside, which caused me to have the anxiety attack. This is day 2, I did take the other half of the pill. I will see how it goes for today. I am thinking of only taking the pill as needed as I tend to hold on to the negatives in my life. I believe Celexa will help me greatly."
"My blood pressure was up to 200/95 and my doctor prescribed this for me quite a along time ago.  It has done wonders for my blood pressure.  Usually around 120/80 or can be lower at times.  I also take 2 other blood pressure pills along with this.  The only thing I have noticed is that my pulse is higher than it used to be.  All in all though, this is been a life saver for me."
"For a YEAR this birth control caused the worst acne/period of my life! I would have extremedy heavy/painful periods lasting up to two weeks. They would make me nauseous/dizzy, double over from sharp pains. If I forgot to take it for HALF A DAY, the period would start all over again!! I went to my Dr. to find out if I had endometriosis &amp; ran a bunch of tests, even ultrasounds, but nothing was present.

Eventually, I couldn&#039;t afford the health insurance increase so I went without the birth control for a yr+. During that break, all my acne went away &amp; I no longer had pain/issues with my period. I went back on Gildess Fe a few months ago &amp; everything came back! WORST BC EVER!

I use Microgestin Fe 1.5/30 now. Light 2-3 day periods no pain/acne!"
"This bar really works. I&#039;ve used Proactiv and tried every other product on the market. I also used the 5% acne wash at Kaiser and it didn&#039;t work. Whatever is in the Panoxyl, the combination is perfect for my 28 year old skin that&#039;s still breaking out. I use it on my face, chest and back. It&#039;s a lifesaver."
"Was on Zovia 1/35 for 7 years and experience was great and that rating would have been a 10. However, the manufacturer used to be Watson (pink packet), but now it is manufactured by Mayne (blue packet), which I give a 3 rating.  I only took the Zovia pills manufactured by Mayne for 5 days.  I stopped taking because I started to get acne and each day I was getting more pimples.  I am not acne prone and the previous Zovia pills by Watson did not break me out.  Now I am on Kelnor, which supposed to be similar to Zovia (both are generic for Demulen) however now my periods last about 8 days and I get small bumps on my face that clear up for a few days then reappear in different locations. So Kelnor is rated a 6."
"This drug was awful! I took it for less than a week, and it intensified my anxiety severely. Because I took other SSRI&#039;s which did not cause me to have side effects such as this one, I would prefer not to try and see how long it takes for sertraline to reach full efficacy. This drug is NOT for severe anxiety. I implore readers to try Escitalopram (Lexapro) instead for GAD. Zoloft may treat depression, but it may definitely worsen anxiety!"
"Horrible experience, although everyone is different. I was on 150mg, I am currently tapering off while switching to Welbutrin. With Effexor  tapering is necessary. I&#039;ve tried going off cold turkey and the withdrawals are like nothing I&#039;ve ever experience. I had intense brain zaps (google it), flu like symptoms, could easily sleep half a day away. Even if you miss one day, you experience these withdrawal symptoms. While on it, it only worked somewhat well for a month or so. I experienced light nausea which went away. I also experienced impotence and unable to climax which has not gone away. Now that I&#039;m tapering and introducing Welbutrin the sexual side effects seem to be getting better."
"I am prescribed 8 every 3 weeks for when I really can&#039;t sleep since I have chronic pain. It&#039;s seriously a miracle! Since I only take it every so often, I&#039;m not dependent on it. The only downfall is the in between point of ingestion and sleep which I usually cannot remember which is a little nerve racking but other than that, it&#039;s wonderful."
"Into my fourth doze (100mg) took it with cold tea and shortly after felt sick for a while. I previously took it with a large glass of water and along with a meal had no symptoms. Do what the notes tell you to do take with a meal and don&#039;t lie down but keep active and all will be fine."
"I am 21 years old and don&#039;t have any children. I have had the Mirena in for almost 2 years and at first I loved it, however I have had a few problems with it. I gained about 25 lbs, I am moody, not a very healthy appetite, no motivation for anything sometimes that included sex, but the past few months I have had nothing but stomach pain (scale of 1-10 about 8). It is very consistent and is there every day. I will be getting it taken out."
"I had my first colonoscopy yesterday and can say that other than being worried about it before (going under the anesthesia) there was really nothing to it.  

The day before the procedure I drank a bottle of Mag Citritate around 12:00.  Then at 6:00 PM took the first small bottle of Suprep.  I did chill it and mixed it with very cold water.  I drank it all in about 2 or 3 shots and it did not taste that bad.  I then drank two 16 oz cups of cold water.  Waited about 30 minutes and it kicked in.  The day of the procedure I drank the other bottle around 6:00 am and did the same thing.  Had no issues at all.  FYI in the morning don&#039;t brush your teeth before you drink it (will make it taste awful).  Overall worked very well and I was very please"
"Great. Only downside is the price."
"I&#039;ve had eczema my entire life. For as long as I can remember I&#039;ve been itchy. You name it, I&#039;ve tried it. From all natural remedies to every prescription cream, ointment, and pill. I&#039;ve only been using this ointment for 2 days and I noticed a difference within hours. The itching is completely gone and my skin is noticeably softer (to me at least). I didn&#039;t have any irritation or pain on the affected sights. So far I&#039;m very pleased. I&#039;m using it as a free trial from my dermo, and her and I are both hoping it&#039;s a game changer that will soon be covered by insurance."
"Ok so I was active on 5/20 and wasn&#039;t sure if  he ejaculated inside of me so I took plan b a few hours later just in case. I&#039;m writing this because I think my story is alittle different than most. I didn&#039;t know what to expect so I read some reviews and expected nausea and visiting and to get my period a few days later. But because the last day of my period was just the day before I took the pill, I didn&#039;t get my period until TWO weeks after taking the pill. I also didn&#039;t have many side effects. I was bloated and alittle moody, also, my discharge became inconsistent and was more watery. Then when I got my period, it looked more mucusy. Sorry for the visuals, it&#039;s just that usually these aren&#039;t very specific. Point is, it works!! Don&#039;t stress"
"I&#039;ve been on Microgestrin for only 2 weeks now and so far I love it!
I don&#039;t want to jinx it by writing this review but so far I&#039;ve had no breakthrough bleeding and I&#039;m not having to worry about spotting or even discharge! My sex drive is crazy. The only complaints is that my nipples are a little tender and my breasts have actually gone a cup size smaller! But so far no headaches or weight gain other than sometimes I do feel the urge to just eat all day!
"
"I have been on escitalopram for about 4 1/2 months and I am finally anxiety free. I wanted to share my experience since I constantly read reviews here and it helped me realize the initial symptoms were happening to others. In the first few weeks I had an major increase in anxiety especially in the morning. I had hot flashes, ringing in the ears, bowel issues, wasn&#039;t hungry, and pretty much thought I was getting worse and should just quit. I read other positive reviews on here and decided to stick it out. I am glad I did. After about 8 weeks I felt improvement in my anxiety that gradually kept getting better. I used to obsess and worry about trivial things. I had anxiety about driving etc.. Now I am happy and anxiety free."
"I had a SynVisc1 shot 10 days ago. Was so looking forward to it as the cortisone shot I had gotten before it lasted a short 2 months. I had tried earlier to have the shot but Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield would not approve it til I tried other options. So then the cortisone was done. Then they approved it. It was a pain thru Wellmark. And a bigger pain when the SynVisc1 was done. Excruciating pain! Thought I was gonna pass out! Barely made it to my car. I am in much pain. Can&#039;t bend my knee. Shooting pain from tip of toe to butt. I am waiting impatiently. Some people say they got theirs done with an ultrasound guidance. I did not. I question if he hit the spot. He is one of the top orthopeds in Cedar Rapids. Said may take 30 DAYS!"
"I have had Nexplanon for nearly a year and the only side effect I have ever had was itching at the implant site. I had it implanted in December of &#039;13 and I have still yet to have any spotting or periods. I would definitely get it again."
"I started Habitrol because when I quit drinking alcohol, I started smoking and eating everything in sight.  The Habitrol not only curbed my craving for alcohol, it curbed ALL of my cravings for substances I&#039;ve struggled with for years.  I stopped using the patch for 2 days, and ate a whole batch of brownies to keep from drinking or smoking.

Don&#039;t know how this story will end, but whatever is in this product is a blessing to those of us suffering with addictions."
"I&#039;ve been taking Compazine for years for nausea due to stomach problems. I have never had any side effects and it completely gets rid of my nausea. Best antiemetic for me."
"On Gabapentin orginally due to back pain and lost my job of 13 years health issues. Prescribed gabapentin a few hundred for a few yrs. for back pain later moved went to 3200 mlgs a day for Fibromyalgia. Later moved back I hurt so bad because of Gab. I could barely walk, lost my senses, thinking ability, coordination, my joints hurt, &amp; my nose omg. Then a physc. diagnosed me of having a mild ID because of it I&#039;m off of it feeling much better &amp; will see him soon this is going to be interesting trying to get out of the diagnoses. Withdrawals from it suck too."
"I am now seizure free! I used to have 3-4 a month."
"I have been severely depressed over the past two years after the passing of my mother. MD tried me on Wellbutrin, Trazadone and Celexa. I continued on the Celexa for about 1 1/2 years but still had many days with depression and losing jobs only to remain in bed depressed, hopeless , tearful and suicidal thoughts. None of those meds worked for me.  I have currently seen a new MD and changes my meds to Cymbalta in AM and Elavil in PM. These meds are miracle drugs for me. Been on them for a month now. I&#039;ve never felt this good in years!!! "
"100 mg every 12 hours for suspected sinus infection. Took 3 pills and refused to take anymore. Nausea and headache. I never have difficulty with medication. Doc switched me to z-pack. Will never take it again."
"I have literally been on almost everything including a VNS stimulator. I had 3 near fatal suicide attempts that put me on life support. I was even involuntarily committed to the state hospital. I have PTSD, MDD, Intermittent Explosive Disorder, and brain injury. Parnate is the only drug that has EVER helped. All of my friends and family say there is a profound difference from just this one medication than any absurd cocktail. It even helps with my lethargy, memory impairment, and concentration. I had no problems but the reluctance of my doctor who panicked and took me off of it despite my obvious improvement. Now I got it back! It is AMAZING  and tragically under-utilized. Insist on it before agreeing to VNS or ECT."
"I have been on it for over a year.  Only problem is a problem with retarded ejaculation.  If I plan on sex Sunday I skip a dose Saturday and take the Sunday dose after sex.  It works for me."
"Taken for only a week now, stream better, quantity or urine better, still get up during the night 2 maybe 3 times but this is better than every 30 mins, Side effects , stuffy nose , bad wind , blurred vision, tiredness , zero ejaculation (however feeling is same) erection not quite as erect as before so mainly sexual (and as im only 42 this maybe a deal breaker) drug works but side effects may overule use !! shame"
"There are a lot of negative reviews, so I thought I would share my experience, because I was freaked out before going on it after reading reviews. Just remember, everyone is different. I&#039;ve been on this birth control now for a little over 2 months. My experience has been overall pretty good-- mild nausea first 2 weeks, a few hours after taking it, (I would say at worst a 4/10). I would suggest taking it before bed, that&#039;s definitely helped and literally zero libido, so that really has sucked. Other than that, no other side effects."
"I had the first one December 2011. No side effects what so ever. No period. Had only unprotected sex and never had a worry. In December 2014 got it removed and another put in. Same simple procedure, they just put it back into the &quot;capsule&quot; that your body makes with the first one. Again no side effects or period. We decided to have another baby so January 2016 got it removed, which I paid $200. As insurance won&#039;t cover it if it is before your three years. Had my first menstrual Feb. 26th 2016. And got pregnant instantly. Had my baby full-term November 27, 2016. And now January 20, 2017 got another one put in. Everyone&#039;s body is different and will tolerate birth control differently. None of the others worked for me, this has been MY birth control"
"As I posted last September 25, 2017 being worried of getting pregnant coz I took the pill during my ovulation day and do our lovemaking again the next day.
 Well, Plan B saves me. I&#039;m not pregnant. I don&#039;t feel any side effects.My period came on the same day as I expected and complete the 4 days cycle, its lighter than my usual menstruation but I did not have bad cramps, headache and dizziness. 
Everything is fine. And Plan B  really works. Girls don&#039;t panic just take it as early as possible wait and relax. Be smart and be safe."
"This medication is a lifesaver.  I was given this medication for neuropathy and fibromyalgia but it has also helped with depression.  I am on 60 mg in the morning.  I had given up on ever getting the fibromyalgia under control."
"I suffer from chronic back and neck pain and I find that it works as well as Vicodin or Percodan. The only big side effect that I get from this medicine is the fact that I am sleepy the next day. I don&#039;t find it addictive but then I only try and take it when I can&#039;t sleep because of the pain"
"I had many issues with hormonal birth control pills, and decided switching to a hormone free, extremely low maintenance option would be great. I&#039;ve had it roughly 3 months, and so far I love it. 

When it was inserted, the stabilizing of the cervix was the most painful. But after it was in I went home and was fine. My vagina was a little swollen for about a week, and I did take an ibuprofen the second day for swelling, but it wasn&#039;t necessary. 

The &quot;strings&quot; of the copper IUD are soft and my partner can&#039;t feel them. I&#039;m still spotting, but my periods haven&#039;t been heavier and only mild cramping (before I had none). If I wasn&#039;t still spotting and bleeding after sex I&#039;d have given it 10 stars, but my dr says spotting like this is normal."
"Did the Suprep last night. Used a straw and plugged nose and took sips of plain water periodically during the course of drinking the  prep.  Popped mint gum in my mouth right after. No nausea at all. Took 7 minutes.  If you are not used to drinking that volume of water you might want to start practicing a few weeks earlier. My work out trainer always has us drinking approx 120 ounces of water throughout the day so the volume was no problem. At the doctors office today a nurse was telling someone it&#039;s not the taste (slight grape) , it&#039;s the liquid volume that makes folks nauseous. It worked really great and was a much better / more efficient experience than the miralax."
"I have been on Beyaz for only 5 days. My doctor recommended it knowing that I am a smoker, but I&#039;m only 25.  I already had a tubal ligation so Beyaz is for hormones and acne.  I feel very nauseous and have severe migraines, loss of appetite extremely tired, also I have a nasty taste in my mouth that just won&#039;t go away no matter how much I brush floss or mouthwash.  I&#039;m not sure if I could handle these side effects being a 2 and 3, working full time I have to have the most energy as possible. These side effects don&#039;t help."
"It doesn&#039;t work at ALL for anxiety."
"I have had mild acne my entire life.  I&#039;m 33 years old and after trying everything finally tried Claravis. The first few months the acne was worse.  The following 3 months I would have my normal breakouts. Finally after 6 or 7 months I just stopped breaking out and haven&#039;t had one pimple since. I&#039;m on my last week of the meds and am sooo happy! The dry lips sucked I kept chapstick on every room of the house at work and in the car but still so worth it to not have to feel the need to load makeup on my face before I leave the house! My advice to everybody is to give it at least six or seven months before you get discouraged and stop taking it!"
"I think it&#039;s day 28, yep on my last pill of the entire first month. Had to use the patch for a while but stopped 5-7 days ago. Still have some cravings but not nearly as bad as first on the medicines. Had to refill my prescription today.  So month 2 coming up."
"I definitely recommend the Mirena as an option for birth control. I decided to get it my senior year in high school because I have goals to achieve and I did not want any babies stopping that. I started off with pills but I realized my lifestyle did not fit that. If you do not want to worry about taking a pill on time EVERYDAY, and worry about the possibilities of you becoming pregnant, get the Mirena. It didn&#039;t hurt much and now all I&#039;m doing is spotting. Take this from a teenager, it DOES work."
"I had to write this review because everyone else&#039;s reviews freaked me out so much before taking this antibiotic. I have a very sensitive stomach and if there is a side effect to a medication, I usually get it. I took this with food and I had no problems at all. No nausea, no stomach pains, no diarrhea, no hives, nothing. Only reason I didn&#039;t give this antibiotic ten stars is because I was hoping to feel better at this point. I just took my last dose and i definitely feel better, but still have a ways to go. All in all, I would recommend this antibiotic and do not be so afraid of the other reviews. Take with food and you will be fine."
"Provigil helps my Multiple Sclerosis fatigue, but my drug insurance company won&#039;t okay it because it&#039;s an &quot;off-label&quot; use. My psychiatrist was actually the first doctor to prescribe it, which is also off-label use. It doesn&#039;t give me great energy, but at least I don&#039;t sleep all day. With depression AND MS I have a double whammy. I definitely know the difference when I don&#039;t have it."
"With all the bad reviews I was scared to try this! So far I have had 0 symptoms. no weight gain, no  hair loss, no appetite increase/decrease. I guess everyones body is different but this birth control works amazing for me"
"My cycles are regulated now which is nice but the part that is driving me crazy is my nipples hurt so bad around the same time every month. I feel nausea, heartburn, same symptoms as a pregnancy. I am going to use for one more month and if it doesn&#039;t go away. I am switching."
"I had the Implanon put in June of 2010. I started out weighing 150 and I rapidly gained weight putting me up to 210lbs. I haven&#039;t gained anymore weight after those first few months but I am certainly not able to lose any of it. I have bad headaches, moody, no energy. I dislike it and will be getting it removed on the 2 year anniversary of getting it in."
"Have been on 3 other pills before Natazia (Microgynon 30, Marvelon, and Brevinor). Had many many symptoms with these pills including constant breakthrough bleeding, nausea, vomiting, headaches, increased appetite, bad moods. I thought I would be one of those women who couldn&#039;t go on the pill at all. Then I tried this pill (having heard its more &quot;natural&quot; and a four-phase pill) and I cannot believe that I haven&#039;t even had any symptoms at all. Nothing, AT ALL! I would seriously recommend this pill if you have had problems with other pills especially regarding breakthrough bleeding."
"Be careful. This drug can put you in the hospital within the first week. I suffered debilitating muscle pain in my left leg. I lost half the muscles. I had to sit in a chair for 3 months to recover on 60 mg of steroids. It took 8 months to figure it out. If you have any pain in your legs or back stop immediately. Don&#039;t think you can overcome the pain, the company will not admit the severity."
"&quot;I am taking Clarithromycin 500mg.I have had a chest infection for over two weeks with no improvement so my G.P prescribed me these antibiotics. Although I have felt better and my chest is not so bad I have been experiencing the side effects from this medication. I have been experiencing very bad dreams - lucid and frightening to the point I don&#039;t want to go to sleep at night. I also have an awful metallic taste in my mouth that makes everything I eat or drink taste horrid. I have been experiencing stomach discomfort - aching/pain in stomach with mild diarrhoea. The worst thing I have experienced so far is the racing heartbeat. I&#039;m considering stopping these tablets as the side effects are far to worrying."
"I was having migraines for 3 years almost daily in summer! Horrible, lived on Imitrex and xanax. My neurologist suggested Botox . First round after the injections I had discomfort really burning in back below my neck. I kept putting heat on it and it was gone in 3 weeks. I also did not like the side effect of my eyebrows going up from botox! My husband said I looked like I was shocked all the time or sometimes a devil! Maybe 1 mild migraine after that! Day I was due for 2nd round I had an excruciating headache before botox shots. Dr went ahead with botox and by days end migraine was gone! This was 2 weeks ago and not 1 migraine. I also asked him not to inject above my eyebrows so he injected in between eyes. Doing wonderful!!!"
"Been taking mobic over 3 years for my arthritis..It has less side effects than celebrex, relafen but is more like the vioxx i took for 10 years.."
"I have been on Stelara for almost 3 months. Had the 3rd shot even 1 month earlier than planned. I have psoriasis on my fingers and nails. I think this drug is just overrated. Nothing really happened. Plus the P is coming back on my elbows again after a long recession. I am supposed to take the last 3 shots but I don&#039;t think there will be any improvement."
"I have Fibromyalgia and major back problems.  Recently,  I visited the ER for my back, and they gave me Tylenol 3, which did nothing for my pain. I went to the doctor a few days later and told him I need something stronger, and he prescribed me 10mg of oxycontin twice per day.  I can only tolerate  taking one per day (any more makes me throw up), but since starting this medicine,  it has significantly reduced my all around pain levels by at least  85%! I am grateful for this medicine."
"I receive Toradol in the ER for migraines when nothing else gets them under control. It is the absolute best treatment when needed."
"After having taken this drug for 2 months, I got an awful, foul taste in my mouth and could not have anything touch my tongue without gagging and a feeling of something in my throat after visiting 5 doctors who just looked at me like I was crazy and never heard of anything like that one said it was the medication.  I stopped taking it on Nov 2 this is Dec 1 and I still cannot eat or drink anything other than water.  I have lost about 25 pounds.  It is making me weak and tired and have no quality of life at this point.  I no longer care about the toenail fungus I have been so sick with the taste, smell problem that the toenail problem is the very least of my worries.  Missed Thanksgiving and hoping I won&#039;t miss Christmas. Don&#039;t take it!!"
"I started this birth control about two months ago. My periods are light and quick. I also haven&#039;t gained any weight. I don&#039;t experience any side effects other than vaginal dryness and uncomfortable sex. I am married and sex is kind of important so I am thinking about switching."
"I was taking YAZ before for over a year. I stopped to try Seasonique. I loved getting my period every three months. But I had unbearable cramps and a cyst that would not shrink in size that was awful! My doctor wanted me to try Ortho Tri cyclen, which I hated before, but I tried it for 2 months. I just stated a new pack of YAZ after seeing my doctor. I never had a decrease in my sex drive or weight gain before. I was very comfortable with it."
"Took this for seasonal depression and after a couple days my mood was a lot better. After a couple of days I actually felt what I thought was euphoria until it leveled out to normal."
"I got on these pills mainly due to the fact that my partner and I are highly sexually active. As of lately not much due to these pills making me moody as well as of course I would get one of the rare side effects. I have vaginal dryness, I have no period which makes me sketched out and my libido is low. This pill just isn&#039;t for me I couldn&#039;t make it past the one month mark. I feel like I should have shopped out more options on the pill side."
"I haven&#039;t had the Mirena for very long, about 4 months. The first two months I bleed a normal period the whole time. I guess it&#039;s kind of normal until your body gets use to the hormones in the Mirena which I guess takes about 3 months. but my doctor put me on a medicine to help slow down the bleeding which stopped my bleeding completely until a few days ago I got my first period and its so light! I don&#039;t even notice it until I go to the bathroom and even then its still hard to see because its so faint. LOVING IT! Other then that no other side effects. Weight is the same and I&#039;ve always been a little moody so that&#039;s never changed. So to anyone who may have been freaking out about bleeding I hope this helps you."
"I was on this medicine for about a year. I had weird side effects. But then I developed blood clots in my lungs (pulmonary emboli) that almost killed me. Dr&#039;s think that it was this pill that caused it.  I now have lung damage."
"I have been suffering with outrageous anxiety and depression of and on for years. I have tried zoloft and used xanax until it didn&#039;t work anymore. I was just about to give up and felt like I was losing my mind when I was prescribed Wellburtrin XL 300mg only in the generic. I had taken it for two months and felt NOTHING. I was desperate. Then a friend who also uses it said to switch to the name brand. I kept reading how after 3 days you feel different, and I DID TOO! I hope this continues because I am feeling so much more relaxed and more like myself. I have stress, but it is not burying me and throwing me into panic. Listen, the generic does not work at all. You have to get the name brand! Hope this helps someone."
"Got it inserted (whitch pinched but didnt really hurt. Did get very light headed) the beginning of may. Its now august and still bleeding followed by smelly odor. Check out and they said things r fine. Ontop of the bleedig and oder ive had hair loss and brusing out of nowhere. Trying to hang in until the full 3 months. Im hoping this will go away as i have tried other methods that i cant keep up with (pills, condoms ect)"
"Impossible to open. Don&#039;t buy it."
"Was prescribed hydroxyzine originally by a doctor who saw me in an ER for a panic attack. Since taking hydroxyzine everything has gotten worse. Even though I&#039;ve stopped taking it, I&#039;m still not back to where I was. Since taking hydroxyzine, I&#039;ve hit an a new low &amp; I&#039;m having trouble coming back from it. While on hydroxyzine I thought I was going insane. Seeing things, hearing voices telling me to kill myself, paranoid to the point that I felt like people were following me &amp; out to get me, started smoking, barely slept &amp; always felt like a ticking time bomb. Quit my job outta nowhere because I couldn&#039;t handle anymore stress, getting outta bed every day was too hard. This medicine is horrible. Wouldn&#039;t recommend to anyone with depression/anxi"
"My boyfriend got me on Drixoral. It&#039;s the only thing that works with my family when the cold season comes around!  My whole family loves it!  Why did they discontinue it and I&#039;m praying that the company that makes it will definitley bring it back!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this for four years, and it barely takes the edge off for me.  I wish there was something else, but this is pretty much it after all the others stopped working, too.  "
"I have been on this medication for over 15 years. I can tell you that this is the absolute best medication for panic attacks, the problem is that I never had any panic attacks until I quit taking the pill after a year of use. I was prescribed this when I was 18 after being hospitalized as the result of several traumatic events. I started on 32 mg and eventually was bumped up to 150mg and then 225 mg. I weened off and survived the withdrawals and felt amazing seriously felt like the best moment of my life but about a year after I stopped taking it, the depression came back twice as bad. "
"I get flare ups of gout, almost always in the largest toe joint sometimes often, and then not for months.  But I ALWAYS have an 11 pill series of Colcrys with me.  I don&#039;t travel ANYWHERE without it and my indomethicin.  4 pills the 1st day, then one a day for 7 days.  The pain is better after the 1st pill, less the second day and usually I can put a shoe on, walk and drive on day 3.

I suffered for years before I found out about colcrys, and spent many attacks in horrible pain, in the military, where all I could do was lace up my combat boots and soldier on.  I tried the &quot;home remedies&quot; with NO relief."
"The medicine seems to be working, although the side effects seem to make you feel even more sick than you were to begin with. Once you get through the first few days it is worth it. I agree that the packaging is far too difficult to figure out at first."
"I have been taking 30 mg once daily for the last month. It&#039;s definitely doing something. I&#039;ve broken out everywhere and I mean everywhere. Huge, gross, cystic and nodular pimple. BUT my dermatologist said that it has to get better before it gets worse. Where my skin isn&#039;t being overran by grossness you can tell that it is clearing up and looking healthier. Tomorrow I will start my new dosage of 40 mg twice daily(the first month you start with 30 a day and then after that my dermo said they figure it out with your body weight) Side effects: pretty bad chapped lips, dry wrists and arms, also always in the bathroom cause I&#039;ve been drink between a gallon and half to two gallons of water a day."
"I think I had every possible side effect there was to have with this birth control. I gave this method several attempts and still FAIL. I had rashes wherever I put it, skin discoloration, constant yeast infections (no matter the placement), headaches, nausea, it kept coming off, bloating. The one good thing I can say about it is (no babies). Good luck, everyone is different."
"Mx it with Tang, it makes it much easier to drink. All you get is tang and a little grittiness. I am experiencing an inability to overeat and some resultant weight loss. i have been on it for about a month."
"I started cymbalta at 24 and I&#039;m now 32... I changed to them after I had my first born but from 18 years old I was on Luvox! 
Yes first year or so I felt the cymbalta helped me a lot. More then the Luvox ever did. But for about a while now I really have noticed the bad things.... I get a migraine if i haven&#039;t taken one by 6pm. I get snappy and angry if I just miss one day... Last yr i Kept forgetting to take my scripted into get filled. After a few days I was yelling and crying and dug myself in a hole! I couldn&#039;t get out of bed the war in my head was so bad! My fam even called doctors on me because they were that worried.... The doctors advice was to go back on my cymbalta and start councelling! I want to change it but I hate it!"
"I do not reccomended this AT ALL. Within a week of taking this, I started hallucinating and I got really bad akethesia. I was up for 3 days seeing things, hearing thinks, and I was even having tactile hallucinations. Most horrible experience I&#039;ve ever had."
"Have been using the 6MG patch for 4 weeks now with absolutely no results. No side effects. No skin irritation. Nothing. Doctor says I should be patient and wait till the 6 week point where it might finally kick in. If it doesn&#039;t we will go to the higher dosage. Probably just double it to the 12MG patch. Not looking forward to the dietary restrictions but it&#039;s a trade off I&#039;m willing to take for relief from 30+ years of despair."
"I&#039;ve been using 5/160 for 3 months and so far they&#039;ve worked for my high blood pressure with no side effects."
"I have been taking these pills for 90 days now and have not stopped smoking or even slow down at all. I don&#039;t understand how everyone can be on the same milligram. Not sure if I should continue with this program still smoking two two or  two and a half packs a day. Has anyone else went through this then had some success."
"After trying several insulin types of medicines which caused severe itching, I was put on Novolog 70/30. At first there were no side effects, then dizziness started to occur and its getting worse, my ankles are starting to swell and I am putting on weight. I&#039;m at my wits end.  Novolog is very convenient to use, but unfortunately now I have to go back to doctor and start a new medication and go through trial and error with a new medication which can also be very costly."
"Started Stribild January 2014. CD4 was 900, viral load 16000 at time I started. After 20 days I had bloods done to check how it was working including liver, kidney function tests and bone density test. Results where outstanding. After just 20 days CD4 was 1200 and viral load undetectable. Kidney and liver working normal and bone density normal. I take it in the morning with food. In the first week I suffered very slight side effects, loose stool and slight dizziness within two hours of taking it. Now feel no side effects at all. In fact feel like I have a lot more energy.  I recommend this medicine it works really well."
"I suffer from chronic constipation, mainly due to the side effects of medications I take to control pain from RRMS (Opana and Norco), and probably the MS itself. I am so sick of the nightly stomach pains, &quot;sitting sessions&quot; and nothing comes out, avoiding vacations due to &quot;single&quot; bathroom situation, non stop talking about it, and the effect it has on my sex life.  My neuro seems hesitant to Rx Amitiza, and tells me to use Miralax, which does not work that well.  Tried adding Magnesium Oxide, but gave me cramps and bad diarrhea for 3 days (a bit of a purging session if you will), of course followed by constipation again.  I drink a gallon of H2O a day, and just sick and tired of dealing with this, it this med that good ?"
"I got my implant on October 1, 2015, when I was 17. Today&#039;s date is May 4th, so I&#039;ve had it in for about seven months. I very lightly spotted for the first time a few weeks ago, but I think that was just because I was spending a lot of time with other girls who were on their periods (I have a long and annoying history of syncing periods). Other than that, I haven&#039;t bled at all. I haven&#039;t gained weight. I&#039;ll get the occasional pimple once every few months, but that&#039;s usually how it goes for me, I don&#039;t get acne anyways. The only thing I could complain about is headaches and mood swings. I&#039;m a very emotional person normally, but for the past seven months it&#039;s been significantly worse. Reading these other reviews, I guess I got pretty lucky."
"I would recommend this pill to anyone! I started taking adipex 37.5 mg only last week, and i am already down 15 lbs. thats crazy! It doesnt make me want to eat i actually have to remind myself sometimes to eat. And i was always the girl with food in her hand. I havent done much excersise just walking on nature trails. Bit for anyone wondering if it actually works, the answer is yes!"
"I have been on Plaquenil, methotrexate and several other medicines since I was diagnosed with RA 10 years ago. Nothing seemed to work, had trouble just brushing teeth, brushing hair and the smallest task. Then 3 months ago they put me on Enbrel and boy what a big difference it made. Now I have my life back."
"Had mierna for about 6 months. Was told that it would help my cysts disappear and it had little to no side effects. It was a great thing being that i got pregant with my son while on the pill. This was 5 years, check string, no periods, and all that. Well starting 2 months after having it in which would be july 2015 i started experiencing pain in my lower abdomen, back and my left leg/foot. It wasnt bad then every month from july 2015 until this month nov 2015 i was in more and more pain. No doctor could explain why. Finally decided to have it removed a few days ago. Best decision i made because the same day i started feeling better. All the pain was going away or gone. It&#039;s a good form of birth control but isnt for every women."
"After suffering with years of moderate depression I finally decided to do something about it.  I have been on Wellbutrin for  6 days now.  I started on 150mg SR for the first 3 days and now on 150mg SR twice a day.  I kid you not, after day 3 I felt like a different person.  It was the first time in years that my first thought when I woke up wasn`t ``I wish I was dead``..  I was drinking quite a bit before taking Wellbutrin and have not had a drop since starting it, nor do I have any desire.  I am hoping that the stop smoking aspect kicks in soon, hasn`t yet!  My only complaint are the vivid dreams.  Night terrors actually. they wake me up, but I am able to fall asleep again after.  small price to pay!"
"I have been using the Nuva-ring for about 5 years. I used the Nuva-Ring because I would forget to take the pill. At first things were awesome because I would insert it in and leave it in for 3 weeks. Well over time my moods got weirder and weirder. I&#039;m starting new birth control next month. I&#039;m tired of having bad moods and being sick all the time. I&#039;m not saying I don&#039;t recommend it but I know it&#039;s not for me anymore."
"I had the Nexplanon implant inserted in November of 2012, and had it recently taken out and a new one put back in. I have nothing but great things to say about it! I haven&#039;t gained weight, lost sex drive, or had a drastic change in moods/emotions. I can certainly say it effects everyone differently, just like every other birth control, but it&#039;s definitely worth a shot!!"
"I was hesitant to try this but I really didn&#039;t want to have a hysterectomy. I&#039;ve already had one ovary/tube out due to my endometriosis. I was recently diagnosed with also have adenomyosis now. It was Depo-Provera, Lupron or a hysterectomy. I read so many terrible reviews that it had me nervous but I tried it anyway. I&#039;ve gained a few pounds but am also 45 and lazy so that may be the more likely culprit. My acne is actually gone. I&#039;ve had no endometrosis symptoms. My hair is slightly thicker. For me it&#039;s been a miracle. We&#039;re hoping to be able to have these results until menopause hits."
"The first week I had some very brief agitation (day 4) that lasted for about 30 minutes.  By the end of the first week, my cravings were nearly gone.  I am down to only 1 to 3 uses per day, which is a major reduction for me.  I plan to be completely done by day 20.    No other side effects.  Not feeling any nicotine withdrawal symptoms.  I plan to use the Wellbutrin full strength for 1-2 weeks after quitting entirely and then begin the taper process.    Amazing product."
"Took the medication for 2 months loss about 12lbs than all my liver enzymes went up had to stop"
"I&#039;m on my 9th day of the pill and feel depressed and have been crying non stop.  I had to call in to work because of this. I have gained 6lbs in the last 9 days and have no sex drive. I have been bleeding for 9 days now and there are no signs of that letting up any time soon. This is severely atypical for me.  I am usually the happiest person you will meet and now I can&#039;t stop crying."
"If Nafcillin was not available I would not be here today.  Yes, I had diarrhea sometimes, but did not outweigh the benefits of the antibiotic."
"I am a new user of Nuvigil 150mg, so far I have experienced more energy, less sleepy moments. "
"The best BC out there. 2nd time getting it and it&#039;s still being good to me. It actually has gotten my sex drive up. No side effects. Only thing is I can&#039;t predict when is my next period so my husband assumes I&#039;m pregnant, but when it does come I only spot for a few days."
"Was prescribed a paxil and wellbutrin combo twelve years ago, and the effects fell away over time. Dr kept wellbutrin, dropped paxil, and replaced paxil with a series of meds that increased anxiety, made concentration super hard, and I felt constantly nauseous. Starting tomorrow on only wellbutrin xr. I&#039;ll report back. I really need to feel better."
"At first I felt OK with taking this medication. I took 1 pill in the morning for a week and then 2 pills a day. 4 days into 2 pills a day I had to stop. I was experiencing blurry vision, lightheaded, mood swings/anger, extremely vivid thoughts and dreams to the point of not sleeping. This was not the medication for me. Very scary. Please consider the side effects before taking."
"I promised myself that i would come back and right a review as I was on here for days and days reading these to try and ease my mind. I had unprotected sex on April 7th and the morning of April 8th ( about 12 hours after) I took plan-b. I was freaking out because I wasn&#039;t on birth control, and we didn&#039;t use a condom. BAD IDEA!! Don&#039;t use the pull out method! My expected period is supposed to come around April 20th-22nd. Its April 15th and I started bleeding yesterday, it was quite light. But then last night it got really heavy. A little heavier then my normal period and was experiencing some cramps and a headache. But as we all know that the Plan-b can make your period come early or late. This definitely has to be my period!! Breathe ladies"
"After receiving the medicine by the medic the only side effect I experience was a very warm sensation over my body that lasted about 1 1/2 hours that was it. I thank goodness for this medicine it truly saved my life."
"I just got my Skyla IUD put in an hour ago, so my review will be on insertion. I&#039;m 23, never had children, and have been struggling to find an birth control option that works for me. 

Like most of you reading this, I was scared of IUD insertion due to the horror stories I&#039;ve read in reviews. Honestly I felt a light flutter of a cramp and it was done. No pain at all. Then again, I have REALLY heavy periods and deal with terrible cramps all the time, so for me it was nothing.

My doctor also numbed my cervix with some aerosol stuff, called Hurricane? That may have helped. I also took 500mg of Naproxen 30 minutes before the procedure, and was taking deep calm breaths the whole time. I feel great right now, no complaints!"
"I have been taking temazepam off and on for years. Tried Ambien too. Ambien knocks me out right away, but I can only sleep for about 4 hours on it. Temazepam takes a little longer maybe an hour and I need to stay relaxed. Makes me feel a little dopey, but I sleep all night. No ill effects the next day. No rebound effects the next day. Only take twice a week at most for best results. Take a couple of months vacation from it every few months."
"I have PCOS I thought I was the only one experiencing issues with this pill. Since Lomedia was discontinued I&#039;ve been using this and it&#039;s absolutely horrible. The first 2 months I used it , it was great. My PCOS is very difficult to deal with seeing how I&#039;m always on my menstrual and w/o birth control it will not stop , so technically I rely on this for regularity in my life but its been causing havoc. My menstrual comes every other week , I&#039;m always bloated , my mood swings are unbearable that my friendships and relationships are being affected by it my work performance is horrible as well seeing how I&#039;m always tired and irritable and my sex life, forget about it. I get turned off when with just a touch on my wrist , this PILL is a NO"
"Very good"
"Only medication that works for me along with Buspar. I have been suicidal, etc. before being put on Viibryd."
"My first treatment was with incevic and it almost killed me. Massive weight loss and a blood transfusion. 2 years later went on sovaldi no measurable side effects a pleasant experience and not positive in 4 years"
"I&#039;m 37 started 10 mg of it last night. I have five herniated discs, had some head trauma, I have chronic nerve damage, pinched nerves  horrible migraines dark spots in my brain. Last night I slept like a baby for the first time in forever. I was given this medication by my Neurologist a few weeks ago and have been extremely hesitant to take it. I feel a little different like I have more focus. Hopefully this will continue to help me with my healing. I still have pain though but only took this once so probably haven&#039;t been on it long enough to notice a huge difference. This morning I feel more focused "
"I lost 46 pounds. I went from a size 20 to size 14 and then my dr put my on this.  I mentioned I had extreme irritability-like I have zero patience for any and everyone!  
My Dr. told me it wasn&#039;t relevant but after reading other reviews I know I&#039;m not alone. It hasn&#039;t helped me lose any weight.  It costs me $142 a month for hopes wishes and dreams.  This is crazy.  I don&#039;t like taking a drug for seizures when I have no problems with that.  I&#039;m seeking a second opinion and hoping I can get phentermine for 3 months and be done with this.  
It really is the worst feeling to be so angry and irritated and pissed off with everyone when I&#039;m the one doing this to myself all in the hopes to lose 20 more pounds.  Ugh!!!"
"Taking for 2 mths. I have had some side effects...in the beginning just overall weird feeling, exhaustion, wake up feeling like I hadn&#039;t slept, dry mouth, headaches, at the one month mark I started getting bad indigestion (now I take an acid reducer pill and half glass of milk). But they almost all have gone away and now I feel great! The anger, the negative thinking, the impulsive verbal reactions, the depression, the anxiety...all gone. This was hugely affecting my relationship (he almost walked away) and work life too. My relationship is now in the best place ever and I am happy going in to work. The little things do not bother me like they did before. I do not have blunted feelings and I have not lost my sex drive! Hang in there!"
"I was on Ortho Tri-cylcen Lo for a few years. I decided to change it up and try Yaz and this made me insane. I had horrible mood swings, I was depressed, I didn&#039;t have any interest in my job or friends, and I just wanted to die. My boyfriend made me switch back to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and I was back to normal. It was an awful experience, and its disturbing how something can change you so drastically. I know other people who are perfectly fine on Yaz, but it did not agree with me at all. I think it was just too much hormones for me. Every body is different."
"I have been on it for 4 months now. It was okay at first then I realized I was having mood swings. I have NO sex drive whatsoever. Annoying vaginal dryness when I do and it hurts. I also have yeast infections right before my period for the past 2 months which I never had before in my life. Nothing has changed so I think the pill is to blame. My period is also a little unpredictable but very light. My skin hasn&#039;t gotten better but a little worse. Not much weight gain though. It&#039;s okay but just not the right one for me. But I didn&#039;t get pregnant so that&#039;s great!"
"I got the paraguard for the first time in 2009 after I had my first child and I loved it!! I had it removed in 2013 when we planned for our second child, after my daughter was born I had another paraguard put back and I still love it!! I&#039;ve never experienced any sort of problems with the Para guard and I&#039;ve had it a total of more than 5 years."
"I used this in conjunction with Clenia. It worked great for about a year and now doesn&#039;t seem to do anything."
"Works great.  No allergy symptoms, no side effect, and it decongests me too."
"Been taking Saxenda for 2 weeks and am on 1.8mg, going up to 2.4 today. Down 5 pounds! Goal is to lose 30 more. It has greatly reduced my appetite and any cravings. Few side effects: dehydrated, vomited once, nauseous here and there. I inject in the evening. Bought needles quite I expensively off Amazon. My insurance won&#039;t pay for it so I ordered it from a reputable Canadian pharmacy. I have hypothyroidism and am menopausal so losing wt is very hard. I have high hopes Saxenda will work for me!"
"My son was diagnosed with ADHD about 6 months ago,he is 7 years old, this medicine Works great. He&#039;s not zombified. Helps him to really focus and helps with school. Only side effect I noticed is he doesn&#039;t have a appetite and it wears off about 4pm and he eats like crazy then. No mood swings. Very satisfied with this medication."
"This drug should be pulled and not used I took this as prescribed to dry up breast milk and by the second day  I could feel my brain throbbing after fighting all day to try to make my head not explode I call my dr was told to get to the ER asap the next thing I can remember was my husband asking if that was me laying there ( all the blood vessels had broke in my face and eyes ) then I woke up 3 weeks later and have a 3 week old baby that didn&#039;t know me and I didn&#039;t know him that was in 1992 and have had blood pressure problem every since I can&#039;t believe thes medicine is still on the market please beware of what this drug can do"
"I was on Junel FE 1/20 for almost 3 years mainly to treat my Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome and for birth control. I took it consistently and I never got pregnant during this time and my cysts did get smaller. I also noticed that I gradually got less acne to the point where I only have 1 or 2 breakouts per month now (but I had acne before I even started the pill). My breasts grew 1 cup bigger for the first 2 years. However, after the 1st year, I noticed that my periods became very light and I would miss my periods for consecutive months. I noticed that my breasts went back to its original size during the third year. Also, I lost my sex drive in the third year due to dryness in my vagina, so I decided to switch."
"I had my first depo shot november 25 2015, I was good for a week with no bleeding, I was suppose to go get my 2nd shot 25 feb 2016 but decided not too as I bled &amp; still am bleeding today 13.03.2016, cramps are really bad clots are bad, I wish I had never had this shot. The doctor doesn&#039;t tell you that this could happen for months on end if they did I guess most of us would have thought twice about having it. I am full of regrets &amp; I&#039;m more depressed than I was before. I hate the bleeding it makes me feel disgusting &amp; dirty as its never ending on a daily basis. My mood swings are at what i would call a dangerous level. I so would suggest that women thinking this is the best contraceptive out there, too think twice &amp; read what has happened to us"
"I have been taking Dexilant for over a year now.  I had many of these symptoms for a few months with the gas and bloating, but after a few months of taking it that has all gone away. I did not have diarrhea or vomiting, but some constipation. I am wonderful everyday now unless I don&#039;t take it even one day and then I am miserable again with the heartburn. "
"This prep was terrible with suprep  bowel prep. I have colon cancer that runs in my family history and take colonoscopies seriously as a preventative measure.  However, I would not prep again using this stuff and would insist on going back to the old method with gatoraid and over the counter laxatives.  Super bowl prep tasted disgusting and salty even when mixed with crystal light.  And I started at 5pm and it took till 11pm for it to finally kick in.  I felt bloated and nauseous and wanting to throw up until 11pm.  Due to how long it took to kick in I was up literally all night going to the bathroom.  So I got no sleep.  I wasn&#039;t finished till about 8pm the next morning.  The old method is definitely more kind to your system and works faster."
"I will not ever take this medication again (Generic form of Bactrim DS). I landed in the ER with a severe kidney infection... was given antibiotics, nausea medication, and pain medication through an IV. went home six hours later and started the Bactrim that night. I woke up at 2am absolutely drenched head to toe in sweat, with chills... couldn&#039;t  fall back asleep. The next day I had the worst headache... terrible, terrible pain in the base of my skull, and a horribly stiff and sore neck. Any time I stood up I could feel my blood pressure in my head sore, just throbbing. I had zero appetite. I stopped the Rx after 2.5 days. I felt worse after I started the Rx than before it. Never, ever again."
"I have been on Harvoni for 4 weeks. It&#039;s cleared my psoriasis up. I was covered with it. I also have lost weight Headaches,  fatigue. Nausea. This is helping me with better than anything thing else I have tried. I have been waiting a long time for this."
"I went off Viibyrd &amp; started Brintellix 10mg. I was having severe headaches &amp;
my brain was foggy so I asked my doctor if I could drop down to 5mg. That seemed to be much better, but then I asked to take it at night and not in the AM......That was the trick, take at bedtime, I sleep well all night and have energy when I get up. I&#039;m thankful I have good insurance, but it is very very
expensive. I was just told it&#039;ll be this expensive for 7 -10 years so the company can recoup their money, then we can buy the generic....Just not until Brintellix gets their money back. That&#039;s so sad !!!! If you ask your doctor, he can give you a coupon saving you $30.00 a month for the first year which helps. I also had side effects, but their tapering finally."
"I love Implanon. At first I was skeptical because of all the bad reviews plus I have a terrible fear of shots and I hate pain. Well to be very clear it didn&#039;t hurt at all. I was surprised. I was previously on the Nuvaring and I hated it because it kept giving me urinary tract infections and I can&#039;t keep up with the pills so that&#039;s why I decided to do Implanon. I haven&#039;t had any irregular bleeding yet or actually I haven&#039;t bled any at all and I&#039;ve been on it for little over a month. No side effects yet and I&#039;m glad I&#039;m covered for three years. Hope this review helps someone else."
"I have been on Belviq for 1 month.  The first day I was extremely tired and weak.  No other symptoms!  I have lost 5 lbs this month.  I take 10mg belviq 2x a day have been taking 30 mg of phentermine in the middle of the day last few weeks.  Prior to this i was on phentermine 37.5 mg twice a day and was able to lose and keep off about 30 lbs.  You still have to work at it to lose weight with this drug, it just makes things a little easier.  Within the first few days I could tell I was eating smaller portions and getting full fast. I have 15 pounds to lose to get to my goal weight so my weight loss is slower than someone with more to lose.  Usually I will lose 1-2 per month so I am very happy with 5 lbs!  It is expensive but its worth a try."
"I&#039;ve never had kids but after bad side affect after 5 yr pill usage I wanted hormone free. First MD said no. Then went to Planned Parenthood (they tell insurance ) and they were very accomodating. They informed me fully first
. Get in stirrups, they clean cervix with wipes (painless ) then they stick something to open cervix. Not painless but bearable. Isolated pain like one bad menstrual cramp kinda takes breath away, but more of a physical reaction as opposed to bc of pain. She stuck the IUD in, I felt lightheaded and nauseated so she put my feet up and gave me a cool rag. After 5 minutes I left. Just did it today and having period like cramping but I&#039;ll be ok. Just laying down. So far so good."
"I&#039;ve tried Viagra and found it worked pretty well, I had some side effects namely heart burn and headaches so thought I&#039;d try Cialis to see if I suffered from the same effects. I started off by taking 10mg of Cialis and after an hour I had a slight stirring in the loins but that was about it, so took the remainder of the dosage (10mg) and it helped slightly but was still less that I would normally get without any medication, very disappointed and to top it all I&#039;ve had heart burn most of the following day. I bought a pack of 8 costing a reasonable amount to add to the situation.  Guess it works for some and not others."
"Woke up about an hour after insertion with intense burning and itching! Had to wipe off as much as possible for some relief. Now just stinging but can&#039;t sleep. I would not use this product again!"
"DO NOT TAKE THIS!!! I&#039;ve been losing weight and trying to tweak my meal plan but I sometimes don&#039;t get enough fiber and then become constipated. I took a single dulcolax before bed and woke up around 11:30 in extreme pain. I went to the bathroom and had a BM but immediately after I got so warm. I sat on the bathroom floor thinking I was going to die. I then proceeded to vomit. I will never take this again."
"I have suffered from erectile dysfunction since I was 16!  I snapped the blood vessels in the base of my penis.  I began using Muse (suppositories you place in your urethra).  Then Viagra was approved.  So, I have been using Viagra for 16 years, I tried Levitra and Cialis when they were available, but they didn&#039;t work as well as Viagra.  I got a prescription for Stendra last week and tried it today.  I didn&#039;t get the pressure in my head like I do with Viagra, and also I didn&#039;t get the blueish tint to everything.  However, it doesn&#039;t work as well as Viagra.  My erections would come and go.  I guess everyone is different!  I was hoping it would work as well as Viagra without the side effects.  I guess I will stick to my little blue pill!"
"I wasn&#039;t near as nervous as I shouldve been before the insertion of Skyla. My doctor said that in some cases your uterus can be pointed a different direction which affects the ease of the insertion, which was my case. Im not sure if this was the reason for my pain but I have never cramped this badly. After having it removed I nearly passed out. I can normally tolerate pain but I&#039;ve never hurt as bad as I did following the insertion. My cramps were nearly unbearable. I would go through spells that feel how that of contractions would. The cramping eased off after 2 days but it wasnt the end. I&#039;m on my 5th week and although Im not bleeding anymore (I was previously on Depo which made me bleed a consistent 3 1/2 months) It occasionaly cramps."
"I have a very light abnormal bleeding after intercourse and was prescribed Nora be, I was so scared of taking this due to the fact that I&#039;ve taken the patch, the shot and the combo pill and they all sucked, they all caused weight gain, hair loss and moodiness and my period lasted FOREVER.  So I expected no less from this pill.  But to my surprise my period stopped when it was supposed too, no bloat, weight gain or hair loss so far.  Guess my body doesn&#039;t agree with extra estrogen so  protestrian  it is.  If you have a bad experience with all these estrogen bc&#039;s I suggest giving this a try.  Only thing I hate about it is taking it everyday at the same time but dealing with that rather then the estrogen side effect is minor."
"Works extremely well for my fibromyalgia pain."
"I&#039;ve been taking tri-sprintec for about 5 years. It stared when I was 15, and the first few months my face had acne absolutely everywhere; the acne lasted about 3 months. 
 Some of the side effects did occur to me such as anxiety, mood swings.. but the most important fact is that I have not gotten pregnant, and the pill is easily affordable.. so that&#039;s why I keep using it."
"I am finishing up my final month on Claravis, the first two months I have to say were the worst. I broke out so bad that every time I smiled I felt nothing but throbbing pain all over my face. Now my face has started to clear but slowly. I have dark spots, and redness all over my face plus some blackheads to go along with it. I don&#039;t breakout as bad as I did back in month 2. Hopefully I will be able to see a clear future. "
"I had left S I joint pain for 8 yrs been to a million drs, tried a million remedies. But my dr put me on Cymbalta. A few days later I ended up in ER with excruciating pain. But when they added a shot of Lorazepam the pain I&#039;d had for years went away. For 9 months, with the combo of Cymbalta 60mg and Lorazapam 2 mg I was completely pain free, but after 9 months the effectiveness has waned. I still take both meds to take the edge off the pain but nothing else really works. Except when I was told I had Fibromyalgia and night sweats and I found out those are caused by LYME DISEASE. Luckily I found a LYME LITERATE DR who is treating me."
"I been using tretinoin 1%  for 2 weeks now, acne prone skin applying only at night with my favorite night cream. Yes my face peeled ALOT only for few days till my skin got used to it but might I say oooh my gosh what difference! Be patient it really works..keep applying your favorite cream in between to keep skin moist. Peeling will stop after first few days, my skin peeled so much but loved results. Remember peeling skin means new healthy skin! "
"I had Nexplanon inserted 6 weeks postpartum. The insertion was easy pretty painless and it only bruised for a couple of days. I&#039;ve only had it for 4 months the first month I had a pretty heavy period it lasted for 6 days but it was bearable. I haven&#039;t had a cycle since that first month though. I have noticed a little weight gain but not a lot. What I would say is the most annoying is that around the time I should get my period I&#039;m very annoyed and have pretty bad headaches and my arm itches like crazy where the rod is inserted other than that I&#039;ve had no complaints."
"I started on 1 mg for a couple of days, then 2 mg for a couple of days. I was on 4 meg only 4 days and 8 meg for just two. At that point, I was so dizzy I could barely drive. I was actually getting motion sickness as a driver, and I drive probably 25,000 miles a year. I could actually feel my prostate shrink, but had some horrible side-effects. My semen dried up to nothing, and as far as ejaculating during sex--forget it. I took the drug only a total of two weeks, and I&#039;ve been off it for 10 days, and still can&#039;t get an erection. Fortunately, the dizziness cleared up after about 3-4 days after stopping. I can&#039;t find any documentation at all to show how long the drug persists in the average person."
"I have been taking Prozac (fluoxetine) for about a month now. I&#039;m 15 and I am taking it for anxiety disorder and depression. So far it has been working. I have not been at all depressed for a while. It took about a week and a half for it to start making a difference. I noticed that I&#039;m more calm when it comes to stress. I like it. I&#039;m taking 10mg at the moment. The only complaint I have about it, is that I have noticed an increase in appetite, which I hate."
"I started using epiduo and I suffered really badly at school and now it has all disappeared and I get the occasional spot but thats when I eat unhealthily"
"Out of all the birth control pills, this one is best!  Gained some weight in the &quot;right&quot; spots :)  Less PMS, if any @ all, lighter periods/flow.  And this pill is safe enough to take for 3 consecutive months, so you can have your period only 4 times a year!!!  That&#039;s so AWESOME!"
"I have peripheral neuropathy, my arms, hands, legs and feet are all affected, my legs and feet get ice cold. I have been taking Neurontin for 4 years now. For me it&#039;s not working I was taking 1800 mg a day. I had to call the doctor the other day the pain was so bad and he changed my dose to a higher 1800 mg a day. It&#039;s been 3 days and the pain level has not changed."
"I have had good results with Reclast, for osteoporosis.  I&#039;ve had 3 infusions, in three years.  I am scheduled to have my 4th, this May. I have had no fractures during this time.  I have had flu-like side-effects, that lasted 1-3 days, each time I&#039;ve had my infusions.  However, if you have them infuse the Reclast slower, over 30 minutes vs. 15 minutes, and you get well hydrated before, and stay hydrated well after, it will help.  There is currently a warning letter out in Canada, sent by Novartis, regarding Reclast causing serious Kidney issues, a few leading to kidney failure, dialysis, and even death.  Our FDA has not responded to this.  Make sure you have your Kidney Doctor&#039;s blessing, before you take Reclast.  I see mine next week."
"My boyfriend and I had a drunkem night of sex (oops) and I took this as soon as I got up and out of the house in the morning. My period did not come immediately, but it did!!! And a very painful one. Aftera works like a charm! Same active ingredients as plan b."
"I had endoscopy  Thanks Goodness its not an ulcer or H.pylori. Since diagnosed with mild gastritis but then doctor gave me Dexilant, domperidone and Gaviscon . Its compulsory to take Dexilant everyday for 2 weeks , but then I had nausea all day, diarrhea 3-4 times a day, my body getting weak and no appetite, its getting worse in the office due to the side effect . After 10 days , I stopped. I could not take it anymore although nurse asking me to continue it. The day after, I could eat without having nausea anymore, I don&#039;t even need to go bathroom every time everyday. If you experience same thing like me, STOP it because your body has rejected and caused weak, body aches and cramps, nausea diarrhea. Trust me"
"I was on Loryna for two months. I&#039;m was a pretty mellow person before that I got the occasional mood swing that gave me whip lash and frequent hot flashes (which don&#039;t happen to a lot of people). Plus I was very dry in sex. Overall it was okay. I&#039;m a happy camper when there&#039;s no cramps. Then started Gianvi a month ago.  NO MOOD SWINGS or hot flashes. And no dryness. The only down side is every once in a while I lose me appetite. This works for me."
"I was on the Vivelle-dot for about 8 years. It took away all the unpleasantness of menopause: the insomnia, the crying, the hot flashes, the dizziness, the panic attacks. And I had absolutely no side effects. Life was great. Then, I stupidly tried to use something different in order to save money (the estradiol pill) and all the menopause horrors came back, along with new ones (nausea, acid reflux, non-stop migraines. I went back on the Vivelle-dot and felt so much better. Financially, it is a bit expensive, but I switched to the generic by Sandoz and it effects me the same as vivelle-dot. Pure bliss."
"Cymbalta has given me my life back. I finally feel like me again. The loving, caring, free-spirited person I had forgotten about. I can finally function, which is so important to me. I am getting a 4.0 in college. I feel like a walking miracle! I can&#039;t believe where I am today; that a pill could literally save my life. I was so close to suicide, so violent, and so depressed. I wanted to die. I&#039;m FINALLY HAPPY! 

It&#039;s sad that Cymbalta has low reviews from people withdrawing from it. I&#039;m sure it&#039;s difficult. But does that take away from how much it helps!? I might be on it the rest of my life, who knows? "
"After the removal of a tumour and bone graft surgery I suffered from debilitating pain that occurred at night which ultimately kept me from sleeping.  For years, me and the doctors searched for the source of the pain but they could not find a reason and I was told to live with it.  This year I was suggested Cymbalta because my doctor had said it was working as a pain reliever for other patients.  I was willing to try anything to rid the pain and After about 3 weeks I noticed a dramatic decrease in my pain.  After a few months I am practically pain free. For those who deal with chronic pain on a daily basis this is best thing that could happen.  I never thought anything would help, Cymbalta has given me my life back."
"Have been smoking for 38 years my cigarette intake had crept up to 15-20. I&#039;ve never really thought about stopping but had a medical scare and thought right that&#039;s it ! Started Champix 7 days ago, I am truly amazed they are magic, I actually stopped smoking on day 5 not even wanting one no cravings. It&#039;s as if I have never smoked at all I just can&#039;t explain it. I would say the only side effect I&#039;ve had is constipation. If you have any doubt about this medication don&#039;t they actually work. Amazing."
"After not seeing my boyfriend after three days, well let&#039;s just say the night got hot and heated. In the midst of things the condom broke right after he had finished. Instantly every moment before and thereafter had been ruined.  Instantly we moved quickly into action, that is --rushing to our local pharmacy. The pill cost about $50.  After 30-45 minutes of the condom breaking, I took the pill.  I was extremely nervous because I had just finished ovulating a week prior to this happening and just knew I was extremely fertile by this time.  My period was scheduled to start just four days later.  After taking the pill, the next day I experienced constant hot flashes and at times nausea. My period started on time! Thanks Plan B!"
"Works everytime.  The only drawback is that if  you don&#039;t hit the proper insertion point it&#039;s a waste of medication.  It&#039;s not always available at many local pharmacies.  Otherwise I love it and my partner loves it too."
"Methadone has once again helped me get clean for almost a year. I detoxed off of it 12 years ago &amp; yes it was tough but possible.  Take it nice and slow when detoxing and consider a blind detox so you cant convince yourself your feeling a drop in your dose. If you can afford Suboxone I would suggest that over Methadone for easier detox."
"I can&#039;t believe how crazy I feel.  I just inserted day 3 thinking it has to get better and I&#039;m on Fire!!  The burning and constant itching is almost unbearable!  I had to take benadryl every night to&quot;knock me out&quot; because I was so miserable"
"This medication gave me back my life. I take 75mg twice daily of the XR and for me it&#039;s the perfect dosage. I wake up every day feeling hopeful and great. I used to suffer horribly with stress and anxiety it was crippling. Thank goodness for this medication cause other meds didn&#039;t help but this medication did."
"My daughter (11 years old) had been on Vyvanse, but was still struggling and experiencing excellerated heart rate.  She was not eatting, not sleeping, and losing weight.  Greatful for the medication, but side effects were starting to be a problem.  Doctor added Intuniv 2mg on top of Vyvanse and it was great.  Seemed to offset all the negative caused by Vyvanse."
"Diagnosed a year ago. The tegratol helps with the pain massively, reducing it to more of and ache. My g.p has me on a step up and and step down routine so I&#039;m not in them long term. It&#039;s working for me at the moment"
"This is the first time I have taken Chantix and the first time I have really given an effort to stop smoking and it is working great for me. Not only have I not smoked since my chosen date to stop but I haven&#039;t had any side effects except if I don&#039;t take it with food I get nausea. I definitely think if you want to stop smoking this is the most effective way than any other."
"I read a lot of reviews and here&#039;s what worked for me - 3 days ahead I ate a low fiber diet, cut my calories in almost half and drank lots of water. The day before I had a slight hunger headache but managed ok on the liquid diet. I drank my first &quot;cocktail&quot; at 6pm, topping it off with a splash of gingerale. I forgot the straw but put a bit of Anbusol on my tongue (which was icky tasting.) I didn&#039;t find it horrible just was aware that it&#039;s a different consistency than pure water. I brushed my teeth and took about 40 minutes to drink the 32 ounces of water. Things got going 50 min later, for about 2 hours. No cramping, gentle elimination, just chills from all the cold liquid so am sipping tea now. I start again at 3:30am. Good luck!"
"It has smoothed and cleared my face. It works like magic because now its about a month and all my worries are gone. "
"Other than slight restlessness no real side effects, my slight weight gain is likley to be from  Boredom hunger. I&#039;m not as flippant and feel a little more levelled. No real change in ppl following me other than it bothers me less. I suspect I&#039;m also receiving a placebo at times."
"Been taking 100mg of Zoloft for about 5 weeks now to treat depression and general anxiety with what also may be a touch of obsessive compulsive disorder.  I have to say the results were better than expected.  I may have experienced a placebo effect within the first week when things seemed magically better but by the second week the anxiety and depression hit again.  By weeks and 3 &amp; 4 it began leveling off and I now feel more balanced emotionally.  My mind isn&#039;t spending time fixating on things outside of my control and things have been looking up even though my personal situation has not improved all that much."
"Started off with the expected side effects which subsided after about 2 weeks so no real problem there. Worked really well on my severe plaque psoriasis on my hands, arms, legs and back, not so good on my feet. Unfortunately it stopped working after about 4 to 5 months and is now about 80% as bad as before I started on Otezla."
"Due to possible heart failure about 15 years ago I started having partial seizures waking up in airplanes or hotels not knowing were I was for some time and than gradually became alert until I started with many severe seizures. I started with Tegretol and then switched with Trileptal that was very effective. Forgot to take it a few times and had seizures until I became very conscious of the need and since then I am quite well. I need to stay far from confrontations and conflicts. I currently take 1,500 MG daily (600 morning, 300 dinner 600 @ sleep). My sodium level suffered a lot but I am good on it now. The way to balance it is with coconut water, sports drink and adding a bit more on home cooking. It is a super medicine. I miss my red wine!"
"I have been taking Contrave, 1 pill bid, for over 2 weeks.  Have not lost ONE pound.  Have been extraordinarily hungry - to the point that my stomach starts growling by about 6 pm!!!!  Seriously?  I have been overwhelmingly tired throughout the day and have found it very difficult to get up in the mornings.  I was already taking Wellbutrin, so I just took Contrave instead of my daily dose of Wellbutrin since it was close to the same dose.  Perhaps this doesn&#039;t work for people that have been on wellbutrin for a while.  Total waste of money and time."
"I am on 5mg of Abilify and 100mg of Pristiq.   I have been on this combination for about a year.   As a result, I&#039;ve been the happiest I have been in many years of struggling with severe depression.  HOWEVER,  I&#039;m torn.   I recently recovered from a very severe eating disorder after 30 years!   My weight in a lifetime has been as low as 70lbs and as high as 120lbs. I am 5&#039; 3&quot;.  NOW after a year of recovery from the eating disorder AND taking the Abilify and Pristiq,  I have gained over 50lbs!!!!  As you can imagine,  I am totally freaked out.  I suffer from arthritis and it is very difficult to exercise, although I try.  At any rate, I don&#039;t know what to do.   I feel great,  but the weight gain is overwhelming and I&#039;m still gaining! HELP!!!"
"Started treatment in July 2016 after being diagnosed. Went from a viral load of 75,000 to undetectable in 4 months."
"Within one day the frequent urination and restricted flow greatly improved ,  feel like I&#039;m back to normal, thank goodness"
"I am not able to judge the effective of this medication because it causes me to develop a urinary tract infection. I have tried it 3 times and developed the problem after each one."
"This medication paired with a small dose of Celexa literally saved my life. I have panic disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder and GAD as well as BPD. I was addicted to Klonopin and it wasn&#039;t even working anymore, making me like a zombie. I started this medicine and within 2 weeks I could feel a change. Then by the next month I went from being a suicidally depressed insomniac with uncontrollable and obsessive thoughts to a normal person. For the first time in my entire life I feel normal, at peace. This is a God send. I seriously don&#039;t know what would have happened to me had I not found this medication. It doesn&#039;t cure BPD, but my moods are the most controlled they&#039;ve ever been. There is a light at the end of the dark tunnel."
"I experienced severe abdominal cramps and pain as well as diarrhea.  I also experienced weakness and fatigue. I could not tolerate the drug, so I do not know if it had any effect on my cholesterol."
"I&#039;ve been on Quasense for 7 weeks and 5 days and as of today I have been bleeding for 7 WEEKS STRAIGHT! I started my &quot;period&quot; 3 days after taking my first pill and I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since. The first 3-4 weeks were constant heavy bleeding and then it begin to taper off(actually giving me hope). Weeks 4-6 were pretty light, brown blood here and there(but still consistent daily) throughout the day and I was even more hopeful. Week 6 the bleeding began to become heavy again.....Now here it is week 7 and I&#039;m bleeding like I would be on my normal period! I&#039;m OVER IT! This is STUPID!"
"I was really nervous about getting Implanon inserted after reading all the negative reviews. I did however get it implanted about 5 weeks ago. The day I got it inserted and the day after I was very nauseous and dizzy. I also lost my appetite for about a week. After that everything went back to normal until my arm started itching so bad that I was itching it raw. I had to wrap my arm to keep myself from itching it in my sleep. That was the most annoying thing in the world, but it subsided after a few days. It has now been 4 weeks since I got it inserted and I have no other symptoms. I have had no break through bleeding and no sign of my period either. So far I am very happy that I got Implanon inserted, because the good out ways the bad by far."
"I have numerous health problems, and I normally can&#039;t say many good things about medications. But, Dulera has seriously changed my life. It has worked better than any other medication, or combination of medications I have taken. I was and still am completely shocked on how well it has worked for me. I am no longer short of breath, tight in the chest, and can actually laugh without getting light headed or short of breath."
"I had Implanon inserted in April, and I was breastfeeding at the time, so was having no periods.  However, after I stopped breastfeeding in August, my period started and hasn&#039;t stopped since.  It&#039;s November now, and I am giving it a few more weeks to see if this lets up, but if it doesn&#039;t, I&quot;m getting it out.  I&#039;ve also had cramping and bloating with it, which I hadn&#039;t experienced in almost 20 years until now."
"It was super helpful with making my skin smooth and Getting rid of acne scars! I do have a little bit of a breakout but nothing compared to before I used Epiduo!"
"Amazing. I am experiencing only mild peeling and the benefits are phenomenal. Skin is virtually poreless and very smooth. Pores are clean. Speeding up healing of acne marks. Love it."
"This has worked great on my MRSA but the side effects have been HORRIBLE.  I have felt like I&#039;ve had the flu but worse, fever, nauseous, but the worst has been the itching! I&#039;m not breaking out in hives but it&#039;s a deep internal itch that I can&#039;t stop!  Benadryl helps but makes me sleepy!  I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s an allergic reaction but in all the reviews I have read, no one mentions this."
"Have been taking this off and on for about 3 months. While it definitely causes bowel movements, the side effects are difficult to manage for a busy, working mom. The gas it creates is horrible (for me and those around me) and the spontaneous bouts of diarrhea make me nervous to take it in the morning. I&#039;m taking one pill every night and one in the morning on weekends. I have had great success with Miralax in my morning coffee but when I have to sit a lot for work or travel, it&#039;s just not enough, so I tried Linzess."
"I&#039;ve been using this for about 7-8 months now. Can actually wear my contacts again for the entire day and rarely use any OTC drops like systane. Has really changed my life. I did notice the stinging over time gradually increased but my friend that&#039;s eye surgeon suggested to put them in fridge. I leave the box in fridge now and apply cold and it takes all the sting away. Actually feels very soothing."
"Although the pain relief was good the side effects were horrible. Rashes from adhesive. Disorientation, brain fog, hyper-anxiety. Ended up in ER after using for 8 days."
"It has helped me more than anything I have ever tried. I was able to get off pain medicine. I have tried everything , it is wonderful."
"Valtrex is truly the only cold sore medication that will act fast and diminish your pain and blisters within days You will start feeling relief in hours. No other cold sore medication can compete. The only downside is  you have to get a prescription for it. Depending on your insurance it could be fair to pricey. If you are like me and suffer from HSV 1 &amp; 2  ask your doctor for 30-60 tablets. Most doctors will only prescribe the recommended dosage for treatment. (5 tablets) with 1 refill. It&#039;s such a pain having to go back to doctors when you have a simple outbreak. This will ensure a good supply for whenever you might need it. Always works FASTEST when taken at first sign of sore."
"Have infection in back Moller tooth. Was prescribe Tylenol #3. Contrary to most experiences&#039; the meds did wonders!!! Don&#039;t know if I could have lasted in that pain. I&#039;ve done grugs before for recreation so I know I have a tolerance, but meds still worked."
"Medication worked well...however I could not open the bottle. I had to use plyers and a screwdriver to open the lid. I would recommend an easier to open bottle."
"3 weeks into taking Brisdelle I stopped. After a week I was experiencing horrific muscle pain in my legs which kept me awake for three nights until I was prescribed a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. The anti-inflammatory calmed the muscle pain down but then I started experiencing horrific head pain and headaches; I&#039;ve never had a headache in my life! I am off this drug for two days now and can&#039;t wait to feel like myself again. I&#039;m still experiencing insomnia, headache, head pain, vertigo."
"This was great with acne.....but had spotting every month for 8 months. Finally trying something else. I&#039;m in my 40&#039;s and needed something for my acne."
"In 2 days I feel 80% better! I did have some cramping and diarrhea, it has almost stopped. On 3rd day now-pretty strong medicine."
"After reading numerous reviews and experiences of Skyla, I wanted to share my own. I was given misoprostol (1/2 tablet) to take at bedtime the night before and the morning of. I was also advised to take ibuprofen prior to the procedure. The process was quick - I was in and out of the exam room in 10 minutes. The actual procedure took less than 2 minutes. I did not experience the pain that other women have mentioned in their reviews. I felt discomfort and pressure, but I would not say it was painful. I believe everyone has a different perception of pain and different pain tolerances, so everyone&#039;s&#039; review is going to be different. I did have heavier cramping afterwards for about a day, but overall I am happy with the IUD."
"I was taking this for about 6 years. From 13-18. I had a few spotty teen years where I would barely take the meds and I ended up in the hospital many times. I had a very weird and high sex drive and right when I got off it went away.  I had intense night terrors  and would start yelling in my  sleep, I would sweat so much it looked like I wet myself. The nightmares got so vivid and intense I was confusing reality with my dreams, I would constantly have to ask people if something had happened or not. I lost weight when I was taking this regularly. I&#039;ve been off for almost two years, and all that being said I think I may start it up again. It was one of the only depression meds that kept my emotions but kept the bad ones away for the most part"
"No infection after tube removal from our 11 year old daughter&#039;s left ear. Her left eye would hurt every time we put drops in her left ear. The right ear did not have a tube remaining. So it wasn&#039;t involved at all."
"I started w/ Victoza but I switched to Trulicity in Feb &amp; WOW it has worked wonders, no side effects. I&#039;ve lost 25 pounds including exercise &amp; no snacking on junk food, no fried food or red meat.  This med really curbs your appetite. Works great for me! I pray it works for whomever is reading this good luck..."
"Anxiety has always been a big part of my life. A younger me was able to treat it with my brain but now that I am 45 I was not able to control my fears of what bad thing will happen next. Being the father of 2 kids including a handicapped little boy plus my wife that doesn&#039;t work, she needs to take care of my little boy. My fears of losing my job, car breaking down, my son&#039;s medical condition and a bad set of eyes were some of my major worries, all things that were unrealistic and mostly out of my control. Living in fear creates more problems then solutions. I started taking Paxil about two months ago and I will tell you that it helps. I feel normal no more fear and able to deal with life&#039;s problems."
"I have been on Effexor for the past 10 years - I started having panic attacks as a child although I didn&#039;t know at the time what was going on - when I was 17 the doctor prescribed Valium that I took periodically when my anxiety got really bad - finally when I was 40 the doctor suggested I go on a very low dosage of Effexor (37.5mg) because he was sure I had generalized anxiety disorder - what a difference this has made in my life - felt&quot;weird&quot; the first few weeks but now I have very little anxiety and really no side effects except maybe lower libido. I had no idea how much anxiety I had been living with all my life."
"I have literally been on almost everything including a VNS stimulator. I had 3 near fatal suicide attempts that put me on life support. I was even involuntarily committed to the state hospital. I have PTSD, MDD, Intermittent Explosive Disorder, and brain injury. Parnate is the only drug that has EVER helped. All of my friends and family say there is a profound difference from just this one medication than any absurd cocktail. It even helps with my lethargy, memory impairment, and concentration. I had no problems but the reluctance of my doctor who panicked and took me off of it despite my obvious improvement. Now I got it back! It is AMAZING  and tragically under-utilized. Insist on it before agreeing to VNS or ECT."
"This is the first birth control I&#039;ve been on. I&#039;ve not had too many issues with it except the first six months or so. After every period for about 4 to 7 days I always felt nauseous and had headaches. My periods have been on time since I started using it and I can almost pin point the exact time it&#039;ll start. I&#039;ve gained about 10 pounds. Acne isn&#039;t much of an issue anymore. Overall pretty satisfied."
"I broke out in itchy red welts that the doctor first thought was insect bites. It continued even after I stayed indoors. I also have alopecia ariata which is auto immune. I took xyzal and after just 2 days, the itching and welts lessened and by day 5 I did not form any more welts."
"I injured my left index finger. I was blowing out the lines on a paint gun using paint thinner and I ran my finger across the tip of the gun and the thinner was injected into my finger. it was the worst pain I have ever had in my life. Dilaudid did the trick in about 20 seconds"
"This is the worst birth control pill i&#039;ve ever taken. It gave me the worst acne ever. I was super moody. Mood swings, depression, frustration, headaches, and everything. Maybe the only good thing about it was that it made my cramping go away and my periods were very light and short. Other than that I hate it! It was the worst experience ever. I tried to give it some time so my body could get used to it but after 7 months there was no changes so I decided to switch to another brand. Now I am taking orhto tri-cyclen lo and I love it. My acne went away right away and my face is so clear. I have no more mood swings and I just love it. I recommend this brand to everyone."
"It&#039;s been one week and I feel EXTREMELY tired and depressed. I really want this to work so I&#039;ll give it a little more time. It&#039;s easy to put in and I don&#039;t feel it at all. But I&#039;m sleeping like 12 hours a day, and feel like I&#039;m swimming through mud. Also, I&#039;ve been having random cramps, or sharp pains in my abdomen. "
"While duavee took away my hot flashes after one month-I continued on it for one year and I started having PAINS in my upper right side. Behind my right ribs, just by the Breast area.  It continued for a few weeks before I called my doctor and she took me off the duavee 
I am now on bio identical estrogen gel and progesterone.  
I have been off of duavee exactly one month today. My pain is GONE. And a bonus is my blood sugars have dropped over 20 pts  i have not changed anything other than going off of the duavee 
my new meds are working great after 3weeks !!  No more hot flashes.  (I did get them for 3-4 weeks until the new meds took effect."
"I got the implant in October 2009 shortly after my second son. Recently I ended up in the hospital with a ruptured ovarian cyst. My OB says that the cysts could have been caused by the Implanon and that it needed to be taken out immediately so that my body would regulate itself again. I loved the Implanon and until recently I never had bad periods, weight gain or any of the other side effects, but be aware of all the possible risks."
"I recommend Epiduo for people with oily skin. For the most part, Epiduo is a very HARSH treatment that dries out and irritates the skin. It didn&#039;t really help my acne but it might&#039;ve if I had oily skin."
"I have been dealing with adult acne for years.  The product does work but I had to give it a little time.   It&#039;s been close to a month and my skin is almost clear.  I did have a few breakouts last week but were gone 2 days later.  I also experienced some dryness and peeling after washing my face with Proactiv and applying onexton right after.  The other thing I noticed was unbearable  stomach and leg cramps the first day of my period.  I usually get cramps but 1 Tylenol normally does the trick; not this time.  My cheeks are a little rosier than normal and my chin, which is where I apply most of the medicine, is turning a bit yellow (weird).  I think it&#039;s worth a shot but get in tune with your body in case there are any side effects"
"First one I took my heart was racing I thought I just had to get use to medication.second one the same the third one I had a severe allergic reaction ended up in the hospital thought I was going to die.I would not recommend anyone ever take this terrible medication."
"I have used the kid version with success for my children. It does work well to stop a dry cough. It lasts 8 hours, rather than 12. 
Unfortunately, the last time I used it for my child, she ended up dry heaving for hours and had a bout of explosive diarrhea. It stopped once the medicine wore off (about 8 hours after her dose)."
"I&#039;ve only been on Belviq for a few days, but I&#039;m already seeing it work! My appetite is curved and I&#039;m rarely hungry. I&#039;ve always struggled with never having that &quot;full&quot; feeling and always wanting to eat and eat, but with Belviq, I don&#039;t seem to struggle with it anymore. 
I&#039;ve seen some people who don&#039;t seem to respond to the medicine, which is unfortunate. However, some advice I have. If you take this medicine with an optimistic attitude, and you&#039;re conscience about what you&#039;re doing (eating habits), then I think most of the time, you&#039;ll be successful. It&#039;s not a miracle drug that just melts the weight off. You have to put forth the effort to listen to your mind more and not just your want to eat. 
Good luck!!"
"Only one week in and this is the first time in over 20 year&#039;s that I haven&#039;t had a drink, surprisingly feeling positive but now aware of why I was drinking. Time to put rest of my life in order and this is the first time it&#039;s felt possible. If your sat reading thinking could it work then I would definitely give it a try, I feel like I&#039;m getting my life back.
Just hoping this is long term."
"I have had migraines since the age of 6, I have tried everything. I unfortunately need pain medication about 10% of the time. I sure wish I would have had these injections years ago. They works most of the time. I have very severe pain and nausea and it does help."
"I&#039;ve been on Savella since 2010 (5 years).  I had tried Cymbalta and Lyrica prior to Savella--both of those made me gain so much weight I became depressed.  Savella was amazing after the two weeks of hellish side effects to get on it.  I had brain zaps, manic phases, irritability, sweating, and sleeplessness--then no symptoms for 4 years.  In the last year, I&#039;ve developed tachycardia--which I blame on Savella.  Interestingly, I&#039;ve also developed idiopathic anaphylactic allergies in the last year. All in all, I think Savella did it&#039;s job and pulled me out of the cycle of pain.  It practically cured my vulvadynia. But I would have had another child if the pregnancy side effects were known."
"I took Propranolol for over a year,  for Anxiety. Worked brilliantly!

I&#039;ve seen a lot of bad reviews here,  saying it doesn&#039;t work and it annoys me because people clearly don&#039;t understand exactly what the Propranolol does and how it works... 

Propranolol does NOT take away Anxiety as in the psychological side to it, like feeling nervous. It is a medication that slows down the heart. So if you get fast heart/palpitations due to Anxiety, that is what it is used. It&#039;s not a benzo that will affect your mood, it just slows your heart down."
"I took prednisonefor bullous pemphigoid four years ago. It took over six months to get diagnosed so it was bad by the time I started prednisone. At first the doctor tried CellCept, but that did not work. Prednisone immediately took care of the itching and a week or so for rash. It took a few months to be able to wean myself off it (I started at 60mg and was dropping successfully until I hit 20mg; after that, whenever I dropped, I would flare up, so I stayed at that level for something like two months). Now I only take it when I have serious flares, for only 3-4 days. As for side effects, I had insomnia, but not too bad; I did not gain weight, but my stomach did increase in size. I am perfectly willing to put up with that for the relief."
"Almost six weeks in...not one pound. The tiredness at first had me ready for bed about 3pm. I was exhausted. Mouth a bit dry, mild headaches, but they only lasted about a week.
Very disappointed that working out seven days a week, being careful with portion size etc. showed no encouraging results."
"The most valuable antiemetic I&#039;ve ever encountered.  It is fast-acting, highly effective at reducing nausea and vomiting, and carries no side effects.  What more could you ask for?"
"Had my third surgery, started using Norco for my pain, works for 2 to 3 hours. Been on it for a month going to ask doctor for stronger medication in two weeks if pain dose not decrease."
"I was given Provigil for my narcolepsy, with dosage of 200mg/3 times daily.  For the first 3 days it was amazing I had forgotten what it felt like to be &#039;awake&#039;. Unfortunately, after just 3 days it was not effective at all.  My neurologist nodded knowingly when I told him.  He said that&#039;s how long it takes to metabolize.  Apparently that&#039;s when you can tell if it will work for you or not.  I&#039;m now on Aderall, 20 mg/3 daily and it is working much better for me."
"I have been taking Pristiq for 3 days now. I take it to help with anxiety. I have lost 7 pounds in 3 days and I feel great. I&#039;m calmer now and I have more patience with my two year old son. I had a slight problem with nausea and I had no appetite, but apart from that I can feel a huge difference in only 3 days."
"This medication has really helped my seizures plus my migraines. It is really convenient because I have both problems and I don&#039;t have to take two medications for both problems. Topamax is great."
"I have been on this medication for 3 weeks now feel better lots of energy and not hungry."
"It took them 13 years of making me a lab rat for medications, but I finally got to the right dosage of Celexa and my life did a complete 180. I&#039;ve finally come out of a 43 year fog!"
"Was prescribed this by my OB for a mild case of bv. Took one pill on a full stomach. It tasted awful and I immediately threw up everything I had eaten. Then I read the paperwork from the pharmacy and it said to ask your Dr if you&#039;re less than 12 weeks pregnant... I just hit 8 weeks today. Should I trust the Dr or just say no to flagyl?"
"This medication worked wonderful for me. Totally changed my negative and depressed attitude about life. The only down side is some weight gain and very low Libido! My Doctor is actually switching me to Viibryd because of these side effects. Very scared to change medications when this one worked so well for me!"
"After taking this for 3 months, I decided to stop taking it due to unusual violent behavior. It helped with my depression, but was not worth the violent behavior I was exhibiting. I will be going back on Cymbalta."
"I have used this medicine for inner ear problems, dizziness, that causes anxiety  for 15 years 1.5 mg per day along with 100mg of Zoloft  with very little side efects. It has helped me live with stress and anxiety that I had with my ear problem. Yes the Doctors don&#039;t know why this helps with inner ear problem, but that is O.K. it works. I know that Doctors are concerned about abuse and that sure can happen to a addictive person. I have never used more than what has been prescribed to me.  This may some day come back to hurt me, but I am 72 now and it has significantly improved my quality of life. Any questions you want ask me. At rutoft64@gmail.com"
"I had all of the horrible symptoms of menopause.  Some list include 32 - that was me.  Sweating, weight gain, hot flashes, night sweats, mood swings.....on and on.
One month on Angeliq - all gone.  I am so happy.  This has made me a new woman."
"I have CHRONIC sacroiliac joint and coccyx pain that does not show up on MRI or X-ray and I&#039;ve used this patch for a little over 1 month with NO side effects whatsoever.  I do notice that it takes about 2 to 3 days to feel the &quot;full effect&quot; of the medication and I do notice the increase in pain if I skip a day.  Maximum pain for me WITH the patch is about a 2 and that&#039;s great."
"Took the 2 gram powder 2 hours after a meal and a little over an hour, I felt like I was going to die. I violently vomited, but the doctor told me that most of the medicine was already in my system and not to worry. He told me that feeling this terrible is actually quite common with this antibiotic, especially with this high dose. I actually had to return to the hospital where I got it because I wasn&#039;t sure what was going to happen to me. I&#039;m on day 4 and these are the symptoms I am feeling: Constant upset GI tract, stomach along with acid reflux, feeling hot, mainly in the face, feeling a little more tired than usual. I&#039;m not experiencing diarrhea, but each time I pass stool, it feels like it is going to be diarrhea."
"I do notice a difference! Headaches were a problem at first but then they went away after about two weeks.  You recover quicker from a attack.  My left middle finger is completely normal but my right middle finger still a little purple but better for sure!  Going to take for the winter months!"
"I&#039;ve been on Depakote for almost a year now. I also take Paxil and Wellbutrin. I gained around 10lbs right from the start. My weight has seemed to have stayed steady the last few months. It&#039;s extremely hard to lose it. I have been through a lot of different medications to try and treat bipolar disorder. Even with the medicines I&#039;m on, I&#039;m still depressed and like I don&#039;t matter. I&#039;m very sleepy and can lay down and take a nap at any time. I started taking B Complex because I stay so sleepy. My new concern is memory. I can&#039;t think of words and dates or names like movie stars very fast and it concerns me. "
"It is proved itself it is an excellent drug of choice MDR Gr -ve bacteria, including Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter."
"I&#039;ve been on this for three months now and the noticed that I&#039;ve gained about 10 pounds but some of it went to my chest (which I&#039;m not complaining about considering I&#039;m an A cup). I didn&#039;t have any spotting like I&#039;ve had with previous pills. My periods are shorter and a lot less painful. Overall I love this pill despite the little water weight gain."
"Had unprotected intercouse on day 16 of my 28 day cycle. Took ella 2 days later. Experienced mild stomachache for about an hour after, a bit of dizziness but not much else. Period came 1 day late, with no other symptoms. Highly recommend it, had way less secondary effects than with levonelle which made my period 4 days+ late and gave me horrible cramps. Good luck and don&#039;t stress too much!"
"I have been an IV opiate user for many years. I had an insanely large habit ($750-$1000day). After attending rehab, I was put on the Vivitrol injection. I had been clean for 20 days by the time I go the injection. I did still have cravings, as I was so early into recovery and had been using for so long. However, after about a week of being on the shot, I relapsed on 3.5g of heroin, and felt nothing. It can&#039;t be overrode. I spent the next year shooting. And finally started to take the pill form. The pill form will block any opiate for 3-5 days (in my experience). I am now 9 months clean, and very rarely have cravings."
"I get yeast infections pretty frequently because I have a compromised immune system. I have used this product several times, and this is the second time I have had a bad reaction to it. About an hour and a half after insertion I started experiencing deep itching/stabbing feelings... Basically REALLY intense itching and a small amount of burning. To the point I wanted my fianc&eacute; to knock me out until it was over. I don&#039;t know what my other options are, but I don&#039;t think I&#039;m going to use this product anymore. It&#039;s been 4 hours now (about) and I&#039;m able to at least think and move, but it is still itching/burning. Really miserable. Will be telling my ob about this on Friday. I think I&#039;m pregnant. I hope this doesn&#039;t mess with anything."
"Differin XP has been a miracle product for me. As a girl who&#039;s had moderate breakouts since the age of 13, (am now 23!) I have to say sticking to this product has been very well-worth it! For the first 2 months, yes, my skin was very dry and even flaky, and yes it did turn me off a bit - but I was warned of this side-effect and decided to just keep going with it. I was able to battle the flakiness with use of exfoliants, and even in the first few months, I felt my breakouts were happening less often and were less severe. Now, 8 months later, the flakiness is no longer an issue and find using this product has boosted my quality of life, although I still do get the occasional few tiny pimples - it does its job."
"I am 42 and I have been on 60mg Axiron for 6 weeks. Initial total T was 240 with all the symptoms of low T. Today my total is 840 and free is 248. I feel fantastic. The first couple of days were tough as my body adjusted. The only down side for me is the minor alcohol irritation after application but well worth it.    Initially starting this medication my skin was oily, libido was out of control, my facial hair seemed to grow in within minutes, I was retaining water and my scrotum shriveled up.   After a week or so everything returned to &quot;normal&quot;. No back hair or sudden muscle bulk. No gyno or roid rage. The product works great for me and I was shocked as it seems everyone likes bashing the topicals and raving about injections."
"I was on Cymbalta for years, but my insurance stopped paying for it.  I have a high stress job and it got so bad that I couldn&#039;t focus at work and when Sunday night came, I started tensing up and started having panic attacks again and would wake up in the middle of the night with them.  I started taking 20mg Citolopram for about a month and it was working great, but before 24 hours was up to take my next dose, I started having break-throughs and now on 40mg daily.  Just started with the higher dose today; we&#039;ll see how it goes. "
"Just started Brintellix 3 days ago. Been on effexor xr 225mgs for about 8 yrs &amp; it stopped working. Doctor told me I should be done with effexor in about 10 days. Ugh. I dropped immediately to 150mg &amp; starting to feel bad. I really want this to work but worried the Effexor withdrawal will get the best of me. Anyone else made this transition?"
"Ritalin one of the best medications for ADD/ADHD. It works."
"I started to feel a little bit not right down there so I knew it was a yeast infection. My first time using the first day treatment and I must say ITS NOT BAD AT ALL. I had a little mild buring for 10 min maybe less and I felt  relief, no itching still a little sore, but I can feel it working so I would recommend it, not so bad as the reviews I read"
"Yes it works. Abstinence is better if you&#039;re not ready. Same story as everyone, had to take it 5 hours after unprotected sex. Two week wait was brutal. "
"Don&#039;t be afraid of this drug it&#039;s AMAZING!! I frequently get violent migraines and prefer NON-opioid treatment since I usually drive myself to the Urgent Care or in some cases the ER and don&#039;t have help with transportation. I also noticed that I get rebound headaches from opioid based pain meds as with Toradol I do not experience that. Toradol has worked quite well intravenously as well as injected. When I visit the ER they give a cocktail of terodol/methadone/steroid. It&#039;s a great combo that covers pain, nausea and inflammation. I personally have a weak/sensitive stomach and do not experience any upset stomach or nausea from it. (however the methadone is given for nausea since I usually am dry heaving from the migraine pain)"
"I started Effexor at my lowest dose, 37.5mg and then was bumped up to 75XR and now 75XR twice a day. I can honestly say it&#039;s been life changing. Not only did my anxiety go away, but I sleep better and I can function. I used to wake up at 11-12:30pm in the morning/afternoon now I can wake up at 7am without a problem. I am really happy with this medication. Before I was hazardous, suffering from anxiety after a terrible accident. I couldn&#039;t even drive now I can. And also, it helped tremendously along with Adderall for my GPA. Went from a 2.4 to a 3.6 GPA and deans list! My life changed."
"Just diagnosed with Squamous Cell Carcinoma (cancer) of my lower lip. Waiting to undergo beam radiation therapy. Covers almost half my lip. Using Lidocaine Viscous prescribed by my Dr. to numb the intense pain he warned me I would have. He was So right. Allows me to sleep."
"I took it for a month to come off my valium it was great  no longer on any benzos Its great"
"I&#039;ve only been on it a few days. Started slow which was perfect. I had crippling pain for years but only a few days on it and I&#039;ve noticed small amounts of relief from pain and a wonderful burst in energy and feeling of happiness. My husband says in getting back to my old self which feels amazing. It&#039;s only been a few days but I haven&#039;t had any negative side effects. I expect to continue feeling better each day. 
I had severe insomnia for 8 months. Even after crazy amounts of sleep aids it could still take me 4 hrs to fall asleep. The last 2 nights I was able to sleep with no sleep aids. First time in months! It&#039;s only the first week on the medicine but I&#039;ve had a great experience so far. I have high hopes that it will continue"
"I have been on Saxenda for a week, and no side effects at all. Feeling great and do not feel hungry at all. Will update in 3 weeks"
"I tried others but they did not work as well as PENNSAID, I recommend Pennsaid, it works great on me."
"I took this medication for 2 years and found little trouble with it. Occasionally I would have longer periods, but more often than not I wouldn&#039;t have one at all. On average, I&#039;d say I had a period every 2 months and every 4th period lasted for a week. I took this as an alternative to most birth controls, which were giving me migraines. This one only gave me a slight headache around the last couple days of the inactive pills and the first couple of days starting a new month, but nothing too terrible."
"I am a 47 year old male, and have been using Paroxetine for 3 months, having been prescribed it for severe clinical depression. It is the first time in my life that I have suffered from Mental Illness. In the 6 months prior to properly seeking help I had spiralled to the point where I could not sleep, had anxiety levels through the roof, did not want to speak to anybody, hated everything about life, and fantasized daily of suicide. I started 20mg Paroxetine daily while spending 5 weeks in a Recovery clinic in Jan/Feb. This medication has literally given me a second chance at life. It did take a couple of weeks to kick in, but now my mood is buoyant, and my anxiety is non-existent. Still not sure how it has done it. For me, a miracle pill!"
"I love Adderall XR. It helps me get through the day and make the best of everyday."
"After being hooked on it from cancer and heart surgery, I find myself unable to come off the  drug and be able to sleep. I am now stuck on 200mg a day"
"I had the Implanon fitted in May this year. From having it fitted I think I bled for nearly 9 weeks. I have put on a stone in weight and have suffered really bad mood swings feeling sometimes like I&#039;m going mad. I felt tired all the time with no energy. I was really snappy with my children and my other half all the time.
I am normally a really laid back sort of person but this changed me into a nutter."
"I&#039;m only on my first pack but so far I have no negative side effects. This week (week 2) I feel great. I have been on Ortho Tricyclen Low and it gave me horrible mood swings, which this medicine has not. I love it!"
"I experienced severe stomach pain for 12 months on this medication. The pain was intense, every single day, to the point where I thought I was going to lose my mind. I had an endoscopy that my insurance did NOT cover at $1000 dollars and the results were inconclusive. They kept telling me I had acid refulx. Their pills didnt help at, and I had anxiety related side effects. I finally did some research on this drug and it says that rarely the properties of Aviane can cause an involuntary muscle in the stomach called the LES to relax when it is supposed to be contracting and moving, and this can cause severe stomach pain and acid back up in the throat. I finally switched over to a new brand, and I feel so much better. Not recommended."
"I&#039;ve had an up and down experience with Jolivette. The first week was a bit rough with some dizziness, increase in appetite, and slightly more emotional. However, those initial symptoms disappeared within the first month. What&#039;s been driving me crazy is my period. It came a week after I began the pill (I also was incredibly emotional the day my period came). Then I had two weeks off before it came again. And again. And again. Three months on Jolivette and my periods are becoming longer (7+ days from 4 days) and with only 4 or 5 days in between. And recently my hair has started growing in straight after being solidly curly. I recently went off it and still got my period right on schedule as if I was still on it!"
"It works"
"I used this medication to avoid any allergic reaction to the dye used on the CT scan. I didn&#039;t have any reaction and the most impressive thing was, it clears up my sense of smell. I haven&#039;t had smell for years. Since I took this medication I can smell yay!"
"This is the second time I&#039;ve been prescribed this medication. I don&#039;t recall any side effects (other than the freaky urine colour!). But this time, I feel like I&#039;m about to vomit...  and it&#039;s only been about 4.5 hours since I started this medicine."
"I started Adipex in August 2008. I recently had my follow up visit and lost 11 lbs so far with little exercise. Yes, it does give me extreme energy and suppress my appetite. When I first started taking Adipex, I had severe dry mouth and couldn&#039;t sleep (didnt feel sleepy). Now I make myself go to sleep and don&#039;t have dry mouth. It&#039;s been a month since I been on this medication. I have noticed I&#039;m losing inches from my &quot;love handles&quot;."
"I started on quetiapine nearly 5 months ago after switching from chlorpromazine for the mood stabilizing properties. I&#039;m on 600mg of the XR version nightly. It took a nearly 2 months for me to notice an effect but once it did take effect there was a great difference. I went from being incredibly low with repeated drinking, self harm &amp; hospital admissions to a deep stability I haven&#039;t experienced in years. I&#039;ve not self harmed now for 3 months &amp; also quit drinking alcohol. My mood is on very much an even keel with no extreme highs &amp; lows. I&#039;m just happy at a normal level &amp; enjoying life &amp; am dealing with things so much better. Only negative is slight weight gain but it&#039;s a price I&#039;m willing to pay for this stability."
"Type 1a,   Probably contracted 25 years ago.      My liver panel was normal,  0-1 fibrosis with doc saying it was extremely mild at worse,  viral count at 500,000 at the beginning of Harvoni .

Viral count after two weeks was &lt; 20.   After four weeks,  &lt; twenty.
I&#039;ve had some fatigue and a couple of mild headaches,   More in the first week or two.    I certainly feel a bit more energized,  most of the time.    

Hope this clears,  I have 16 days to go on an eight week treatment."
"I went to the ER with aneurysm symptoms and was administered Stadol Via IV. The nurse explained that it would make me sleepy and help with the pain in my head. Immediately I felt a little sleepy followed by nauseous and very  warm all over. Within a few minutes I started to feel VERY uncomfortable in my own skin. I felt as if I had a horrible hangover or something. As I fell asleep I began having horrible nightmares. This experience was the first time I&#039;ve been given the drug to my knowledge. Overall it made me feel kind of panicked and frightened. I hopefully will never be given this medication again."
"Started taking 3 years ago. It is important to understand more people will review for negative experiences... When I realized all the negative reviews on this birth control, I thought it was time to hear from a lutera &quot;expert&quot; (of course everyone&#039;s body is different)
PROS: LIGHTER periods (went from 5-7 days of super tampons to 2-3 days of regular/light tampons!), CONSISTENT periods, LESS cramps, BIGGER boobs (lol I went up from an A to a B so I personally like this), NO pregnancy!
CONS: HEADACHES (before/during/after period), MOOD SWINGS/DEPRESSION (idk if I&#039;m crazy but I cry a lot and cause fights), BROWN periods, ACNE (never broke out before), WEIGHT GAIN (20lbs in 3 yrs)"
"In March my 2 year-old gets eczema terribly either in the diaper region or all over his body but this time he got it on his face and we&#039;ve tried everything and I&#039;m pregnant right now so I can&#039;t use the steroid cream that we usually use and you shouldn&#039;t use a steroid cream on your face. Doctor gave me this prescription since its steroid free. it&#039;s lightened up and it&#039;s not as red and he&#039;s not itching. His face does look a little scary but I think it&#039;s just his face is healing so I think it&#039;s working it&#039;s just I want instant results. My doctor also gave me a savings card from the pharmaceutical company and now my copay is $35 so ask your if they have the card. Because before that it was going to cost me $300."
"I have had constipation all my life I am now 31. When I had my children my constipation turned chronic. I tried all the normal things in the chemist. Agarol. Metamucil. Senna. Nulax. Movicol.....the list goes on.
I had a colonoscopy which confirmed nothing .
This was frustrating as I&#039;m glad it was all clear but the nothing diagnosis didn&#039;t help me fix anything. The doctor said I have  lazy bowel as I never got the urge to go to use my bowels . 
After the children I tried dulcolax which I wanted to try earlier but couldn&#039;t because pregnant. 
My first time was horrendous haha the cramps oh my goodness but then the relief oh my was I cleaned out  felt amazing.  
Unfortunately I take 2 every night before bed and have done every day for the last 6 years ."
"I agree this drug works very well BUT make sure you continue to read the possible side effects every so often so you can continually monitor yourself for them, EVEN the rare but documented ones.  My 16 year old daugther developed pseudotumor cerebri from taking minocycline for acne which disappeared after stopping the medication and then she started accutane - 5 months now. An eye exam today showed the same thing is happening.  Swelling of the brain that mimics a brain tumor.  HAVE YOUR EYE EXAMS WHILE ON THIS MEDICINE - PAY ATTENTION TO HEADACHES. It is a rare but documented side affect of both medications.  Will show up in an eye exam but diagnosis takes other tests including MRI and lumbar puncture to measure the spinal fluid pressure."
"I first took Yaz when I was 17. It was my first time taking birth control so I didn&#039;t know what to expect, but it was HORRIBLE. Everyday I took Yaz I fell sick with nausea and couldn&#039;t do much of anything without the fear of throwing up. Finally, when my symptoms obviously were not going away, mom called my doctor and told them that I needed something else. They then prescribed me Loryna. I never had any problems with it, and I&#039;ve been taking it for three years.
Unfortunately, due to a change in my insurance, I had to stop taking Loryna because it wouldn&#039;t be covered anymore. So today, I found a package on my doorstep, and inside was Yaz. I&#039;m too terrified to start taking it again, so I need to talk to my doctor as soon as I get the chance."
"I have tried just about every medicine for bipolar I that is known to man, and none have been effective for me. Was keeping my fingers crossed that Vraylar would be the one that would offer some relief but it proved to be yet another dud. I took this medicine at 2:00 p.m. and at 4:00 p.m. I could barely keep my eyes open anymore. I then proceeded to sleep for 24 hours, waking up only once or twice for about 5 minutes to go to the bathroom! When I finally did wake-up the next afternoon I was extremely sedated and I had the typical zombified feeling that comes along with taking an anti-psychotic. Not to mention, I was on the lowest dose of 1.5 mg. I would hate to see what 3 or 6 mg would have done to me."
"Stopped My Seiures So Far &amp; I Have Never Felt Better"
"I&#039;m almost 24 and have had Mirena for over 1 year now. I am SO glad I was not scared away by all the negative reviews. Sure, insertion hurt just a tiny bit, but it was about 5 seconds of a strong pinching feeling (due to an unusually sharp curve in my uterus) then a few hours of cramp pain, exactly the same as period cramps. If you can handle a monthly period you can EASILY handle Mirena&#039;s insertion!

Since I&#039;ve been using Mirena, my formerly wildly irregular periods have eventually diminished to a day or 2 of extremely light spotting (1 pantyliner is more than enough) every 2 - 3 months. I have not experienced weight gain, acne, or diminished libido, &amp; my sex life is as good as ever! "
"I took gianvi, the generic of Yaz for two months. I had some breakthrough bleeding and cramps near my original start date, and still bad cramps during the sugar pills.

My acne cleared up big time. But I started getting melasma (dark spots) on my cheeks, especially near my eyes. 

No weight gain.

Huge, huge decrease in libido.

Currently trying to find something else."
"I&#039;ve had back pain for 10 yrs from being an automobile mechanic. I had a fusion L3 TOS1. I&#039;m also an addict. I&#039;ve been on and abused every pain med there is so my tolerance is very high. I&#039;ve found with butrans it keeps my pain away but no buzz so I don&#039;t abuse it.  It&#039;s not as effective as fentenyl but its decent."
"I have to take Levitra with dinner and it will work at 11:00 and through the night. Any earlier than 4-5 hours wait and I get a strong erection, but it fizzles out during sex. Still have moments of failure, but these can almost always be attributed to some external event or other. I am very happy with it, unless I forget to add it several hours before sex, then I can just forget the $25 for sex."
"My 4 year old was put on this medicine 4 months ago and it really seems to be working for him and his Asthma, but after reading other reviews realise that I need to keep an eye on his behaviour which does worry me as he is the most lovely 4 year old ever.  Time will tell I guess."
"I have been on Invega for over two years now and am doing great.  I live on my own and am able to do what everyone else does.  I don&#039;t work, I&#039;m not ready for that, but caring for myself and two dogs is going great."
"After thinking that antidepressants were just a huge money maker for the pharmaceutical industry. I was prescribed 2mg of Abilify in combination with Wellbutrin (300mg), and 10mg of Prozac, I feel like a new man. I just hope that the effects don&#039;t wear off over time."
"Caused me to feel tired with no affect at all."
"I had liletta inserted May 2016, I&#039;m 43 years old. Insertion was not too bad, a bit painful when they put the clamps on your uterus to hold it open and I guess my opening is a bit small since I have never given birth naturally (c section) so the doc had to jiggle it to get it in.  Anyway here we are 12 months later and I have bled almost every day since. I&#039;ve put on 10lb  and I am eating and exercising as I have done for a long period of time. I am reluctant to remove it because the thought of getting it out is not appealing and my insurance didn&#039;t cover it so I paid around $900 to get it put in and don&#039;t want to waste that money."
"On the 3rd day of taking this medication it caused SEVERE indigestion which I had never experienced, I ended up in the ER because it also had upset my gallbladder, almost causing emergency surgery.  I eat a vegan diet and never had gallbladder trouble, this was the most severe symptom I experienced. I also would get constant, extreme, nausea at the same time every day. I also was unable to stay awake at work, or even driving to work no matter how long I would sleep. I completely lost my sex drive. And lastly, I did experience pretty heavy spotting a few days in; even though, I waited until the Sunday after my cycle to start. This medication was clearly not for me, and stopped taking on day 8."
"Not obese but med change &amp; back surgery resulted in an extra 20  lbs not normal for me. Doc required tracking of diet &amp; exercise before RX was given and would only write for brand name as generic ramped up potential side effects. Continued regular monitoring &amp; input on necessary long-term diet changes. I lost 30 lbs &amp; have been off for a week. I eat foods I love &amp; that are healthy so no sacrifice there. The energy it provided allowed me to create an AM yoga routine each day. Side effects of dry mouth &amp; less sleep were there but minimal. Pretty tired in the beginning of coming off them but adjusting now. The goals we set together were met &amp; the purpose of a lifestyle change/improvement were accomplished. This is a solution to changing your lifestyle."
"I wanted to take the time to write a review in the hopes to give at least one person the self confidence boost they need to keep going with Retin-A.  I&#039;ve been waiting for the day I get to write my own review.  
I officially started using Retin- A .25 just under 4 months ago today.  My first day was 3 weeks before my birthday.  I remember contacting my Dermo in advance with a million questions and mostly the fear of going through THE PURGE during this busy time filled with celebrations, events, etc.  I thankfully, made the gamble and started!  I decided it was always be... I&#039;ll start next week, next month.  Let&#039;s be real, when is there ever a good time for acne?!  
I can only describe the last 4 months as a roller coaster.  There will be good days. There will be days you hide inside. At some points I thought I was done purging, then it would come back.  IT TAKES TIME.  Painful cysts too, that do not go away.  I would rather have 20 white head pimples all over than 1 deep painful cyst on my face!  It was the most challenging thing I&#039;ve gone through. It will test your patience.  To the point of tears, and why me&#039;s!  At one point I scheduled an emergency Dermo appt to receive Cortizon injections on 3 cysts that were almost the size of dimes!! I couldn&#039;t take it anymore.  This was 2.5 months. He sat me down and said it takes 3-4 months for results to be reached and you will hate your dermo for that time and gave me the push to continue to go forward.
Here&#039;s the good news!  I am at my 4 month mark, and I have never been more happy.  I haven&#039;t had a break out in 1.5 weeks.  I don&#039;t know the last time I&#039;ve been able to say that. I can take on the CALI summer and not feel like I&#039;m hiding.  My biggest advise is be strong!   Tell yourself everyday, it&#039;s only 4 months of the rest of your life.  Get past the 4-5 month mark and it will all be worth it!  The past will be a blur!  Good luck and you can do it!"
"I have severe calcific tendonitis in my right shoulder. ER prescribed this yesterday and started it last night. Just left the er once again for severe allergic reaction. Woke up with red puffy face a rash all over my body and it did not do anything. Granted, I only took it once but it is supposed to immediately help. It did make me a little drowsy. I will not be taking this medication again."
"Omg it&#039;s itches soooooo much. I&#039;ve been waiting over an hour now for the itch to stop and it&#039;s just not happening. I&#039;ll take the pill next time. Never again will I  ever use this stuff."
"Let me first start by saying that Requip did work very well to control my restless legs syndrome. (I have terrible uncontrollable leg movement/pain). However the side effects of the HIGHER dosage made me very sick. Approximately one hour before bedtime I had taken the pill. I began to feel extremely nauseous, excruciating stomach cramps, chills, and my head started spinning. I could barely make it to the bathroom where I immediately threw up. I found relief soon thereafter from the side effects. I continued having a mild stomach ache about 4 hours later. Requip should definitely be taken by the smaller dosage at first. Then move up gradually when you feel that the dosage isn&#039;t covering all your pains. I take Requip daily and have for 10 years for my RLS. Feel better!"
"Have been on Saphris, Trileptal, and Effexor for about 3 years now for Bi-Polar disorder and depression.  I take 5mg of Saphris before bed and I can only sleep about 2 hours if I miss a dose of Saphris.  Otherwise, I sleep about 9 hours of deep and restful sleep.  I do not function well.  Not sure which drug is responsible, but I have issues with focusing and memory that I never had before.  I still have thoughts of suicide almost daily, but this is the best I&#039;ve functioned on any drug and I&#039;ve been on them all except Lithium."
"After 6 years of intractable migraines my Neurologist gave me Botox shots. I now go in every 3 months for shots. It has dropped my daily pain level from an 8-9 to 5-6 which I can live with, believe me it&#039;s not perfect but much better. My head is sore for about 3 days after the shots, which feels like bee stings, and I usually lay around with ice packs on my noggin."
"I&#039;m 23 years old, I&#039;ve been on Oxazepam for about a year or so now.
I honestly can&#039;t praise this medication higher. 
I suffer from agoraphobia, and have been, ever since I can remember. It was always dismissed as being shy. But in high school, it hit me hardest. First mild anxiety.. Which grew over the years. But started getting regular panic attacks while outside, hits hard in an instant the moment there are too many people near me. 
But since taking this drug, about half an hour before I need to leave my house, I&#039;ve noticed that my crippling fear fades away, and leaves me feeling.. Well.. Not exactly happy.. But, content. Which is the closest I&#039;ve been to normal ... Well.. Ever, really. Which has brought me security against my anxieties."
"Huge breakout in the beginning. Subsided and all was good- until the anxiety and depression hit me like a truck. Could not for the life of me figure out why I was so anxious to the point of not sleeping, and crying all the time. Going back to my doctor to get something else. Yikes."
"I have been on NuvaRing for about a year and a half now. I chose this method because it wasn&#039;t something that I had to take everyday. I had a few initial concerns; 1. Although my boyfriend was aware of the birth control, I was worried he may feel it and it may affect our sex life. 2. I was skeptical because it wasn&#039;t something I took everyday, so I was worried of it&#039;s effectiveness. and 3. Side effects,  weight gain, mood swings, irregular periods etc. I really have nothing bad to say about this method. My boyfriend says he can&#039;t feel it, and I&#039;ve never had a slip out. I have had no noticeable weight gain, or mood swings and my period is on almost the same day every month and they have become very short and light lasting only 1 to 2 days."
"I have read so many comments on this birth control. I was on Seasonique (Doctor recommended for endometriosis) before LOSeasonique, because when I went to my doctors office and asked for samples (due to insurance changes) they were out of Seasonique, and only had Loseasonique. I asked the nurse if they were any different in dosage (wondering if I&#039;d have more chances at getting pregnant) and she said they were about the same. LoSeasonique is my 5th pack already... and well I can say that it&#039;s helped me a lot when it comes to preventing pregnancy. Every 3 months I have had a super light period for over a year now. I have never really broke out only with stress... I just hate that I gained weight, have normally low grade fevers and cant sleep at night."
"I have lost 30 lbs and am doing much better thanks to Byetta."
"After years of talk down therapy, I reached a breaking point. A Doc gave me Xanax and it was a miracle. I was able to go to stores and travel on airlines without Panic Attacks. I have been on Xanax since 1999, .25 Mg before bedtime. This has given me my life back. I do take more for long flights where I spend 12 to 24 hours inside the airline system. I started on .25 Mg daily and 10 years later still use the same amount. If I miss a dose more than a day, I get antsy, then clammy skin and finally unjustified panic attack on 3rd or 4th day. This is well expected and acceptable response to quitting abruptly. Doc has been up front about me using this or some other drug for the rest of my life. It is well worth it."
"I got my implant in August of 2013. I have not had any problems with it. I stopped having a period until not the next January but the one after. I bled for the entire month, but I was not upset about it because over a year without a period, I&#039;ll take bleeding for a month. Haha :) yeah, I&#039;ve had some spotting here and there but nothing that has really effected me. I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain. (And I have to say, birth control doesn&#039;t make you gain weight. It increases your appetite, so if you eat healthy you would be fine.) I absolutely love nexplanon."
"Concerta makes you focused and and concentrated. If you wanna get stuff done you can get it done in a breeze. You won&rsquo;t notice that your enjoying what your doing, what I mean by that is like u know how homework is boring and especially if you have ADHD you have impulse problems, when you take concerta it&rsquo;s like when your doing it, time passes by a lot and you won&rsquo;t notice. Like you look at the time and for example it&rsquo;s 2:30 while your doing your homework like I said the time will be 4:00 when you look back at your phone"
"Very good drug. Has worked very well for my daughter&#039;s ear infections."
"I am one and done on this medication.  I was at work and got so sick I had to leave and I felt as if I was having the world&#039;s worst hangover all day and into the night. It is totally not worth feeling so horrible. Even today as I write this, my stomach is still upset and I don&#039;t feel back to normal. All I can say is Contrave is one very powerful medication and I definitely experienced severe side effects.  I am going the old fashioned route for my weight loss and chock this up to live and learn.  There are no shortcuts in life."
"I started this contraceptive at 16 to control my acne and it did a great job. I had no problems, I did experience a lack of hunger it was kinda weird but it didn&#039;t effect my life. I just had to make myself eat. Now that I am 18 I have no side effects at all . I haven&#039;t really put it to the test in preventing pregnancy but I&#039;m not pregnant and haven&#039;t been so that&#039;s also a plus."
"I&#039;ve been on 2mg Klonopins for 5 years now and it works great for my mood swings caused from bipolar disorder and it also works great for my anxiety and paranoia. It relaxes you and works good for stress also Klonopin works really good for several different things."
"I&#039;ve had central vertigo for years, but the nausea and vomiting have increase lately. My gastroenterologist prescribed Zofran 4mg once a day. It&#039;s a miracle! I can go out and shop without vomiting in the aisles of the grocery store. I have my life back."
"I have been using Xiidra for about a month for chronic dry eye disease and chronic keratocojunctivitis. I also use a steroid twice a day. The burning sensation when I first started using this has gone. I still get a little blurry vision after using, it lasts about 10 minutes, I still get the weird taste it also lasts about 10 minutes. Overall I&#039;m pretty happy with the results I&#039;ve had so far."
"Been taking this for about 5 years and has helped lessen pain a lot, only side effects are some swelling of the legs and feet.  Only issue is my body seems to get use to it and have to increase dosage every 6 mths - year.  Started out on 75 mg and now up to 300 mg at night and 100 mg during the day.  Have tried just about every other drug with no results, this was the only drug that offered relief."
"I&#039;ve had my Paragard for over a year.  I chose Paragard because I can&#039;t use hormonal birth control.  I&#039;ve never had children or been pregnant.  The insertion was painful, but not that bad.  I&#039;d rank it as a 5/10 on the pain scale.  The cramps following insertion were awful, I&#039;d rank them as a 7/10.  Those lasted about 24 hours.  The entire first month I had almost constant cramps.  Over the counter pain killers wouldn&#039;t even TOUCH the pain.  The first period after insertion was really hard.  The cramps were so bad.  After the first period ended things were almost normal.  I still get much more painful crampy periods, but that is diminishing.  My cervix is still sensitive and can hurt during sex. Discharge during ovulation is normal. Increased sex drive."
"I&#039;ve had 2 c-sections and zero natural births, so my doctor prepared me by letting me know that the entrance to my uterus  (cervical oss) was that of a woman that has never had children, so I. Old experience more pain than usual. The insertion was a bit uncomfortable  (not really any pain) but after 3 hours and some motrin, it was completely gone. I really think it depends on the provider inserting the Liletta if you experience pain. It&#039;s interesting to me to hear some people had the worst pain in their life while others had just a few hours of cramping. To me it just shows it&#039;s not the Liletta, it&#039;s the person inserting it."
"i was prescribed this pill due to being over 40,i have been taking it around 6 months,ive had no unwanted side effects and have not had a period either,ive also lost just under 2 stone in weight which is weird as my twin sister was prescribed this pill around a year ago and has also lost alot of weight(about 3 st)"
"Very effective at stated purpose. Strong erections. I have suffered side effects of headache, back ache, and shortness of breath after drinking alcohol, which I was not  warned  to avoid."
"I&#039;ve had mine since October of 2013. At first I was super excited because it was a no fuss birth control that would cause me migraines. After I had it implanted I gained 30lbs in a matter of 3 months. Although I believe some of that was stress (I&#039;m in medical school) but I continued to work out regularly and was still gaining weight. I have not had my period since I&#039;ve had it but instead I&#039;ve had bloating, mood swings, lowered sex drive oh and my migraines have gotten worse. Although I love how easy it is I feel like it&#039;s taken a real toll on my body. I hate to say it, but I miss having my normal body functions, even my period!"
"I started with  implanon while in high sco  l&amp; loved it. It cleared my skin, I only had 2-3 periods a year that we&#039;re very light I thought it was the best BC ever.  Well when my time was up I got a new implant by that time implanon had turned into nexplanon. My Dr. put it in my arm without going over the fact that it has much more side effects, especially for me who already has anemia, low blood sugar, severe depression &amp; anxiety, etc. Well the first year wasn&#039;t to different besides more periods that were very heavy &amp; long. Then it all got much worst my face is full of acne that I&#039;ve never ever had this bad, I&#039;m more depressed then ever with almost constant mood swings, I have no drive, constantly fatigued I can&#039;t wait to get this thing out &amp; get a non hormonal BC!!"
"I&#039;ve been prescribed doxycycline hydate . And so far it has shown exceptional results. I haven&#039;t had a single breakout 1 and a half week into its use. ^_^ quite happy as the acne has been a biig problem for me for about 3 years now ."
"I have taken Avapro 300mg for over seven years for BP 140/98. Since I began my annual physical exams consistently show BP 170/110. Like many other reviews I initially found that Avapro 300mg, taken first thing in the morning, made me feel very tired and sleepy. As a policeman, I considered it dangerous to be on the job in this condition. The solution was to take it at night, just before bedtime, when I want to be sleepy. By morning I wake up feeling great. By the end of my stressful day I think my BP may be a little higher (understandably) but by then I am home to relax. I have, at times, within an hour of taking the dose, had &quot;blind staggers&quot; after I stand up quickly or dozed off without realizing I had, but no other side effects."
"I am 16. It was on June 29th when this happened. Me and this guy were making out when we decided to take our clothes off and not have sex but just touch skin on skin and while we were doing this he pushed me off and told me he had come and I was totally freaking out. The next morning (within 12 hours) I bought plan b and took it. The only symptom I received was nausea and a little cramping. I read reviews online most saying it works and others were stating it didn&#039;t work but it is now July 4th and I got my period. I am thankful and relieved. If you are in a situation like me don&#039;t stress the chance of getting pregnant is so small I only took it to be safe bc well im Only 16. I hope this review helps. :)"
"I did not like it. I tried it for 2 weeks and always woke up at 2.30 am or 3.00am then I couldn&#039;t go back to sleep."
"From the first month until 6 month that I took the pills I have experienced the worst migraine ever.  The migraines were so horrible it make me throw up every time. These migraines will last up to three days if I&#039;m lucky if I&#039;m not lucky it will last up to a whole week. It took my four months to realize it was the pills because I was so sick from the pills I stop taking it for a week. After that my migraine went away and came back right away after taking it.  I just stop taking the pills after that and switched over. However ever since taking the sprintec I will occasionally get the same sickening migraine but it will be one day of the month now.  It has been six months since and I am still having migraines due to taking the sprintec."
"I&#039;ve been taking Otezla for over 6 months now. Works great, joint pain is greatly reduced and the side effects have been very minimal."
"I have had chronic pain for many years due to my occupation. I&#039;m only 37 and I have 50% torn shoulders, arthritis and 3 herniated discs. I take a 4mg every day at around 3 pm and up to 2 more in the evening depending on the severity of pain that day. I have been on it for roughly 3 years now. I take the same doses and haven&#039;t had to up anything. It replaced 4 meds I used to have to take.
I have no side effects at all. This medicine allows me to run a successful business and my household.
I&#039;d be lost without it.  Most pain killers make me sick to my stomach and cause severe headaches.
Not this one!"
"I have Fibromyalgia, IBS-C,  &amp; worst of all, OIC. I took as prescribed one day.I got horrible pain and withdrawal symptoms, Gut gurgled for a couple hours in the morning. Then Zip, Nada, Nothing!!  I was out after that. 2nd day too sick.  
I thought I should give it a 2nd try 2 wks later to make sure as I had high hopes I might get back some of my life. Same again but worse. Kept repeating symptoms at odd times for 4 days so far. I dread reliving withdrawals at bedtime. 
Docs should know Fibromyalgia is brain related disease so the med is crossing the blood barrier."
"I&#039;ve only been taking this medication for 2 days (back pain), it takes the edge off which allows me to function better. However, I&#039;m nauseous, dizzy and lightheaded and I can&#039;t keep my eyes open and I&#039;m not even tired. I&#039;m thinking about not taking it because I can&#039;t drive like this with 2 young children in my car."
"One more longtime user who&#039;s in a panic now that Drixoral isn&#039;t even available in Canada. Allergy shots haven&#039;t worked; only Drixoral helps me breathe. Without a nightly pill, I can barely wake up in the morning because I&#039;m so congested. Please bring it back or let someone else license it cheaply, even if it&#039;s Rx only.

By the way, the reviewer below who said it was addictive and damaged her nasal passages appears to have been using Drixoral nasal spray - a totally different formula."
"I get migraines pretty often and excedrin migraine does the trick each time! It is very affordable and works like magic. Within 20 minutes the pain is pretty much gone. I throw up when I get a really bad migraine and if you take this along with a little something to eat you will be better in no time! I recommend this product to anyone who suffers from migraines."
"I just started my 5th pack of Ortho Cyclen. I have never taken any other birth control pills prior to this one so I don&#039;t really have anything to compare it to, but this one has worked well for me. My boyfriend and I are sexually active and do not want any children so I decided to the pill. My first couple of months on it I did feel little different - kind of anxious and more mood swings but that went away as I continued to take the pill and my body adjusted. The positive aspects I have noticed is it protects against pregnancy, is easy to swallow, makes your skin very healthy looking (my skin is glowing after a few months of taking), and makes my periods much much lighter than they were before starting on birth control."
"You guys. I am a new person. Paxil has completely changed my life. I&#039;ve been on 40 mg for 2 months and everyone has noticed a change. I can go shopping alone,  greatly improved my work life, and I actually want to be social."
"Pros: prevented pregnancy well, shortened period, cleared acne
Cons: gained 20lbs, scalp hair loss, very heavy cramps, migraines, mood swings"
"I was prescribed citalopram after a particularly stressful period at work followed by my daughter being involved in a serious accident. My anxiety and emotions were high and my resilience and ability to cope were very low. Started on 1st week 10mg increased to 20mg from week 2. Felt a bit nauseous at first but wasn&#039;t feeling great before so don&#039;t know whether it was the citalopram or just me. By about 4th week I realised that I wasn&#039;t constantly feeling tearful or breaking down easily. Now on week 7 and I feel better than I have done in ages, possibly for a few years if I look back. Was really apprehensive about starting these in the first place but so glad I did because I was so emotionally weak and now I feel so much calmer and in control"
"Biggest problem is that dosing is too erratic. Can&#039;t be dosed like typical injectable insulin. Unusable in my case with a cold or other respiratory infection. Although it saves you an injection, it actually causes more finger pricks as you don&#039;t know if you are using a correct dose."
"I LOVED Yaz, I was on it for 2 years. It caused my cramps to stop completely and I had no side effects the only thing I had was a loss in my sex drive. But I think all birth control does that to me. Only reason I switched was because I couldn&#039;t remember to take it every day anymore because my work and college was all over the place. I would go days without it."
"I had a ruptured cyst on my ovaries and had just came out of surgery, the pain was so intense I had Demerol and Gravel in an injection. It was very good but extremely strong. The only side effects I found was a dry mouth but it helped me. Best medicine I have had in a long time."
"I have been suffering from ED for along time. I was very upset as anyone else would be. A week before my 52nd birthday my significant other gifted me with Viagra. Though it worked fine, there were lots of constraints like timing the act, restricting on meal and the duration it lasted. And on my birthday we tried Cialis. Believe me we partied all night, looked like it&#039;s never going to end. I had the best night ever. Though both these drugs come with headache as side effect, in my case, I vote for Cialis for it&#039;s convenience. Though it&#039;s expensive, the return on investment is too good to weigh on its cost. Good luck guys. Go back to your youth in this time machine- CIALIS"
"Tried this as an alternative to phosphodiesterase inhibitors (Levitra and such, just because I get some side effects from these and wanted to see if got better results for less side effects). Slightly awkward application, sticking a plastic stick down, though I rather like the sensation.
Have to say it works REALLY well for me, a bit of penile pain in the area where the pellet is deposited in the urethra, but really quick onset of erection (no need for stimulation at all) and a really firm erection. 500mcg dose is good for me. Also keeps me hard for a good while after climax, so feel ready to go again after a bit of a breather!"
"I&#039;ve tried ortho-cyclen and microgestin 1/20 and diane 35 before. OC made me gain weight like crazy and I couldn&#039;t deal with the bloating; I also lost a ton of muscle mass. I&#039;ve been on OTC -lo for about a week but I feel such a big difference in the degree of my side effects. I&#039;m asian, 5&#039;2&quot; and 118lbs for reference. I don&#039;t feel nauseous at all, very minimal bloating, my skin&#039;s a bit clearer, and my sex drive&#039;s the same! I&#039;m nervous about the tri-phasic style of the pill as I&#039;m very sensitive to hormone shifts, so I may update my review after a months. I think people just really need to find a pill that most closely mimics their natural hormone levels and go up or down in estrogen and progestin as they observe the changes in their body."
"Let&#039;s see. When I first started this Med was for depression and anxiety. Within a month I felt good, after two months great! I stopped taking it thinking I could manage and that made me worse after 3-6 months. I had to get back on it plus klonopin for the anxiety. Well I did it again, i started running out and couldn&#039;t afford to go to the doctor so I was talking it every other day.... I think it made it less effective. I&#039;ve been so depressed, tired, anxious, dizzy etc... I was able to afford to go back the weeks ago and get my refills... So I&#039;m three weeks in... Still feeling down and out. But I know I&#039;ve got to give it the full 6-8 weeks. Just never get off!! It works well if taken right."
"Gave this a try after the culmination of several things. Another round of double depression hit me in the spring and I decided to go with drs advice and try this. This is month 7 and I have stopped it because of the following: severe headaches, claustrophobia, dizziness, stomach upset, heart pounding, severe insomnia, feeling like I wanted to scream but cant get it out. It has essentially numbed my emotions and its not a good thing. I go back in a few days to get something different. "
"I have had Fibro for 10 years (7 years since diagnosis). Amitriptyline has been the only constant help. All other medications have had no effect. Amitriptyline almost eliminates back pain (hasn&#039;t helped any other muscle pains. A dose of 75mg taken before bed gives me a full night&#039;s sleep. Side effects of weight gain, dry mouth and
urinary retention just have to be managed until I can find anything better."
"I was on Nexplanon for 8 months. It works great preventing pregnancy, however; the side effects for me at least were, and still are horrid. I had it removed 4 months ago and I am currently still coping with the side effects. I never once had a period nor spotting while on Nexplanon, I did however have headaches, migraines, horrific mood swings, no sex drive, no motivation, depression, cramping, and arm pain. Now 4 months after removal I still suffer from these same side effects only add on severe cramping without having a period, in and out of hospitals for chronic nausea, ovarian cysts, and stuff doctors haven&#039;t even been able to pin point. It&#039;s not worth it.. Use condoms!"
"I have always been a person who had no problem getting an erection.  Maintaining though for a great sexual experience had been becoming a problem.  The use of Cialis has given me 15 to 20 years back on my sex life.  No problems now at all maintaining a full erection throughout the whole experience with my partner.  Had a little upset stomach which only lasted a few minutes.  No major side effects at all."
"I have been taking lortab-5 for a separated shoulder i received playing racquetball and it works very well to relieve my pain. You must follow the directions given by your Doctor, take exactly as directed. If you do not experience any pain to not take lortab, only take when needed please. I have no side affects with this medication which is good because many other meds do. Will only be on this medication for a short time. Please use with caution."
"I was diagnosed with RRMS in 1993. Tried Avonex,  worst side effects body pain,  pounding headache instantly. Stopped drug after 6 wks.
In 1999 had relapse.  Double vision, numb on left side, slurred speech, dizziness, fatigue, unable to walk without falling, my mind felt odd. Doctor at DUKE university suggested Copaxone 20mg. Started in 1999. Now on 40mg 3 times a week. Had relapse may 2016.
I have itching, welts, injection pain, lumps and permanent indentations."
"Morphine has given me my life back. I was in a bad car accident 12 years ago.  I have plate and screws in my neck. Been through therapy, injections, ice, hot packs, deep stimulation, etc, and any drugs, steroids, you can name it I have pretty much been on it. I have a high tolerance to pain and was highly against drugs but due to the chronic pain I gave in. Since I declined back surgery, continued working (doing piping, heating, plumbing, taking care of home, etc) regardless of how chronic my pain was, all the medication I had been on only allowed me to function in a some what reasonable manner.  I HAD TO  KEEP WORKING but once off work I had no social or outside life. I lost my husband 1 month prior to car accident. 
To try and make this long story short, the pain has become so severe a doctor in ER gave me IV morphine, Toradol and Valium..  For the FIRST TIME in 12 years I was pain free. The doctor suggested that I have my pain clinic doctor prescribe morphine. It has been 1 month now that I have been on morphine and I have to say I AM PAIN FREE."
"I&#039;ve been in doxy for a about 3 weeks straight now. My skin isint getting any worse, but it&#039;s not getting any better either. It also makes me so nauseas and I throw up sometimes. It doesn&#039;t seem worth it to me right now for the medication to be doing nothing except making me sick."
"I have PCOS and struggle with mood swings, hair loss, and pretty severe hirsutism. I have had a lot of success with Yasmin for all of the above.

The most notable and stable difference comes after the 6 month mark. My body and facial hair grow back thinner and at a much slower pace, my mood is very stable and I don&#039;t lose anywhere the same amount of hair from my scalp.
I also have easy and comfortable periods and my appetite is very stable on Yasmin, which I can&#039;t say about other pills. I haven&#039;t put on any weight as a result.

The first 2 weeks of being on Yasmin can be difficult (nausea, headaches) and I don&#039;t recommend it for very sedentery/very unfit ladies, as the risk of clotting is slightly higher because of its Drospirenone content."
"This was and continues to be the best, long term option for me. I had very little side effects ... slight headache at first but it went away after a few days."
"I love Mirena and I would recommend it. Its convenient and I have not experienced a single issue off the laundry list of complaints that some people have. I suppose my fiance would say he could feel the string, which caused some discomfort at first, but that is no longer an issue. "
"I was on Alesse for over 5 years and never had any side effects. It was recently discontinoued and I&#039;m now realizing how great it was. Every pill I&#039;ve tried since makes me sore, bloated and causes strange mood swings."
"I&#039;ve been using Sumatriptan for my menstrual migraines for 5 years or so now, I&#039;m 24 years old. Although I get several of the listed side effects (muscle weakness, tingling &amp; burning sensation, drowsiness to name a few), it works so quickly at getting rid of the pain I couldn&#039;t be without it now. The side effects only last an hour or so, so it&#039;s completely worth it."
"This was a nightmarish experience for me. I ran out of my regular Temazepam and forgot to pick it up at the pharmacy, so I popped a 20mg Belsomra that my MD gave me a free sample of. About an hour into the drug, I started feeling very dizzy and my head felt so heavy, and I immediately felt this strong urge to knock out and fall into a deep slumber, so I went to my bed and started falling asleep. However, I started experiencing major sleep paralysis - it felt like it lasted for a long time, and my body just couldn&#039;t move even though my mind was fully aware and conscious of what was happening. 

Later on during the night, I kept falling asleep and waking up sporadically. By this morning, I was beat and vowed never to take this again."
"I was on it for 4 months. While it completely stopped my bad cramps, the side effects were not worth it. Within 2 months, I became very depressed, with flat affect and irritability."
"When I first started using it, about 3 years ago, I LOVED it. I always had a problem remembering to take my pills and so this was (what I thought) the best solution. As time continued however, my sex drive took a dive, I got tired all the time, and I find that whenever I&#039;m on the ring, I get nasty discharge that goes away when I go off for a month or two. I&#039;ve also started bleeding after sex this past year! I&#039;m now looking to go back onto the pill and can not wait! If remembering to take a pill everyday is all it takes to get myself back, then I&#039;ll do it! Glad to know I&#039;m not the only one."
"I started taking Ativan about 4 months ago and I found it was very effective. It saved my life. I suffered really badly with depression, anxiety and panic attacks. This tablet stops the thoughts racing through my mind and calms me down straight away."
"I had my Skyla inserted in May of 2014. I have a condition that I have to take medication  which limited me from the use of other birth controls. Skyla gives me a lot more comfort because it is more effective than other methods of birth control. I do get cysts that grow on my uterus and rupture mostly before my cycle which is very painful, but the pain is worth the results! I highly recommend this birth control."
"I have the same problem.  Have been taking it &quot;continuously&quot; for several months to treat heavy, irregular periods.  Now, I have spotting/bleeding every day (at least 3/4 of the month).   Also, like other person who posted, I have large clots."
"I find that Lyrica has helped a lot with my sciatic pain. I am able to move better with less pain."
"I started taking this med for HBP.  I notice after I take it, my BP goes up and my pulse drops, I feel dizzy.  I don&#039;t like it.  My doc said to keep taking it, but I&#039;m not so sure I should.  Has this happened to anyone else?"
"I had attempted suicide and was convinced my life was over prior to being on this, it saved my life plain and simple. I take risperdal to augment the effect of luvox. If you find the luvox isn&#039;t working entirely try adding on an antipsychotic, it did wonders for me. I have schizophrenia and OCD, so having an antipsychotic is absolutely essential. But yeah, Luvox has done wonders for me. It may take a few months before you feel the full effects though. I just got raised to 200mg and so far so good. Thank you Luvox."
"This is a tough med to start. But after a few weeks I got adjusted and titrated up to the right dose.  My EF was close to 35% when I started it. When I began taking this drug I would get dizzy which would instill panic episodes in me.  But I stuck with it and my EF is 55% now. I now don&#039;t even notice the Coreg unless I forget it. And when I do forget it, I get a little jittery. It&#039;s a miracle drug. Tough to start but worth the result."
"This medication has worked miracles for me. It has very few side effects and WORKS. One of the best things about it is no weight gain - it can actually cause you to lose weight! If you&#039;ve got depression, I would definitely recommend Wellbutrin XL."
"I receive the highest dose of this drug for spasticity in my upper arm. All I can say is that it definitely helps me but then the drug will wear off quickly, I am now on the highest dose."
"Desiccated thyroid extract = works
Cytomel   Synthroid = works
Synthroid/T4 only thyroid medicines = DO NOT WORK
"
"I take 10mg as needed for anxiety. It works better than any other medication &amp; it&#039;s nonadditive."
"Aleve works better than anything I&#039;ve tried. Like other users have stated take 3-4 initially ever 8 hours then reduce to 1-2 ever 8 hours until gout attack is completely gone.  It took 1 day to reduce a full-on gout attack to a state where it is barely noticeable.  "
"Horrible product I took it at night about 7pm woke up with stomach hurting by 4am went to use bathroom but all that happened was major cramps and stomach in so much pain it was seriously as bad as labor contractions I was in so much pain I ended up throwing up three times because this pain came and go non-stop for about  4 1/2 hours worst pain ever. I did have a couple bowel motions but seriously not worth the horrible stomach pain and cramping, throwing up  and sweating because of it. Better off trying magnesium. My stomach region is now a day later still sore."
"Accutane saved my life. I struggled with acne since I was in grade 6. I was so hesitant for taking this drug for many years, always scared because I struggle with bad depression. I took 20mg (5&#039;2/f/118 lbs) and that was good enough. It didnt affect my depression whatsoever. I also struggled with eating disorders so was paranoid of gaining weight. I lost weight and ran a half marathon on this drug. Don&#039;t let the forums trick you, although everyone is different. When I came off the accutane my skin broke out in AWFUL oil. It went away after a month. Other than that my skin is now pretty perfect, I miss being on it everyday to be honest. It makes your skin flawless."
"I tried taking Septra, and by the second day I was vomiting all day long. Couldn&#039;t take it long enough to cure the bladder infection and because of changing antibiotics partway through, ended up in a trip to the hospital with a kidney infection."
"I have been on Kariva for less than 2 years, and I guess I never read the drug information because my sex drive is near nothing. I even get annoyed when sex is brought up. My period is only 3 days long though, and no nausea or cramping to go with. But, the fact that my body refuses sex now is getting ridiculous. My doctor suggested it for me because I am pretty moody or my moods flipped a lot on everything else I tried. But Kariva was the last thing I could try. I&#039;m breaking up with it. I miss being intimate with my boyfriend..."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for a little over a year and I&#039;m not happy with it. I&#039;ve had severe breakouts of acne which I&#039;ve never had before, my anxiety has been way worse then ever before, I&#039;ve gained 20lbs, and has lowered my sex drive a whole lot. I tried to figure out for the longest time why all these things were happening to me but I soon came to the realization that it is the nexplanon. I do not recommend anyone to use this);"
"Escitalopram (Generic for Lexapro) has completely changed my life for the better. I was always angry, in a bad mood, I snapped at my husband, my kids, my dog annoyed me. I stopped caring about my looks, I rarely smiled: unless I was drinking wine. My marriage was in shambles! It wasn&#039;t until I reached rock bottom and my husband threatened to leave me that I sought help from my doctor. I am so happy and thankful that I did and that my doctor prescribed me Lexapro. I am now calm, things that once bothered me don&#039;t bother me anymore. I am happy. This medicine has saved my marriage and changed my life. I highly recommend it to anyone experiencing the same troubles I once did. It takes about 2 weeks to work so give it a chance."
"I have had pain and stiffness in my neck for quite some time and this medication has greatly improved these symptoms.  I use it every other day and it works very well."
"Then put me on 20mg, and now I am on 40 mg. Throughout this whole trial, I have noticed a huge difference. I do have less appetite like everyone else does. But that don&#039;t bother me. I am over weight already. I also concentrate way better. I am much happier during the day and my patience has increased. He did put me on Lexapro for my anxiety and that is all going good as well."
"I have only been on this med for two days, but OMG what a difference!  I have been in pain mgmt for 25 years for interstitial cystitis and during this time I went from being an energetic, happy person to nothing more than a shell. As the pain and pain med amounts increased, the quality of my so called life decreased to the point that for the last year I do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING but sit on the couch and read. No cooking, no cleaning, no going out, nothing! But after only 2 days, I&#039;m starting to feel like my old self again! Much more energy and have even taken less pain Meds! I haven&#039;t had any side effects. Can&#039;t wait to see how this goes! Sooooo grateful!"
"I have had 6 treatments. My goal is not to have bronchitis, sinusitis, or pneumonia repeatedly. For 48-72 hours post rx.my abdomen is hot pink, swollen and painful. I I then feel fantastic for 6 days and then my malaise gradually kicks back in. I had a  3 month&quot;  virus&quot;  at age 11. I was unable to walk for more than a few feet at a a time. I have never felt good since. Life was not what it should have been. My  &quot; awesome&quot; days are well worth all the downsides of this rx. ONLY regret is that I could have had it sooner. I am so thankful for this medication."
"My son is getting ready to turn 7. He has been on Metadate CD for 2 years. We first started him out on the 10mg but after six months we had to go up to 20mg. Before he started the Metadate the teacher would have to chase him around the room and keep him from doing flips during circle time. The school even suggested that I pull him out for an extra year since he was a July birthday. I took my son to the doctor and told them what the school wanted to do she tested him and then started him on the Metadate. I could tell a difference on the first pill. He has made straight A&#039;s every since. Now that he can focus and sit still he is the first one done with his work and the teachers have decided to test him for the Gifted program."
"I am a military service personnel and have been suffering depression and work in a hostile work environment. This medication has definitely helped me get through this horrific time. Helping me to love my career."
"It worked great. "
"I have been taking Alli since Aug. 20 it was suggested to me by my Dr. I was at 216lbs on Aug. 20 and I was weighed yesterday Aug. 25 I am now 210lbs 6lbs gone in 5 days!!! It has helped with my appetite I will be honest I do not diet or exercise but Alli does really work! I would highly suggest to anyone overweight!"
"It changed my life. Had anxiety every day for 4 years. My anxiety is like blowned away and I can start working with my self. Now 1 year on Cymbalta and still feeling fine."
"I originally used the liquid twice a day but switched to the once a day foam when it came out - the foam was pretty useless to me because the majority of the stuff just got stuck through my hair rather than getting on my scalp. Unfortunately my hair seemed to suffer far more - which was heartbreaking and I&#039;ve gone back to the lower dose twice a day hoping it&#039;s not too late to turn it around."
"I have taken this for 5 years. I have no symptoms at all with this pill. I have tried two others before I started Tri Nessa and had terrible side effects. This pill has been great with no migraines or weight gain."
"I have had restless legs syndrome for much longer than anyone knew what it was. I was a kid in the 70&#039;s getting in trouble for &quot;squirming&quot; at my desk. It tends to act up more with periods of activity. When my wife and I were dating, I was at the gym and riding a bike and I would wake up in the middle of the night and do stretches and anything to try and make the feeling go away. Recently, is has become unbearable again for some reason, it is ten years after the last bad period. 

I have tried Lyrica, which did not seem to help, Neurontin - which helped some but was wiping me out with tiredness and I just switched to Mirapex because I couldn&#039;t see that 1-2mg a night was doing anything but making me nauseous. 

"
"Helps relieve muscle discomfort especially around the spine."
"I had the implant  inserted  in September 2015. Over the  past 2 months, I have been spotting 3/4 of the time  and  have no sex drive  at all.  I am going to have it taken out and  go back to  the pill.  My husband  was against  me getting  the implant.  But of course  I was stubborn  about and  wanted to  try it"
"I have had serious issues with a-fib together with a heart rate of 150-170 for over 3 weeks. I have had a heart ablation surgery, and am now on 3 different blood pressure/heart regulation pills.  Lately, as soon as I lay down at night, my heart has begun to pound in my chest, so badly that I can&#039;t go to sleep.  If I finally do go to sleep, it is still doing the same dance when I wake up.  My chest burns &amp; I am exhausted for the rest of the day.  

BUT, at the suggestion of an old fashioned Mexican lady who is a dear friend of mine, I began steeping two tea bags of Kava in boiling water for 5 minutes and drinking that before bed time.  My blood pressure (which is usually around 135/85  immediately goes down to NORMAL (115/75).  I can sleep!"
"I did so well on this medication!  But I can no longer afford it. The generic version I was paying $280 a month. I have since changed to Effexor, and now on Zoloft and neither one works as well.  I had been on this since 1986, but had to change last November because of the cost. I miss it so much"
"I got my Nexplanon inserted in June 2014, I got my period the month after but haven&#039;t gotten it ever since. I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant either. I&#039;m very satisfied except for the fact that my face has been breaking out so much and gained so much weight."
"I had this put in on July, 28, 2015 and things have been bad since. This box isn&#039;t even big enough to explain it all. I felt great for maybe a week or two then bled constantly until yesterday. Then, instead of bearable pain, I now have it pretty bad with nausea. My sex drive is gone and sex is anywhere from uncomfortable to painful. No pain at the insertion site and that went well. My partner has ejaculated inside of me twice and no babies, but it&#039;s not worth it. I&#039;m worried about resistance with removing it, but can&#039;t take it it&#039;s so bad. I&#039;ll move to another method once this is cleared out of my system and we&#039;ll see where it goes."
"This is my second day with this drug and I can already see improvement in the quality of my life. First thing every morning out of bed, I had to go to the nebulizer in order to breathe after removing CPAP mask. Today I didn&#039;t have to use it at all. I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects and don&#039;t expect any."
"I never thought that an expectorant used to treat coughs could be this effective for Fibromyalgia pain.  I am a pre-med student and when I heard about the possibility of Mucinex(Guaifenesin) being able to relieve pain caused by Fibromyalgia I decided to try it.  It has worked better than NSAID&#039;S (Ibuprofen, Aleve, Celebrex) for me.  400mg works great (600mg if using the extended release tablets.)"
"I switched from ER morphine 30 mg sulfate to embeda 20 mg ,there are some major problems with this medication ! Recalls are still needed as the first time I took one minimal relief with quick ending ,the next one put me to sleep after I just slept 12 hours from the first one , the next one zero relief ,can&#039;t go through life like this ! The FDA needs to take a serious look at this !"
"I have had my Kyleena almost a month now. The insertion was incredibly painful for me, &amp; I have a pretty strong pain tolerance. I got the IUD to try to lighten my periods. My cramps are unbearable because I have endometriosis. So lighter bleeding=less cramps. Anyway, the first night, the cramps were so painful that I considered going to the ER. The weeks since, I have dull, aching cramps on my right side every other day that are about an 8 on a 10 pain scale. Also have a lot of spotting and weight gain, but eating less. Side note: The procedure was supposed to be 100% covered but I got a $200 office visit charge because my &quot;primary care physician&quot; did not put it in; my OBGYN did. Even though with my ins plan, I don&#039;t have to pick a PCP."
"This product works in a few days, is not visible on the skin and I found no side effects. I used it twice a day and the skin was clear in 3 days. I stopped using it then and was free of symptoms for several months. Once it started re-appearing I repeated the 3 day treatment. It comes in a 40 gram tube and lasts a long time. This was for facial treatment around the nose and above the eyebrows in the middle of the forehead."
"I was on this pill for about a year 6 years ago. Everything was fine. I started taking it again for about 8 months. When I started it I was very emotional and sensitive to basically anything. Then I&#039;ve had random spotting (dark brown) for about 2-3 weeks. This has happened twice in the 8 months I&#039;ve been on. I&#039;ve decided to stop taking this pill and try something else."
"I&#039;ve been taking Latuda for about 2 months now. I enjoy life again, everyday I wake up feeling better than before. The intensity of feelings is amazing, I feel alive for the first time. No bad side effects as of now"
"Best anti psychoticI&#039;ve tried. On 5mg, also on 225mg Venlafaxine for C-PTSD (helps with depression &amp; anxiety). Best combo I&#039;ve had to date, but doesn&#039;t make me energetic, but alleviates the C-PTSD, BPD and IBS, so it&#039;s a winner."
"I have suffered from chronic infections from prostate to intestinal infections and everywhere in between since I was 17 years old and am now 21 years old and been prescribed this medicine several times when I have these infections and this medication definitely helped me function like I would be able to. "
"The medication worked very quickly but I had severe stomach cramps &amp; nausea for several hours. This was a miserable experience, one that I can&#039;t imagine subjecting myself to on a daily basis. I also experienced some mild withdrawal type symptoms- muscle cramps in my legs &amp; some mild anxiousness."
"It is helpful in neck and spine and helps the pain in my spine and neck and helps me be able to relax without constantly having to move in odd places to sleep and sit. Therefore I found that this helps with little side effects unlike other pain medication that I&#039;ve been prescribed in the past."
"I have been using this drug (known in Australia as Restavit). 
I can only use half a tablet because it is so strong.
Last night my girlfriend used it with disastrous consequences. 
She slept walked and talked the entire night. 
Several times she apparently awoke only to begin babbling back in her dream state. 
She was constantly getting up and walking around, turning on lights. 
She was crying uncontrollably at times for half an hour at a time. 
This morning she has no recollection of any of it. I will keep using it. She will not."
"My son has had asthma since he was born. Now doctor has given singulair and it has helped alot. You can tell a big difference when he stops taking them."
"I take Opana ER 20mg twice a day along with Oxycodone 30mg 3 times a day for break through pain, I think it works wonderful. I have severe lower back pain all day and all night. If I don&#039;t have the Opana along with the Oxycodone then it just doesn&#039;t work well at all. I have tried many other medicine and this is the one that works for sure."
"After three Nulasta shots, three weeks apart, each one caused basically the same side effects which was severe pain.  After the second/third day, the pain started and it was the worst pain I have ever experienced in my lifetime.  In the bones and muscles.  I took Advil that seemed to take the edge off but didn&#039;t take it away. Tried tylenol and it was basically the same, not much help.  The severe pain lasted for about five days.  Even seven or eight days later, I  still had serious pain in the  bones but not as bad as the first five days."
"I wanted to update my progress on sertraline. I have been taking 100 mg of zoloft for over a year now. I still have normal anxiety and the occasional panic attack but it has made my life 100% better. I&#039;m not scared to go to work any more and actually enjoy life again.even opening my own business. I have never suffered sexual side effects and can even drink . If you need anti depressants just use them. That&#039;s what they are there for. It does not make you weak or less of a man. When you have a headache you take a pill for your head. If you have an anxiety disorder take zoloft, it&#039;s just a pill. Hope this helps anyone deciding what to do."
"I have been on Levora for 2 years, it definitely works in regards to being pregnant. My appetite has not increased to badly. I have only gained about 5 pounds. Levora seems to keep my acne in check. My periods are a lot lighter. The only problem I have is my sex drive is pretty much non-existent. It&#039;s become such a problem that I will be switching birth controls."
"The warts went away the first time for about a month but came back. Be very careful it is very very painful. Swelling, redness and peeling. I went to the urologist after having pretty bad symptoms. If the same happens this is what I was told. Soak in warm water with a bath. Use soap and water to clean. Chlorine water from pools are a plus. Good luck"
"This is my fifth year using the Implanon (second implant) and I&#039;m unsure whether I will have another put in when this one is removed. Due to family history with thrombosis I was advised by my GP against using other methods due to a high risk of blood clotting. He advised me to use the Implanon as this is widely recognized as one of the most effective birth control methods. I have to say that even with it&#039;s disadvantages I agree. I have gained roughly 3 and half stone since using Implanon which I am very unhappy about and have tried numerous ways to lose (I even purchased a treadmill for home use and it has had little effect)! I also have unbelievable mood swings and cry at the most ridiculous things! But it does work."
"I&#039;ve only had mine since January of this year and so far I love it. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain, mood swings or any of the other side effects that I&#039;ve read about. I&#039;ve had very light periods since it&#039;s been inserted. I would recommend this to all of my friends."
"I took this for about a year and a half. I did only have one period every 3 months, but for me it was 3 months worth of period compressed into one week of hell. One week every 3 months I could barely get to class, and when I did I was constantly going to the bathroom between classes to change pads/tampons. It also made me very emotional for about 2 of the 3 months. Overall, it did do what it promised: not becoming pregnant, and only one period every three months. However, I did not experience lighter periods."
"I was born with mitral valve prolapse and started having palpitations when going through a lot of stress in my mid-30s.  I was started on Atenolol 25 mg per day.... then noticed about 10 years later that my heart rate was going up again and had bouts of palpitations.  My Dr just adjusted the dosage to 50 mg per day.  I have asthma also but Theophylline ER 200 mg taken twice daily takes care of the asthma."
"I been on accutane a few weeks , I am seeing results! !! Although my Lips are so dry it hurts the dryness is the worse !!vasaline saved my life!!!!!!! I did get rashes on my hands and arms and itching on my legs! But hey my face looks better at the end a few months of suffering is totally worth it!!"
"I have been spotting for over 30 days."
"I have had chronic sinusitus for 30 years. Sometimes 4 per year and we had to do cultures to make sure we got the right bug after have numerous antibiotics failed. I think allergies and maybe viral infections start it off and then it turns into an infection. This medication has worked for me over the last 10 years ,although we have used other drugs to good effect. I have had few side effects except for dizzyiness and some brain fog for a few hours after taking the drug. It works very quickly on my infections but I do worry about side effects. I have been an avid weight lifter  and never slowed down while on this med and had no issues with tendons or aches. This time I will take it a little easier and just keep my joints and muscles moving!"
"I was worried about using this product after reading mixed reviews. First three weeks were the worst experience ever. It started working on the fourth week. Now at 6 weeks I am so glad I stuck thru it. It was worth the burning, peeling, red  skin and the emotional pain. If you are reading this comment, then you are in the same spot as I was 6 weeks ago. Trust me, I lost hope but continued to use it. Now my skin looks great. Happy I didn&#039;t give up and you shouldn&#039;t too."
"Just took my third dose (out of five, using the LevaPak).  No bad side effects at all.  Feeling much better and will go back to work today.  No problems with sleep, no itching. Am also using Mucinex to help break up the congestion.
"
"First form of birth control was Zovia. Didn&#039;t like it because it made me nauseous all the time. So after a year of being off birth control I decided to try the patch. I like it a lot. No major side effects at all. The only thing is that I did lose my sex drive. Which made me pretty sad but I&#039;d rather deal with that than side effects of other birth controls. I&#039;ve only been on it for about three months so maybe I still need to wait to adjust. I do feel like I&#039;m gaining weight though. Although I would not completely blame it on the patch because birth control gives you cravings that you can choose to act upon or not. Birth control doesn&#039;t make you gain weight. It&#039;s what you decide put in your mouth that does. "
"I&#039;ve only been on Nexplanon for a couple of months. I switched over from the Depo shot, which made me gain excessive weight after having my son (whom I got pregnant with while on the pill). My reasons for switching were weight gain, mood swings, and loss of sex drive. Since I&#039;ve switched, I have 180&#039;d. I&#039;ve lost 3 pounds in only 3 weeks, and my other issues also seem to be resolved and I have had no issues with spotting thus far. I could not be happier with what I&#039;ve gotten, my one and only issue is that my arm seems to itch where it is. I can deal with that as long as I&#039;m not dieting and gaining anymore. I know that this form of birth control affects every individual differently, but I do want to say, it works great for me!"
"Vyvanse is great.  It has a longer dosing window than Adderall XR (12 vs 8 hours for me) and a slightly improved side-effect profile.  As a longtime (~16 years) prescription stimulant user, for ADHD, I would recommend Vyvanse to any user that is currently unsatisfied with their ADHD management.  It is no silver bullet, but there are no silver bullets for ADHD.  It is incremental innovation in a great way. Vyvanse is the first real stimulant to reduce side effects without cutting efficacy."
"I was prepared for some side effects but so far there&#039;s only more wetness (not bothersome) and a reduction in sex drive (haven&#039;t decided if it&#039;s bothersome or not yet). I keep waiting for the scary side effects you read about but so far so good. I am prone to anxiety and headaches but all that has been just business as usual for me, no increase. No slip out. No pain."
"The medication worked well. It does burn after application."
"I have been on this med for 3 months. 10mg a day I can&#039;t sleep and I cry alot. My tightness in my chest is gone, but I still feel blah. "
"I take 300mg of XR, have for about two years now: 150 before bed and 150 midday (300 before bed was suppressing REM sleep). It has managed symptoms such as severe suicidal impulses/ideation, however overall I find that it barely sedates me. So I also take 10mg of Maximum strength Melatonin which seems to work in conjunction with the medication to allow me to sleep.
Overall it seems to be somewhat effective, although I would like to take a higher dose or switch to another medication, however my doctor wants to eventually taper me off of it completely. Previously I have been unable to afford my medication and went without for 32 or so hours, the withdrawal was HORRIBLE, I felt sick then tried to sleep and couldn&#039;t due to severe spins/vertigo."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for over a year I like it it cleared my acne I did gain weight tho kinda having a hard time losing it too and the mood swings are crazy like the first 10 white pills I&#039;m the most emotional and when I start my period I actually feel normal but I&#039;m will to stick to it cause my acne was just so bad and This pill cleared me up so I really don&#039;t mind the side affects."
"I started taking Ambien about 3 years ago.  When I first took it I did make the random phone calls and would eat in my sleep but it worked.  I only took it when I absolutely needed to.  I stopped for about a year then the insomnia started again and I took it again and the side effects weren&#039;t there.  I still take it every once in a while when I really need it (maybe once a month) and the side effects are still gone. Just sleep and I don&#039;t feel groggy in the morning."
"I first started on Latuda at 20 mg two years ago and then my psychiatrist upped it to 80 mg over a month ago. I do not the same irritability and agitation like I had when I was on 60 mg and small things that rubbed me the wrong way before do not have the same affect on me now. I also take Wellbutrin 300 mg and Viibyrd 20 mg in combination with Latuda. All together I now feel more stable than I have since I was 16, and I am now 23."
"Made the cough completely vanish, but had a pretty bad headache couples with constant drowsiness and light dizziness. Definitely worth it, but awful when i have to get a lot done at night (which i often do). Overall: They get the job done, but it ultimately you must weigh the cough vs the side effects."
"My doctor prescribed this for me for my menstrual cramps.  It helps so much. I do get drowsy but I am at home so it&#039;s o.k."
"like others have said, it&#039;s a foam but it&#039;s sticky like glue.  It&#039;s helps a little bit in keeping flare ups at bay and it may get rid of some very small spots, but it&#039;s not going to do much for any large inflamed patches."
"This medicine worked for me! The other reviews were so NEGATIVE. It SCARED ME so BADLY! I decided to take this medicine for my constipation, and then after I took the pill at 12:30pm after lunch (no milk or antacids with it though). I got online to find out how long it would take for it to work (it stated 6 to 12 hours), BUT for me was 4.5 hours. I did have some discomfort, but I had some discomfort from my constipation too. I am not saying that the other reviewers didn&#039;t have this horrible side effects, I am sure they did. I thought I would get on here though, because those negative side effects do NOT happen to everyone! I do have to say though, I am So GLAD I didn&#039;t take it before bedtime (like suggested on the box though) because that would have put me up 2:30 AM in the morning, when everything got flushed out). That wouldn&#039;t have made me a happy camper, Glad I decide to take it after lunch, and then I was home at 4:30 after work, and went to the bathroom, and it Truly does CLEAN you OUT!! My advice, be smart with the timing and place you take this medicine, if you decide to try it."
"2 weeks into the treatment, first week was awful, burning redness peeling more pimples. Slowly improved I&#039;m feeling a lot better still a little bit of peeling and dry skin and a pimple here and there but it doesn&#039;t burn anymore. They say 8 weeks others 3 months to see results so although it&#039;s too early to say that differin won the battle I have to say that I&#039;m satisfied. Also I use Clinique bar soap in the morning, Clinique acne cream, and tonic. And at night just st Ives scrub and differin. I wear my regular make up revlon but I want to switch to Clinique. It doesn&#039;t hold all day my skin starts to get itchy in the evening. Just be patient!"
"I&#039;ve been taking escitalopram for more than a month at 10mg daily for my anxiety disorder. Last 2 years ago I took this for more 2 months at the same dose. Last Feb I had observed that my anxiety was back again so I started to take last month. Thanks to God I feel better again now after 1 week, although there is little anxiety but not so compared before. "
"I have been on Belviq for 2 weeks ( just completed the free trial) now and I have lost 7 pounds without really trying. I have noticed I don&#039;t eat as much as I used to. I have tried adipex and the weight come off faster, however the side effects are a lot more aggressive. Belviq side effects are barely noticeable. I can eat, sleep and exercise, no shaky hands, no restlessness, no change in the taste of food. So far I&#039;m really liking it and will get the month supply and really try to exercise as I should. Can wait to see the numbers on the scale to keep going down."
"I diagnosed on May 2017 cd4 309, VL 5050.  I am  almost at my fourth week and everything is fine. I didn&rsquo;t had any side-effects actually maybe first day stomach ache and  headaches. After 30 days  I can say I feel normal healthy and safe again :)  waiting for my results."
"I am currently 10 weeks and 2 days pregnant and upon going for normal blood work required I was diagnosed with chlyamidia. I was prescribed 2 single dose tablets in 500mg. Took them and threw up 4 hrs later. For me it makes it a lot harder since naturally I usually feel nauseated. I literally had to try and sleep or just lay down to avoid throwing the pills up to soon. I wanted to vomit as soon as I swallowed them. However I&#039;ll take that cause my health is way more important."
"Have had acne since football as a young teen and used everything resulting useless till sampled Aczone at 23yrs of age. Apply at night after Panoxyl wash typically where I shave face and neck. Magic"
"I am 84. After two atrial fibrillation incidents that were two years apart, my Dr. prescribed Eliquix; one 5mg pill once a day.  After ingesting the first pill at 8:00 am, by 11:00 am I was dizzy and just felt lousy. I emailed my doctor, suggesting that I take only half a pill a day. She agreed. After two weeks of feeling lousy, I awoke one morning with my right eye severely reddened and the right side of my head throbbing. It was a weekend, so I went to Urgent Care; they did and echo cardiogram, which showed I was pretty OK.  Before  I went home, I told the Doctor that I would never again take Eliquis.  She didn&#039;t like that.  But I went back on my old Metformin/aspirin regime and after six months I am OK."
"I started Qsymia in 2013 at 300 lbs. In 8 months was down about 60 lbs but the side effects became unbearable. Mostly terrible constipation and aggressive behavior and cognitive impairment. Took a break for a few months, then resumed with a little more success. Lost a total of 90, but then put 50 back on. Getting ready to see doctor to try it again. Really want to hit my goal this time."
"This nose spray has been working great for me. It has transformed my allergic life from literally not being able to function to the normal me. I can&#039;t be more grateful. No side effects at all. It is also amazing how it was effective from the second use onwards. I do recommend the continuous use of it."
"I had been on an estrogen pill for 8 years, but new onset of migraines prompted my doc to give me this one. (Jencycla)

My hair started falling out, I got acne that I&#039;d never had before, and strong carb/salt cravings. The worst was that my lady bits were soooo dry, it was uncomfortable and sex was horrible.

I got the skyla IUd and all my issues began to resolve within that week of being off jencycla."
"On Topamax for seizures, and Imitrex shots, and I still suffer severe migraines. 3-4 days in, I&#039;ll call my nurse practitioner, and God Bless Toradol! Less than a week ago, I had a migraine so severe, I passed out, landing face down on hard tile floor. 6 hours at the ER, a CAT scan, and having been given Compazine, Benadryl, Morphine, and an Imitrex shot, they FINALLY gave me Toradol in my IV, like I asked. Sweet relief! I&#039;ll be dipped if I can get my neurologist/PCP/nurse practitioner to prescribe Toradol tabs for when I&#039;m at the 3 - 4 day of a migraine. I &quot;get&quot; how you have to be careful due to liver issues with Toradol - but they WILL prescribe a narcotic for the whiplash I&#039;m suffering as a result!"
"It&#039;s the worst medicine I ever had. I started to take Trimethoprim 2 days ago and I feel horrible. It made me dizzy and nauseous. I wouldn&#039;t recommended it to anyone - it&#039;s worst than UTi"
"This medicine has helped me with my social anxiety tremendously. Before, I would sit at home on the computer all the time, too afraid to really do anything. I skipped school all the time because I was too nervous. Now I&#039;m going to college, making friends, etc. I still get nervous, but not nearly as bad as it once was. This medicine helps me live."
"I have severe HA&#039;s (headaches) daily from two bulging discs in my neck and a growth on my brain that adds to the HA&#039;s. I have arthritis in my right knee from two knee surgeries. I started out with trying many different oral pain meds. I was tired of taking so many pills with hardly any pain relief. I asked my physician about Suboxone, she prescribe it for my pain; I was sooo happy!! No high/lows and I felt myself again!  Then, my insurance stopped covering it, unless prescribed for addiction. I was prescribed Subutex 8 mg 2x/day which worked just as well; insurance still refused payment. After a year I was given Belbuca 450 mcg every 12hrs; insurance paid. I&#039;m not getting near the relief I was when on Subutex. Don&#039;t like it!!"
"Took 5 hours ago. Still coughing. Now I am pooping as well. Came to read reviews because I don&#039;t think I could have eaten anything else to cause diarrhea. I&#039;m hoping I don&#039;t have 8 hours of stomach issues but it&#039;s not looking good. Maybe it doesn&#039;t happen to everyone but user beware!"
"Brazileiro&#039;m so my English is bad. I have depression greater than 10 years (I am 47 years old). I would say that in the last two years was in bed 90% of the time without the strength to hold a pen .I only had a bath bath every three months .And when they go me into a psch hospital  Dr he explained a lot to me  mostly about diet 80%. I talked to my doctor here and started taking it. In the first days started an improvement, today I&#039;m there five months out of bed, I made a website to help people with depression .  Mywhole story it almost suicide etc. ). My doctor suggested ESKALITH"
"I started taking this pill on May 9th and started at 242lbs today July 27th I am 205lbs. I fell great hope to lose about 50 lbs more."
"Used to be on Vicodin but addictive. Decided to go otc with sleep aid 50mg. Worked great. I&#039;ll be going down to 25 mg after a week of use until I can just use valerian root. But it does work for me."
"This drug has been a lifesaver to me. It&#039;s helped provide me with mood stability with an antidepressant effect, whereas lithium only controlled the mania part of my mood. I use this in combination with other drugs  and so far there hasn&#039;t been any side effects. I tried decreasing the dosage, and within 2 days I noticed a difference in my mood. I would definitely recommend this drug. This has made a difference in my mood, the way I think, and my overall perspective. This improved my motivation to get work done, since I wouldn&#039;t be just sitting around reminiscing in a negative thought loop. It gives me mental freedom and allows me to escape brain fog that has imprisoned my thoughts. Seriously, don&#039;t be afraid to try this drug"
"this medicine potentially saved my life! i had no appetite. in three days i lost 7 pounds! my wife took me to the ER, test were ran, and the physician prescribed Zorfan 4 mg and it worked. within ten minutes i was eating a turkey burger with garlic oven fries. my anxiety is gone as well. I would recommend this medicine to my friends and family. MV"
"Just took second dose and was only able to get 3/4 without throwing up. This stuff is awful which is how I ended up here. At least I know I&#039;m not the only one that couldn&#039;t get it down. The only reason I gave it a 2 was that it worked.  Never again."
"I am on day 15 of taking Contrave. I took one pill/day for the first 10 days &amp; have been on 2/day for these last 5. Days 1-6: gnawing headache at least once/day; insatiable thirst; significant constipation. During that time, I had decreased appetite, but I think that may have been due to the constipation-there is just nowhere for the food to go! After &quot;clearing&quot; things out with miralax I have a more normal, healthy appetite. No urge to binge and know when to stop. When I started 2 pills per day, I was again very thirsty, which is better in the last day or so. No headache with the increased dose. Down 2.4lbs, but I haven&#039;t exercised at all, so &quot;only&quot; 2.4lbs in 15days is perfectly fine with me. I look forward to seeing the long-term results."
"I have had excellent results with this medication and only minimum side effects ( occasional constipation. I am a long-time calcium channel blocker taker and so far it has been an excellent prescription."
"This patch works great. One tip when using it is make sure you constantly have food in your stomach. In the morning on an empty stomach it can make you feel sick. "
"Well I&#039;m 39 and have been having some unexplained weight loss. My doctors and I have been taking the steps to try to rule out what may be causing it. We have determined my gallbladder is bad, but the doc also wanted to do a Colonoscopy and an Upper Endoscopy to rule anything else out. Like some of the others I started my day with a liquid diet. It seems to help. The at 8pm was my first dose of Suprep. There is no comparison between taste and smell. It smells like cherries but has a very salty taste. About 30 minutes in it hit me for the first round. Not to bad. Once the initial dose and the 2-16oz bottles of water passed through, my trips seemed to slow down. My next dose was at 1am and again 2-16oz bottles of water. Be glad when I&#039;m done!"
"Do not take this medication!!! 30 Min after i took it. I had the worst stomach cramps and pains I have ever encountered. Finally after I got everything out I started feeling withdrawal symptoms. I tried to take my Methadone dose so the withdrawal would go away but it didn&#039;t help. Im sitting here right now wondering how long this shit stays in my system and thinking about how bad I want to curse my Dr. out. I just wanted to crap not go into full withdrawal. WTF"
"I  started  Wellbutrin ER a few months ago for depression. I had no energy and wanted to do nothing.  It has helped so much with the depression but my hands tremor.  I tried cutting back to once a day and couldn&#039;t tell much difference in the tremors. I asked my doctor to give me the XR (150mg)  so that I could take it just once a day. I  felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. I could even feel my lips quivering.  I like that it makes me feel better but don&#039;t like the tremors. I can&#039;t find anything documented as to whether they will go away in time or continue as long as I take it. I haven&#039;t taken it today and I have no tremors."
"Contrave does not control your apetite it mainly causes a lack of interest in food.  I am on my second month and have never felt good taking more than one pill a day.  I have lost 10 pounds, but I think it is more the daily weigh in that makes me more aware.  I hate the vivid dreams......more like nightmares.  I will finish out the second bottle of pills and than lose the rest on my own."
"This spray is a &quot;God Send&quot; for me.  It provided immediate relief to my severe case of vasomotor rhinitis.  I suffered from severe nose congestion,(so much so I almost could not breath), and post nasal drip which were immediately relieved."
"Great for the sinus infection. Feeling much better after a couple of days. However, on day 5 much tendon tenderness and tightness during exercise. I read about the side effects and this is one listed. It is worth it to get rid of the sinus infection."
"I have been using Nuvaring for about 6 months now.  In the beginning, everything was great.  I loved that you could always know which day you were going to start your period. Was easy to use. But over time, I noticed my face start to break out a little more, had weight gain and my vagina was always dry which led to problems within our sex life. My sexual drive also decrease.  As soon as I showed my husband all the side effects, he agreed that i have been experiencing all the side effects listed and he said i was getting off of it asap."
"So far I&#039;ve had a positive experience with this. I&#039;m on my second one. In March of 2017 I will have had it 6 years. No periods at all. NONE. No spotting. No depression. No mood swings. No hairloss. No decrease in sex drive. No pregnancy&#039;s. I will say I&#039;ve had a decrease in appetite and gained weight. I&#039;d say probably 30ish lbs in 5 years, but I wouldn&#039;t say it&#039;s been impossible to lose I&#039;ve been dieting for one month now and have lost 15lbs. I know that it isn&#039;t for everyone but it&#039;s been good for me insertion left minimal bruising the first time I had it done and on removal and reinsertion it bruised a little worse and was more sore but that&#039;s mainly from the first one being removed. I will be getting my 3rd one done in March. (:"
"Originally I started taking trazodone for insomnia, but was fearful of taking too much so I minimized my dose and that was a mistake.  I believe its important to take the amount that starts working consistently for you as you titrate up to a dose that starts working.  And you need to give it time to build up in your system. I&#039;m up to 250 mg when I go to bed, I will take another 50 mg and that tends to give me a couple hours more sleep if I wake up too early.  What&#039;s really amazing about this medicine is that I no longer struggle with depression or anxiety.  It keeps my brain in chemical balance and I think clearly with no side effects, except I&#039;m a little tired in the morning.  So I drink a big cup of coffee and that helps."
"The best for clearing up a yeast infection.  Got some relief in a few hours with no side effects.  Have taken many times and totally clears things up within a couple of days.  Such a great alternative to the messy suppositories."
"I have anxiety disorder but I take it to sleep. It works very well to get a good night&#039;s sleep. One 50 mg pill at bedtime."
"Everything is great. I&#039;ve had it for about two and a half months, no bad side effects. I&#039;ve gained like four pounds, but it&#039;s not the end of the world. I&#039;ve also had lots of spotting, which is expected and that should stop since I haven&#039;t had Nexplanon for very long. Besides those two things, nothing bad and I love it."
"I have been taking low dose birth control pills for 4 years. Trinessa Lo isn&#039;t too bad.
Pros - very light period, easy to swallow, very little weight gain &lt;10lbs (which is very important to me)
Cons - PMS seems to start earlier than previously, so emotional, hard for me to remember (even with an alarm set on my phone)
In conclusion, I am going to have Mirena (IUD) put in soon. I just think it is time for me to try something else. Also, my schedule has gotten much more hectic and I am forgetting the pills more often. Overall not a bad pill."
"I began taking this drug at 25 mg and worked my way up to 200 mg a day, 100 mg in the morning and 100 mg at night. At first this drug was amazing but it had to be supplemented with sumatriptin in case it didn&#039;t fulltake stop the migraine. I didn&#039;t loose any weight, but what I did loose was the ability to remember sharp details that I would have been able to before, I would loose feeling in my feet, my legs, my handson, and my arms, and in the worst of it the dizziness got so severe that my vision blacked out. I would not recommend this drug to anyone. This drug may fix your migraines, but it will give you 1000 more problems."
"Best birth control I&#039;ve been on. It&#039;s the only one that hasn&#039;t caused migraines for me. I have light spotting or no period at all each month. My mood has greatly improved. No weight gain. No acne. Only drawback has been decreased sex drive, but not enough to make a huge difference. Highly recommend this pill."
"I have suffered with endometriosis since I was 16 years of age... needless to say they did full histerectomy at 34 years of age,  and still suffered painful sex after having my hormones shots each month , I was still having pain, ,, my doctor prescribed this cream and so far so good. Hopefully it continues to help me, this is embarrassing to women especially at this age. .."
"It changed my life.  I was 80% covered with psoriasis.  I used Embrel for a period and it worked well. My insurance switched me to Humira.  It is less frequent treatment.  After having psoriasis from 1977 to 2010, I am now completely clear."
"On lisinopril 10mg &amp; bendroflumethiazide 2.5mg. This dropped my blood pressure from 165/110 to 140/90. I had been avoiding increasing the lisinopril to 20mg. In addition to family history of hypertension, I was 115kg (I&#039;m 6&#039; age 47). 
Gradually over past 7 months got weight down to 80kg. Diet, regular cardio (cross trainer) and anaerobic (weights). Stopped the diuretic. BP 130/80.
Initially side effects were persistent, dry coughing but that stopped when I quit smoking. Occasionally a little light-headed a few hours or so after taking. No other problems with lisinopril. 
The diuretic was a pain, getting up 2-4 times at night for a pee.
Can&#039;t recommend enough the combination of weight loss &amp; exercise"
"After partying almost 30 years in a successful, trouble free life, I began taking antabuse pills a few years ago without a recovery program.  I was told about vivitrol and it interested me in quitting my prescription hydrocodone, benzo, and drinking. My 1st shot was 10 days ago and it does make your mind content. I can tell the drug is wrapped around my receptors. If I where to attempt to take a drink....it feels like I already had one. Not taking pills is no big deal either. I still take a sleep aid at night and Aleve  or Ibuprofen for anything else. I. Am now experiencing eating and sleeping like I&#039;ve seen normal people do all my life.  A spiritual feeling should come along with that for those of you who are willing to make a change."
"Pros: Works well keeping me alert, no significant downer when drug wears off, can be used on an as needed basis. Cons: EXPENSIVE!"
"This is an update from an earlier post. 4 pumps works so well my doctor is backing me off to 3 pumps. I have found Fortesta works for me better than the generic that my pharmacy was giving me. Changed pharmacies and got the name brand-generics just don&#039;t seem to do it for me.

I found some decent information on YouTube about weight loss while on testosterone and a couple of people pointed out that if you are overweight before starting TRT, you may end up also producing estrogen and not be able to lose weight. This did happen to me and being almost 50 has forced me to change my diet.

Finally started losing weight and my free test numbers have gone through the roof. I am surprised at how much information is available. Not from doctors..."
"I started Suboxone 13 days ago after being addicted to opiates for about 2 plus years.  I was like the rest of them buying them off the streets and runnig up about a $150.00 - $200.00 a day habit.  I was stealing money from my husband and my parents and literally could not talk to my kids without screaming by evening.  I agree Suboxone is a life saver but I would like to eventually get off them but I know without them I would still be using more and more every day.  I love my husband again and enjoy my children.  I do suggest however going to NA meetings or therapy so you do not feel alone and have someone else you can talk to if the urge ever arises.  No real urges in 13 days.  Good Luck to all."
"Have fought low Testosterone levels for 10  years (starting in my mid-30&#039;s).  T-level range untreated=&lt;200.   Initially, used Testim but it was much too sticky with transfer concerns and because my body did not absorb it well my levels would never get above low-normal.  Was on Striant for several years and it works pretty well but dosing is 2x per day so I could not handle using in evening (kept me awake, anxious, etc).  Two months ago, I was prescribed Axiron and it&#039;s the best testosterone replacement!  Applying under the arm eliminates most or any transfer concern and because it&#039;s alcohol based, it dries quickly.  I did switch to spray deodorant because roll-ons became sticky.  Most important, I feel great all day and evening and my levels are 500&#039;s which seem to be  my best."
"Amazing! Currently on doxy and onexton. To keep this short I will say I&#039;ve been on tons of other creams and gels and even accutane twice and nothing has worked this quick for me. 
My current combo has significantly flatted out my spots in a week. I am still getting a few new ones but I dab some onexton on there and bam. Within 24hrs those pesky spots either shrink or come to a head. I usually have to wait weeks for those under skin ones to go away but this stuff clears them up in a day or so. Yesterday morning I felt a new spot coming up and by nighttime it was gone. Crazy!"
"I am Alfie Lewis from Luxembourg I Never believed i was ever going to be HIV Negative again,Dr Olori has given me reasons to be happy, i was HIV positive for 2years and all the means i tried for treatment was not helpful to me, but when i came on the Internet i saw great testimony about Dr Olori on how he was able to cure someone from HIV, this person said great things about this man, and advice we contact him for any Disease problem that Dr Olori can be of help, well i decided to give him a try, he requested for my information which i sent to him, and he told me he was going to prepare for me a healing portion, which he wanted me to take for days, and after which i should go back to the hospital for check up, well after taking all the trea"
"Added 40 mg/day to Wellbutrin. I don&#039;t space out anymore, and actually do things start to finish. 
My doctor said Wellbutrin may decrease the effect of stims, and lengthen effective time. 
I don&#039;t experience any crashes with this combo, but have noticed that some effects from the Wellbutrin are a little less. 

This combo is for me for now, but expect will need to change as tolerance grows. Needed 20mg in the AM to begin therapeutic effects. 

Definitely could go to bed while on this, don&#039;t seem to experience any of the common side effects, or any speediness.

Actually increased my appetite (Wellbutrin suppressed)"
"I was on Lexapro awhile ago, but stopped taking it.  Then my anxiety and panic attacks started coming back, and the doctor wanted to try me on Zoloft.  I experienced horrible side effects, and it made my anxiety worse.  I said I didn&#039;t want to take a medicine that causes me MORE anxiety!  I asked if I could PLEASE go back on Lexapro, it had a couple of side effects but nothing like Zoloft.  This is my 3rd day on it again, and already I can tell a big difference.  I would rather take medicine to make me feel normal again than try to tell myself I don&#039;t need it.  Because it&#039;s not worth spending life depressed and anxious over everything.  I would definitely recommend trying it, to improve the quality of life for an anxious personality."
"I was getting spikes in BP of 165/103. My doctor added 25mg of Hydralazine 3x daily to my Lisinopril 20mg and Metropolol 25mg 2x daily. BP spikes the same, Side effects of headaches, tiredness, lack of concentration. Too much Meds with no good results. Going back to him to get a better plan."
"I&#039;m a 27 year old male. I&#039;ve had HPV for maybe 5 years from what I know. My ex gf gave it to me. I have two small genital warts on the area between my scrotum and anus. It&#039;s such a weird area. The area is itchy and rashing. My doctor treated it early on but it was temporary. He just prescribed me with Zyclara. I just applied my first dose and within not even a minute after crawling into bed, I started to feel weird. I knew something was wrong. I got insanely nauseous, my heart started beating fast like I was anxious, I started sweating and I almost passed out. I was freaking out. I got up and looked in the mirror and I was pale white. My eyes were dialated and I had trouble breathing. I wiped it off and now I&#039;m here writing this."
"I started taking Lyza because my doctor said it would be better to get on a birth control pill with only one hormone due to history of high blood pressure on my Dad&#039;s side of the family. I repeatedly said I did not want to switch as my body was perfectly adjusted to the Aubra...but my doctor insisted I try it. I am 1 month in and I stopped taking it last night. I refuse to take one more pill. I hoped this would work for me but all I had were negative side effects that I have NEVER had (and I have been on birth control pills for 10 years!) I spotted the whole month... Continuous spotting. I was extremely bloated and gained 5lbs since I started taking it. I had horrible cramps, broke out, was moody, and it killed my sex drive."
"I used to take Tri-Sprintec but my pharmacy switched me to Tri-Previfem. I have been on it for about a year and at first it was alright but after a few months, I noticed things were starting to change. I started feeling depressed, developing anxiety, and I noticed my libido was declining. I didn&#039;t really think much of it but now, it is getting worse and worse. I have been having anxiety attacks, which I never had before taking this. I have been more depressed than ever before. And don&#039;t even get me started on my libido. I am only 21 and I never want to have sex any more. I have been with my boyfriend for 5 years and I used to always want to do it. Now, it seems like I have to force myself to do anything and I shouldn&#039;t have to do that."
"I&#039;ve tried, quite literally, every medication there is for panic disorder and Klonopin is the only one that works for me.  After being confined to just two rooms in my house for a year (yes... I was scared to go into the other rooms), I&#039;m now able to go outside and even drive up to twenty miles from my house without a &quot;support person&quot; (three years later).  My first panic attack was while driving and I totaled a car, so this has been a MAJOR improvement for me. I am prescribed 2mgs three times daily but only take 500mcgs as needed, unless I&#039;m having a rush of panic attacks and need to take it preemptively for a few days, because I don&#039;t want to develop a low level tolerance.  It&#039;s given me my life back."
"I highly recommend Depo. I was on it for a little over 2 years (which is not recommended). I didn&#039;t have a period, which I loved, and I only had to go in and get it every three months, which was also very nice. The only reason I stopped Depo was in order to try and get pregnant. Once I am done having kids/take a break from having kids, I will definitely go back to Depo. I also didn&#039;t have many side effects from Depo, just breakthrough bleeding some months."
"I am using the 3 day Combo pack of the suppositories and cream. I was able to go about a week not knowing what was going on. I finally went to the doctor who said to try the 7.  I&#039;d like to say that the area was raw, but not from itching/ irritating it myself. I believe many are having issues with burning because of that. I took a shower, laid on my bed inserted the suppository, put on &quot;granny panties&quot; and a light pantyliner and laid there and waited for the pain to start. NEVER happened. Around 30 minutes later I rolled over and went to bed. DID NOT put on the cream though just to not experience double burning. When i woke up in the morning I felt better down there and only had small amount of leakage.Try the suppositories instead of cream"
"Just started it today. Doctor wants to stop the Haldol and taper off the Zyprexa. I also take something for ADD which helps the intrusive thoughts which then allows me to finally concentrate. No nausea as others have stated and just a mild sleepiness. See doctor in 2 weeks."
"When I first started taking this at 5mg twice daily (10mg daily total) for generalized anxiety disorder, I was an absolute zombie, especially in the morning after taking my first dose. I was dizzy and unable to think straight. I was useless and confused at work, making my anxiety worse. Once I cut down to 2.5mg at bedtime, it was perfect for me. The ability to sleep well helped me to make better food choice, exercise more, and think more clearly. If I had more severe anxiety that needed stronger management, I don&#039;t think this medicine would have been appropriate for me, but it was great for my situation. I discontinued use during pregnancy but plan to revisit it as an option once I finish breastfeeding."
"Am on a cross-over from Venlafaxine to Mirtazipine due to the libido-destroying qualities I experienced with the former. If ever there was a passion killer list then Venlafaxine would rate up there with halitosis.  It is  great anti-depressant but top of the flops in the pants department.
Started on 30mgs Mirtazipine the other day and two things hit me straight away..... food and serenity.
Will keep it going as am sure the initial &#039;hit&#039; will subside and I&#039;ll rejoin my body sometime but certainly if the libido matches the serenity then &#039;hello baby!&#039;"
"I bought Monistat -1. So I made the mistake of not looking up reviews before I bought the product. I used it and about 10 minutes later I looked up reviews and found that it makes 90% of the women who have used it have had burning, soreness and itching 10x worse than before using the product. Apparently it&#039;s not the infection it&#039;s your body reacting to the strong dosage of medicine . Needless to say I went and tried to get this product out of me. It already dissolved from this like pill form to cream so it was definitely harder to get out. I&#039;m scared I&#039;m going to wake up like these women tomorrow with burning itchy hell ."
"OK I&#039;m glad to know what  I&#039;m experiencing doesn&#039;t sound as bad as some of you.....so far. I just took the one day treatment just now and came on the Internet to see if this horrible itching is normal. Glad to see it is. But I&#039;m not having burning so far, and it seems that is its subsiding slowly. But man I didn&#039;t itch before I put this crap in. And I&#039;ve taken this kind of treatment before and I don&#039;t remember any itching or burning, so this is new to me. I&#039;m hoping I feel better by tomorrow."
"I have been on Xanax for about 8 months after a very difficult period in my life. Xanax helped me very well in the beginning of threatment but quickly tends to lose its beneficial effects. The development of tolerance is a major issue with all benzodiazepines and seems to build fast with Xanax / alprazolam. I had to increase my dose from 0.5 mg twice a day to 2 mg three times a day. Tapering off can be difficult."
"I love Apri. A friend recommended Apri and as soon as I picked up my prescription that is when my love affair with Apri began. Prior to taking Apri, I had severe PMS (irregular periods, depression 1 week before and 1 week after my period, horrible cramps, acne) so my doctor suggested a birth control to help regulate my PMS symptoms. After taking Apri, my acne has completely cleared up, no weight gain, 3 day periods with light bleeding, and no depression. I haven&#039;t noticed increased bust size and no change in my sexual desires. I do have increased discharge. But that would be the only bad side effect."
"I got the implanon when I was 18. At first I had no bleeding. Few months later I had regular periods and terrible mood swings. I have no idea how my boyfriend at the time put up with it. I then started to have long and heavier periods lasting about two weeks. My normal period is 4 days. But after that I wouldn&#039;t have a period for months. Then the heavy bleeding. Now I&#039;m just spotting. Had a nasty discharge with this. Freaked me all the way out. Still have this problem and it&#039;s due to come out in the fall. Over all. Very effective."
"Have had Nexplanon for a year.
Pros: No pregnancy, no daily pill, no headaches, no mood swings, no loss of sex drive, long stretches w/no period.
Cons: Terrible insertion experience, lengthy periods, weight GAIN!!!
Insertion - First off, getting this thing inserted was a nightmare. I had to go back about 4 times due to pain, infection and immobility in my arm. Now I have scars/keloids so bad I am considering a tattoo to cover them.
Cycle - Long stretches w/no period, but when I do get it, it lasts for 2 weeks-1 month!
Weight - Had Norplant for years and NO side effects. I heard of others having weight gain but I never did. With Nexplanon, I have gained 30 pounds and NOTHING I DO takes the weight off. Strongly considering getting it removed."
"So this is my second time on this birth control. When I took it correctly I wouldn&#039;t have many periods and never super painful. I&#039;m terribly sensitive to most birth controls. My migraines were so bad they thought I had a tumor. But it was too much estrogen in the birth control. The first time went well but I was taken off of it due migraines again with auras. But later I figured out it was biotin instead. So far I&#039;m 4 months on this and my skin hasn&#039;t looked healthier in the past 6 months. My periods are more like two days of light cramping and then brown sludge for 3 to 4 days. I&#039;ll gladly take that over other periods for sure. For me this works because it&#039;s such a low dose."
"I just removed the implanon today after having it for 3 years. This implanon really works if you want to avoid getting pregnant. The first month of using it, I got a cyst. I was told it&#039;s due to hormonal changes for using the implanon. I didn&#039;t remove it. 
For the last three years while on it, I suffered from hair dryness and hair loss. My breast size went from C cup to F. I get spotty period that lasted 3 weeks alternating with a week of no period. I struggled to lose weight even with very regular exercise and no carb diet. The only way to lose some is when I didn&#039;t eat anything at all. I was a size 6 but now I am a size 22. 
Today I went to remove it and it was painless, The cyst were no longer there. No, I will not use it again."
"given Clindamycin  after infected tooth pulled. on day 5 of 7 ,300 mg every 8 hours. I have IBS and diverticulosis anyway, but do seem to be having more diarrhea.  last night I thought I was going to die, not really , but I almost wished I would. First of all my whole digestive track felt very irritated.. my jaw, ear , throat and whole right side of my face was hurting worse than it did before.  managed to sleep for awhile but awoke with that side of my face feeling like it was on fire. No fever though. I put an ice pack on it .I felt fine this morning. To me it seemed like all the infection came to a head and must have drained or something . IF ANYONE HAS BAD DIARRHEA DON&#039;T FOOL AROUND SEE DR ASAP  it could be C DIF and can be fatal !"
"I started Phentermine 37.5 on Sunday, April 30th 2017. I am 5&#039;6 and 210 lbs. My issue is that a year ago I started a desk job and I packed the pounds on quickly. I have always been a bigger person but I have never been this big. I always thought about food all day - wondering when and what my next snack/meal was going to be.  I should mention that I have been splitting these pills in half per my doctor. The first day I took it  I had lots of energy and no appetite. Like a switch flipped in my brain and suddenly I wasn&#039;t thinking about food and my stomach wasn&#039;t growling. I never eat breakfast, just drink my daily coffee and have been eating a fruit cup from lunch and then I eat dinner as usual with the family.  I&#039;ve lost 4 lbs so far!"
"Several years ago around 2004, Wellbutrin (brand name) helped my depression.  Here recently, I was taking the generic Bupropion (Wellbutrin). I recently changed again to the real Wellbutrin along with 1 mg Abilify and the results have been amazing!"
"Hey guys. I&#039;m giving an update from 10/20/16. I am 5&quot;3 and My starting weight was 300 lbs. I am taking phentermine 37.5 mg capsule once a day since then. I am being weighed weekly at the doctors office. The first weight in was on 10/27/16 and I was weighed in at 291. So in one week I lost 9 pounds. Today, 11/3/16 I was weighed at 284.6 pounds. I lost 7 pounds for that week. So total amount of weight loss in a 2 week period I have lost 15.4 pounds. Now I do have extreme dry/cotton mouth and also numb/tingling hands and face. Not sure what the deal is with that but upon looking at the side affects that is a side affect listed. I&#039;ll keep updating."
"This drug made me so sick with flu symptoms that my doctor agreed to stop it after only three weeks.  My MS symptoms became debilitating and improved soon after stopping the medication."
"So this was my first time self treating a Y.I, I used the monistat 3 day treatment with the cream applicator. It immediately stopped my itching and I haven&#039;t had any problems with the burning sensation like some of the other users."
"Love, love, love this drug. Spent seven months in total depression and attempted suicides.  Tried four other antidepressants which didn&#039;t help. Effexor saved my life literally. Started working within 3 days at a dose of 300mg. I&#039;m now happy, not anxious, not depressed, not suicidal. I&#039;m back to being me.   No nausea or major side effects, apart from low libido which is common for this class of medication and insomnia.  Works for those who genuinely need serotonin to be be restored to their brain.  Worth a shot, if other medications have failed."
"I have always had over bleeding issues and have used many different estrogens throughout the years. This one immediately gave me a very short cycle and the following month no bleeding at all. I couldn&#039;t be happier. No symptoms otherwise. I also would like to note that the pills go into the last week farther than a standard birth control packet, meaning less days to bleed,followed by a two day dose of iron. What more could a girl wish for."
"I feel psychotic! I had a baby two months ago and needed a low dose estrogen pill. I feel overwhelmed, anxious, bloated and very emotional. After having an emotional breakdown over nothing, I am stopping this immediately. "
"I am a week into this.  I shower in the morning and after completely drying, squirt half of the tube on each shoulder then rub in and around until it is spread with my first two fingers so not to waste it on my hands.  I then wait as long as I can prior to putting on a shirt so it can completely dry.  Just a little odor and not noticeably sticky. 

I feel less tired but it is still very early to say."
"I also switched to the respiclick. It was zero help. It did nothing to open my airways. I didn&#039;t work what so ever. The regular HFA works like a charm. I don&#039;t understand how so many people suffer from lung problems and the pharmaceutical companies make this medication so expensive. This medication should be on the $4 plan at Walmart and Target. I have to pay 50 every month which is expensive and that&#039;s with insurance."
"I was on the Ortho Evra patch for a couple years and after the first 3 months of your body adjusting to it, (which you are forewarned about) just regular side effects, mood swings, regular cramps (when your time is almost near) and I believe it gave me a high sex drive. I&#039;ve been off of it for about 5 months and my sex drive plummeted dramatically. It&#039;s extremely convenient due to my forgetting to take the pill everyday. I usually put it on my pelvis and rotate sides each week."
"I switched from Bentyl to this because this is an extended release formula.  I tried it for 5 months and went back to Bentyl.  It didn&#039;t work any better and it dried me out so much I could hardly swallow.  After a bad flare up, I ended up at the ER and they thought I was very dehydrated but I wasn&#039;t, it was just the medicine.  I am going to talk with my GP about using something with phenobarbital as I have heard a lot of positive things about it.  I already take a migraine medicine with phenobarbital, so I should tolerate it well."
"It worked great far as not getting pregnant for 3 years, but I dealt with a lot of side effects: depression, mood swings, change of appetite, back pain, headache, an increase of discharge, and irregular periods"
"Been on this birth control for about 6 months now. I had tried so many other pills and everything gave me side effects like extreme anxiety, weight gain, high blood pressure, and breakthrough bleeding. When I switched to this one the only side effect I had was weight gain but now on my sixth pack I&#039;m starting to get really bad acne around my chin and forehead and my horrible menstrual cramps are back. Thinking about switching again. My poor skin has scars now:( It does however work to prevent pregnancy though."
"I initially suffered compression fractures of L1, L2, &amp; L3 with fractures of the vertebrae &amp; 20% disc space loss between L1 &amp; L2 &amp; L2 &amp; L3. Only 8 months later I had the unfortunate experience at a sporting goods store, a 240lb shelf fell directly on my head knocking me out cold for 30  seconds. That also led to a fractured C5, nerve damage, &amp; a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). I was lucky enough to get in to see 1 of the best pain management doctors, who was working out of a hospital in Denver at the time, and he put me on Roxicodone 30mg x 6/day and I&#039;ve never had a more effective medication! It truly made the pain vanish &amp; I could go about my day as normal. I moved to IL &amp; they drastically lowered my meds &amp; switched me to Dilaudid &amp; it isn&#039;t nearly as effective!"
"I take Humira for rheumatoid arthritis and so far it&#039;s the only medicine that works for me. I&#039;ve tried Plaquenil and methotrexate but they don&#039;t even touch the pain/swelling.  I began to feel relief the morning after the first shot of Humira. Don&#039;t let the instructions scare you. The shot is not painful. I let it stand on the counter 15 minutes before I give it so it&#039;s not so cold. My Doctor suggested that I sit in a straight back chair so that the abdominal area is already pinched and you&#039;ll have both hands free, then pick a spot on my stomach that&#039;s 2 inches away from the navel and just do as the directions explain. You won&#039;t feel the needle, but the medication will burn just a little.  I can&#039;t even say it hurts. Don&#039;t be afraid."
"After I had my baby in September, I decided to get Nexplanon. I got it implanted in November and had normal periods for about two months and then they stopped altogether!"
"I was on celexa for about a month. I started feeling very paranoid and started showing psychotic symptoms that I&#039;ve never had before. I ended up in the hospital for a week. I still have anxiety problems to this day. Be careful with this medication."
"I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and absolutely love Gianvi. This is my first birth control and I&#039;ve been on it for almost a year. I was diagnosed with PCOS and my gyno put me on the medication. For me, I was getting periods every 9 months which to some people is a dream. But not for me. Now that I&#039;ve been on the pill I do get it monthly and it lasts me about 4-5 days. And its done wonders for me. I&#039;ve lost weight, my blood pressure has decreased. Used to be in the 160&#039;s and my breast have gotten larger. I don&#039;t suffer from mood swings but I do get terrible cramps but easily taken care of. And for acne, my skin has always been somewhat dry so I haven&#039;t noticed a difference. I would recommended this for people."
"It actually works really well for me. Especially when I was an opiates user and didn&#039;t take any laxatives my stools were so hard and big that I would resist going as long as I could because I was so afraid of the pain. On average I wouldn&#039;t go for 2 to 3 weeks and there was once I didn&#039;t go for 2 months and had to go to the er. I&#039;m now taking a medicine to get off opiates called methodone and my bowel movements aren&#039;t nearly as painful but still give me problems. After taking miralax my bowels motions would come out with absolutely no pain but if you don&#039;t do it everyday it will keep happening"
"I have GAD with mild depression which caused a lot of tension in my shoulders and confused, muddled thinking with poor memory. I tend to be really irritable and short tempered with mood swings. I&#039;ve so far taken Cymbalta for about 4-5 months. My mood swings, irritability and temper have improved. I am able to think much more clearly and remember better. The bad, my social anxiety hasn&#039;t improved much and I gained about 5 pounds. Otherwise no side effects. It doesn&#039;t make me sleepy, spacey, numb, nor does it diminish my libido. It isn&#039;t a wonder drug but it&#039;s nice to have fewer side effects."
"Would not recommend. It might work for some women, but I personally bled heavily for two weeks straight every two weeks and the doctors told me I wasn&#039;t giving it enough time but it&#039;s been a year. Which is 1/3 of the time it can even be in there. If you haven&#039;t had children yet I wouldn&#039;t recommend it."
"Been on this med for 1 week.  30 mg.  Within hours I felt better.  I have fibromyalgia and depression.  Was on 30 mg Celexa for 18 years and it no longer worked.  Fibro became so bad I was afraid I would have to retire.  Couldn&#039;t work properly and difficulty concentrating in the office.  Went to a new doctor who recommended Cymbalta.  Started it in a.m. and by 3 p.m. the pain was starting to ease.  A miracle drug to me.  Stayed on 10 mg for 5 days along with the Cymbalta.  When stopped Celexa no withdrawal.  This med has changed my life.  The sun came out again.  Everyone reacts differently to meds so I won&#039;t say everyone should take, but it certainly has worked for me."
"I took plan B a little over 24 hours after un-protected sex. For some reason, I was dumb and didn&#039;t think about the possible consequences of not being on birth control, not using a condom, and possibly ovulating. I got my period about a week after I took the pill. It was a really weird period, with dark blood, and eventually more bleeding than I usually have (with clotting). Right after I took the pill, I had cramps which I freaked out about, only realizing later that my body was getting ready for a period. I was nervous that it wouldn&#039;t work, but getting my period a week later was 100% of the reassurance I needed. Worth the money- my only regret was not taking the pill sooner."
"Had a rip roaring oxycodone addiction, always chasing living in a nightmare, no money at all. Once I got on Suboxone life has done a 180. If you are in that cycle of addiction, go get Suboxone, you will not look back."
"I am 31. I have had Mirena for 3 1/2 years. I loved it. No periods, little cramping, no weight gain.  I run 3 miles a day 5-6 days a week and watch my diet.  About 6 months ago I got really sick with what I thought was ear infection...nope turns out I am suddenly retaining fluid in the bones in my ears. Pretty painful and I have to take a Diuretic to combat it. Although it is manageable with low salt diet and pills, it gets worse around my period, which has now started spotting randomly...about every 2 weeks. Sometimes I get a sharp pain, cramping and nausea. My back aches for no reason. I am suddenly gaining weight and my eyes are dry, I am always tired. I see the Doctor next week. I think its time to come out, we&#039;ll see. "
"I have been taking tramadol for 8 years.  Looking at all these reviews, my first response was that many of these folks are lying. However, maybe the effectiveness of this drug and its side effects are indeed all over the spectrum.  I researched the drug when first starting to use it and it had many fewer warnings and potential side effects then.  It was not considered a narcotic.  Here&#039;s my view.  It removed my pain which had me on the verge of suicide, sitting on the foot of my bed in tears.  It removed all my pain, 100% with absolutely no side effects at all.  No dizziness, sleepiness, nausea, withdrawal problems, tolerance  buildup at all.  Taking for 8 years now 100mg at 6:00am and 100mg at 6:00pm every day.  A miracle to me!"
"It has helped me like no other medicine I have ever been on. Almost to being a wonder drug. The only problem I have is the side effect of weight gain and swelling in three weeks. I&#039;ve gained 6 pounds and am so swollen in my legs trying to find a way to fight off the side effect. Will try anything. I feel like I have a quality of life with this medicine."
"This is great  stuff. I&#039;ve had vertigo for 48 years and this works better than the prescription medicine."
"I got the mirena in November 2015 and on February 23, 2016 I had horrible double over in pain type pain and cramps.  I didn&#039;t know what was going on and it got to the point where I couldn&#039;t move, walk or sit. I went to the dr and had blood drawn and a urinalysis. Both tests came back normal so the dr ordered an pelvic ultrasound. I had the ultrasound on March 2, 2016 just to be told that my iud not only moved but it broke. Part of it is poking my uterus and that&#039;s the pain and the other part is in there somewhere.  Well tomorrow March 3rd I will be having surgery to remove it. Hoping that she only has to remove it and doesn&#039;t have to do a hysterectomy. This is the worst experience ever and hopefully they ban this iud"
"I had been on makena since my 20 week so far it&#039;s been good no side effects and I&#039;m currently 35  weeks and 2 days now so Monday will be my last shot "
"At 10 mg my HbA1c dropped an entire point however I have only lost a lb or two over 3 months. Now I am up to 25 mg. I have dry mouth and peeing all the time. I take low dose Lisinopril to protect my kidneys. I am still on 2000 mg metformin daily. I weigh 160lbs and would love to drop 40-50 lbs."
"After taking a 30 mg tab one hour later felt like I was spinning and bp went up "
"As for me, I&#039;ve been struggling with allergic rhinitis and my doctor said it was hereditary so every now and then I have it when triggered with less sleep, stress and poor nutrition. Now to the results, it just works wonders for me since my rhinitis usually pairs with acute bronchitis so it&#039;s very hard for me to sleep because my nose is clogged and I have to breathe with my mouth and it can be one of the worst things because my cough would then be triggered by the dryness of my throat. Every time I take Iterax(Philippines brandname) I can finally sleep smoothly without being disturbed and helps with the itchy but hurting throat and clogged nose. Hope this helps. Been a living witness to this medication"
"I had a great experience using this product when using the appropriate skin care routine (using harsh products will make your skin peel and burn and can be frustrating even painful) I wanted to share what products works for my sensitive skin (I don&#039;t have any discomfort using differin since)


Clinic take the day off oil balm
fresh soy face cleanser
cotsco kirKlan makeup wipes (only makeup wipes gentle enough for my face)
after putting my eye cream and differin at night I moisturize with seaberry face oil moisturizer from fresh then follow with a lip balm."
"Im a 53 yr old PunkRocker. I drank for Forty Years and have been Sober 7 months, I take Gabapentin 300mg. 3x a day and I no longer have alcohol cravings with the help of this medicine and staying positive. Good Luck Everyone.Peace."
"So basically since I was around 20 (I&#039;m 36 now) I&#039;ve suffered from general anxiety and horrible panic attacks, really bad hypochondria. I&#039;ve gone to the hospital thinking I was dying of everything. I graduated from an Ivy League college and suffered the entire time. Finally I decided to bite the billet and try lexapro (brand name not generic). I started at 10mg and had a week of terrible side effects including: depression, couldn&#039;t cry, weird feelings hard to describe, insomnia, increased anxiety, fatigue, all around shaky feeling. I couldn&#039;t deal with it so I started to cut the pills in half to 5 mg- side effects went away except I have increased libido (it gets annoying). No panic attacks. Still have anxiety a little tiny bit."
"I am 55 male, my Atrial Fibrillation was getting worse, then on Oct 2012, I did not feel very well, so walked to the ER to have them take a look. Well, they said my heart rate was 170 and irregular, so they kept me there for 2 days, giving me medicine to slow it down. Then discharged with Diltiazem once a day. After 2 months, doc said let&#039;s try to fix the rhythm with cardioversion, so he gave me blood thinner for a month, and Flecainide 2 days before the cardioversion. On the day I was supposed to be cardioverted, my heart was back to sinus rhythm due to Flecainide. So doc told me to stay with Flecainide 100mg twice a day. Been 2 months now, feeling good, always in sinus.
Tomorrow going to see doc and ask him if I can go with 50mg twice daily, or entirely off."
"I&#039;m 22. Had been suffering with depression and a little social anxiety since I was about 12. I finally mustered up the courage to talk to a doctor and he prescribed me Prozac. I have been on it a month now and I&#039;m doing a whole lot better with the depression but not so much my anxiety. The first 2-3 days were the worst I have had in a long time. But after those I started feeling great. It makes me drowsy and I&#039;m able to have sex normally but I can never finish."
"As a working mom, I literally do not have time to nap during the day. It finally became enough of an annoyance that I saw a doctor for the first time in 7  years.  Moral of the story, I was diagnosed with narcolepsy and prescribed Nugivil (250mg).  I am not thrilled to be taking a (possibly addictive) medication the rest of my life, but I want to explore my other options (rather than consume 3 energy drinks/day). So far, I have only been on it a week and after the headaches and no sleep wore off, I now get only a short time where I feel like I am ALL there.  To say I gave it a fair shot, I am going to stick it out for a month."
"When I first started it I got really emotional &amp; would get irritated easily but that all subsided after the first month or so. No weight gain, no acne, no pregnancy lol. But about the only downfall to this medication is that if I don&#039;t eat quite a bit right before I take it, I&#039;ll wake up in the middle of the night feeling nauseous &amp; not able to go back to sleep. I can&#039;t just eat a cracker or some chips &amp; take it, my stomach has to be full. Different medications effect everyone differently so that might just be me but I&#039;m kinda curious as to whether anyone else has had this side effect from this medication?"
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for 6 months now...began at 25mg. and worked up to 75 mg.  I&#039;m a person who hates being on medicines, so I tapered off to 50 mg and then tried to go back down to 25 mg.  Unfortunately the symptoms came back, racing pulse and anxiety.  I&#039;m now back at 50 mg and feel even keel.  It has been humbling for me to admit that I need this medication and I dislike how it makes you feel dependent on it, but I also realize it is doing its job.  I have lost 5-10 pounds since starting it.  The first few weeks I was in a fog and suffered horrible headaches and nausea, but per my doctor&#039;s words those symptoms did subside.  I&#039;ve not had a single panic attack since starting Zoloft.  "
"Tinidazole worked within a few hours of taking it no side affects just a miracle cure. bearing in mind I have already taken 2g of metronidazole 2 weeks ago (no side affects with this either I think I must have the constitution of an ox) and the symptoms cleared a little after a week but returned. I reckon although this was more expensive it was worth it. Please don&#039;t be scared to take these meds. Don&#039;t read too much into reviews, I did and scared myself. Everyone will have different experiences. But I am just thankful we have these cures."
"I love this birth control. With all 4 of my children, I start taking this pill daily 6 weeks post partum. I&#039;ve nursed all my children for over a year. With my first 3, I never had a period until my child weaned around 13 months old.  My 4th is 10 month old and I just started a period. Not sure why but not worried about it.  This time we also use condoms for extra protection but we didn&#039;t with the other 3 and we never had any surprise pregnancies. Effective and I&#039;ve never had any noticeable side effects other than being less moody and more even keel. Normally no cramping, spotting, nothing.  Great method for us. I&#039;ll probably continue using it after my dd weans and use condoms as well."
"Best pain medication I have ever had."
"I started the victosa 20/3/17 I have been taking it for a few weeks now was on 0.6 and now I have increased  to 1.2 I had some side effects like nausea and constant sulphur burps they calmed down after about a week I am over 10 pounds down in nearly 3 weeks and also feel full throughout the day and night :)"
"My acne was horrible and literally hurt. I had huge zits all over my chin, back and face. Going on Claravis wasn&#039;t easy, but I&#039;ve been off it for 2 months and haven&#039;t had one zit yet. It changed my life and boosted my self confidence extraordinarily. I get compliments on my skin all the time and I am so so so so SO thankful for Claravis - it was my miracle and I know without it my skin would have never ever been this beautiful."
"I have been using oxycontin for approximately for 5 years, without any major dramas. Some minor constipation in the beginning but sorted that out fairly quickly. "
"I don&#039;t think it&#039;s that bad... yet.  I&#039;ve only had one shot on June 2, 2017, so maybe it hasn&#039;t happened yet?  maybe?  Sure, I have leg and muscle pains, but I did before too.  There isn&#039;t anything unusual to report... but it hasn&#039;t been even two months yet.

This shot is not like Forteo which is absolutely the best osteoporosis shot imaginable... but you can only take that a couple years max.

The biggest complaint I can think of with this stuff is that you will lose bone mass really, really fast and be much more likely to fracture once you stop taking it for six months.  And that is a scary thought.  For that I give it a 6,0"
"It did help a bit, but you really have to watch out for side effects. I recommend starting a mood journal if you haven&#039;t already while taking this medicine. It made me very violent without realizing it."
"It works!!!!!!"
"I took 4-250mg during 1 meal.  My doctor said that this dose was enough for me to clear the infection. I am 5&#039;3, 170lbs. To avoid stomach pain, vomiting or nausea, she suggested that I take 2 bites of my meal, take a pill.....2 more bites, take a pill and so forth. It worked well!"
"I have used Prozac for premenstrual dysphoric disorder, anxiety, panic disorder and depression and it has helped a lot.  When I first started the drug, I lost 25 lbs, I think due to the fact that I felt better. My panic attacks were gone and I could actually feel the drug calming me down.  Prozac got rid of my PMS and PMDD completely. With Prozac I can even think more clearly and I am more alert and think quickly in stressful situations, instead of being stressed out and in a panic. The only side effects are that after I went back to the drug after being off of it for a while, the weight loss stopped and I had to watch that I did not gain weight.  Also, the sexual side effects, but aphrodisiacs help a lot."
"&quot;Graduated&quot; to codeine after finding paracetamol and aspirin were not doing it for my foot (varicose) ulcer pain. Helpful in small doses, but I was surprised at the level of drowsiness it caused, even when off the drug for more than 24 hours. Also, eating lots of fruit is helping to alleviate some of the constipation I was warned about."
"I have Atrial Fibrillation and thought I would try Eliquis due to its superior safety protocol.  I have only been on it for 2 weeks but after the first several days, I have noticed an increasing burning/flushing sensation similar to a sun burn over most of my body.  I have not had any gastrointestinal upset.

I will continue to take Eliquis for a few more days but may have to discontinue it."
"I have been afflicted with hyperhidrosis for over a decade. A pharmacist told me about Drysol. I followed the products directions, and applied it before bed time for three consecutive nights. To test it I ate very spicy food. In the past my head would have been drenched, but it was totally bone dry. Drysol is a God send! It is truly a miracle cure. I will follow the directions and apply it once or twice a week. It really alters and shrinks the sweat glands. I can&#039;t say enough great things about this fabulous product. My life has really changed for the better. Thanks from the bottom of my heart Drysol makers!"
"My daughter suffered from depression and anxiety and had tried SSRIs. We thought this might help give her more energy and feel better since it affects dopamine. However, over the summer her anxiety got worse. At college her anxiety got even worse. She became paranoid and even started hearing voices. She ate very little and slept very little. She stopped going to classes and had suicidal thoughts. She called me and said she felt constantly &quot;jittery,&quot; so I told her to get off the drug. Basically, it increased her energy and made her mood much worse. I don&#039;t recommend this for someone who suffers from anxiety since it affects norepinephrine - the fight or flight response."
"I love my gabapentin I currently take 800mgs 4 daily I&#039;ve been taking them for around 4 years... my whole family suffers from anxiety and my mother was the first to take it who recommended me to tell my doc because antidepressant just didn&#039;t work for me. So I asked and I&#039;m glad I did.. I watched my whole family also abuse xanax and I refused to go down that road. So I&#039;m perfectly happy with it"
"Promethazine was prescribed twice to me for mild sedation by my neurological doctor. I tried in in doses between 10mg  and higher. This doesn&#039;t make me drowsy unless I&#039;d had pain also and taken  an opioid with it. The only effect I received was the taste of it. The second time it was given to me instead of zopiclone. Still, no effect.
I tried it once as a treatment for nausea; 40mg. didn`t work."
"I was given xanax in the hospital when people at work thought I was having a heart attack. My anxiety shot up so bad, my heart rate was 170. Been on 2 mg a day ever since (this happen 2 months ago). I only take 1 1/2 mg a day &amp; it works for me.  I feel like I have control of my life again.  I have heard stories &amp; seen people on it who over take it but if you take it as prescribed,  it works."
"I had Implanon inserted in May 2009. The procedure was quick and painless. The only difficulty at that time was finding a practitioner trained in the insertion method.  The first two years on Implanon were wonderful, no periods, cramping, or other symptoms. Very worry free and effective.  Starting the 3rd year-when the dosage is decreased, I began having my period every other week for nearly 6 months now.  They are not light or spotty but full periods with all the symptoms.  I&#039;m now deciding to remove Implanon early because of this. "
"After having unwanted side affects with two other statins, my PCP suggested trying Crestor.  This was about 6 years ago.  Since then, as he states it, I could be the poster boy for Crestor.  At only a 5mg/day dosage my cholesterol level has dropped from ~290 to consistently below 200 with no side affects.  My only concern is there is no generic alternative and it is VERY expensive when the insurance companies declare that it&#039;s not in their formulary of preventive medications.  I&#039;ve been lucky that my PCP has been able to convince the ins co that I can&#039;t tolerate an alternative, so have not had to pay for the medication for the past several years (treated as preventative).  That&#039;s changing now that I&#039;m retired and have to go to new insurance"
"Did not work for my anxiety and made it difficult to maintain an erection."
"Anxiety has been crazy since moving cities and hard finding work. I can&#039;t calm down. Started lexapro or the generic brand  at 10mg a day. Had orgasm problems first like 4-5 days hard to urinate. Mild head ache. And vivid dreams. But I stuck it out after two weeks side effect mostly went away and doctor instructed to up it to 20mg a day and now I honestly feel no extra side effects most have all gone away already by week 3. I feel a little better about being able to control my anxiety and intrusive thoughts. But still feel kinda depressed and anti social. I&#039;m gonna keep trying tho. Its helped the anxiety already so I think it&#039;ll take longer for everything to settle in. I take it at night cause it makes it sleepy. Wake up fine the next day."
"I was started on Avinza after back surgery. It took a bit to get an effective dose as I had back pain of 8 on a 1-10 scale, constantly. Since finding the correct dose for me, my doctor has only had to increase the Avinza once. I also take Lortab 10/500 on the average of once a day for breakthrough pain. This keeps the pain under control and I can work still. If it weren&#039;t for this drug, I would not be able to move without excruciating pain."
"I&#039;ve had mine in for over six months now, and I love it. My periods were light before insertion and I&#039;ve never had cramps. For the first three months after insertion, my periods were very heavy, but the blood flow has decreased every time. Still no cramps. Very painful first day of insertion, but 100% worth it. I also love how there are no hormones and its long lasting. Would highly recommend. But, if you don&#039;t mind hormones and have a heavy flow, go with the Mirena"
"I went to the ER for pain in my lower back &amp; my stomach. The Dr said I had an UTI which I didn&#039;t think that was the case cause I didn&#039;t have the symptoms of a UTI. Anyways, I started using the pills (Antibiotics) &amp; about an hour of using it I felt nauseas, dizzy &amp; started vomiting,itch all over my body &amp; also I lost my appetite. I throw the pills away, I don&#039;t recommend them at all. I never have been allergic to any medication in my life."
"I am highly surprised at all the negative  reviews of this pill. It&#039;s in unfortunate that so many women have had a negative experience with this. As for me, this is by far one of the best birth control pills I have ever taken. I started taking this three months ago as a form of cycle control. I skipped the placebo pills for the last three months.
 Honestly, I haven&#039;t had any issues with mood swings&#039;s, in fact I felt happier which is an interesting side effect.  Normally when I start a pill pack, the first three days are extremely nauseating. With this pillpack, I did not have any nausea. I also had an extremely high sex drive.  Based on my experience I would recommend them to a friend. Glad I didn&#039;t Read the reviews first or else I would&#039;ve turned them down. Keep an open mind everybody&#039;s body will react differently."
"After taking Ropinorole I started binge eating, uncontrollable spending, Itching and various other side effects. My restless legs were controlled with 2mg  but it did nothing for the same problem taking 2 x 0.5 mg of Ropinorole. I have to go back to my doctor and see what can be done."
"The best by far of pain medication I have taken.  I like that it lasts all day.  I take the 30mg for osteoarthritis pain and neck degenerative disk pain. It makes me able to live my life. The BEST!"
"I hate Aubra! It has been affective in preventing pregnancy which is obviously the great part. However, my sex drive has drastically decreased, I&#039;ve been cramping since week 2, I&#039;ve been extremely emotional, and now I&#039;ve been menstruating longer than usual (it has always been 3-4days now I&#039;m on day 6). My appetite has definitely increased especially closer to me menstruating. I&#039;m just not enjoying this birth control at all! I will not be starting a new pack!"
"I started Zoloft 3 weeks ago, very skeptical about how effective it would be for me. My anxiety was through the roof every second of the day. I was also taking Ativan 1mg twice a day to be able to function.  3 weeks later i am a new man.  The first week will be tough as i experienced nausea and completely lost my appetite.  Lost 10 pounds in a matter of a week and a half.  Trust in the medicine and let it work its magic.  I am currently tapering off Ativan because Zoloft is doing its job"
"Well I just started taking Prozac to help me deal with depression and anxiety.  I returned from from a tour in Iraq about three months ago and my symptoms kept getting worse and worse.  I&#039;ve been taking Prozac for about a week now and I&#039;m already feeling relief from it. It&#039;s like all the problems are still there, they just dont get to me like they used to. It&#039;s been very helpful so far."
"I had my gallbladder taken out 2 years ago, after 18 years of having stomach issues and pain and several doctor visits, they told me I needed to have the surgery and get my gallbladder taken out, then the doctor told me I had irritable bowel syndrome, he told me I would not be able to eat anything greasy because if I did it would go right through me, well I stopped eating greasy foods and ate grilled chicken all the time! It gets old, I started loosing weight, my hair thinned out, I got sick all the time and always had to cancel plans or call in sick because it would get so bad. I finally went back to the doctor and said you gotta do something I cant go on like this anymore and so he put me on this medicine and its worked miracles."
"I just got my Paraguard removed after 5.5 months. I was having cramps that made me yelp aloud and miss work, my periods were very heavy (like overnight pad plus a heavy tampon every two hours), and I had regular nausea. I really wanted to have a hormone free option but those side effects were too, too much. I&#039;m pretty sensitive to hormones but it comes very recommended by many women. I&#039;m 33 and have never had kids."
"To anyone looking to get on Suboxone to overcome opiate addiction -  DO IT!!  I&#039;ve been on Suboxone for 15 months now &amp; have gone from 20mg to 2 mgs literally painlessly. The first time I took it I knew within an hr I had found what I needed to get that damn monkey off my back. A slow yet STEADY taper is important.  There&#039;s no reason a person can&#039;t easily drop 2mgs a mo. down to about 4mg. If it&#039;s making you sleepy, time to taper! It gets a bit slower once you get lower but still not hard at all. Once you get to about 3mg you almost have an awakening!  You get more energy,  and start to LOVE music and conversation again.  I would say that those are the biggest side effects - sleepiness (taper!), and slight emotional dullness."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about a year now. Its horrible I have gained about 40 lbs almost 5 lbs a month. I&#039;m even eating less than I did before taking this. "
"I have been on LoSeasonique for 2 months now. I&#039;m experiencing hair loss, increased appetite, and severe migraines! My face is breaking out and extremely dry, and I&#039;ve been having bleeding on and off for up to 7 days consecutively. This birth control is absolutely not worth taking in my opinion!"
"I am 16 and I started using Vyvanse a little over one month ago. I am a very bright student but I found myself struggling through school. I was diagnosed with ADD around 4th grade. I have always had trouble focusing and staying on task. I tried Concerta, Ritalin, Strattera and Adderal. After taking those I took about a 4 year break from medicine. I began Welbutrin and am now taking that in combination with Vyvanse. My grades improved tremendously. I can now focus and it shows. I went from a D in Algebra/Geo to an A. My life and confidence has improved more than I ever thought possible. I do have decreased appetite but other than that, this medicine is literally making my future brighter everyday."
"I smoke for two reasons: habit or stress relief. While Commit lozenges were fantastic for my habitual smoking, I found that when I was stressed, Commits just didn&#039;t cut it. I did however, go from a pack a day to less than a pack a week with commit. So all-in-all, Commit was a success."
"I used this for one  month and I was devastated when the medicine left me shedding much much more hair than I had before. People told me to stick it out because that&#039;s what it&#039;s supposed to do. I&#039;m terrified to lose more hair since my hair is already so thin, so I stopped using it. No one warned me it could get this bad."
"After 5 weeks of using Chantix I had to stop taking the medication.  I felt extremely unstable and not myself. After 4 days off the medication I am still not smoking (which is why I still gave this medicine a 3 rating). I hope things will go back to normal. I have started to feel less &quot;fuzzy&quot; and uncomfortable.  Good luck to anyone who is trying.  I really hope that the time without cigarettes has allowed me to break my habits so I can lead a healthier life."
"No longer available - spending the weekend in the hospital to change medication. Ethmozine was great."
"I have to say Lithium has change my life for the good. I started taking this med, just 5 days ago and it&#039;s like I got my life back. I have paranoid schizophrenia and major depression and borderline personality disorder. The past 8 years were literally like hell on earth for me. I&#039;ve tried so many different medication and nothing really worked for me. The first time I took my Lithium I felt like more in tuned on what&#039;s going on. Now I&#039;m on day 5 and my racing thoughts are pretty much gone. My depression is vanishing. My voice&#039;s are at a minimum. My anixiety from going out in public has been getting better and better. It actually boost&#039;s my confidence. My energy level has gone way up. I&#039;m generally more happier and more at peace."
"I&rsquo;ve been on this medication for going on 3 weeks. I started it on the first day of my period and my period lasted about 4 days. I usually have severe cramps but it helped those out. But I just started bleeding again today. I&rsquo;m also having mood swings pretty badly and am nauseous all the time. It&rsquo;s made me really bloated and gassy and I&rsquo;ve never had an experience like this on any birth control pill. Luckily my doctor switched my prescription earlier this week because this pill was going to cost me $166 a month."
"Mine was done over two days the first dose left me feeling bloated, cramping.  The next morning did three quarters of it and and it was all over, I vomited so hard, along with chills, shaking and just a phone call away from 911. Did it&#039;s job though."
"It definitely works fast on bacterial infections. I&#039;ve used this medicine twice. In my most recent event, I was sick for close to three months with a gurgly wet and sometimes dry, wheezy cough with fatigue but no fever. The doc called it bronchitis when I first got sick and we tried a 10 day amoxicillin regiment with no improvement. Over the 12 weeks, the cough mutated into three different variations including a sinus infection. I finally went back to the doc. After starting the 5 day regiment, I noticed an improvement within the first 12 hours. In both cases I was nearly 100% healthy by the 3rd day. The antibiotic is very stressful to your body. I experienced extreme fatigue and muscle soreness during the regiment, but it was worth it."
"I switched to this after having a bad cough with linsinopril. My BP is stable on this medication, however I do have low or borderline low sodium and potassium on this medication. Don&#039;t really have any other side effects. Just take in the morning, will make you pee!"
"I have been taking the 1200mg for about 5 days now (every 12 hours as directed). I have had NO side effects. My body is very sensitive to certain types of medications, but this has only helped me. I started out with a bad cough and chest cold. After taking Mucinex for a couple of days I noticed the coughing decreasing. I now have a stuffy nose/sinus pain- but it also has helped with the congestion."
"I had Skyla for almost a year, and I got pregnant. And passed the IUD. The strings came out first. This birth control sucks. My periods were heavy, and irregular, even after the 6 month trial time... My daughter is happy and healthy though!"
"I had my Mirena IUD inserted 4 days ago. Insertion was somewhat painful; I&#039;m 21 with no children, but with ibuprofen and a long nap after wards I wasn&#039;t feeling too bad. Don&#039;t be scared; I was sitting on the exam table and almost backed out, so glad I didn&#039;t. I did get somewhat lightheaded during the insertion and for about 30 minutes afterwards (luckily I had a friend drive me to my appointment). I had intercourse 3 days after insertion and had no problems! My boyfriend said he couldn&#039;t feel it. I&#039;ve had light spotting off and on and some cramping/backache. Overall, so far so good."
"I have had chronic back pain for 5 years. After failed surgeries and injections, (and after years of oxycodone) my doc put me on EMBEDA. I take it exactly how it is prescribed. After a month I have had so many negative side effects. I get severe headaches, stabbing stomach aches and have been almost zombie like. As far as the pain goes it does treat pain fairly well. However sometimes the EMBEDA can not touch the nerve pain. I personally would prefer my previous medication, because the side effects of EMBEDA just make me feel worse."
"this medicine works great, but it makes me feel high and stoned."
"I had poison ivy for three months and had been to the Doctor 3 times and had shots and put on steroids and nothing worked.  They put me on clobetasol and within a week it cleared it up.  I was amazed and I kept the box so that if I get it again I will definitely use this cream again.  Wonderful."
"This medication did amazing things for me after being diagnosed with an anxiety disorder.  I suffered panic attacks, inability to control my emotions, crying to bouts of anger along with other symptoms.  Within 2 weeks there was a huge change. I am now laughing and joking again, I have no mood swings, no more crying, I have no anger issues now, just incredible.  I did suffer side effects for the first 17 days and was very nauseous. First few days are the worst and then it eases off, some minor headaches, a small amount of fever, a little more sweating, some dizziness, but overall it was worth it.  Back to a happy go lucky girl."
"This drug is so expensive (insurance covers little!!!) and simply does not work (after three months!)!
I do not recommend it to any one 
"
"So helpful and I have never had a bad side effect."
"Pregabalin for me was miraculous. On the first dose (75mg three times a day) my anxiety was reversed. I really thought this was too good to be true. I have tried Prozac and lorazepam at different times of my life. But as is commonly known, after the fourth or fifth trial of SSRIs, they &quot;peter out&quot; and actually become counter productive, even in some cases causing serotonin syndrome. But about two years ago, I was in a very stressful marriage break-up and was taking benzodiazepines to keep the lid on the anxiety, with little effect. The GP respected my wish to try Lyrica. I was and still am, after two years, astounded by this transformation. I feel like I always felt I should feel. A cessation of anxiety and a sense of well being pervades. "
"This is the best thing since sliced bread (don&#039;t mean to really say this but...) Went off of it due to the price being so high.  The replacement prescription did  not work at all.  After two months of problems again, I gave up and called in for the pills.  Lifesaver, worked immediately, now I am happy again.  Can go  out, live normally.  Took eight years off hell with IBS and other gastrointestinal problems until my doctor gave me this as a last resort, thank goodness he did. I  went thru many, many, addictive medicines and such, very happy I  found this."
"Eh, it&#039;s better than adderall but vyvanse is still a lot smoother.

Gave me horrible indigestion and heart burn as well as extreme anxiety and chest pain."
"I was given this medication (4 mg dosepk) by a podiatrist for plantar fascitis pain as I have problems with NSAIDS. The second day I had a very red face and chest.  By the end of that day every bone in my face hurt. I had stopped taking it after the morning dose by orders of my pharmacist.  But later that day I got a bright pink hot area on my left forearm and also my upper arm muscle area on the right. Day 3 I developed another pink, hot area on the upper left arm and had severe pain in my shoulders, elbows, wrists, and fingers.I went to my primary care doctor&#039;s office for followup.  They agreed to stop the medication. I had only taken the first full day (6 pills) and 1 the next morning so I didn&#039;t think the reaction would last this long."
"This is a miracle medicine."
"When I was about 23, I started getting horrific migraines out of nowhere that would incapacitate me for days at a time. My neurologist couldn&#039;t find anything wrong and I tried several medications (some would take at least 12 hours to have an effect). The only medication that ever successfully treated my migraines was Maxalt and it pretty much gave me my life back. It would still take at least an hour to work but it was really a life changer. Ultimately, I sought an ENT and after I had sinus surgery (and corrected my deviated septum) in 2011, my migraines never returned. But if they ever did come back, I would be running to Maxalt as my savior again!"
"It has worked wonders for me. Whenever I feel that I was going to get a cold, I take a few drops day and night and that is it."
"This pill was not a fit for me at all. They told me it would take up to 3 months to regulate me and I took it for 9 months and never became regular. I have always been to the day with my cycle but I never got my period back after nursing my second for a year. This pill made me bleed every two weeks and sometimes once a month. It was all over the place. I got migraines and had major mood swings. I said goodbye to it."
"I just had my Mirena inserted a week ago. I am 40 and do not have children. I must say I am having crazy moods. I am hopeful after reading comments that this will pass. Thanks to all who posted."
"Drank the first liter of stuff , tasted like alka seltzler, waited 2 hours and it started, the cleansing begun . Sat on toilet for 10 minutes for first round ,scared to rise up because I&#039;ll be coming back , going start second liter , tasted worse , minor bloat and cramp. Done with second liter , slow flushing system , don&#039;t know how many More trips to loo, hope all goes well tomorrow."
"For 5 years I suffered from hypothyroidism which turned out to be Hashimotos. Which I take thyroid (natural thyroid medication). Once my thyroid was under control myself and doctor were confused on why I was so tired. I would have seizures when I was completely exhausted. Very scary! They thought I had panic attacks but not so! The seizures were all part narcolepsy which apparently can mask under hypothyroidism. I now take 30mg of Adderall XR a day. It is not enough but just really happy I can get through the day without feeling like someone has given me a bottle of sleeping pills. Adderall is my wonder pill and no side effects."
"The best little white angel pill ever, I have been feeling ill for seven days until today I decided to get help and went to a little clinic and got prescribed zofran, it must be made in heaven because that little pill worked in minutes, I went from 20% to 70% real quick. I work at a job that doesn&#039;t allow you to call in, so this pill will be saving me from losing 8 hours on my pay check. Stomach bug sucks and was tired of feeling hungry/sick every ten minutes. Thank you my white angel."
"After using 20 mg in evening...I was getting no relief from muscle spasms, so I spaced dose out to 20mg in afternoon and 20 mg at evening As I got sleepy and dozed off in my chair, I found myself waking, but not breathing, I would have to gasp for a large amount of air and wake up... This went on all evening  This has never happened in my life before,   I repeated this a few days later and same results  OPEN MY EYES AND REALIZE I,M NOT BREATHING AND GASP FOR AS MUCH AIR AS I COULD TAKE.....VERY SCARY."
"I&#039;ve been using Implanon for almost 5 years now, and I didn&#039;t experience any bad side effects. When I had my first one implanted in my left arm I did spot lightly for a little while just a few months, then I didn&#039;t have a period at all, or spotting, I love it. When my 3 years was up I had it removed and replaced in that same arm and still no bad side effects. No weight gain or skin changes or pains and I honesly forget that it&#039;s even there."
"Started on Manestein 24 Fe to help balance out my cramping &amp; the heavy bleeding during my periods. Which it did help. A week after I started my next new set I started to have the bad feeling in my upper stomach like I have been doing tons of sit ups non stop. So I thought I probably moved funny or something it&#039;ll go away. Well a couple days went along &amp; it got worse. It bwcame more intense &amp; sharpe stabbing pains &amp; it extended into my back as well. I couldn&#039;t lay on my sides nor even when I drove in a vehicle any bump nor turn it hurt. I knew it was time to go to the hospital. When they checked me out they said I had a blood clot going to my liver which was cause by birth control. Becareful it might not be for you."
"The pill has served its purpose- I have not gotten pregnant while on it. However, I have experienced weight gain, VERY low libido, and more vaginal discharge than normal. On the plus side my periods have been regular and I rarely experience cramps. When I do cramp it is nothing like before I was on birth control."
"I hope I can shed some light to you all. I had unprotected sex on a &quot;high day&quot; during my ovulation cycle and also the next day . Both times he finished fully. I was completely unaware at the time I was ovulating and didn&#039;t think anything of it . once I realized I was which was about 40 hours after the fact I went to get plan b one step and too my surprise the pharmacy was closed . I finally was able to get the pill 63 hours later and took it . I had no side effects with the pill and honestly knew I was pregnant and was freaking out. I had cramping the week after I took the pill and one week later my period came right on time so relax ladies the pill does work ! &amp; I was ovulating !"
"Grecia--
I hope you&#039;ll find this message, even though it&#039;s been many years since you posted. My daughter also started Lupron PED at 2 years old. She&#039;s now 4. It has reversed her chest development and her growth is more on track now. But I&#039;m just finding out about all these bad side affects. I haven&#039;t heard of anyone else starting the medicine so early like her, so I was wondering if your daughter ever had/has any bad side affects from using it. My daughter has the 11.25mg injection every 3 months. 

Our insurance just changed how the bill it so now it&#039;s going to be over $4k!!! Help!!!"
"Amazed! Went to the doctor with a extremely sore inflamed throat to the point at times I was hardly getting air without a coughing fit was not getting much sleep. Hardly any voice, very painful to talk extreme red almost blotchy throat, felt like breathing through a straw. Swollen lymph nodes face/neck/&amp;throat and fluid behind my ears, high fever ect. Strep tested negative. Doctor prescribed 10MG, so it was 2 and a half pills that I took all at once only once. Within 4.5 hours my throat was opening up and my voice was getting better by the second, I could breathe properly and talk again. Never has anything I&#039;ve taken worked that dramatically that fast. No side major effects, still have a bit of a cough but I can deal with that!"
"Zoloft pretty much saved my life. I was suicidal due to my trauma and many life failures. I hated the medicine at first, though. The adjustment period is horrible. I felt constipated, sweaty, sleepy, high and dissociated from the real world. Once you get past that (it takes a couple of months), it is great. I am so much more relaxed now. I used to be very aggressive and now I think about other people&#039;s feelings. Being depressed from my trauma, I was very tired. Zoloft made me more tired until I adjusted to it. Now it actually gives me energy."
"I take this medication for obsessive compulsive disorder and anxiety. This medication has been the saving grace of my life!  The only side effects I have experienced are insomnia when I first started it or up a dose, but it goes away within a few days. And dry mouth. But I feel so much better freed of my obsessional thoughts I don&#039;t care!  I take 150 mg a day and have been on it 5 years. No other medicine has ever been so effective for this long, and believe me I have taken everything you can name!"
"I have had Mirena for a year now and I love it. The only problem was the INCREDIBLE pain involved in insertion. It only lasted for a few hours and cramping for a couple of days. I have not had a period in 8 months and it is very easy to check that it is in place. When this one getts removed, I will definately get another one. My husband can sometimes feel it, but it doesn&#039;t bother him. This is the best thing ever."
"Tonight will mark my first week on Victoza.  I am on this medication primarily to get my blood sugars within normal range, with the added hope of weight loss.  I am amazed that within one week my numbers - fasting and non-fasting - are within normal range.  I hope this will continue to be the case.  I have been plagued by nausea and fatigue this first week.  We&#039;ll see what tonight&#039;s increase to 1.2 mg brings.  I also began to exercise on a daily basis.  I started out slow, and will continue to increase my activity.  My clothes are fitting me better, but I don&#039;t know exactly how much weight I&#039;ve lost.  I don&#039;t really want to know as in the past I have sabotaged myself when I began to loose weight."
"I read a lot of scary reviews about the pain and problems after having Mirena IUD put in so, I thought I&#039;d write my own review. It&#039;s not nearly as scary as what I had read. 
I got my Mirena 3 days ago. I&#039;ve had one child via c-section 8 years ago. Overall the experience was better than I anticipated. It only took about five minutes for the entire procedure and maybe only 60-90 seconds of pain, when opening up my cervix and putting the IUD in. It wasn&#039;t exactly pleasant but I was able to deal with it. I kept waiting for the real &quot;excruciating pain&quot; to come, but it never happened. It was over before I knew it.
I did take it 800 milligrams of Advil about an hour beforehand, so that may help but I do have a high tolerance for pain."
"By far the best way to have a bowel preparation. Goodbye full gallon!!! Yeak!
We&#039;ve come a long way but the flavour is still difficult to swallow.  It took me several hours. First bottle at 6pm, second at midnight. Almost done, almost clear. Hope to be sleeping pretty soon.  The insurance didn&#039;t cover it but was worth the money."
"In 2007 I started with Loestrin 24, it worked for about almost two years in controlling the endometriosis pain. Then suddenly the pain came back very strong and I ultimately needed surgical Laporoscopy. I spotted the entire time on Loestrin. Currently looking for another drug to prevent the endometriosis from coming back."
"Starting second week usage of Erythropoetin for possible kidney failure but definite anemia on a 6-7 year old black Labrador.  Seems to be recovering slowly along with doses of amlodipine/norvasc, enalapril and doxycycline."
"I was in the hospital suffering from post lumbar puncture headache and nausea/severe vomiting. IV Zofran did nothing, IV Reglan did nothing, only the IV Compazine gave me relief. Granted as soon as it ran out I started up again, but at least it allowed me a few hours of peace to sleep."
"Helps me sleep through the night for the first time in my life. The first time I ever took it I made the mistake of not going to bed right away so I did have some hallucinations. They weren&#039;t scary, but I make sure to take it only when I go to bed. There are some definite sexual side effects, much to my husband&#039;s good fortune. It all seems like a vague dream when I wake up. It&#039;s probably a good idea to only take it when you&#039;re living with someone you trust!"
"Have been taking this drug for over five years.  Had a great drug plan so the $50.00 for a 90 day supply didn&#039;t bother me even though I never thought that the drug did anything.  Have had two heart bypass surgeries and four stents placed in my coronary arteries in the past 20 years.  Cardiologist prescribed this drug cause he ran out of options for my angina.  Like I said, never did anything.  Recently I lost my good drug plan and now my new Part &#039;D&#039; prescription drug plan has me paying $225.00 per month for this drug........ridiculous.  The manufacturer offers discounts on line which is just another &#039;rip&#039;.  Their own product literature says that &#039;we don&#039;t really understand how it works&#039;.....well guess what; it doesn&#039;t.  This drug is a scam"
"Taste was terrible.  It took 45 mins to get down the first 16 oz dose (6 oz mixed with 10 oz water).  About 5 mins after finishing, I began vomiting violently and ended up losing all the prep.  Had to go out and get magnesium citrate which was also bad in taste but stayed down.  "
"Lutera has been pretty effective throughout my couple of months using it. I experienced nausea quite often during the first couple of packs. My breasts were tender and swollen in the beginning but that doesn&#039;t happen anymore. I gained about 7 pounds. Sex drive is actually up the wall. I&#039;m naturally a moody and emotional/sensitive little flower and I believe since this is a hormonal pill, it adds on to the emotions. I&#039;m frightened by the potential pop up of depression issues or psychological issues I&#039;ve been reading about birth control pills. I just don&#039;t want it to be too late before I possibly go crazy like some people have mentioned happened to them. Overall the pill is cool. I used to have severe cramps and heavy bleeding but Lutera helped."
"I have been on bupropion for 8 days and I have to say this pill is short of a miracle. The first 3 days, instead of smoking, I used the patch. Since that day I have gone nicotine free. A few side affects are I&#039;m a little foggy brained, my hands are shaking and I&#039;m awake between 3-4 every morning however last night I was able to fall back asleep within an hour where usually I couldn&#039;t so that may be going away, fingers crossed. Overall highly recommended"
"I have been on tri-spintec for about 1 year now. At first it wasnt really matching when my period should come but every pill does that for the first few months until you body gets use to it. Besides that I think my boobs grew a tiny bit. I&#039;ve heard some negative but nothing wrong with me. Seems to fit me fine."
"I have been taking 100 mg of Seroquel for about a year now, does worry me some because when I do miss a dose I don&#039;t sleep but it does work well. I do have to eat before I go to bed or want to sleep well. "
"I was on Lutera before it was suggested that I switch to the generic form of Yaz in order to help clear up my skin.  so I did.  For the first weeks or so I was very tired and had excruciating headaches, both of which were very out of character for me.  This resolved after about a week.  As for my skin it took probably about 4 months to clear up, but after it cleared up it stayed that way, thanks to Yaz.  On the negative side, this pill brought my libido into the negative.  Also dryness became an issue which of course further effected my libido in a negative way, besides just being embarrassing in general.  Now my insurance has decided to no longer cover it so I am switching, I am worried about my skin, but excited to have my sex life back."
"This is the worst drug I have ever experienced one suppository and around fifty minutes later uncontrolled and painful bowel movements I collapsed and could not get up of the bathroom floor I was so light headed cramps constant need to pee be very wary of this drug it takes hours to recover"
"After being on high doses of Percocet for over two months due to kidney issues, I quit my pain meds cold turkey. My RLS went from irritating restless legs to insanity causing restless body. Opiate detox can apparently cause RLS to greatly intensify if you cold turkey off your pain meds. My requip now does absolutely nothing for me. It was hard enough remembering to take one dose at 5pm and a second dose a hour before bed to begin with, now that it&#039;s stopped working I&#039;ve reverted back to taking pain meds at night just to help the RLS. Unfortunately pain meds don&#039;t help me sleep, but at least I can lay still and stare at the ceiling."
"I was given Xanax 0.5mg over 10 years ago for extreme panic attacks, always and still does do the trick.
I started off with 2 a day it became *as needed*.
Luckily I didn&#039;t build up a tolerance.
I am having trouble (Since my doctor retired) finding a doctor to prescribe them.
As I type I have been forced to be with out them for going on 5 days and I have had a few really bad panic attacks. 
Could be lack of pills, could be physiological, most likely menopause.
I have not found any one to help me with this.
Why? Clearly, I know what works for me."
"It works, very well in fact, but I am getting really annoying side effects. Dry mouth, stomach pains, on the first day I take it, after it completely gets out of my system, I usually get headaches. I also barely eat, instead of eating about 3 steaks, I can only eat half a steak. Most peoples&#039; side effects aren&#039;t as bad as mine, though."
"I have been on the pill for 3 months now. It helped my acne fairly good, regulated my period. As far as weight gain, I have been experiencing a lot of &quot;cravings&quot; more than ever before! Loss of energy, tiredness, mood swings are also side effects that I have experienced. I used to enjoy the gym but now I don&#039;t feel as motivated. My sex drive is blaaaa.  I do recommend drinking a lot of water when taking the pill."
"I had a series of severe episodes in &#039;14 and that&#039;s when I began this drug. Initially it made me really drowsy but it was manageable. Otherwise I&#039;ve had absolutely no problems! Only downside is that its levels can be easily affected/lowered with other drugs. In order to take birth control pills I had to nearly double my lamictal dosage as the estrogen made my lamictal levels plummet."
"As a life long seasonal allergy sufferer, I search for something that
 won&#039;t put me to sleep
 won&#039;t cause side effects with other medications
 I can afford

For most of my life I&#039;ve taken plain old Sudafed with an aspirin from mid February, when the early bulbs start to bloom until after Thanksgiving when pollen finally is gone.

Last year my daughter, who has similar symptoms, tried Flonase with great success.  For me, the &quot;Hottest Year Ever-2015&quot; was also my worse ever year with allergies,  I have all the symptoms from watery eyes, runny nose, coughing, sneezing etc etc etc.

I&#039;ve been using it for 4 days, starting with 2 times a day then once a day and my symptoms seem to be going away!"
"The first 12 months were great. No noticeable side effects and I didn&#039;t get pregnant. Then I started having side effects. I couldn&#039;t wear contacts anymore, they would literally fall out onto my cheeks. I had them refitted and the problem persisted. At the same time I started experiencing what were likely aura migraines. My forehead, upper lip, and hands would go numb. I would experience large blind spots and large dark moving objects in my vision. These problems happened multiple times a week. I was extremely fatigued and depressed. I stopped using the Nuva Ring when I realized I didn&#039;t have the symptoms on the off week. None of the doctors I saw thought to recommend going off Nuva Ring. Symptom free for 6 months. Off Nuva Ring 6 months."
"This is working great. I read about it in Oprah Winfrey&#039;s O Magizine. Asked my Doctor if it was right for me and he agreed. Losing 5lbs per week (on it for three weeks) I need to get my insurance company to pay and have called them about it asking for it to be considered. Either way I am breaking even as I have no constant hunger pangs. I feel satisfied with small portions, this must be how fit people feel. Good luck with your weight loss journey.  Thanks."
"Worked fine the first five months of taking it. Around month six, I started getting horrible heavy, crampy, clotty breakthrough bleeding with cramps that were up there in terms of the worst I&#039;ve ever experienced. It started giving me horrible migraines that made me unable to function. However, it did do it&#039;s job as a contraceptive. I never got pregnant the six months I was taking it, so three stars for it!"
"Please if you&#039;re reading this DO NOT use this product. I used the ovule right b4 bed a round midnight, and before I could even get into bed, it started burning and itching and stinging and I couldn&#039;t stand it. I had to wash it out by 12:30. I gave this a 3 bc honestly IDK if it works yet. But if it does there is no way I would take this again. Take the 3 or 7 day treatment or just go to your Dr or walk in clinic and have then prescribe you an oral medication."
"Wow has this changed my life. I was a long time sufferer of migraines and headaches. Advil and tynelols are like candy to me now and don&#039;t do a thing to relief pain. Even heavy prescribed migraine drugs by my doctor did not work as much as Aleve does! It is simply, for my part, miraculous! It works 99.9% of the time. It works to prevent a headache when I feel it coming. It also works to break the headache or migraine when it is already ongoing and painful. And most of the time, a single pill works. I have to say I really hope my body doesn&#039;t come used to Aleve and therefore making it less effective. So far, after a little more than a year taking Aleve, it still is perfectly effective in my case. Don&#039;t hesitate to try!"
"Was diagnosed about 1 year after an emergency surgery for a mass in my colon due to a build up of scar tissue from inflammation. After a couple months of 500mg 3X a day frequency of flare ups were greatly reduced. Only had 2 noticeable symptoms, one of weight gain and an an elevated liver function test. My dosage was reduced to 2X a day and liver function is normal but weight gain is still issue. Diet and STRESS level seems to be the most important factor in controlling flare ups"
"After 20 years of worsening migraines and fibromyalgia symptoms, pregabalin has been a miracle.
 I have gone from suffering 2-3 debilitating migraines per week to zero migraines. Yes zero! 50mg per day was not enough so my neurologist raised the dose to 100 mg/day and that is just right. It took just over a week for the drug to kick in.  Pregabalin also helps regulate my adrenal glands and calms my Crohn&#039;s/IBS symptoms. I feel like a new person after suffering for so many years. Initial side effects were feeling stoned and wonky vision that made it hard to read. My body adjusted after a few days. I sleep deeply all night and no longer snore. Bladder gets real full as kidneys work hard to eliminate the drug. Fibromyalgia pain is 95% gone"
"I&#039;m 20 years old &amp; I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for 2 years &amp; 7 months. I just had it removed today due to extreme heavy bleeding. I was told it was a sign that it had stopped working. I&#039;ve lost so much blood in a matter of 9 days that I passed out at work &amp; was in the hospital. I&#039;ve gained over 50lbs, my sex drive was up &amp; down, I never stopped my period they just became lighter, my mood swings were awful. I took Zoloft to help with that. I had an ovarian cyst the size of a cuties orange! (Which busted, but thankfully I didn&#039;t lose an ovary.) I&#039;ve had so many problems with Nexplanon, but I tried to push through cause it really does prevent pregnancy.... but be prepared. It may work great for you, or it may make you completely miserable!"
"Didn&#039;t realize how great it was till it was gone. After 4 years of failed cocktails until I found Depekote with  Zoloft. I was on it for 3-5 months @1250mg and had Excessive Weight gain, insatiable hunger,,,BUT Worth it! I was productive, positive, stabilzed, making plans and following thru. Then Liver enzymes high @ 6 mo. and abruptly taken off ... Horrible move by panicked Doctor.  On my third medicine since and all bad results.  Any opinions on Depokote retry while protecting my liver with Milk Thistle &amp; Turmeric? My last blood work was best its ever been. I have no faith in my Dr and am seeking a new."
"Works great but is highly addictive and I&#039;d need to use it every 8 hours to be able to breathe thru my nose. I&#039;m now suffering with mucosa rebound phenomenae .....it shrinks my nasal membranes but when it wears off my nose blocks severely and I&#039;d have to use it more and more frequently to be  comfortable."
"I drank the first bottle right down, doesn&#039;t taste bad at all. It went down smooth.  I immediately drank the two 16 oz cups of water.  Felt bloated and a little nauseous but that went away.  It took awhile for it to start working.  Had lemon water ice and the taste goes away immediately.  I was extremely nervous about this because of the side effects more than anything.  Have some cramping.  Will take the next bottle at 10:00pm.  I hope it works faster and I can get some sleep.  7:45am procedure. I don&#039;t even feel hungry after the whole day of just liquids."
"It made my boobs bigger, ZERO negative side effects, and my period is practically non-existent. It&#039;s my favorite birth control I&#039;ve ever been on. Most birth controls make me have crazy mood swings and gain weight. This one didn&#039;t. I will be using this for life."
"I&#039;ve had anxiety for several years now and decided to try medication (although I&#039;m very ANTI medication) to see if it would help at all. Most of my anxiety was stress/relationship related, and I just felt as if it was consuming me and I couldn&#039;t handle it anymore. I&#039;ve been on Citalopram about 3 months now and I noticed a slight change at first, and a little bit still, but now I feel so lifeless. I don&#039;t feel myself, my sex drive has diminished to almost nothing, I feel tired ALL THE TIME, I just feel out of it, some issues remembering things, had some other side effects as well that are on and off (dizziness, etc.). I think I want to stop taking it, but I need to consult my physican first to see if I need to wean off of it or not."
"I&#039;ve had it in for about half a year. I&#039;ve noticed immense cramping and backache, fatigue and moodiness. I&#039;ve also had extreme irregular periods, where I wont have my period for a couple of months and when I get it, it&#039;s 2 weeks long or sometimes more. Although I&#039;ve experienced many more side effects then it seems most women have, I don&#039;t think they are enough to have it removed and I still recommend it."
"I love my Implanon! I got it put in when I was on my period and as soon as that period was over I have not experienced another one. The only downfall is that I have no sex drive at all. But, overall, this birth control proves very effective."
"I started chanix about 3 months ago.I tried to do it before this time and almost always forgot to take it so when I had my next doctors appointment I asked the nurse to start me back on it she said she&#039;d give me 3 months to quit and here it is almost 3 and I haven&#039;t touch a cigarette for a week after smoking 1 to 3 packs a day depending on if a beer or 2 was involved I never thought I could do it now my fiance is just starting it cause he seen that I could do it the real test will be if I go out and drink socially if anyone else has done it please let me know don&#039;t want to make the mistake of going back to smoking again"
"Took this for 10 days after a cat bite got infected.  Noticed hyperactivity during the course, but it was two days after I finished the course that the real fun started - fatigue, head fog, inability to do anything, weight loss (three kg in four days!), really bad insomnia (unable to sleep until 5 am), unable to stomach anything except carbs.  After a week of this the nausea started, so that I couldn&#039;t eat anything without debilitating nausea.  Headaches too.  Am still in it after two weeks.  Treating myself with ginger tea for nausea, slippery elm, probiotics, dandelion leaf and root for liver, lemon water, vegetable juices.  I  will never take this again."
"I was taken off Soma and put on Baclofen to help with extremely painful muscle spasms that I&#039;ve been told are related to my fibromyalgia. I was extremely surprised and grateful to find out that this medication while not preventing the spasms, does stop them dead in their tracks when taken as soon as they start. I&#039;ve had no noticeable side effects. A real God send for me."
"Metformin has been very successful in treating my PCOS.  It&#039;s helped me lose weight."
"Hello, I started taking Contrave April 18,2017 The only side effects I experience was a nausea, a headace nothing major.  I am down 4lbs which I am very excited about. For the nausea I take motion sickness. that helps out, I crew gum to offset it. I eat less. I work out three times a day. One thing I  notice this medicine changes the way things taste. as for  drinking  fluids. it makes drinks taste flat. which is fine with me. I start my 2 pills a day tomorrow. I will keep everybody updated on my progress. After reading all the reviews I was very discourage about starting Contrave. I am so glad I am giving it a try. I keep jolly ranchers in my purse. my mouth gets really dry. I pray this Medicine works out for everybody."
"I was taking Yaz, but then for whatever reason the company added something to change it to Beyaz.  Yaz was seriously a saint for me.  Amazing periods, not hormonal at all, great skin, the works!  I&#039;ve been on Beyaz for over a month now, and I have not cried this much since I broke up with the love of my life over a year ago, and I have zero control of my emotions and how I feel. "
"Abilify is the only antipsychotic that works for me. The extreme hunger, lethargy, restlessness, and memory problems I had on other antipsychotics are nonexistent with abilify. I was in the middle of a severe depressive episode when I took it and it only took several weeks for me to be back to normal functioning. I sleep better, have more energy, and fewer mood swings. This medication is great. I find that it is more &quot;activating&quot; while other drugs in the same class like Zyprexa are more &quot;tranquilizing.&quot;"
"I used Topamax for 3 months after working myself up to 150mg/day. It brought my migraines down from 3-4 a week to 2-3 a month, which is great, however after having been in and out of hospitals with horrific abdominal pain my doctor cycled me off of it. I had also lost 20lbs in a 3 week period, but had not noticed a change in my appetite. I am very fit and eat 5-6 times a day to keep up with my metabolism and workouts, so the weight loss was extremely irritating, considering it was nothing but lean tissue. I also could not drink carbonated beverages, and was extremely depressed and emotional (which is very out of character). I did not think the side effects I experienced were worth the benefit."
"Kept getting Cipro for UTI&#039;s. Would go away and resurface 6 weeks later . Then began the excruciating pain in legs and ankles, brain fog, a whole list of things going wrong. Do your research and only if you are on deaths door agree to take this poison .  It may work at first but you are likely to pay months and years later. So not worth it!"
"It&#039;s a miracle and worth every single penny! 9 days of treating my face only at night and it&#039;s at least 75% gone. The dark spots on my face especially under one eye and a huge one covering half my forehead were extremely dark and stubborn. I&#039;ve tried probably every over-the-counter spot remover possible and I didn&#039;t get very good results not to mention the amount of money spent. I didn&#039;t have anything to lose and found a miracle!"
"Took Meloxicam for 2 weeks. Helped with the pain, but noticed stomach swelling. Woke up one night with severe stomach cramps. Passed out in bathroom. Had to be taken to Hospital. Had stomach bleeding. Lost 2 pints of blood and had stomach ulcer. This drug is dangerous."
"Never use this shot it makes your discharge thick and white after it wears off. You don&#039;t have a period for 2 years and it throws off the pH causing BV and frequent yeast infections also get a lot of head aches and low sex drive"
"I was given this when my esophagus was closing due to reflux. It allowed the tissue to heal and the swelling to go down. I had no side effects and have continued to use this drug to protect against problems in the future because I do still have reflux disease."
"I have just finished a 7 day course of 500mg tablets, twice a day for a chest infection which two other antibiotics failed to clear. This antibiotic worked much faster than others I have tried, with symptoms improving rapidly after just one day.

I had no side effects at all, not even the strange taste. My wife has also had a course of the same drug in the past, again with no side effects. 

Reading through these comments you would think that practically everyone has adverse side effects from this drug, but in actual fact it is a low percentage (under 10% according to the packet). I think more people tend to report bad side effects, than none hence the large number here. Don&#039;t be put off by this."
"I gave this a high score because I got lucky. I went for years struggling with depression, weary of Big Pharma, self-medicating. Finally a friend took me to a doctor. The first drug she prescribed was Effexxor. I was prescribed the 75mg capsules. I found it to be too much for me, so I take one every other day. The only side effects I feel are from withdrawals if I skip a few days, and &#039;ditziness&#039; if you will. Other than that, managing my depression has changed my life. My weight has even dropped because I used to self medicate with food. I do recommend taking only the lowest dose possible for your symptoms. I am not a big fan of prescription drugs, but this was a lifesaver for me."
"I am 63 years old and have been taking 100mg Losartan for about 14 years and it has worked great for me.  I chew tobacco and that keeps my blood pressure a bit high but when I do not chew....my blood pressure is around 118/76.  When I went on Losartan my blood pressure was hitting around 175/92 all the time.  So sorry for those who have not had a good experience with Losartan."
"I just started Enbrel 2 weeks ago and it seems to be working. I just wanted to let people know that there is a payment assistance program offered by the Enbrel manufacture. I couldn&#039;t afford the medicine but I contacted the manufacture and they gave me a card that helps pay for it. Look into that before giving up on the option of having this medicine."
"You won&#039;t be sorry."
"I started Gianvi after switching from Yaz to another pill that did nothing for me. I used to have an intense 7 day period, extreme cramps, migraines, large pimples, and crazy mood swings for no apparent reason. Gianvi has changed all that. I do still get cramps and mood swings, but both are very muted. I have much smaller breakouts and the migraines are gone. I get a very light bleeding during my period, which only lasts 2-3 days. HOWEVER, I miss my period (the bleeding part) often. I still get the other symptoms at that time. Personally, I love Gianvi. I feel much freer to do things like drive because I know I won&#039;t be suddenly doubled over in pain behind the wheel."
"This by far was the worst experience on a pill. I rated it a 2 because I didn&#039;t get pregnant. I was not only bloated ALL of the time, but literally craved food ALL of the time. I gained 20 pounds in 8 months (went from my normal weight- 115 to 135 in the blink of an eye). I was out-eating my boyfriend who is twice my size. I won&#039;t even get into the moodiness. I was depressed for months. I would never recommend this pill to anyone, I don&#039;t see how it is still on the market. I switched back to my old pill from my teen years (I&#039;m 32 now) which never gave me problems (Levora) and 2 weeks in, I&#039;ve already lost all of the water retention and 7 pounds. The food cravings are gone also, finding that I&#039;m having to &quot;remember&quot; to eat."
"Enbrel worked for me like a miracle for about 8 years, possibly a little longer. Unfortunately, it seems to no longer be effective. I am about to switch to something else, not sure what. And so my rating of 5 indicates that it worked well, but lost effectiveness. I truly thought I was finished with psoriasis, but it was back."
"300 mgs.   total lack of desire so I guess I&#039;m going to be depressed.   I&#039;m on testosterone therapy which sky-rocked my libido....now welbutrin helped my depression.....but screwed my sex life"
"I take this medication for obsessive compulsive disorder and anxiety. This medication has been the saving grace of my life!  The only side effects I have experienced are insomnia when I first started it or up a dose, but it goes away within a few days. And dry mouth. But I feel so much better freed of my obsessional thoughts I don&#039;t care!  I take 150 mg a day and have been on it 5 years. No other medicine has ever been so effective for this long, and believe me I have taken everything you can name!"
"I have been on Belviq for 1 month and love it..The first week was hard, because I was put of it, had muscle aches, and just didn&#039;t feel right..After week 2 I felt great and now I have lost 20 lbs, which probably isn&#039;t healthy, but I had to force myself to eat..I noticed when I am hungry I am going to healthy foods rather than junk."
"I have had fibromyalgia since I was 10 years old have been on every medication doctors can think of. Iam now in my 40s and my fibromyalgia has got worse of time, I was on Cymbalta for years but it stopped working so yesterday my doctor prescribed Effexor XR I took it and this mornings I was not stiff, not moody and slept good last night , I am hoping this will help me in long term."
"I started Qsymia one year and 3 months ago. I was nervous, Because I have taken diet medication before and all have failed. 
I started out 269 pounds. I am now 191 pounds . I am on the 11.25-69 MG about to get switched to the last MG. 
I have had no side effects. 
All I&#039;ve done is stop drinking cokes all together, and I&#039;ve limited how much I eat thanks to Qsymia. I feel fuller faster. 
I walk more and have more energy since I&#039;ve lost my weight. 
I&#039;ve got more to lose. I am not giving up."
"I&#039;ve been on the NuvaRing for almost two years now and I LOVE it. It&#039;s great...no side effects. Lower dosage of hormones, so I don&#039;t need to feel weird about putting lots of hormones into my body. AND not pregnant yet! I would recommend this form of birth control to anyone!"
"Been taking benzodiazepines for near 10 years now. Started with 1mg of Lorazepam once daily, but it stopped working after about 2 years. I got prescribed Clonazepam 1mg twice daily.Worked like a charm for 5 years, then stopped having any effect. Still, Clonazepam is amazing compared to Lorazepam. This is an amazing medication. I was prescribed an up-dose (2mg three times daily, but I usually only took one pill a day or two, because 2mg is very strong). I was also prescribed Xanax to take along with Clonazepam due to having a panic disorder as well as generalized anxiety, but after about a year I decided that the Xanax was pretty useless (and tasted like wet chalk) so asked my psychiatrist to stop prescribing it. Just clonazepam. It&#039;s great."
"I&#039;ve been taking this BC for 6 years. There is still spotting, very randomly and cramping. I get constant mood swings. I take it at night and feel super hungry in the morning, but just eat breakfest and I&#039;m fine. My weight is normal. I would say it works great as its suppose to, just a few side effects."
"I had hives for 3 weeks and I was completely miserable! I was put on steroids for 3 days and they came back as soon as I quit them.  I was taking Benadryl everyday and was still so itchy. About ready to go nuts I researched and researched things to try.  Into week 3 with the hives I started taking Vitamin C, Vitamin D and Vitamin B12 and drinking green tea everyday.  Took a Zyrtec one morning and my hives were cleared by evening. I have been taking 1 a day for 3 days now and I&#039;m hive free..feeling great."
"My Doctor put me one 100 mgs once in the morning and I could tell a huge difference in the way I felt, for the first time I felt like I could breathe, I could see colors again, the tree&#039;s, the flower&#039;s everything changed from grey to vivid brightness, however this effect was not immediate. I was taking 120 mg&#039;s of Cymbalta, 2 60 mg caps. a day, when this was the medicine I was one for years, I fought a good fight with doctor&#039;s over years and years. They were telling me I was Bi-Polor and I believed them. It took one great doctor 15 minutes to change my life. I have been on Pristiq 100 mg&#039;s for going on 3 years know and I love life again, I can&#039;t wait to wake up early in the morning and watch the sunrise and I found out that I wasn&#039;t bipolor"
"My first month was fine! I am a very emotional person and prone to anxiety attacks, and it never made it worse! Almost felt like it made it better... HOWEVER, after the first month, I started having itchy skin, vaginal discharge, vaginal burning and irritation, hives all over my body, eczema on MY FINGERS! Really weird stuff... went to the doctor and got tested for EVERYTHING! including STDS. All negative. The only thing we could think of was this birth control. Kept taking it for a third month, symptoms got worse, even started gaining weight and acne! Stopped taking it on a Saturday, it is now Thursday: Most all symptoms are gone. It had to be the BC..."
"I have had this in for about 2.5 years. It works in that I have not gotten pregnant.  I have a very light period for 1-2 weeks every month or so.  Sometimes 6 weeks in between &#039;periods,&#039;  sometimes only 2 weeks. It&#039;s very unpredictable, can ruin a lot of &#039;underclothes&#039;. Also, I cannot get back to my pre-birth control weight. I used to weigh an athletic 145 with a diet of whatever I felt like eating and exercise 4 days a week.  Maybe its age, but now 2.5 years later, I can exercise 6 days a week for  twice as long, and watch what I eat and am stuck at 154."
"Ursodiol has been keeping my Gall Bladder in check (excepton 01/01/2008). My prescription had run out 4 days prior but I still indulged in greasy pork chops. 3 hours later I was in the ER and nearly died. I had no pulse or blood pressure. Was touch-and-go for awhile. Worst New Years Day ever. Never to forget refills again."
"I have been on Orsythia for a year now and I have to say that I have never been happier with another birth control and I&#039;ve one other before starting Orsythia. I did NOT gain any weight, lose my sex drive, get acne, have mood swings, PMS symptoms or most importantly get pregnant on this birth control. I am so happy with my rx and I would highly recommend. I understand that everyone is different and experience drugs differently but you need to wait the 3-4 months before getting used to a daily drug in your body that changes your natural hormones. I love it and I see that it is very effective for me."
"Stage 4 breast cancer met to left lung and bones, I have been on Ibrance and Fasodex for three months and was recently told that my cancer has worsened.  When would these jokers ever come up with a real cure for cancer and stop experimenting on cancer patients with their worthless expensive drugs.  Good luck to everyone, wish you the best of success with your treatments."
"I am the mother of a 13 yr old boy.  His  face was bad. I would say he didn&#039;t have a clear spot on his face or back. And he was prescribed the tretinoin cream 0.025. And also an antibiotic called doxycycline mono 100mg.  Doctor said give it a month and we would see a change. That was October 2015. It&#039;s now January and month 3/4 and his scars from picking his pimples are so faded you can barely see them. And his back is clear. We use both everyday.  He will still get a pimple here and there but it has given him back his Confidence. The doctor said the longer you are on it the better."
"I am reading about all of these side effects. I just finished my five years and it&#039;s not necessary for me to continue on with it. I suppose some of my achy feelings and stuff came from this drug, but I take a few others so I&#039;m not sure. I haven&#039;t had any side effects no hair loss or thinning like many others that I&#039;ve read about. One woman I met shortly after I got breast cancer said she did not take the drug as was recommended and not long after her breast cancer turned into lung cancer now it&#039;s inoperable so she urged people to take the drug. Thank you I hope your drug makes me live longer to be with my granddaughters."
"I&#039;m 18 years old and this is my first birth control pill. I&#039;m taking it for a number of reasons, mainly that my period has been irregular for years, my acne is terrible and I&#039;m just trying to be safe and smart. I really like this pill! It&#039;s been extremely unobtrusive to my life. Originally I had trouble remembering to take the pill on time but now I have an alarm on my phone and it&#039;s helping. As far as side effects, I&#039;ve only had a little tenderness in my breasts and a slight increase in my appetite, but this may just be from stress. I&#039;ve just now finished my first pack and I&#039;m extremely happy with it. I haven&#039;t noticed any change in my acne, but I hope it will help soon. Overall, highly recommended!"
"Every woman&#039;s experience with insertion is different. I was not expecting much pain (since I am used to severe cramping) and I read others&#039; reviews, but getting it inserted was the worst pain of my life-- I screamed in the dr&#039;s office--and it felt unbearable. Like fire + shards of glass twisted inside. I was shaken up for days after. Cramps and low energy for 1.5 weeks after insertion. 2 week long periods (3 days pre-liletta). Cramps on and off for 2 months after insertion. Despite these side effects, glad I got the liletta. Morning after pills were hard on my system when I forgot my birth control pills, and getting my pills became difficult and expensive because of my insurance. Liletta + insertion was free for me which makes this a win"
"I have had this implant for about 5 months based on the recommendation from my Doctor. Worst mistake ever. I always had irregular periods, but never bleeding for months on end with large clots. I&#039;m talking props from a horror movie looking blood &amp; gore. I informed her of my issues when I bled for 2 weeks straight. She said my body was just getting used to the hormones &amp; such. That is totally understandable. But I don&#039;t believe for a second any medication should caused bleeding for a month and a half, stop for a month &amp; start again. Heavily. I&#039;m talking about a woosh &amp; puddle heavy. I&#039;m so glad I was @ home because I would have been mortified had I been in public. I&#039;ve been on several types of birth control but I do NOT suggest this."
"I started Saxenda on 1-12-17 and as of 2-27-17, I have lost 16 pounds.  My insurance will not cover this medication so I am not able to afford it at the full dose.  I have been taking 1.2 mg daily due to cost.   Seems to be working ok for me at this dose and I have had no bad side effects.  I have lots of trouble losing weight and seem to have finally found something that works and my insurance will not cover it.  :("
"I have used Enbrel since it was approved. I like the results much better than using Methotrexate alone. The psoriasis has been reduced from moderately severe to mild."
"Truly works great but cannot afford the brand name only generic and yes I&#039;m a bit shy/embarrassed about it so far so good."
"NuvaRing is great for me! I had no side effects, my partner doesn&#039;t feel it during sex, it never fell out and I feel much safer with it. You put it in and forget about it for 3 weeks! 

I was on oral pills before and they were very strong on me. I had less sex drive, but absolutely no acne. Now, with a lower hormone dose from NuvaRing, I have more acne, but also more sex drive and I will more comfortable."
"So I am a 18 year old girl who honestly frequently is not on time with each and every pill. I stared taking seasonique on November 1st, 2015 because I have heavy bleeding when my periods occur. Since that day I have bled (a little lighter than normally but nothing too significant) until this day (December 7th, 2015) which is a MONTH AND A WEEK OF BLEEDING. I now have anemia from bleeding for so long. I do not recommend  this birth control pill due to my horrible experience with it."
"Found out I have chlamydia through doing a blood test. I wasn&#039;t sure what to think although I was having a lot discharge and a bit of cramps.   Anyways the doc gave me 1 single pill. I had taken it on a empty stomach then I got something to eat after. I started feeling a bit sick and wanting to throw up, I though it was because I hadn&#039;t eaten when I took it so figured it was the azi pill.  When I got home few mins later my belly started hurting so I was off to the toilet. I really hope it works and clears this up."
"The pain patch works well for me as I am disabled and don&#039;t work. I do have a problem with excessive sweating and keeping the patch on for 48 hours. The best thing I have used for keeping the patches on is BENZOIN TINCTURE. This works great for me when nothing else worked. My doctor recommended I try it and boy, I&#039;m glad I did! Can be found in any pharmacy for around $5.00."
"This pill was terrible. Had bad migraines the first 5-6 months of taking it. Plus I would get angry over nothing and have crying spells. After about 8 months of being on this pill, my period would come a week early and last for 2 1/2 weeks. It was light bleeding, but still the point of my period going on that long was not normal. My period normally lasts 5-7 days. I stuck the pills out for another month and when I got that 2 1/2 week period again, I called my obgyn. I explained to her what was going on and she had a nurse pull my chart to change my bc. The only good thing about these pills were that I had no weight gain."
"I got on Minastrin, because I used to take Loestrin 24 Fe and my doctor told me it was the same thing, but just a different name. Loestrin was perfect - I didn&#039;t even feel the effects of the pill (never gained weight, suffered from mood swings, etc.). Minastrin was the complete opposite experience. I&#039;m constantly crying, I&#039;m in constant PMDD mode, and my sex drive is literally non-existent. I tore apart my relationship with my boyfriend, and I completely regret ever going on it. "
"The best stuff I&#039;ve ever used! I&#039;ve struggled with acne for a while now and ever since I started using the cream it has helped so much I do my usual face wash in the evening then put the cream on about 10 minutes after. I had such a bad spot in the day of my prom that I put a bit of cream on in the morning and by 5pm when getting my make up done it had gone"
"Dear Chartix, I have smoked for 27 years, I was so ready for that to change, I asked my doctor to give me a chance with trying it, she agreed! For me to tell you how now I have been free of smoking for 16 months now!! Thank you Chantix for helping me!!!    Sincerely, Joanne"
"I had the Kyleena for two months before I had it removed. Every body reacts differently to different forms of birth control, and this one is not for me. My body is very sensitive to hormones, including to those in IUD&#039;s which are less systemic than in oral contraceptives. What I liked about the Kyleena: insertion only felt like a bad cramp, my periods were lighter &amp; cramp-free, no weight gain (actually experienced weight loss from my own effort to prep for spring break), my well-endowed partner did not feel the strings, and I did not get pregnant. Why I had it removed: depression, anxiety, mood swings, insomnia, heart palpitations, and lack of motivation. A week post-removal, I finally feel like my normal self again. No more hormones for me"
"I&#039;ve had the Paragard 3 separate times. The first time was after the birth of my two oldest. Had it for about 4 years before removing it to to try to conceive. Miscarried in 06&#039; but don&#039;t blame the Paragard. Cancer in 07&#039; then had 3 more healthy children. After my 5th I had my second one put in. Had it for over a year but then had weight loss surgery and lost about 80 pounds and removed the IUD myself to try to conceive. Pregnant within 2 months of removing it! Had 2 more babies (7 total) and just today had my 3rd Paragard inserted until at least 2 years from now. Minimal cramping with insertion, took less than a minute, very effective and allows pregnancy immediately after removal. I need a non hormonal birth control due to the cancer so this is perfect for me!"
"I just had Skyla inserted this morning and it was not that bad. The procedure was about 2-3mins tops. It felt like a pap with a really bad cramp and then it was over. I took a 600ml iburprofen beforehand. Now I just feel mild cramping. Honestly, I siked myself out so bad thinking it would nearly kill me to be inserted, that I laughed when it was finished. Of course, everyone is different and I have had a child. But all things considered it was it was a simple procedure. Don&#039;t read into the horror stories. Being tense during insertion will only make it worse. Everyone is different."
"I rated this Trinessa Low with five stars because this is my first month on the medication.  When taking the pill I did not experience any mood swings, dizziness, or sickness. I felt great...the ok only problem was that my face broke out like a pizza! I was on the shot 6 months prior to the pill and had very minimal acne. I&#039;m hoping that if I stick with it, the acne will subside and I will be happy with the overall results!"
"I started taking Topamax 12 years ago after one of my migraines sent me out of my classroom &amp; into the ER. After the initial few weeks of disorientation, halo vision, &amp; tingling/numbness, my body adjusted to the meds &amp; I had almost 10 years of maybe two headaches per year. A miracle! When menopause hit, my migraines came roaring back with a vengeance. But I stayed on Topamax &amp; my neurologist added other meds to supplement. Things are better now; Topamax has been a lifesaver for me. But it takes some time to let the side effects settle out &amp; for your doctor to tweak the dosages."
"This was the first mood stabilizer I was put on when I was diagnosed BP2 and I&#039;ve been on it ever since, which was about 9 years ago. I love this med- I&#039;ve had NO side effects. I&#039;m on 500mg which is a very high dose but I&#039;m also very treatment resistant. The only negative thing about this med is that I can&#039;t go on birth control. I have horrible mood swings and pain around &#039;that time&#039; and birth control would help, but besides it lessening the effect of the birth control it also lessens the effectiveness of lamictal. There may be some birth control pill out there I can take, but my pdoc, and gyno haven&#039;t found it. :( Besides that this med is amazing &amp; I&#039;ll never go off of it"
"My Hba1c was 11, two months ago and  now I have 6.1 and I lost 10 kilograms (20 pounds)."
"I&#039;ve been on Nexplanon for almost three months now (it was inserted Valentines Day Weekend) and I love it. 
I have experienced some side effects, however. I have noticed an increase in acne, but thankfully I found a new face wash that seems to keep it at bay. My hair gets slightly oilier (but I only wash it every 2-3 days anyways). I have also had some spotting. Nothing too extreme, I can get away with a single pantiliner for the day. The spotting has been on and off for the past months. It will come for a few weeks, and then leave for a few weeks. No weight gain, no funny cravings, no mood swings. 
FYI I&#039;m 23 years old, 120 lbs, and I exercise 5-6 days a week. Best of luck!"
"I just started this medication a few days ago and I am on 10 mg twice per day..I would have to say it works very well on my neck and back pain and my nauseating migraines which all result from a car accident and I&#039;m only 23 years old. I luckily have a very nice understanding doctor and know what I&#039;m going through and he has never turned me down when I&#039;ve needed an increase or change in meds."
"Broke my arm and was given the drug. Caused respiratory distress. Was told to never take it again. I woke up and the medical staff was slapping me on the chest and screaming for me to breathe!"
"I have been on anti-depressants for 6 years now after a car accident.  This is the third time my medication has been changed because they stopped working.  I take wellbutrin in the morning and cymbalta at night.  The only side effects I have had is increased sweating.  I sleep much better at night, used to just about fall asleep on my way to work - now I am much more awake, much calmer and loving it.  Hopefully this will keep working because I get to the point where I can&#039;t stand myself."
"So far I have lost a pound a day using this. I do crossfit in the mornings and I eat under 1800 calories a day. I also drink a gallon of water and get 8 hours of sleep everyday."
"I had my copper iud for a year before getting it removed due to constant bacterial vaginosis. I was going to the doctor every few months for an odor that never seemed to go away. I took metrodinazole that only helped me temporarily and then the BV would come back. I hated smelling myself because it was embarrassing and I got tired of going to the doctor. i never got pregnant and I thank the iud for that. but the odor and the pelvic pain that came with it made me take it out. my cramps were so bad with the iud, i would almost start crying. I also got eczema after getting the iud, which i never had prior to that. now I&#039;ve had the iud out for two months and my BV has completely gone away, i still have eczema, and i get NO cramps with my period"
"I have been on Prozac for about 2 months. It started feeling positive effects after about 3 days, I became more social and outgoing, had less crying spells after a month and I feel less physically dependent upon others and more stable with the ability to handle my own problems. Overall I think Prozac is a great medicine and it has definitely helped me so much! It has made me feel more caring, generous and sympathetic towards others. It has also made me more motivated to focus in college and gave me the ability to enjoy the activities that I take part in. So far the negative side effects I had were headaches on and off, feeling jittery almost as though I couldn&#039;t keep still (although this wore off after about a week), yawning, weight loss etc."
"So far it is much better and with less side effects than Celexa, Pristiq, Wellbutrin, Remeron or Viibryd.  Main issue is anxiety and this medicine stops it like nothing else.  It is in a whole different class.  Still finding out how it is going to work on my &quot;zest for life&quot; and other symptoms of depression.  Still a long way to go."
"I take this for bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. Was taking 850 Mg of Seroquel 1 in the morning 1 in the afternoon and 2 at night before bed time. I have been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder bipolar type. This is something like having both schizophrenia and bipolar at the same time. I did not like taking Seroquel because it made me gain weight and I felt like I always had to keep moving. I was put on Latuda 40 MG and it seems to work. I have been taking it for a week now. Almost no side effects. I am still here and see things that are not there but the Latuda helps me know what is real and not and it helps me better handle them. It works as good as any other one I have tried but side effect free. I highly recommend trying this out."
"Well I got skyla put in about 3 or 4 weeks ago. i have 3 kids already so the insertion was nothing lol compared to what I have read! It barely hurt just mild cramping and a tiny bit of pressure. But so far I&#039;ve had nausea with this and alot of spotting :/ the spotting started abt 4 or 5 days after I got it out in and it has not stopped !! Well I went in for the follow up to check the placement of it and I asked my Dr when the spotting would most likely stop and she said a couple weeks on and off so I&#039;m still waiting for it to stop this is the only thing I don&#039;t like abt it."
"I&#039;ve been taking phentermine since January. I wanted my health back on track so my doctor recommended this drug. I have been working out 4 times a week for an hour. I was 260lbs and am now 212lbs. Doctor still wants me to get down to at least 170lbs so he can take my off some of my medicines and keep me in maintenance program for about 9 months. I drink lots of water, count my calories and exercise. No complaints, just happy my health is much better."
"I have been on Saphris for 6 month. I have had great results from it. I take Lamotrigine with it. The only down fall is bad taste and I have gained 40 pounds on it! I&#039;m trying to weigh my pros and con&#039;s. Other than weight gain great medication."
"I am 25 years old. Not on birth control 2 years prior to taking this med. I just finished my 3rd month and everyday I have migraine, headaches and become dizzy for most of the day. I am switching.
On the other hand I used to feel nauseous around my ovulation, this med fixed that. No weight gain. Acne diminished. 
But the migraines get in the way of school and work."
"Pros: Lighter periods, some cramping but much less, no pregnancy scares. Little to no nausea after the first week. No migraines.
Cons: Horrible moodiness, depression, anxiety, feeling insecure. Weight gain (though less than other users). Painful intercourse.

After a year of being on this pill, I went off for 3 months due to insurance coverage issues. While I was off, I noticed an immediate improvement in mood and energy. After going back on, the depression/mood swings started back up again, and I noticed an extreme drop in libido. Though my experience was not as horribly negative as some others, I will be looking for another birth control."
"Amazing! I have been sick with Irritable Bowel Syndrome-Diarrhea for 5 years. Because of this I have been a stay at home mom those 5 years because I couldn&#039;t hold a job with my stomach issues. I have tried 4 different probiotics, Activia yogurt, pepper net extract pills, ginger pills, aloe juice and aloe pills. None have worked as effectively as this miracle pill after 2 days. I feel like a person again and not a toilet seat cover. I can now go to work because my kids are in school part time and I am not running to the bathroom. I have not experienced these side effects, only a little bloating. But I was always bloated anyway. I only hope this medicine has staying power and my body doesn&#039;t become used to it."
"Our son has gone through 3 other medicines, and this is the only one that has worked with no side effects.   We have noticed that it wears off at the end of the school day, so after school activities are a little more challenging.   He struggles a little in the evening, since it&#039;s definitely worn off by then, but what it does for him in school is great.  We&#039;re looking into options to help him in the evening without messing up his sleep."
"I had my daughter in March 2015 and I&#039;ve had the nexplanon for about a month now and so far I love it. The first few days were rough, my arm would feel like the muscle strength would randomly disappear sometimes and there was a day where I had a few hours of morning sickness like nausea. Neither of those side effects have lasted, and I am back to feeling like myself and have actually lost weight! I&#039;ve gone from 149 to 129 in a month! I haven&#039;t had any signs of a period yet which is great for me because my periods are terrible. The only other strange symptom has been two cystic acne like pimples at my hair line that wouldn&#039;t go away but I just checked and those have disappeared so I am VERY HAPPY with my decision to get the nexplanon!"
"I had one injection then three days later I thought - something is different. I can breathe! Checked my peak flow meter and it is up 45 points. Hurray. Can&#039;t wait for my next injection."
"Just had 1st 20mg...it&#039;s working!"
"Immediately made me feel like a new person! Helped me walk &quot;normal&quot; again, and go down stairs without horrible pain. Made my hands and feet swelling improve greatly. My hands were squishy, my feet were so swollen I couldn&#039;t fit in my shoes, and my toes looked like little sausages. Like any other medication there was side effects, of course moon face, weight gain, hair loss and horrible taste but I would do it all over again because it helped me so much with pain, swelling and is continuing to help me live normal. Yay for prednisone."
"I have been to scared to use the bathroom all day. After one dose of Macrobid (3ish hours after) I already have relief! I seriously can&#039;t believe it&#039;s working this fast."
"I&#039;m a 15 year old girl and I&#039;ve been using this product for about 2 years now. I used to sweat in my underarms so badly that I&#039;d have huge pit stains no matter if it was hot outside or not. I started wearing only baggy t-shirts to school because I was so uncomfortable. Then my doctor prescribed Hypercare and it truly works wonders. I put it on at night before I go to bed, and it burns, tingles, and itches a little, but it&#039;s definitely worth it. The next day I don&#039;t sweat AT ALL. Now I can wear cute clothes and I don&#039;t feel gross or uncomfortable! I love this product!"
"I am a 46 year old male. In 1988 I was going through a very serious bout with anxiety and depression. Luckily - there was a place called Freedom From Fear on Staten Island that was able to counsel me (free of charge, as was affiliated with Columbia University), and a doctor there prescribed for me a new drug that was just approved and available...Prozac. I took it for eight months or so and recovered - so much so that it helped me deal with the tragedy of my mother dying only a year later. Yes, this medicine saved my life. This is are the reason I am here right now. I only took the medicine for that eight months, and slowly got off it. Here I am 20 years later, totally fine!"
"I read these reviews daily when I was stressed, so I thought I&#039;d leave one.I had to take Plan B after a condom broke on Day 12 of my cycle (so I was fertile &amp; close to ovulation). I took it 45 minutes after the incident, and had no symptoms for around a week. After a week, I started bleeding. more than spotting but less than my normal period. It lasted around 5/6 days. I also had severely sore breasts, on and off cramps. Around a week after that I also had a lot of discharge (clear). These symptoms lasted on and off until I got my period yesterday. 

MY PERIOD WAS 23 DAYS LATE. Don&#039;t absolutely freak like I did. I went to the doctors and took pregnancy tests and still wouldn&#039;t calm down. Try to relax this works! Symptoms suck but not prego!"
"I have been taking ambien for a few years and it has made a profound change in my sleeping routines. I am getting better sleep than ever!"
"I&#039;ve been on Zovia almost 10 years now. Its cheap and worked for the reason I was taking it which was to prevent pregnancy. I can&#039;t say whether it made me gain weight because I figure after ten years its bound to normalize. I can say I get pretty bad PMS but I&#039;m not sure this pill was ever advertised to treat PMS symptoms. I experienced depression, bloat, irritability, anxiety and lethargy the week before every period. I attribute some to my family history of anxiety and depression though, and it was never something I brought up with my Doctor. Never thought there was any reason to change it until now. Recently I did find a side effect to be too much to bear; low libido. I don&#039;t even want a man to look at me let alone touch me it&#039;s so terrible."
"I was prescribed Tranexamic acid because of my debilitating periods. I am 45 years old and feel like I am 14 just starting my period again. Huge blood clots, heavy flow for 4 to 5 days, just a horrible mess. I admit I was afraid of the side effects, but just after 1 day I feel alright, I feel a bit drowsy but manageable. My flow is less than half of what it used to be. I take 650mg of Motrin every 8 hours with the Transexamic, and it has been a game changer for sure. This was the first option my doctor wanted me to take, second was the IUD and last being surgery. So far I am pretty happy!"
"Worked really well for nerve pain - it&#039;s a lot like Lortab or Vicodin. It gives an energy burst (depending on your tolerance level with these types of medicine) within 20-40 minutes."
"Had zero withdraw symptoms with this medication."
"I took Magesum Citrate (about 7 oz) before I went to bed and woke up ready to release. This is very effective, though it can take a while, and personally, it was pretty hard to down the bottle. The taste isn&#039;t bad, I actually kind of liked it, but it was very sweet and stayed in my mouth, not anything too dis comforting however. Overall, this works like a charm, but it can be hard to swallow and works slower than other medica tions for constipation."
"I am 62, and was diagnosed with RA about 10 years ago, I have been through a battery of drugs to suppress my immune system, ending up on subcutaneous methrotrexate 10mg, I originally had a &#039;bad day&#039; the day after my injections, however it seems to be getting to be a bad couple of days lately.  Intense pressure head ache (I&#039;m also a migraine sufferer), nausea, confusion, tiredness and now really troubled sleep, nightmares, and some visual disruption/ (almost hallucinations), feelings of panic, unease and claustrophobic.  I know the alternatives, stop and face RA full on, but I would rather get 3/4 good days than be on the road to being completely disabled."
"Before taking Inderal, I was on 300mg of Topamax daily, which was a miracle drug for me.  It completely got rid of my headaches, however, the side affects of Topamax were hard.  Now I&#039;ve been using Inderal for months and have found it almost as effective as Topamax but with little side affects.  I highly recommend it. "
"I have been taking Gilenya for almost a year and it&#039;s improved my quality of life because the side effects have been more tolerable because they have been far less frequent. I&#039;m not happy about my hair thinning or the risk of cardiology problems. But when weighing them against possible worsening of MS putting me in a wheelchair, it was an easy choice"
"Got it in 2014 and just took it out. 2 years 3 months ish and 20 pound weight gain. Some head aches and some mood swings but not as bad as others. No period. 3 day spotting every 3 months. Never got pregnant. So I guess it&#039;s effective if u ding mind weight gain. With working out and eating healthy your wont loose anything. My body is also sensitive to hormones so I know now I can&#039;t do them after 40 pound weight gain on depo. The removal was more painful than the insertion. There was scar tissue growing around half of it so half was in tact while the other half looked like someone chewed on it. I still have burning and pain after removal. I guess I&#039;ll have to see how long the pain lasts."
"Years I have had IBS. I hate it.   So embarrassing.  Bently helped so much. No more cramps. No more pain.  No more running to the bathroom or missing time at work.    The dry mouth is terrible but it&#039;s better than almost pooping my pants so I will put up with it."
"Just had a hysterectomy last Wednesday, I have been having &quot;very little&quot; if at all bowel motions. I woke up this morning in excruciating abdominal pain. I took 2 doses in orange juice and I produced my first bowel motion in 1 hour! Wow! More fiber, water, ambulation and Miralax should keep me regular."
"Everyone&#039;s experience WILL be different.  I have experienced anxiety all my life, but no depression.  A medium to low dose of Paxil has normalized me.  My previous extreme fear of nautiousness and throwing up has been quelled.  Ativan and Xanax are fine as a temp solution (say for flying), but Pax has provided me with a normal level of anxiety.   I give Paxil 5 stars, but only if you feel anxiety along with some OCD.  Depression, bipolar, might require something else."
"This is the only medicine that has not given me horrible side effects. I am pleased."
"I love this brand the best. And yes I can tell the difference between generic brand. My short term memory is BAD. Mood, weight loss harder to get. Levoxyl works best. I&#039;m glad my Dr. Listen to me."
"After a few years of not being on birth control I decided I needed to go back on it because the out of control mood swings and irrationality during PMS paired with the completely dibilitating back pain I was experiencing during the first two days of my period were ruining my life. 
Month 1: rough. Crazy emotions for the first two weeks. I could barely sleep for the first 9 days. My skin and hair got very oily and I got a couple pimples which I never do. My boobs got bigger without weight gain.
Month 2 - spotted for 1 day instead of a period but still had PMS mood. No back pain. Skin and hair A+. No weight gain.
In the months since then I haven&#039;t bled or PMS at all but my back pain is starting to come back in waves so I might discontinue."
"I take 10 mg at night for intense right leg spasms that were occurring every morning and sometimes multiple times per day. Very painful and debilitating. First week on Baclofen felt a bit drowsy at night, but that quickly subsided. It has almost entirely taken away the morning spasms, leg only feels a bit tight when it wants/needs to spasm. This medicine has changed my life! If I miss one dose, the spasms quickly return. I definitely recommend this to anyone with spasm pain."
"Breakthrough bleeding, two periods in one month, weight gain, horrible lower back pain and cramping and terrible acne! Not moody at all but all the above a good reason to find something else"
"Did not work for me. But then I have not found anything that works for me."
"Dr put me on lavalo, I took it for a few months, 2 mg, then he increased to 4 mg.  I did start very bad upper back pain, hot flashes, weak but the worst side effect was horrible hives. The hives gradually got worse until I pinpointed livalo as being the culprit.  Took myself off and gradually the hives diminished. I&#039;m still having hives just not as bad , but bad enough to bring me to tears.  I was also diagnosed with eczema a few years back, which I don&#039;t think I have. It&#039;s a mystery to most.  The hives have not completely went away, now every night I get them.  The first time I went to the Dr she told me to take Benadryl at night and losartin in the morning.  It helped for a few weeks but the hives started coming back. I&#039;m miserable"
"Worst birth control I have ever taken. Went on it to regulate my period and stop my horrible cramps. Yes it did the job but gave me massive anxiety, depression and suicidal thoughts. Was on it for about a month and a half and stopped immediately. My sex drive completely disappeared and still took a while to come back after I stopped taking this pill. I was moody 24/7 and not in a good mental state. Worst stuff I have ever taken."
"I&#039;m 17 and I&#039;ve been using Nuvaring for a little over a month. Aside from not being able to get as wet and some random mood swings, I think it&#039;s great! It&#039;s my first form of birth control, its SO simple. It has only fallen out once during sex but other than that no discomfort or problems on my part or my boyfriends. NO PREGNANCY SCARES. Also I&#039;ve noticed that my breasts have gotten bigger. No complaints there. I&#039;d for sure recommend Nuvaring to others to try out."
"Wow!  My urinary incontinence started several years ago and I&#039;ve been wearing pads. I decided it was time to let my doctor order me a pill.  He gave me samples of Vesicare and I have taken them for one month.  They really worked for me.  Now when I get the urge, I head for the bathroom immediately but I have not wet my pants.  I have not had the side effects that some of you have had.  I have had a &quot;raspy&quot; voice a few times but chalked it up to postnasal drip which I&#039;ve always had but even that has cleared up some so maybe that&#039;s the &quot;dry mouth&quot; part of it but it&#039;s certainly is not a problem..I still have lots of saliva. It&#039;s expensive even with my insurance covering 80% but after reading other medicine reviews, I guess I&#039;ll stay with it."
"I had a 4.8 mm stone that had been plaguing me for 3 weeks. I had been taking pain medicines off and on as needed and drinking plenty of water but I could tell (plenty of experience) that the stone was hung up just before entering the bladder in the narrowest part of the ureter.  I called the urologist to ask for a prescription for Flomax.  They were hesitant - didn&#039;t think I could pass it.  Long story short, they prescribed, I took it, stone passed less than 24 hours later.  Flomax   pain medicines   plenty of water = passing kidney stone quickly and inexpensively."
"A real life changer. I&#039;ve had hyperhidrosis since high school (now 25) and I was always hiding in dark clothes to hide the stains. It does burn and itch when I put it on but I&#039;d take that over the excessive sweating anyway. Pros definitely outweigh the cons!"
"Smoked for 43 years 2packs a day tried to quit with patch, hypnosis, chantex didn&#039;t work for me .  I went on bupropion 2 times a day for three days bad side effects but after 3 days all side effects went away .  I smoked for three weeks on the medication and quit. It was not hard to quit I was on the medicine for a total of 2 months quit the medicine and have been smoke free for 6 months ."
"4 CAPSULES AT NIGHT worked for me after 3 months.But the cost is outrageous."
"Quick relieve from anxiety improved mood and more productivity.

Love it."
"No effect after 3 months on it."
"I was so excited because everyone said it was so good. But now it&#039;s been 6 months. At first it was awesome. But now I have gained weight and even when I don&#039;t eat or only eat salads and eat healthy,I can&#039;t lose weight. And lately I&#039;m extremely irritable and my depression has gotten much worse than before. Now my menstrual cycle lasts up to ten days and this month it stopped for 2 weeks and I started spotting again. And I&#039;ve always had bad cramps during menstrual cycle but now it&#039;s all the time and twice as bad sometimes. I use to recommend this but now I don&#039;t anymore. I&#039;m going to make an appointment to have it removed this coming week."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 for about 8 months. Since I&#039;ve been on it I have lost my sex drive, can&#039;t sleep, slurred speech, headaches, you name it. I was happy to see other users have had similar side effects. I have been going crazy thinking something was wrong and now I know it&#039;s the pill! I have to say an upside to the pill is I started with short, light periods and now I don&#039;t even get my period at all. But the side effects are just too much to handle so I&#039;m getting off this pill."
"I was put on Intuniv because I have schizophrenia and ADHD as I can&#039;t take the stimulant type medications.  I used the starter kit and did not notice any improvement in my focus or attention.  I was so tired I was falling asleep at 7-9pm at night and waking up at 6-7 in the morning.  I went to table tennis and was just a zombie.  I was asleep on my feet and couldn&#039;t wait for class to end instead of being my normal happy active self during class. I stopped taking this medicine ...even if it had helped with my ADHD it would probably have not been worth the side effects."
"I was prescribed this as my first ever birth control, because I had horrible 14 day long periods. It got to the point where i&#039;d end up dizzy &amp; hyperventilating. So my doc gave me this, so far everything has been normal except my boobs don&#039;t feel the same. I&#039;ve only been on the pill for about three weeks but my bras are all too tight now and the girls feel super heavy. Coming from a 16 year old who&#039;s had B cup for a while, this was a surprise. I haven&#039;t had any mood swings out of the regular and my acne is nonexistent."
"My wife has taken Donepezil (first 5mg then after a year 10mg) for some three years.  Initially her Folstein MMS score was 28/30 and is now 17/30.  She has no apparent side effects.  I cannot tell what my wife would be like without it - now her forgetfulness is almost instantaneous and she is now incapable of independent living."
"Came home from college classes at 10:15 am  got out of my car and felt the chills coming.  Went upstairs to rest and figured that I&#039;m sick.  Called my doc and scheduled an appointment.  He prescribed me Tamiflu and I thought, &quot;Anything that makes this cruddy feeling go away is better than nothing.&quot;  Took one when I got home at 4pm  and one at 9pm.  Woke up the next morning feeling way better than the day before.  Fever went down, slight headache persisted.  Otherwise, a champion of a medicine!"
"The only side effects I had from this was sore breasts and constipation. Other than that, it worked well. Better than expected."
"Over the years I have gained a good amount of weight and it seems no matter what diet I tried after 2 weeks I found myself cheating and felt like a failure.  I was always in good physical shape but in my 30&#039;s that changed.  My dr suggested Qsymia to me and put me on it in June.  Since then I have successfully lost 29 pounds.  I exercise, I eat what I want but the portions are controlled and I only treat myself to a sliver of cake or sweets once a week.  I exercise 3 times a week.  I have had no side effects except once in awhile a dry mouth.  I give Qsymia a thumbs up-- it has given me back my confidence and has allowed me to learn to control my eating."
"My doctor has given me about 7 or 8 blood pressure medicines but I would have some bad side effect and the medicines would not work or would bring my blood pressure down too low. Niacin the only blood pressure medicine that has controlled my blood pressure with minimal side effects."
"I had my thyroid removed due to cancer 9 years ago. The doctor initially put me on Synthroid in various dosages which didn&#039;t work, then levothyroxin which also did not work. It took about a year before we all agreed my body was not absorbing it for some reason. A miserable year. I wasn&#039;t sure I would ever get to be &quot;me&quot; again. I was always exhausted, sad, lost my temper to a degree it was scary, and everything took a lot of effort. Depression had certainly set in and I had not experienced that before. Finally a neighbor told me about Armour so I asked for it. Don&#039;t believe the Synthroid smear campaign. This stuff works and is cheap! I alternate two strengths daily and a 30 day supply from Costco is about $35."
"Gives me moderate headaches, acne, fatigue and susceptibility to infections when I use it but it does help to manage ulcerative colitis. I have to balance between the side effects of the medicine and the intestinal damage. My goal is to use it once a week."
"I just started this drug 8/21/17, .06 mg.  I weighed this morning and was surprised to see I was already down 2.2 lbs.  I know this won&#039;t be typical, but was concerned when I didn&#039;t feel any of the side effects, thinking maybe it wasn&#039;t going to work for me.  Not much appetite, but forcing myself to eat something."
"I&#039;ve had Nexplanon for about 4 months now. The first few months were great, no bad side effects and I didn&#039;t get my period at all. Then this month I started spotting (about 12 days ago) and it hasn&#039;t stopped yet. It&#039;s actually gotten heavier like a normal period and I&#039;m having a lot of cramping. My skin has gotten a lot worse in the last month when it was pretty clear before. I have also lost weight and my appetite has decreased, not sure if it&#039;s from the birth control but I think it could be. I&#039;m going to wait a few more months to see if these side effects continue/get worse before deciding whether or not to go back to the pill. At least it is effective as a birth control, as I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant."
"I have tendonitis in both elbows and ankles I am young and fit very active person a few months ago I could barely walk or hold a cup of water to my mouth without being in consent pain, I pushed through as much as I could but one day it got too much I went to my doctor who prescribed me 500mg Naproxen and instantly the pain has gone, I am back running and at the gym doing weights. I have had no side effects."
"I&#039;ve been taking the pills for 4 months now. I was using  the mirena for 7years prior. Pros: no pregnancy,very light menstrual cycle, and no spotting. Cons: 1 st month pregnancy symptoms, ongoing: increase appetite,  bigger breast with sore to touch, and headache from time to time. If you can control your diet and exercise the weight gain won&#039;t occur or would be more manageable."
"I have degenerative disc disease. Medication works well. I have been on it for a year now with my oxycodone. It works miracles, I can go to work everyday and support my family ans when I come home I can actually enjoy the daily activities with my children, I once could not have thought of doing. I am so glad my life is back and am so grateful for a great doctor who after years found a way to put me back on my feet."
"Have had a cold for a little over a week now. Yes, I had it during Christmas, and I&#039;ll still have it for New Year&#039;s Eve. For 3 or 4 nights in a row, I couldn&#039;t sleep, due to a tickling in my throat when I would lie down at night. I would cough violently, attempting to stop the tickle. I was so exhausted by the time I went to the doctor for help. I&#039;d tried everything over-the-counter with dextromethorphan HBr (Mucinex Fast-MAX) and pseudoephedrine (Sudafed) but nothing was touching it. Thanks to one tiny teaspoon of this prescription elixir, I&#039;ve just enjoyed 10 hours of solid (uninterrupted) sleep! Hallelujah! I didn&#039;t wake up even once to cough! I&#039;m so glad there&#039;s still something out there that works!"
"I was depressed for 2 months while on this pill. As soon as I stopped taking it my depression went away. I have a prescription for Naturethroid and I really hope it works!"
"this med is awful for me. I am more out of control than I was on lantus. terrible headaches in the afternoon and evening. my hypo awareness is worse. if it wasn&#039;t for my cgm I would probably be in hospital or dead. I think new meds are a great thing, but when your insurance renews in oct - nov people can no longer afford it due to copays ,so they have to change back to a more affordable med and start all over again it&#039;s a terrible way to live."
"I have been taking tetracyne for a month now, my face and upper back cleared up, but my lower back acne and side acne flared up. I&#039;m not sure why that happened."
"After two months of being on this medication, I had to wean off. I just couldn&#039;t take it anymore. You feel absolutely horrible on this stuff. Severe brain fog, unease, restless, extremely affected my cognitive abilities, etc. This was the worst SSRI I have ever taken. It did not work for me, however, it might work for you. After two months of being off the medication, the brain fog and cognitive abilities are still present, this did not happen on other SSRIs."
"Did not work at all for me. So disappointed.  It was very expensive.  And I think it might have made my skin worse."
"I&#039;ve been on Junel Fe for 4 months now and it is horrible! I have never had anxiety this bad and I cry all the time over the littlest things!! I am tired all the time and my boyfriend has noticed that I&#039;ve become a lot more emotionally unstable since starting this pill. My last two periods lasted over two weeks and they were very heavy. I would not recommend if you struggle with anxiety or depression. The one good thing that came out of this is that I&#039;m not pregnant lol"
"This product was very effective in preventing pregnancy and made my periods a lot lighter but, for me, it came with a lot of side effects. I was extremely moody, I wanted to break down and cry about even the littlest things, I was temperamental and got irritated easier than normal, and my period was extremely irregular. I was only on it for 3 months with these side effects being continuous the entire time so my nurse practitioner decided to change my contraceptive to Levora. I&#039;m 18, healthy, 5&#039;4&quot; and about 110lbs. Hope this helps."
"I am a senior citizen who has been on Restasis for 5 yrs.  It is so expensive that using it puts me in the medicare donut hole.  The drug company, Allergan, is unwilling to give me assistance in the form of samples and my dr&#039;s office gave me two samples one time during the 5 yr. period and after that will not help.  I was refused two samples to get me through until Jan 1 when my new insurance year begins.  It costs $481.35 for a monthly supply so even though my copay is only $30, I am in the donut hole by August at the latest.  Allergan has a racket going on here at the expense of the patient. It&#039;s not affordable even though it&#039;s effective. Totally unfair, corrupt company."
"I have lost a total of 100lb in 1 year on this.  I have about 50 more pounds to go."
"I love NuvaRing. A few years back I went on the pill for a few months and was almost suicidal. After dating my boyfriend for several months I decided it would be safer to go on some form of protection and my physician recommended NR. The first month and a half I was an emotional wreck. Irritable and moody and it almost ruined my relationship. I feel nothing now except for a moment of cramping. He can&#039;t feel it during sex either and I never feel it day-to-day. I am very dry during intercourse regardless of a level of stimulation. That&#039;s my only complaint"
"I cannot tell you how pleased I am to have found epiduo. I had horrible acne all throughout middle school then I finally cleared it up by high school. I was happy with my skin for about a year...then I got on birth control which broke me out horribly. My acne was just as bad as it was in middle school, except now I was 18 years old. I went back to the dermatologist and tried everything. Nothing worked. I finally switched dermatologists and they immediately put me on epiduo. Within two months my face has cleared except for the occassional one or two pimples around my period. I&#039;ve never been happier. Dried my face out a little at first, but all acne medications do. It&#039;s well worth it - a life saver."
"I had another GI doctor suggest Miralax for a colonoscopy prep and that was a mistake. the doctor who did the test could not see anything and I had to come back another time with a &quot; real prep&quot;"
"Ive been in recovery from opiods for 14 months( which my dr prescribed for chronic hip bursitis. worse thing ever), anyways,I take 15mg of remeron and sleep like a rock. I take it 1 hr before bed, and I don&#039;t wake up once in the night. I used to toss and turn from pain every 1hour and woke up exhausted.  Now I sleep straight through and my anxiety is gone.  I never considered myself a depressed person, but I can say my mood is even better.  If you cant sleep, I would def recommend this!"
"I&#039;ve had asthma since I was 18. Over the last 36 years, it has gotten progressively worse. My lungs were always congested and breathing was always labored. Prednisone used to work for a few months and clear up those symptoms but not anymore.  Already in my 50s and my breathing getting steadily worse, I did some research to find the best respiratory hospital in the USA. In July 2015 which I went to and I was diagnosed with eociniphilic asthma but Nucala wasn&#039;t yet approved. I started Nucala in April 2017. By the fourth shot, I&#039;m a new person. I can breathe without lung congestion and haven&#039;t used my rescue inhaler at all in five weeks. It&#039;s a miracle drug! Thank you GlaxoSmthKline!!"
"Miracle pill."
"Was given an im injection in the buttocks for migraines and it was completely ineffective. The pain that the injection caused was infuriating considering there was absolutely no relief of the headache."
"So far, so good. I&#039;m using this so I can continue breastfeeding and not have another baby yet. No side effects, and I have not had my period, which is nice. My baby is 8 months old, and we&#039;re both happy!"
"I have Undifferentiated Spondyloarthropathy, MCTD &amp; SLE. I started Rituxan at the end of December 2015 after Enbrel lost efficacy. I am also on MTX &amp; Plaquenil. My rheum explained that Rituxan works in a different manner from the TNF inhibitors and because of this it takes longer to work. While I began noticing Enbrel&#039;s efficacy within 2 weeks and was in remission by 3 months, with Rituxan I didn&#039;t even notice any difference until about 10 weeks in. I have slowly improved, but I am not in remission. Prior to Rituxan most of my joints were painful; after 14 weeks I am down to about 15. My daily pain level has gone from about an 8 to 4 or 5. My rheum said sometimes patients will see a better response after dose #4. I hope for remission. I will redose in 6 months following the RA guidelines."
"I had the shot on October 5th 2016 and I can honestly say that I would never recommend this shot to anyone. I have bled every single day since I received it and it is now December 10th. Talk about about low sex drive when you&#039;re constantly bleeding 24/7. Not fun. Not to mention that it has made me feel weak every second of the day. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s from bleeding so much or what. It&#039;s also caused stage 1 acne on my face. I&#039;ve never had problems with any kind of acne until receiving this shot. I&#039;ve gained about 5 pounds since October too. Needless to say I will never be on this birth control again once it wears off. It has made me feel absolutely awful about myself."
"Started suffering with severe migraines 2 years ago, presented with sensitivity of light, extreme sickness and impaired cognitive function. Started off on 10mg nortriptyline, increased to 25mg and now 50mg and now I only get migraines once a month, been on it for a year and seen an incredible improvement."
"I was given Paxil 20 mg for depression.  I had not taken any antidepressant during my life.  My greatest sadness was when my brother died.  It stopped working.  I know this med is NOT a magic pill.  Instead of feeling better, I was feeling worse.  I did NOT do ANY research on this med.  My Family Practice MD told me to take 40 mg.  Again, I took the med but didn&#039;t really feel well on this med.  I gained LOTS of weight.  I was put on the med because I was depressed and NOT eating.  That changed quickly, when I started the Paxil.  I finally decided that Paxil was not working for me, I was overweight and I decided to wean from this med.  I started educating myself regarding Paxil.  Paxil MUST be tapered/weaned.  Med can&#039;t be stopped abruptly."
"This medication saved me! I was having daily panic attacks that were very physical and completely out of nowhere. I would think I was not getting a full breath. I would think that my chest was tightening and my body would go numb. My mind would become fuzzy and I would be paralyzed with fear. It happened during my classes, in movies, when I was out to eat, and I started feeling bad that those around me had to deal with me. Eventually, I just knew that it was a panic attack and I would and cry until it passed everyday in the nurses office at school. This was 5 years ago and I have been on buspar ever since! I have not had ONE bad panic attack in 5 years.. I would advise taking before bed, it makes you feel weird and tired like dead weight"
"It worked for me. In the beginning I thought it wasn&#039;t working, but it was just building up I guess. I was still having auditory hallucinations when I did too much stuff and didn&#039;t sleep properly, but that was just me. The Vraylar stopped my delusions of &quot; everyone is trying to modify me&quot; or &quot;everyone is plotting to put me in the mental hospital&quot;. I am getting along fine with everyone now!
Unfortunately, even with the copay, I can&#039;t afford it. So I&#039;m switching to another antipsychotic.
Just sharing that this medication does work. 
My blood sugar didn&#039;t go sky high, which was a huge fear of mine because I did go full blown diabetic and had to be hospitalized on other antipsychotics ( which I will not name). I did not gain any weight."
"I%u2019m 37 and I had been suffering from panic disorder since I was 25 and this works great for anxiety."
"So I have always been a big girl! I have 3 kids and with each pregnancy there was added weight that just carried over and you know how the story goes...I pushed myself and my wants and needs to the side and took care of everyone but myself. The more weight I put on the more depressed I got. I got to 280lbs!!!! My body was in constant pain and discomfort and I knew I had to stop and do do something about it. I started the pills last year and lost a total of 125lbs!!! Not just the pills but I started the gym, did zumba 3 times a week and started eating good. The pills aren&#039;t the magic fix. They just help you kind of like a kick start. Sure I had side effects!!!! But nothing that would out weight being close to 300lbs."
"20 y/o college female. Keeps me alert, focused, awake. I usually wait a little bit after taking it to have caffeine, not necessary just personal preference based on how it makes me feel. Switched to it after taking vyvanse for almost a year, which was great but it eventually made me irritable. so far i have loved this medication. no side effects, but if you take a dose too late in the day it will keep you up at night. i take 5mg in the morning and then another dose when i really need to focus. shorter release so i feel like i need a nap after 4-5 hours. overall would recommend."
"Painless, no side effects, assume it is doing its thing."
"Started taking Bydureon 6 weeks ago.  The first 4 weeks, blood sugars were lower by 15-25 points, no weight loss but happy with BS results.  Week 5, began to be very nauseous on and off, being around food or cooking for  family difficult.  Could only eat bland, room temp/cold foods like half a bagel, granola bar, cereal, bananas.  Everything else made me sick.  Week 6, nausea much worse without stopping, could not tolerate smell/sight of food, especially meat.  Weekend trip with family was ruined because I could not be in any restaurants.  Vomited several times.  Finally called my doctor and he took me off of it.  Waiting to get it all out of my system.  Will look for alternative drug."
"First dose slept 22 hours. After that no problem. Works very well on my lower back pain caused by arthritis and compressed disks 3,4,5. I take hydrocodone 10s every 6 hours also. Hope this helps with your decision."
"This is my third colonoscopy.  Sure,  Suprep doesn&#039;t taste good,  but it&#039;s no where near as bad as the Phosphosoda stuff I had years ago with the first procedure.  That stuff was like drinking concentrated sea water. The Suprep was a walk in the park by comparison. 

The two day prep worked well for me and I think the bland,  low bulk,  low fiber diet two days before the procedure reduces the cramps and abdominal discomfort.  Thirty minutes after the first dose it started working.   I had a little nausea,  a few chills, but nothing major.  I have yet to take the second dose but don&#039;t anticipate any problems."
"I had suffered from extreme anxiety and depression for a few years and countless prescribed anti-depressants prior to trying Effexor. I suffered anxiety so bad that it was hard to do daily tasks such as driving and going to the grocery store. I went through countless jobs because a panic attack would strike at work and I would have to rush out of the situation and never return because the fear of it happening again would haunt me. The very first day being on Effexor, I felt like a different person. For the first time in years, I wanted to venture out into the world and be around people. After a week of being on 75 mg, I landed a job and now, two years later I am still symptom free and off the medicines. I give this medicine a big 10!"
"So far I have been on Victoza for three weeks now, at first being on the 1.2 dose was very nauseating, so I went back to 0.6 and that reduced the nausea, but that was not the solution to the blood sugar highs, now being back to the 1.2 dosage the nausea is not bad and my hunger is so reduced that I now have to force myself to eat.  My only main side effect so far has been the headaches.  I love the fact that I only have to take this once a day.  Insurance companies and the government need to take note of the successes some are having and start including this on all medical/prescription plans.  "
"Hi, firstly let me make this clear, no one paid me to write this review. I am simply giving away my experience so that if there are any guys out there who suffer from the same thing as I did then please DO NOT worry. 

I am 24 years old, healthy male. I had an amazing sex life throughout my teen years. But recently I started going out with this new girl, and really love her but couldn&#039;t get an erection, so read up loads and came across Cialis, I was anxious about taking it, but I took a 10mg, and my sexual desire, drive and endurance was through the roof. I guess its a good way to eliminate performance anxiety. Totally recommend it, its an amazing medicine but come off it when you are ready."
"I have heard so many negative reports about the mirena coil. I had mine fitted 8 months ago and am very pleased with it.  The only symptoms I have noticed are being more aggressive and an even higher sex drive."
"My body had developed resistance for the  sitagliptin after 45 days of use. Sitagliptin worked fine with my body for 40-45 days and became ineffective later. My doctor switched me to glipizide/glimepiride which works with my body effectively even after 1 yr use along with metformin combination."
"Before my psychotic break that turned into a delusional police chase I was manic, terribly delusional, thought the devil was everywhere I went, thought people were after me, thought devil controlled electronics and the internet. Just too many bad symptoms and after receiving invega injection I&#039;ve been told that I was more outgoing, and had absolutely no symptoms. But the side effects sucks such as high prolactin levels which resulted in low testosterone, anhedonia, and lower emotions"
"I&#039;m thrilled with this product. After using for 6 weeks I have gone 7 days without have to remove facial hair. I have blond hair so hence laser wouldn&#039;t work for me. After going through the menopause I was having to pluck almost daily, I was staggered at the speed the hair was growing. I heard about this product googling methods of hair removal, and found out it was available on prescription in the UK. I went to my GP, thinking I would have to beg to get it prescribed as it&#039;s very expensive. My GP was extremely sympathetic and happily agreed, and wished me good luck, as I believe sadly it doesn&#039;t work for everyone. I really hope more and ladies hear about this product. Absolute life saver!!"
"This Medicene makes me sick!!! Nauseated so bad.! Will call Doctor to see if their is another option. No way I can take this for several more days."
"I had the skyla inserted 1.5 months ago. That process was painless- I was put under total sedation and don&#039;t remember a thing. So I switched from the pill to skyla so I wouldn&#039;t have to go to the pharmacy every month and deal with the copay as well as remembering to take that dang pill the same time every day. so, got the thing inserted everything fine except for the fact I have been getting HEAVY periods that last more than 10 days at a time for 2 times a month (oh yea I definitely can&#039;t get pregnant now because I don&#039;t want to have sex). I have had a slight change in moodiness (uncontrollable anger/sadness) and my shoulders and lower back is now covered in acne! Gyno says to wait 3 mo for side effects to wear off."
"I take this drug since about 3 years ago every other day.  I am a HBP patient so no decongestants for me.  This one is the one that has alleviated my allergies, as I have been a sufferer all of my life.  But it also makes me so relax that I sleep for more than 10 hours, then by Spring time they are not enough for me, and  taken everyday, I doze the whole day and symptoms of congestion is worse, I stopped using Flonase because it irritates my nose, then it burns and bleed.  So this year I tried myself a combination of both Levocetirizine 5 m and over the counter Claritin.  I felt so alleviated from my Spring allergy but I didn&#039;t feel sleepy at all."
"This medication has given me a love hate for it, I had horrible cystic acne all over my face neck shoulders chest and back! I have been on the medication 3 weeks now and have seen a drastic improvement! I have tried other medications that yielded no results at all. If you want to start taking this medication for your acne I recommend it but be warned the side effects are nasty! I have the worst joint pain in my feet and ankles every morning and it last for a few hours also my lips have been very dry and I have been applying way too much carmax.  my face has dry spot from where the acne is clearing up and that doesn&#039;t look too attractive either. All in all this medication works and you will love the results but the side effects suck"
"If I take it as soon as the mildest cramping begins, it works well. However, I may still run to the bathroom for 2 or more hours before I am completely relieved of pain and cramping.

Also, you need to drink a significant amount of water throughout the day; it dries out your mouth and throat. For me, I can take half a pill and not dry up so severely."
"Pain Free. Effective.  Cream causes itching temporarily."
"Month 5 on Clomid, 25mg days 5-10 and still no luck. I&#039;ve been charting temps and using OPK&#039;s,  while being monitored every month with scans and lab work. Side effects are rough after I O. I cramp and get backaches to the point where I can&#039;t get out of bed. Thinking this will be my last month since I&#039;ve been gaining about 8lbs per month."
"I started ParaGard about three months after giving birth to my second child.  I had it removed 14 months later.  Pros: 1) I didn&#039;t have to remember to take it.  2) Didn&#039;t change my mood or weight 3) Comforting that there weren&#039;t any unnecessary hormones in my body 4) It was effective in preventing pregnancy.  Cons: 1) My periods lasted for THREE weeks on average (sometimes a little less, sometimes a little more).  -I was told it will get back to normal, give it a few months -After it didn&#039;t, they refused to believe it was the IUD because it was copper/nonhormonal.  2) less sex with my husband because of the heaviness and length of my periods.
 -------- I had it removed and my periods were almost instantly back to normal (3-5 days)."
"40 year old male. I have been on Belviq for 8 weeks. I&#039;ve lost 20 pounds to date. I had a starting BMI of 32. It has totally removed my night time cravings for food. My biggest problem is late night eating. I usually eat pretty healthy during the day and ruin it at night because I am a night owl and would get hungry late night and would resort to snacks or even worse, fast food. Belviq makes me not think of food all the time and I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;m not eating as much during meal time. I try to work out 3 times a week but with my work schedule, it can be hard and some weeks I don&#039;t work out at all. I am happier and can&#039;t wait to lose more. No noticeable side effects here."
"I have been using ropinirole for about 2 1/2 years now. I finally can get a good night&#039;s sleep. I take it nightly; I can&#039;t forget to take it because my legs start getting restless. I have had to increase dosage to 2 mg and I have never experienced any side effects to my knowledge."
"If you have acne that is likely hormone related (if it&#039;s not then this medicine won&#039;t help you) and you are taking spironolactone but are getting impatient, DON&#039;T GIVE UP!! I have been taking spironolactone 50 mg/day for about 4 months and finally started seeing results a few weeks ago. It really can help you, just be patient! My life is changed because of this medicine. No more painful, incessant cysts on my chin, no more piling on makeup trying to hide my acne, no more shutting myself in my house because I don&#039;t want to see anyone. I did have a BAD initial breakout, but now that I am seeing results, it was so worth it."
"I&#039;ve been literally suffering from hot flashes &amp; night sweats for months now.  Estroven worked for a minute, but they soon returned, &amp; appeared angry for my trying to get rid of them, lol; they were even more severe. I began taking gabapentin 300mg for something else and noticed the diminishing of the hot flashes. At first, I didn&#039;t make the connection. I couldn&#039;t wait for the time to take one to have more of the drug in my system. Joking aside, I feel like a renewed person after just 4 days of taking them so yes, I&#039;m a little giddy. :) I did feel a little light-headed after the very first pill, but not since then. I have also experienced no other side effects so I&#039;m just so grateful to feel normal again. Its been awful, especially in public."
"I took Adipex (37.5) from February 2012-April 2012 and in that span of time I went from 300 lbs down to 170 lbs. That is a loss of 130 lbs. I hardly ate  anything but grilled chicken, fruit, and powerade. I walked at least 2 miles everyday. I got Pregnant at the end May 2012 so I had to stop taking it. My baby is now 2 years and 5 months and my weight has gone back up to a very uncomfortable 240 lbs. I still exercise regularly but not as often as I should. I have an appointment in 3 weeks to get adipex again and I am hoping and praying that I have the same results as before. This is a great aid in loosing weight for anybody who struggles with loosing weight by diet alone. Wish me luck...will update in 90 days!!!"
"I have been taking Savella for over a year, it helped with the pain but the side effects kept getting worse for me, not better.  The profuse sweating got worse. It finally became unbearable and I had to stop the medication.  I was changing clothes 2 and 3 times a day, and taking 2 showers a day due to the sweating. Also caused body odor."
"I struggled  with agonizing constipation for decades!  My entire digestive system is slow! Drinking up to a gallon of water a day, exercise, fiber nothing worked unless I took dulcolax and it often came with nausea unbearable cramps ( I even fainted on several occasions). I have a severe back issue and the constipation doubled the pain because of the constant pressure. Finally went to the Dr (GI specialist ) and he prescribed LINZESS .  When I picked up the med. and googled it I figured out it was the same medication for which I  participated in a study back in 2009.  Its a life saver !!!! Going every other day is awesome and I was able to put off my back surgery for at least 6 more mo.  No funky side effects! !"
"I was prescribed 50mg of Seroquel at bedtime to help sleep. It works wonders for that, it didn&#039;t help much with my anxiety. I also take 1,000mg of Depakote per day and 20mg of Dexedrine ER for ADHD. The Depakote is no longer effective enough and my doctor is thinking about switching me to Lithium."
"At first I was a bit skeptical. This is my first time using any pill for ADHD. It took at least 2 hours to kick in, but when it did, I worked on 3 assignments non stop for 8 hours and my brain is still clicking. This really helped me!"
"Have used it before and it works great for my heavy menstrual bleeding"
"I am currently on 375mg Lamotrigine, and until recently, on 300mg Vimpat.  My seizures reduced from one/month to one over a three month period, but still had frequent auras. My doctor increased my Vimpat to 400mg and I have not had a seizure in over 6 months and have had maybe only one aura. My seizures have started only in my sleep and it is a relief now to go to bed with out fearing that I will have a seizure.  The only &#039;bad&#039; side effect is the difficulty coming up with words. It&#039;s very irritating and does affect my job to some degree, but the tradeoff is worth it."
"I recommend it to anyone. I have high blood pressure, thyroid problems, diabetes and I take Celexa. Coricidin HBP worked for me. I was so sick coughing and vomiting. After 3 days of taking this I felt a big difference."
"When I got bv, usually it went away on its own within 2-3 days. When it lasted for months I finally got the metrogel and after the first day, no more smell! Had zero side effects as well. I finally feel normal again!!"
"I started taking the patch because I thought it would be much easier than taking a pill everyday at a certain time and it sure is. Personally I do not experience many side effects at all. When I&#039;m on my period week I do experience more headaches but I take use the patches for 3 months straight so I only have a period every 3 months. I have recently had some issues with them staying on, I always applied them to my behind but now I&#039;ve started putting them on my arm. I would recommend them, I think they are much more convenient than a lot of other forms of birth control."
"Ok not enough room on this review to put up my full history.  So will be brief.  :)  So far, tried Asacol and Humira and both did nothing for me.  Now I am on Lialda twice a day, 1.2GM tablets.   And these are working great.  No cramps and limiting me now to about 2 - 3 bowel movements a day.   And no bloody stools unlike my past.  (10 years diagnosis).  I have also changed my diet to a Mediterranean diet with little to no red meat.  Mainly chicken and fish for my sources of protein. No deep fried foods. And has worked out great.  Also for veggies/greens etc, skip out on any gas producing vegs (broccoli and onions for example). And taking vitamins/iron supplements daily to keep those well maintained."
"Percocet seemed to be the only pill that would help me while I was dealing with the pain from 2 herniated discs in my back (pre- surgery.) Although it couldn&#039;t take even close to all the pain away, it did help significantly. I was taking 10mg/ 4 times a day, and I was still in significant pain, but it worked better than advil, hydrocodone, and dilauded. Now post- surgery, I only take it for breakthrough pain."
"Works for me. Blood pressure went from 170/90 to 135/76 in just a couple of days. No noticeable side effects at all."
"The first 2-3 months were amazing, some spotting but it took my period from 7 days to 4 days, less cramping, not so heavy. there was menstrual cramping but not like before. When I missed my first pill I figured &quot;meh maybe 2 days of spotting&quot; Boy was I wrong, my period has lasted a week and half with cramping and somewhat of heavy flow (very annoying) then again (my fault) I missed another pill, and now I&#039;ve had my period for a month (&amp; counting) Not my cup of tea. When I didn&#039;t have insurance I was paying almost $100 out of pocket, and now that I do I don&#039;t think I want to take it anymore. 
Everybody is different, I&#039;m just a forgetful person &amp; is the reason for my month long period."
"My 8 year old daughter has been diagnosed with precocious puberty.  While being proactive about the whole issue of stunted growth and and early menses etc., We (my husband and I) were in the process of setting up an appointment to have her initial injection of the drug, lupron depot-PED and guess what?...she started her first menstrual cycle.  We still went ahead with the treatment as planned.  We are three treatments into the whole plan and things are going well but there is a side effect that has lingered hot flushes that are still waking her up during the night."
"I was diagnosed with chronic depression and put on 30 mg.  I used to cry at least once each day.  I have been on Cymbalta for the last 25 days and I have not even cried once.  For me it only caused nausea and I lost about 3kgs, which for me was not a side effect but a motivation to use the medicine."
"I have been on Aciphex for about 12 years. It is the only thing that works for my GERD. "
"I&#039;ve had my Mirena placed back in January of 2011 after I had my son. My insertion wasn&#039;t bad, but it wasn&#039;t terrible either. I didn&#039;t have any ill side effects like so many experiences on here. I had normal cycles up until 2013 when my cycle stopped. The only thing I didn&#039;t like was it was uncomfortable intimately. It literally left me bent over after intercourse with spotting. I&#039;m scheduled to have mine removed Jan 20 2016. It&#039;s been a great form of bc for me outside of intercourse. I&#039;m not planning on getting another one placed unless I decide I&#039;ve had enough of the shot."
"I have had the Mirena put in me twice just because it&#039;s only for 5 years after the second one I only had it in for 2yrs but because I wanted to have my 3rd baby @ first I did bleed for 3 months on &amp; off also had cramps but after that it went all good never had any side effects at all plus I didn&#039;t get periods now my baby is 5 months &amp; on July 14,2017 I got the Liletta hopefully I don&#039;t have issues the process wasn&#039;t that bad at all nor did I get cramps I stop bleeding the next day so let&#039;s see what happens crossing my fingers"
"I&#039;ve been taking sertraline for about 2 years, it&#039;s very good, but at times is does seem as if I need a higher dose but this soon goes, maybe a bad day.
For all new users stay with it, it does take time for it to work but it does after a few weeks or so."
"I am a 42 year old male who suffered from drug abuse, severe depression and social anxiety disorder. While seeking help for crystal meth addiction my psychiatrist prescribed Lexapro (10mg then 20mg). It took over 5 months of daily use before I started to feel better but now I can say that Lexapro has really changed my life for the better. I have been crystal meth free for two years now and actually enjoy being alive. I also interact with people much more and look forward to the future. Minor side effects included bruising (when taken with aspirin), trouble sleeping, increased sweating and hyper-activity, all of which disappeared after lowering my dose from 20 to 10mg. This medicine has been a life saver."
"I started geodon with celexa nine years ago.  It worked amazing for the first couple of years. But then I started getting physical side effects.  I began to have tics on my face and I gained a total of 60 pounds on this med.  My vision became poor and I needed glasses. I became numb to my feelings.  I started to wake up at night half asleep, eating and doing really weird things.  I tapered off over a few months because stopping cold turkey causes me extreme mental withdrawal.  I was off it a year and couldn&#039;t handle the depression, anxiety and mood swings anymore.  I recently went back on a week ago and already my vision is blurry, I&#039;m sleep walking and gained two pounds. I does wonders for me mentally but I can&#039;t handle the side effects."
"I have only been taking Paxil for 9 days now. I really can&#039;t tell much difference except I feel a little better. I have read what others have said and it seems promising so I&#039;ll keep taking it so maybe soon I can function. My anxiety has pretty much taken over and I don&#039;t leave the house without another person to drive in case, it&#039;s terrible. With any luck soon that will no longer be an issue. I&#039;ll come back in a week or 2 and let you know."
"I&#039;ve been on Lamictal for almost two years now, along with Lithium. I like Lamictal a lot. I have to get off Lithium because it&#039;s raising my blood pressure and causing weight gain. Lamictal doesn&#039;t cause any side effects that are dangerous, I think I have memory problems and concentration issues but nothing too bad. I&#039;m a full time second year college student with a 3.8 GPA so if anything this medicine is helping me do well in school. For anyone who had a bad reaction I feel bad for you because when this drug works it&#039;s doing the business. For sure, good luck new users. Try never to increase your dosage too high; remember the higher it is the harder to get off. "
"I have just started started on Lyrica 75 mg. Taking it once in the night. It seems to be working. My pain is down a bit and am able to do a lot more work than before. Also don&#039;t get as tired as before. Just got back from visiting turkey and the week I spent there was hectic. Lots and lots of walking. Don&#039;t think I would have been able to do it without this medication. I have fibromyalgia since the last 2 and half years and had shyed away from this medication because of the side effects. However I was in so much pain a month ago that I finally decided to give it a try. I don&#039;t regret it and am hoping that the effect of the medicine will last. And I&#039;ll have a normal life again. "
"On it for a month and I&#039;m having bad side effects. Extreme restless arms and legs, enough that I can&#039;t sleep in the same bed as my husband. Slight headache, nausea, extreme fatigue...can&#039;t function and my pain is ok, as long as I don&#039;t do any gardening or heavy house work. Right now I can barely make dinner,. I&#039;m so very tired all the time. 
I had to go on this med because we just retired and my medicare drug insurance will not pay for what worked so well  before...then there was a quality of life...now I&#039;m not doing so well."
"I have been on this for 5 days, sort of working, still have the headache though.  I haven&#039;t really had any side affects yet.  But I was given a 21 day dosage for (2) 300mg capsules.  I have had 4 sinus infections since January.  Hope it helps get rid of the headache.  It has helped with the drainage and coughing though."
"I smoked for 38 years, 1-2 packs a day. I started in April 1972, while in basic training.  I took .5mg of Chantix for 2 weeks while smoking and in November 2010, at 930pm while driving to work, I  had my last cigarette. I began the 1mg regimen the next morning. My mother died in May of 2011, and I stayed smoke free. I divested the family of mom&#039;s house, belongings and accounts, and stayed smoke free. I credit Chantix! I know that I had not asked my PCP to write the script for Chantix, I would still be smoking."
"Despite the peeling skin around my eyes, it works great."
"I took this medication for anxiety and stress for only 2 months. I really did not see any improvement and the side effects were pretty bad. Insomnia, nausea, headaches, felt like my nerve endings had little electrical surges, lethargic, night sweats and zero sex drive. "
"I started taking this medication 3 days ago at 10mg for mild depression and anxiety. I feel it works very well. I see the sexual side effects but I am hopeful they will go away. Other side effects went away after my 4th day (today). So far so good. I feel the black cloud lifting from head. I hope it continues."
"I was just diagnosed Nov. 2014. Started on Copaxone 40 mg just a couple of weeks later. I have had all of the typical site reactions with every injection. The worst has been the itching. That of which I have been unable to control with ANYTHING until this last injection. I researched and have used every over the counter remedy. Started looking at the natural remedies for itching. Could not bare to invest any more money. Came across the use of oatmeal for itching (forgot all about that). I had steal cut oats on hand. Ground them into a flour-like texture. Put the ground oatmeal in a cheap knee high stocking, dipped it in hot water, allowed the concoction to drain so that it was not messy but still wet. Apply. AMAZING RELIEF."
"I receive Toradol in the ER for migraines when nothing else gets them under control. It is the absolute best treatment when needed."
"750 mg dosage for five days apparently cleared pneumonia, but now, six weeks later, I still feel some side effects of pain and swelling in ankles and feet that immobilized me immediately after taking.  Additional side effects included internal bleeding in ankle area, black toes, areas of skin on lower leg showing bruise like areas.  Difficulty walking due to stiff and painful joints in feet and ankles."
"I take 200mg a day and find that it helps great with my anxiety. I&#039;ve taken benzodiazepines and they weren&#039;t as helpful. This really is a great medicine."
"I&#039;m currently 22 and I&#039;ve had my IUD for close to four years (March) I love it. I do have to warn though. It does cause heavier periods for the first few months. Mine went from three days to about a week long. There will be cramping. It is painful some days. But I&#039;ve never had cramps to begins with. So this was new. If you can get through the first 4-6 months of this, it is the best form of birth control. I always recommend it to my lady friends."
"I have always suffered from anxiety and obsessive thoughts,but with in the last year it took a turn for the worse. I had a job loss and couldn&#039;t sleep for almost two weeks and in turn starting getting panic attacks. Then intrusive thoughts, I truly thought I was losing my mind. I was scared all the time and hopeless. I went to a therapist and this did help, I also got out on effexor 70 mg daily. I never thought I was going to get better. I started paxil three weeks ago, 20 mg. It has truly changed my life. I feel like me again. I&#039;m writing this in hopes that someone who reads this that feels hopeless and scared doesn&#039;t give up.  There is help, hang in there. If I could do it, so can you."
"I started this medication a year ago. My Dr. started me at 10mg then bumped me up to 20mg about 3 months later. I suffered from depression, lack of motivation for life,  suicidal/death thoughts, anxiety, and angry outbursts that affected my personal and professional life. This medication has greatly improved my life and my relationships. When I first started it there was an adjustment period for about a month but now I feel like I have a positive outlook on life and I can handle everyday stressful situations without wanting to kill everyone. I actually lost weight on this medication because I&#039;m not wanting to binge eat to ease my anxiety and I am more motivated to go to the gym.  Lexapro was a life saver for me."
"I started taking Adipex early February 2009 weighing in at 288lbs, exactly one month later weighed in at 268lbs. Now April 3 I am weighing in at 255lbs, only taking half a pill every other day, sometimes I go a few days without taking it. Started out with 30 day supply, 2 months later still have 7 pills remaining, so it really doesn&#039;t take much. I love it, it gave me a boost of energy so with exercise and a healthy diet I have lost 33lbs in 2 months! NO SODAS AT ALL. I do not deprive myself of sweets, if I crave chocolate, I may eat 1 or 2 cookies. It has changed my life completely."
"Was on Otezla for 4 months. Absolutely no improvement, and side effects were dreadful...splitting migraine headaches daily, chronic diarrhea, depression. I would never consider taking this medication again."
"I started taking Suboxone about five months ago. I was in awful shape from doing every pain pill imaginable. I found a great doctor who was so strict to guide me in the right direction. I have never been over 8 mg, I wanted to stay low. The main thing with this medicine is that it can be a miracle for a person who really wants to turn their life around or it can be something to hold you over. I chose to turn my life around. I go to a therapist every other week and meetings four times a week. I love my new life and thanks so much to Suboxone. I won&#039;t be on it forever but regardless of how much it cost its a lot cheaper than being in active addiction."
"I have been on it for 2 months &amp; have not gotten my period at all! And no I&#039;m not pregnant! It may be good but I do get the slight panic each month. As of now, I don&#039;t think I&#039;ve had any other side effects. Also, it is very cheap!"
"I had my first shot on June 7th, to help with the severe heavy bleeding of my period. I started bleeding the next day, and have not stopped. Sometimes it is heavier than other days. The reason this is birth control, is because sex is impossible. I will not be getting a second dose. I hope the bleeding will stop soon. I would not recommend this at all."
"Drug is o.k., does it job, only if patient is more than willing to quite smoking!  
Pricey!  I think more people would use this product if it was not so expensive. 

No side effects that I knew of."
"Users have reported ejaculation problems when using Tamsulosin. A 2007 study suggest that the problem is not retro ejaculation but an ejaculation which Tamsulosin can cause. The study says Alfuzosin does not cause this side effect. I will be switching after I use up my Tamsulosin."
"I didn&#039;t realize until i read these reviews why i was itching..but now i know!  thanks.  for the past two months while using this medicine i have definitely been focused on happier things and my day to day life as opposed to thinking constant thoughts of death and being overwhelemed with fear.  no side effects like i had with so many other drugs, and i tried them all.  so i am thankful my dr. recommended this to me.  everyone should try it."
"I am no stranger to yeast infections. My grandmother made me use a suppository egg when I was about 12. Needless to say I was a virgin so that was definitely a no go. That was a bad experience so I&#039;ve always gotten the off brand suppository creams because they were the cheapest, and they worked great. However, tonight I tried the Monistat brand for the first time. As soon as I inserted it and laid down it burnt like hell all while I&#039;m trying so hard not to scratch  my vagina. I immediately googled my symptoms and here I am writing a review. The pain lasted for about a good hour, but dying laughing at most of these reviews helped me cope with the pain."
"I like this medicine but after reading some reviews I have confirmed some things.  First, I am experiencing insomnia and worsening of my restless legs.  Second the constant sweet cravings and never feeling satisfied after I eat is annoying.  I have had about a 4-5 lbs. Weight gain.  It is like someone takes over and I just eat.  I have no impulse control.  Third, the gas and bloating is awful.  I am fine in the morning but as soon as I start eating I start bloating and developing gas.  I cannot expel it and it makes me so uncomfortable.  It has worked some to level out my depression but I am contemplating weaning off for now."
"My quality of life before my Dermatologist gave me this drug was HORRIBLE! I was teased as a child, skin was so ugly, and I was told that I looked like the exorcist and elephant man combined. I went through 15 years of, supposedly, the best doctors on the East coast until this wonderful man of a Dermatologist introduced me to the Wonder drug! Kenalog has made me extremely happy with the results I&#039;ve seen!"
"Ours 8 year old son as done so much better with the Intuniv.  He takes 2 mg, at night.  I see posts on the cost, check a Canadian pharmacy.  We only pay $450 for 90 days, brand.  Otherwise, would be $900 here in the states.  You fax your prescription and they mail you 3 month supply.  No  side effects for us."
"Female, 26, SW: 209
Currently on week 3 of Contrave. I&#039;ve experienced all of the bad side effects (dry mouth, insane nausea, trouble sleeping at night, drowsiness during the day, vomiting, mental fogginess, severe dizziness, some anxiety, and weird dreams). Started to feel better by end of 2nd week, still dizzy but not debilitating. Usually workout 4x/week and can&#039;t because of dizziness. Increased to 3/day yesterday and the side effects are almost as bad as 1st week. I have noticed I don&#039;t have the cravings I usually do and can say no to food. However, I am still pretty hungry throughout the day. I&#039;m hoping the side effects will go away and this will begin working. Will update when I have weighed in. Don&#039;t think I&#039;ve lost any weight."
"I have been taking this medicine for about a year and a half and it works wonders but I have concerns my body is getting addicted to it. Is this possible??"
"It took years before I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism, and placed on Synthroid, I started to feel better but many major issues remained. I got more energy back, but never lost weight. My memory got better, but I wasn&#039;t clear-headed. I continued to feel major anxiety and had emotional ups and downs. When I found a doctor who suggested I try Armour, within 2 weeks of taking it my life seemed to return. I am a strong supporter of Armour."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control for a few years now, but I stopped for a month because I was transitioning between doctors. I had unprotected sex and he didn&#039;t pull out, and came inside me more than once. I was really nervous, so I took plan b about 24 hours after we had sex. I was nauseous and had cramps for a few days after having taken it, but I was delighted when I got my period (10 days early)! Thank you plan b!!!"
"I had post traumatic stress disorder from childhood physical and emotional abuse. What a life saver this has been! After about three months of ever increasing dosage, I finally began to &quot;come out of my spider hole.&quot; I quit drinking. I felt like Alice in Wonderland with her head breaking through the clouds. I also felt like my brain was slowly being rewired, smoothing over rutted neural pathways and creating new, calmer ones. it has been seven years now and I am up to 300 mg a day. Most importantly, I can FORGET the past abuse and feel happier than I have ever felt before."
"It was the best decision ever , depo shot made me fat and I would forget to take pills so this was the best option for me due to the fact that I got on birth control because of my horrible periods and this stopped them all together . . . I haven&#039;t had it removed yet"
"It worked well for my depression. I noticed an improvement in mood after a week. It gave me energy. I took 150 mg of the sustained release formula every morning for about one month. I stopped just after I picked up my next month&#039;s prescription which I still have. I stopped because I thought it was inducing mania in me and causing anxiety. I&#039;m now not so sure this was the cause. I also quit smoking about two days after I started on this medication and had absolutely no side effects from nicotine withdrawal.

This medication gave me some side effects for the first two weeks. Lack of appetite, bloating, dizziness (especially when smoking cigarettes, this is what prompted me to quit). I also experienced tingling in my hands."
"I learned early in my college career that Adderall allowed me to be more productive during my day without the feeling of full blown crashing. 

I do not struggle with paying attention or ADD/ADHD but I did struggle with extreme laziness/fatigue on a regular basis when I reach college age. Prior to that I never had an issue with motivation or sleepy feeling per say but one day it hit me like a brick and was unable to shake it. Which led me to lying to my doctor about having attention issues to obtain a prescription. 

It also was some what of a antidepressant at the same time. I have never struggled with depression but I did always seem to see the brighter side of things while on the medication."
"I have been taking Exforge with another medication for about 7 months.  It has worked well for me.  I recently have had some weight gain and swelling in my hands and lower legs."
"Oooweee!!! I have NEVER experienced burning like this in my life!!
 Called my doc today explained my symptoms and she recommended Monistat 7 because 1 and 3 were very strong.  The pain I experienced after the first five minutes of the application was worse than the whole week of irritation I experienced without it.  

The directions said that mild irritation may occur after usage  so I tried to wait it out.   It became unbearable!! 

 I flushed my girl with water, washed with a glycerin bar of soap and even packed with ice in a wash cloth for about an hour before the burning subsided.  
 The itching cream that you apply on the outside seemed to provide relief but the insert application is  agonizing!  Will not continue!!"
"I used this patch for my surgery and I didn&#039;t get sick like I normally do after a surgery. I will use it again for sure if I have a procedure or surgery done again. It&#039;s so nice to NOT wake up vomiting!"
"Had a weeks sample of Linzess 290 after feeling backed up and having small hard bms for a year. Definitely did the job when taken as directed. Cons would be the &quot;oh no I may poop myself in public&quot; feeling, which happened a few times, and realizing not to take it if you have nothing in your gut from the previous day. My gut actually started feeling normal for the first time ever. Took a week to get a prescription, and my symptoms immediately returned. Restarted the script, which again works nearly immediately. Although this time around, maybe just by chance, I developed my first cold in 13 years, with symptoms start in the day I restarted Linzess . Now I am riding that out. Plan to continue med as long as this cold disappears."
"I have been on contrave for 3 weeks now and have lost 7lbs. I love that the pills controls my appetite but being tired all of the time is out weighing the good of the drug. I am still only taking 2 pills a day but after the last few days I plan on discontinuing all together. I am always sleepy and even to the point of falling asleep when I&#039;ve had plenty of rest. I have now gotten to the point that I am so tired that it is making me nauseous and this is not worth it. I have no energy to exercise and no energy to do basic everyday tasks."
"Great medication. I was doing tasks again and talking to people again. The only down side is I want something more 24hrs. The instant release tabs had peaks and after the peaks I would have massive anxiety and the same was with the extended release. It&#039;s a great medicine but not for me."
"I have been taking the drug for a decade and have found it excellent in relieving and keeping symptoms at bay. I have to take it twice a day as if I am inactive during the afternoon I can have an attack of restless nights in leg syndrome. I have found it helps me keep and active and full life."
"My son used various stimulants for yrs for ADHD and ODD. Now 10, newly diagnosed with Sensory Processing Disorder (SPD) and still struggling because of impulsiveness &amp; high metabolism, the docs added non-stimulants.  Intuniv dropped his bp way too low. Clonidine IR worked GREAT the 1st 2 days, then okay. Changed to Kapvay for long-acting effects, but we stopped because of awful insomnia for 2 weeks. I rated Clonidine IR as an 8 because when we went back to Clonidine IR, his insomnia stopped and it decreased his impulsiveness.  It just stinks that he has to take it over and over again because it&#039;s short acting."
"I Began taking Effexor XR 150 to treat anxiety /Depression. The medication gave very few adverse reactions initially. I did notice benefits until the end of my second month. There was a mistake with supply and I had to go 2 days without. Within 2 days I was in Full on withdrawals. It Began with insomnia, liveable. Then came nausea, muscle cramps, hot \Cold sweats, hives, Swollen tongue, Irritability, Depression, HALLUCINATIONS... Those were the most significant ones. By the second day off my withdrawals were bad."
"I have had Neulasta shots twice so far, the day after my chemo.  My white count is staying in the normal range, so Neulasta is doing it&#039;s job!  I get headaches, fever stays about 100.5 &amp; I just feel crummy for a few days.  My doctor&#039;s office recommends Claritin, starting the day of chemo, to avoid the &quot;bone aches&quot; Neulasta frequently causes &amp; I haven&#039;t experienced that symptom yet.  I take Tylenol to help the fever, but I also have been experiencing very bad insomnia- not sure if that&#039;s the chemo or Neulasta, but when you feel crummy, you WANT to sleep.

NOTE: My doctor&#039;s office forgot about the co-pay discount until after my 2nd shot, so I hope I don&#039;t have to pay for that &quot;oops&quot;!"
"Awesome. Very easy to tolerate and works great."
"Weighed 431 7/28/15 I&#039;ve been weighing over 400lbs for the last 3yrs.Went for my annual physical 10/27/15. Weighed 421. Lost a whopping 10lbs in 3.months on my own...Wow!.Dr said we had 2do something either surgery or medication. I chose meds. Overall I&#039;m rather healthy except 4this wt. We chose adipex. I went for my 1st visit 11/12/15 n had lost 10lbs in 2wks. I&#039;m more energetic n have started exercing. Follow me on here. C u in 2wks"
"I&#039;m just simply amazed and I hope this continues to work. I&#039;ve only taken 2 doses of yaz and I went from constantly struggling with physical and emotional symptoms of pmdd and overall hormonal imbalancement to feeling much more at peace with myself. I feel lite and my body feels calm. I had anxiety, anger, I was hyper sensitive and so negative- I felt it physically. I would physically shake from anger. I could feel my uterus contract and cramp up when I got hurt and was angry. My pmdd had started early just 3 days ago when my breasts just felt so heavy with cysts that were so painful - it hurt to just get out of bed. I could sleep all day. I was cranky and could not stand being touched by my BF. Constipation and lots of gas as well."
"Nexplanon implanted July 7, 2015. Insertion, some weird deep bicep pain in the following weeks but fine. Spotted off and on every week the first couple months, very light. Skipped Sept, bleed for ALL of Oct. Doctor said all still normal adjustments. Acne went crazy, intense patch-like on my cheeks. And lost 1/2 my hair volume. Again, docs said this was normal. Saw dermatologist which helped a lot. Aside from the patches, my skin looked healthier than ever. Jan, I developed 2 abscesses on my face! Then bled for 6 weeks, had it removed the end of Feb. Awful awful awful. Really talk to your doc about your acne history and take notes from your body early if it&#039;s just not going well. The docs here in Asia hate Nexplanon and remove it often."
"Significan Arthritis at L4,5, and S1 with no surgical options.  Muscle spasms that will put me on my knees and I&#039;m over six feet tall; long way to fall.

I&#039;ve been on 10/325 for about five years; that&#039;s a long time.  I take ONE a day usually late afternoon.  Typically I get a little drowsy but can work through any residual pain until bed time.  Oh, I&#039;ve also got two artificial knees thanks to my service in the US Navy.  And this stuff works on the pain from them too.  Yes, artificial knees can still hurt you.

I&#039;d prefer to have the back pain dealt with at it&#039;s source rather than it&#039;s symptoms, but to date, no one has any idea about how to do that.  Until then, I keep a bottle of pain killers near by."
"I am on Day 6 of this antibiotic. I am not a huge fan of antibiotics but my vertigo and head pressure from the sinus infection was enough to get me on them. For the first 2 days I had no vertigo and head pressure, but now I experience some of it on and off the day. So I use a Neti Pot to clear out sinuses. Two days ago I had Post Nasal Drip where I ended up throwing up mucus in the middle of the night. With my experience, I have noticed a loss of appetite and have lost about 5-6 pounds. If I do not take the capsule with food I will end up with heartburn. I am looking forward to being over with this (4 more days to go) I take a probiotic in between the doses for my digestion."
"I am 43 years old, dropped out of high school, had many bad relationships, many bad decisions, and could never finish 1 thing when I started it, could never be organized, could never remember things when first told, always lost things or misplaced them, tripped over my own feet, and was never good at keeping appointments, I would forget about them. I have been on Adderall for 4 years, had my ups and downs with it, have had to change the dose some, go off of it on my days off, because it got to where it wasn&#039;t working as well, and if I medicated myself, I took to much, or not enough. I do notice a BIG difference in the generic, even though they say its the same. Adderall XR has worked wonders for me, and has changed my life."
"I switched to the implant because the Depo wasn&#039;t working well with my period. It&#039;s only been a week since getting the implant and everything is going good. I was worried about it making me bleed for a prolonged period of time, but I was on the 3rd day of my period and the bleeding stopped 2 days after getting the implant. Hopefully good results will continue!"
"I had unprotected sex with my bf last January 1 and he&#039;s pretty sure he didn&#039;t come inside me however to make sure we decided to take this drug (Next Choice) after 20hrs of intercourse. I experienced nausea, dizziness and fatigue for more than a week and on the 8th day I bleed not my usual amount of menstruation, it&#039;s not heavy, and only on the period of time, during at night there is no bleeding, and it&#039;s dark red or blackish, same on the second day, no bleeding during night time also and there&#039;s this clots. And on the 3rd day it&#039;s brownish and mostly clots. I&#039;m so confused coz I still have 14days left before my period. Moreover I still feel tired until now and there is no more blood, and for some times I still feel nauseated. I&#039;m hoping that I will have my period soon because this things that happening to me is driving me crazy."
"It didn&#039;t work for me."
"I think they are great. I have anxiety and depression which makes it hard to sleep, these relax me &amp; make me tired, within less than an hour of taking 1 tablet I&#039;m asleep."
"I&#039;m 16 years old, and I&#039;ve just recently started taking Vyvanse. I just started taking a new pill for my depression. Zoloft, which started helping. But I could notice a HUGE difference with Vyvanse right away. I am much more talkative, been in a better mood, less lazy, and I actually don&#039;t mind cleaning my room every now and then. I used to fight with my boyfriend all the time about things, which I now realize should have been no big deal at all. But now, things have changed. I&#039;m excited for school, even because I want to see if Vyvanse will help me bring up my grades and concentrate better, instead of falling asleep in class. Some side effects I&#039;ve noticed though is not having an appetite, and talking too much."
"I have been on fluoxetine for less than a month and it&#039;s going ok. During the first 2 weeks, I felt surprising amazing. I had a new love of life. The week after, I felt suicidal, I felt worse and I just wanted to stay in bed and never leave. I feel constantly nauseous which isn&#039;t good. This week, I have felt a little calmer. I feel &#039;normal&#039;. I hope I stay like this and just level out..."
"I&#039;ve been on Latuda for several months, recently increased to 60 mg.  At first, I thought it was pretty good, subtle improvements.  Now it&#039;s hard to say.  I have intense intrusive thoughts every day, suicidal and I&#039;ve begun hearing music in the distance (like tinnitus, but music instead of ringing.)  The former two existed to some degree before I started Latuda, the latter is brand new.  Most noted side effect:  EXTREMELY sedating for 2-3 hours abruptly followed by intense restlessness, need to move.  Haven&#039;t figured out a good time of day to take it for this reason. Take it in the morning, I&#039;m fighting drowsiness half the day.  Take it in the evening, I&#039;m wide awake until 2 AM.  Also, nausea.  Other medicines I take: Lamictal, Prozac, Cardizem, Ativan."
"Take the pill as soon as you can and don&#039;t stress! Trust me stress will only make it worse! I took the pill within 70 hours and I was a wreck ! The pill works . But it does have its side affects !! which can be a pain but it&#039;s better than having a baby your not ready for ! "
"Doctor prescribed Crestor 5mg, after I experienced bad muscle pains with two other brands. A few days after taking Crestor, I got very painful muscles. I went off the Crestor for a month (suggested by cardiologist) and took only lecithin gel capsules. After the month was up, had lipogram, and cholesterol was high; Total cholesterol was 260 HDL: 55  LDL 171, Triglycerides 151- All numbers significantly higher than  3 months previously. So contrary to the hype about Lecithin, it did not work. It is clear, I cannot take statins of any kind. Disappointing, as Crestor is said to work well and work quick, but side effects are painful and can be dangerous."
"I recently had a bad cold. I was not aware that some over the counter cold medications can make my HIgh Blood Pressure worse. This medicine worked great and I did not have to worry about my High Blood Pressure."
"I was recently diagnosed with crohns, having painful cramps, bloody stool, and diarrhea. My 2nd day being on Pentasa I ate Taco Bell (which most people with crohns will tell you, almost kills you haha!) I had absolutely no cramps or diarrhea!!! I&#039;m on week 2 taking 500mg 4 times a day and I&#039;m still feeling great! No cramps what so ever! The only symptoms I&#039;ve noticed was slight chest tightness the first couple of days, slight weight loss, increased appetite, and a little bit of my hair falling out. I started taking folic acid to help with the hair loss."
"I was on Yaz a few years ago until I couldn&#039;t afford it anymore. I absolutely loved it. My face was clear, my period was light and it worked magic on my ABSOLUTELY UNBEARABLE cramps. I&#039;ve been on Beyaz for a month now and I am not really seeing the same things I saw with Yaz just yet. I was really nauseous for the first two weeks, my face is still breaking out (not because of the pill), cramps aren&#039;t bad but have not disappeared and my sex drive has decreased. I&#039;m hoping this is just for the first month and things get better down the line."
"Post surgery: I am sensitive to medicine and this one is not too hard on my stomach.  It helps me get comfortable enough to get a good nights sleep.  It will cause hard stool or constipation.  I have been taking one every night at dinner and 2 stool softeners in the morning with breakfast.  Cannot take and work or drive so only useful for nights.  Overall very happy with this."
"OMG this is literally the bomb. I had sex on day 4 of my period, took plan b a couple hours later, period ended, then began spotting for about 4 days. THEN the wait game began. 

the accident happened in February, didn&#039;t get my period in March. I only had minor cramps, bloating, and every now and then headaches. I was super nervous as you can guess.

now it&#039;s April and BAM, just today I started my period. oh happy day oh happy day, it truly is a happy day!!

Don&#039;t worry guys, this pill really works. I know it&#039;s easier said than done, but it truly does work."
"I have been on this med for 9 yrs after the dearh of my daughter, it changed my life dramatically!! Recently I have lost a brother and my anxiety came back, my doctor has from today increased my dose to 50mg so praying this helps soon? Hope due to my body being used to the 40mg the extra 10mg kicks in fast. It is a mirical tablet!!"
"I wish there was a way to give this a negative number.  I&#039;ve had IBS for 14 years since having my gall bladder removed. I took the initial dose of this and not two hours later I was doubled over with severe pain right beneath my ribs. When the muscle spasms started, I went to the ER. I was admitted with pancreatitis and liver enzymes 10x normal. I spent 4 days in the hospital until my numbers were back to normal. I could not believe a pill could do this much damage in such a short time. Very Scary!"
"I had an ear infection I went to the ER and the gave me Ciprodex and told me to use it for 7 days but I didn&#039;t need to because my infection was gone after 2 days of using Ciprodex..... I will think it works great..."
"I have been on different types of birth control for the past 10 years and I&#039;ve never had so many problems as I&#039;ve had with Tri Sprintec. I had my first anxiety attack after day 2 of taking Tri Sprintec and now I&#039;m 5 days in and have such bad abdominal pain and bloating that I can barely walk. I&#039;ve also experienced fatigue and definitely a difference in my overall mood. I know birth control affects each woman differently but I would definitely."
"I been on Chantix for three weeks and half. I haven&#039;t had cirgette or vaporizer 22 days. And no side effects. I really truly recommend Chantix. I was a heavy social smoker."
"I&#039;ve suffered from severe underarm sweat for years, after I had my first baby it only got worse. I have nothing but black shirts in my closet because I was too embarrassed of my sweat stains to wear any colored tops. My first night using Hypercare, was last night and today not one drop of sweat or any smell from my armpits. I feel like a new woman and can&#039;t wait to see it improve even more. I am going shopping soon to get some colored shirts and I can&#039;t wait."
"I had Cyber Knife in 2015 &amp; mild BPH before and after.Went over a year taking nothing  but Flo Max never worked for me, but my BPH got bad &amp; started taking 5 mg cialis which  helped.First Urine Culture came back with blood &amp; a UTI. Next 3 were clear Went on Cialis an &amp; Cypro. Then Cialis &amp; Ceturoxime for 7 days and STILL no answers I felt worse then before. I did made the MISTAKE of taking 2 Cialis for 3 days at the end of my  Ceturoxime because I felt so horrible DON&quot;T DO THIS Dr said it was a toxic dose.Now  Ive been waiting for OVER a week on his orders of &quot;Take Nothing &amp; Go to ER if it gets worse&quot; I cant take  anymore ! Going back to my Cialis to see if it can help again. It never did help with libido issues now or before. I have got rid of my Doc"
"Trust and believe that celexa WAS a godsend for me,    50"
"The most important thing about having a UTI, is making sure a urine culture is done. Many don&#039;t realize that there are antibiotics that simply just won&#039;t work because the bacteria they have, are resistant to the antibiotic prescribed. Just because the antibiotic didn&#039;t work for you, doesn&#039;t mean it won&#039;t work for others. I&#039;ve been prescribed Cipro and Bactrim for UTIs in the past, but after the ABT course my UTI kept coming back with a vengeance. Macrobid was the only antibiotic that was able to clear my Bladder/UTI infection. I&#039;ve seen that sometimes it can make you feel worse before you feel better. Urine culture and sensitivity test is key for those suffering from recurrent infections."
"Absolutely hate it. I&#039;m on it right now I had the 3 month sample pack from the doctor. I went back after the first month because I was bleeding non-stop and wanted to get off of it he convinced me to finish the 3 months to see if it got better. IT HASN&#039;T, terrible cramps, bleeding all the time, my face broke out and I have like 0 sex drive."
"I&#039;m 20 with RSD Lyrica was the 1st nerve medicine they attempted to use on me. I had a really bad reaction and after 3 days of taking the medicine I had incontinence. Not fun when your just trying to be a normal college student."
"I was so very pleased to have taken this pain reliever following surgery.  It was strong enough to help with the pain yet I had none of the nausea and dizziness that I get with most other pain medicines."
"I&#039;ve taken this medicine about 7 times.  It works well for the UTI, and prior to taking it this last time I had little side effects.  This last time however was horrible. I couldn&#039;t sleep (not even a wink!)  was shaky, felt like I couldn&#039;t walk, sore everywhere, headaches from hell... all of these effects started to happen on the 5th day... the 7th day (last day) was the worst and continued for the next week. I like this medicine because it works for the UTI, but I will not take it again.  The side effects are scary."
"When I first went to the doctor I was not interested in the patch, she talked me into it and said if I didn&#039;t like it after a few months to come back and we would change it. With the birth control pills I used to take I had to pay $50 a month. Although, with the patch I am paying nothing. FREE! Now to the symptoms. The first 3 month sucked between headaches, nausea, being moody, and tired. The worst symptom was cramps when I was not on my period at random times. It hurt so bad and was very annoying. After 3 month of using the patch the symptoms are gone and I absolutely LOVE THE PATCH. I have been on it for about 6 months and the only downfall is that clothes lint collets around it but it&#039;s not a huge deal if you put it where no one can see"
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz Plus for about a month now. I was worried at first from hearing about the blood clots, however, I find that there was not much to worry about. My first experience was breaking out. A lot. I also found my period to extend much longer, spotting for another 5 days after and I was getting a little worried but after 2 weeks of that, everything got better. My skin cleared up (any other breakouts was mostly from the heat) and it didn&#039;t really cause any cramps. I didn&#039;t find my sex drive to be any less than it was before and overall, positive experience so far."
"They worked pretty good BUT there is NO GENERIC for this Drug and the Doc says you have to have it ,,, So you have to pay 293.?? For a tiny bottle.  How can that be?"
"I&#039;m a 26 year old female and been taking Straterra for 2 weeks for ADD and I love it. Straterra has been a miracle for me. Before I would start projects and never finish them but now I finish them. I&#039;m actually happy instead of being down on myself and staying frustrated all the time my husband says I smile and laugh a lot more. I am experiencing some of the side effects, dry mouth, chills weight loss and I don&#039;t eat near as much but I needed to lose weight and ate to much before taking the drug. I just hope this medicine continues to work for me because so far its awesome."
"I have been on this medication for about 2 weeks now. I had some bad side-effects to the point where I had to stop taking this medication. I rate it a five because I feel like it had the potential to be a good medication - regardless of the side-effects I experienced."
"I was prescribed Pristiq in February 2009. While at first Pristiq seemed like an answer to my prayers in that I felt less anxious and less depressed, this past week I sank back into the deep depression. I&#039;ll be seeing a psychiatrist to re-evaluate my medication needs this week. While on Pristiq I&#039;ve experienced significant fatigue, intense chest pain and sexual dysfunction. "
"Tried all these different medicines and found vyvanse XR worked perfect Until insurance didn&rsquo;t cover it anymore so I took Concerta and that basically made my heart rate go up to 170 BPM and it was ridiculous so I tried a newer medication evekeo and it&rsquo;s good but causes a hell of a withdrawal including anger  diarrhea dizziness nausea loss of appetite but for the most part it&rsquo;s good"
"I&#039;ve been on nuvaring for about 2 years now and I recommend it to all my friends.  I didn&#039;t experience any mood swings or weight gain. But my boobs went up a cup size.   It&#039;s super easy to put in and take out and I never forget to take it because it&#039;s already there! 3 weeks and then out one week for a period and then repeat. It sometimes falls out from sex but you have 3 hours to put it back in. My boyfriend doesn&#039;t feel it at all. You should definitely try it. Nothing but great results for me."
"Ive noticed alot of bad reviews so i figured id share my experience.  i had my first implant placed march 2013 after my second child.. directly after the placement i had a constant period for almost two months. after that i had no period and spotting occured a few times a year. not enough to be bothered with by any means. i  recently just had it removed a few days ago  at the removal i decided to immediately have it replaced. the replacement went in the same incision it was removed from. there was no pain with either the removal or insertion. minor tenderness now a day later.  i just wanted to let you know this birth control is very effective and is worth it."
"I&#039;ve only been on TriNessa for a month now but so far I&#039;m having mixed results.  I decided to go back on birth control after a 8 year break (my husband had a vasectomy 8 years ago).  I had been looking into NovaSure due to extremely heavy periods but decided to try the cheaper route first.  I used to be on Ortho- Tricyclen before my second son was born with no problems that I recall.  I asked for the same again but was given TriNessa which I assumed would be the same.  Almost as soon as I started, I&#039;ve been experiencing night sweats, slight weight gain (about 5lbs), and breast soreness.  So far my period is lighter though so I guess it worked for that.  I&#039;ll give it another 2 months and see if the negatives go away."
"I have been on Camrese for 2+ years and I am very happy with it- I ask for this specific brand every time I refill and won&#039;t accept anything else. For me Camrese has not caused any weight gain whereas other extended cycle brands did cause weight gain, acne, and constant/heavy break through bleeding. I did have to be patient through the first several months for mild spotting to cease being an issue with Camrese. Understand that extending your cycle from the typical 28 days to nearly 90 days does take time for your body to get used to. As I adjusted to Camrese if mid-cycle spotting lasted for more than a day or two I would simply take a week off from the pills and allow myself to have a period before picking back up with the pills again."
"At 27 my ovaries were removed which sent me into abrupt and severe menopause. For 9 years I suffered debilitating hot flashes and not even the hormones seemed to work. Few doctors were comfortable prescribing them anyway, I often had to beg for my medication. About two weeks ago I began taking Prozac,  and noticed almost immediately my flashes were less frequent, less intense, and less in duration. Last night I covered up in bed and waited purposefully for the flash. All I felt was a warming and never even broke a sweat. Usually I get so hot my skin feels like it&#039;s being pricked because my capillaries are bursting. The flashes are gone. After a decade of suffering I&#039;m finally free. I wish a doctor would have told me this information before."
"Worked very well for intrusive thoughts OCD for 5 months and then when I missed dosages and tried starting back on it again it stopped working. Other than that I had no problems with Zoloft."
"My doctor started me on Paxil when I was 6 months pregnant. It made me emotionally numb. I kept taking it for about 3 years because the side effects of missing a dose were unbearable. I had to have the dose increased and eventually was on the highest dose and Xanax was added. I gained weight, was always tired, had a decreased sex drive and I couldn&#039;t cry when I needed to. I attempted to stop taking it 5 times before I was successful. I had horrible withdrawals for two months... sensitivity to light, nausea, a jolting sensation through my head and arms and uncontrollable crying. It was worth it. I am now taking Zoloft and finally feel normal. I lost the weight I gained while I was on Paxil and I cry when I need to."
"I started taking this when I was 17 years old (now almost 22) and ordinary antibiotics weren&#039;t helping my acne problems. Before, I had unpredictable periods (often skipping once every several months for no reason), painful cramps, and a period lasting up to 7 whole days. Now I have a 99% clear face, a regular light-medium period lasting 4-5 days and NO cramps! I am not sexually active (never have been), so I&#039;m not sure how effective it is for me actual birth control-wise, but my sex drive is much lower. I may end up finding a new brand once I get married later this year because of this side effect alone."
"Best. I started taking this and thought oh this isn&#039;t going to help me... It was maybe 2 months in and I didn&#039;t feel different. After about 4 months taking it I was a completely different person when it came to my anxiety and panic attacks. I completely stopped having them and I was just overall a more stress free person. By far one of my favorites.. I recommend this to anyone that has very bad anxiety and doesn&#039;t want to be on something addictive like benzodiazepines."
"Our son was diagnosed with ADD when he was in grade 5-he was started on vyvanse and after a few months and a dose increase developed psychotic episodes.  This experience scared the life out of me so we stopped the drug and revisited pharmaceuticals with our pediatrician.
She suggested Intuniv and we tried it. 
Our son has been on the drug now for almost 4 years-he is on the max dose for his age (3 mg) (?) and I honestly can&#039;t see if there is a difference.  He has had no visible side effects-nothing like I have been reading about above. If anything he has put on weight (it is not a stimulant).
We are going to try weaning him off in the next few months to see if there is a difference in schoolwork and to see if the med is really working."
"I write this as I&#039;m sitting on the toilet, mustering the strength in between intestinal contractions, wishing that I had never taken 2 pills hours earlier.  The amount of pain and sweat that I had woken up to before I had to run to the bathroom was concerning.  The first wave of contractions made me believe that I was going to have to go to the ER, convincing myself that I was on an episode of 1,000 ways to die and that I had drank a bottle of Draino.  Once the first big move was &quot;done,&quot; the intensity of the pain subsided a bit. Maybe I am just getting used to my insides feel like they are being wrung out like a wet towel, who knows. Nausea in high gear. Solids turned to liquid. Still sitting here 40 minutes later. Hoping I can go back to sleep"
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 2007 and have been taking Tramadol and Soma ever since. Using both of these, plus Cymbalta, is the only way I can function through the pain. "
"I started on Micardis 4 months ago, the first month it didn&#039;t seem to help, the second month it controlled my high blood pressure perfectly, then the third month I started getting horrible side effects. My left arm would go numb and tingly, I had horrible headaches, insomnia, diarrhea and chest pains. I was exhausted all the time yet I couldn&#039;t sleep, had terrible nightmares. The pills work great for controlling my blood pressure but the side effects are awful!"
"A friend of mine suggested Implanon since she had such a great experience. I got mine in July of 2011. I started it while on my period and it lasted for about two weeks with mild bleeding. After that I didn&#039;t have a period until about December/January. At that point I was spotting irregularly. Each month since, I&#039;ve been getting heavier and more painful periods. Sometimes they even come 3 weeks after the last. I&#039;ve also noticed increased facial/body hair, greasy skin and hair, weight gain, and yeast infections around the time of my period. I&#039;ve decided that the side effects are too much to handle and I&#039;m planning on getting the Implanon removed."
"Already posted about my side effects from the pill but that was before I got my period so I wanted to share the rest of my experience. Did not get my period until exactly 1 month after taking plan b. Had a terrible headache and nausea all day, which isn&#039;t a common PMS thing for me. It was 2 weeks late! I know it&#039;s hard but don&#039;t stress, it will do weird things to your body. Good luck!!"
"I don&#039;t normally do these but I have to share what I went through on the Nuvaring so that maybe it can help someone else understand more about it. I had been taking the Nuva for 2+ years with no complaints. I was/am currently in a monogamous relationship. Very happy. We&#039;ve been together for many years now but we&#039;re still quite young. (Early 20s) one thing that was never reliable was our sex life. I desired him and vice versa, but I was just never in the mood. This went on for a couple years and all along I thought it was me. Many fights came out of this. Long story short, I ran out of refills and went a few weeks without and realized the nuva was surpressing my libido. It almost cost me my relationship. Take from that what you will."
"It came out"
"Started medication for IBS three days ago and have had significant improvement. It&#039;s amazing, actually was able to go to a restaurant today and not worry re having to rush to bathroom there or dash to one after leaving. Only concern is reading re the limited amount of time it works for. Does anyone know why you can only be retreated twice? Have other users found the time estimates for improvement to be accurate?"
"I have RSD a nerve disorder caused by a broken ankle. This is the only medication that gives me relief from the extreme pain and burning sensation you get with RSD. I&#039;m so happy with the results along with my nerve blocks."
"I was given the 8mg sample.  By the second day the medication began to work.  I could not urinate for most of the day.  It was a very annoying feeling to feel like you have to go and can&#039;t.  I stopped taking the medication after the third day when I felt constipated."
"My Dr thought this would be a good idea for me because of my knee condition I had had  for years. I figured I&#039;d give it a go and  big surprise it made it worse a lot worse -  it was like he stirred up a hornets nest after those shots. Now I&#039;m having more trouble with it than ever before with walking pain, sleeping pain, knee resting pain, it&#039;s all worse I&#039;m 40 and walk like I&#039;m 80. Physical therapy was a joke considering my condition can&#039;t be fixed without replacing the knee. All physical therapy did was get me to shift my weight to one side and now my other knee is giving me problems. I guess the Dr won&#039;t be happy until I&#039;m in a wheelchair ."
"I got the insert on June 12, 2015. On July 2, I began my menstrual and I am still on it 7/20/15. While I have not gain weight, got pregnant or had any pain, the constant bleeding makes it impossible to have sex."
"Titrated up to 40mg over two weeks and then tried riding it out for another couple of weeks. Eventually I could not take another day and discontinued the medication. Not only did I not experience relief, but I feel my symptoms worsened while taking Viibryd. I was more irritable, restless, angry, upset, and anxious than I had ever been in my entire life. Also experienced a lot of nausea and headaches"
"I started having panic attacks and anxiety coupled with mild depression.  I have been on Zoloft for 10 years and have always taken 50mg.  It has literally saved my life. I had gotten to the point I could not leave my house and had run out of stores and restaurants on several occassions.  I use to snap at my kids but the medication leveled out my moods and cured my panic attacks and had worked very well for me. I recommend it highly."
"I have Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy Syndrome and to those who actually have to feel the constant pain that we do, knows just how hard it makes our daily life. I have been on neurontin and amytriptiline and have had nerve blocks. I cry after I have a nerve block because I for a short time feel normal. These blocks are dangerous and I have had some complications.  My family physician prescribed Lyrica and I see a huge difference in my pain. I now have hope to live a normal life!"
"I received a second shot of Depo April 2017. I&#039;m writing this post late June 2017. I have been bleeding for 11 weeks!!! I will not be getting it again"
"This was costly but it really helped the coughing and my cold! And helped me sleep!"
"To DESERTFOX I have found that  methadone to be the best pain med. I am no longer foggy from large doses of morphine and 10 times better for my pain. Good luck!"
"I have been battling my weight since I was pregnant with my first son, who just turned 2.  I was 165 when I got pregnant with him, and on the day I went in to have my second son (who is 5 months old today) I weighed 270. I just took my first 25 mg dose of Topamax last night.  I am addicted to Diet Dr. Pepper and can&#039;t even stand the taste.  Not hungry either, so I&#039;m hopeful that this medicine will work.  I also take Celexa and Tenuate. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s the combination, or just the Topamax, but I am feeling kind of &quot;floaty&quot; today, in a sense.  Maybe this will improve with time."
"I had my IUD placed about 3 months after having my first kid. I thought it was a good idea since I read that it will stop periods. Since I am nursing I hadn&#039;t gotten a period until 1 week after I got mirena. My period had lasted over a week now. That part I do not like. I was probably better off without it. Hopefully this goes away soon."
"I&#039;ve been taken this medication for a year now, at first it works
and my BS went down without exercise. But the problem has I always had a yeast infection and now I&#039;m coughing a lot then I went to my doctor and had an ultrasound on the neck it came out that I had a small lymph node on my neck. That causes me coughing a lot. I`m just wondering if its one of the side effects of this medication taking 25mg. tablets. Any idea&acute;.And one bad side effects of this medication to is back pain."
"I have had the paragard for about 6 months.  Insertion was uncomfortable but not bad.  My first period with the iud was unbearable I cramped severely for 1 day.  And I had heavy bleeding for 3days. 4 normal bleeding days.  Then I spotted till my next period on and off.  My following periods since then have not been bad.  I barely cramp.  But I do have heavier bleeding.  My periods last a week.  I thought  my periods were going to be awful and that I would have bad cramps and bleeding would be really heavy.   Before the iud my periods were 3 days and pretty light.  So maybe that&#039;s why my periods w/ Iud aren&#039;t as bad?  I also use the period cup instead of tampons cuz they give me cramps.So maybe thats why I can&#039;t complain about the iud."
"I&#039;ve been on claravis 60mg a day (30 mg twice daily) for almost 3 months now. I&#039;ve seen some great improvement but I really expected to be completely clear by now. However I just read that you&#039;re supposed to take this pill with food and I haven&#039;t been doing that. Symptoms are horrible. Worst muscle aches I&#039;ve ever had in my life and my lips are so dry putting on Carmex every 10 seconds still barely helps. I used to have beautiful long shiny hair and now my hair is extremely stringy and brittle and I can only wash it once a week. I always feel sick and dehydrated and no amount of water I drink helps. Also my skin is a really weird texture. Headaches so bad sometimes I can&#039;t even see straight. Im trying so hard to stick it out but well see"
"So I&#039;ve been on penicillin the past few days for dental work and then the dread YI happened. Few years since my last one but I&#039;m going away in 2 days &amp; the LAST thing I need was to be uncomfortable on plane! I remember using the 3 day years ago &amp; couldn&#039;t remember anything aside from the YI clearing up. So I bought the 1 day. Man do I wish I would&#039;ve read this! Within 30 minutes I was on fire.  Annoyed at myself for giggling and being carefree just 30 mere moments before I put that egg in.  I was up &amp; down all night in more discomfort than I began with. But 10 hours later the pain has subsided to the point I function as a normal human. Good Luck Ladies there is a light at the end of this painful tunnel."
"Second week. Had some bad side effects but was determine to continue since I paid$ 90.00 for 30 pills. Unfortunately they have not worked for me. Lost 2 pounds in 2 weeks and still yo-yo from 0 lbs to 2 lbs losing. Get extremely hungry but craving are gone. I eat lots of vegetables not much meat (hate it).   Other than I don&#039;t see much negative reviews. Are they even posted. I will keep an eye on my review."
"I previously was using Finacea and a prescription cleanser which kept my rosacea under control.  I went to the dermatologist and she persuaded me to try Soolantra.  I was hesitant because I had previously tried it and it did nothing for me.  Let me tell you, ALWAYS listen to your instincts.  Worst decision ever! My Rosacea flareups previously consisted of small tiny bumps. Now I have about four cystic bumps across my face.  My skin has never been this bad.  I do not recommend this product if you suffer from mild Rosacea.  My skin felt sore and is now constantly red.  However, the small bumps I originally had did minimize but were replaced by the cystic bumps elsewhere. Try only as last resort and be prepared for it to get very bad."
"I&#039;ve been taking 15 mg mirtazapine for about 6 months. I love it. I am finally sleeping again. Other than not feeling depressed and sleeping, I haven&#039;t noticed any side effects."
"Dealing with HG with all my pregnancies this is my 3rd and Diclegis is absolutely life saver. I&#039;m afraid skipping a day to see if it&#039;s actually the pill or a good pregnancy. I went from throwing up 40x a day with my last pregnancy to one or none! I hope it&#039;ll help with heart burn also then it will be a 10 lol. Now it will make you sleepy and hard to get up the next morning another reason I&#039;m giving it a 8 but I&#039;m now 12 weeks and it&#039;s actually not getting me too sleepy any more as my body getting immune to it."
"Previous doctors did nothing to help me resolve attacks.  My new doctor suggested ProCardia, but was worried because my blood pressure was low, and I may feel light-headed as a side effect.  So far, this has not happened and I have not had an attack since.  I wish this was prescribed to me 10 years ago!"
"I&#039;ve used this for about a year and a half with no interactions with other drugs. It&#039;s fairly safe. "
"I got my skyla inserted today. I just wanted to write about the experience of getting it put in because so many people write about the pain of it and also the cramps. if you are worried about the pain- DONT BE. I seriously psyched myself out so much beforehand because of all the reviews of the pain. Yes it does hurt, but the worst of the pain lasted about 3 seconds and the whole process lasted a total of 4 minutes. I was worried because I got mine on Christmas Eve and I had a lot to do that day but I barely had any cramps the whole day. I did take Advil so that may have helped. I have some now and it is about 12:45am. It just feels like I&#039;m getting my period. It is very worth it because I don&#039;t have to worry for 3 years now."
"I had C-diff and  vancomycin worked great. I had been sick for over 4 months."
"I suffer from major depression and was a little skeptical when my doctor prescribed as I am not bipolar.  It really works great and I have been on everything.  There have been a few times that I did not refill my prescription right away and if I went without for a week I went into major depressive state.  Within a day of going back on it, the depression subsided a great deal."
"Only thing that works! I have MSK and vertigo and BOTH cause nausea with flare ups and this is my life saver!"
"This is the only one that works for me and it really does work half an hour after taking it.  This is important for me as our trips out in our boat are very spur of the moment.  Sadly I can no longer get this is the UK."
"Hypercare is a miracle.  I would sweat by the time I finish getting dressed.  And by the time I make it to work I could feel the sweat running down my armpits.  It was terrible!  My uniform shirt would be soaked.  Even when in regular clothes I would be sweating and not even realizing it until someone tells me.  I tried Hypercare at bedtime and the next day I experienced no sweat whatsoever!  Nine days later I&#039;m still sweat free.  I love it.  I only use it twice a week.  Great product!"
"I was looking forward to swapping my BCP to a lower hormonal, longer lasting option. UNTIL I started reading internet testiments. I psyched myself out so bad with the negative reviews I did happen to find, and almost called off my appointment. Alas, the morning of, I popped 800 mg of Motrin and listened to some classical music while practicing my breathing on the way to the doctor&#039;s. The whole thing took 4 minutes tops and the pain (more like an intense pinching cramp) lasted maybe a half a minute. All of that for nothing! I even got sweaty and woozy from preparing for the impending torture that never happened. I went home, proclaimed myself a superhero to my boyfriend, and even ran some errands. Oh and no kids "
"I was diagnosed with PMR in early 2012 after an overnight onset in late 2011. I had back surgery in Dec 2011 and thought that had been my problem when I woke up pain free. Unfortunately it took only 3 days for the steroids in the meds at surgery to wear off and the pain returned with a vengeance.  I was diagnosed with the PMR and given 20 mg daily of prednisone and started to immediately taper off.  After 4 years and transfer to Mayo clinic I still am fighting to stay off the prednisone.  After a week I begin to have hand pain, 10 days begins the arm muscle pain, 14 days and the stiff neck shoulder pain.  At 4 weeks all muscles and joints ache but no one has diagnosed it as fibromyalgia. Small relief fro 800 mg advil daily. is this fibromya"
"I have been on SSRI&#039;s and benzos for probably 3 or 4 years. SSRI&#039;s for depression and on top of that benzos for anxiety and panic attacks. Was on ativan for 3 years and it eventually stopped working. Would take 2 0.5mg pills and it would not affect my anxiety at all. Psychiatrist switched me to xanax 0.5mg everyday as needed up to 3 pills a day. It actually works. It takes a few minutes and wipes away any panic attack and softens my anxiety. I am very careful though because I know it can be very addictive. I was clean off the ativan for months and had no withdrawls so I know I was not addicted to that. Have only been on the xanax a few months and I only take it AS NEEDED so not to get addicted."
"This drug is a LIFECHANGER!  I see that others have had some bad experiences, but for me...it takes me from excruciating...nearly unbearable pain, to near-total relief within hours.  Yes, there&#039;s something very edgy about it...and if not taken carefully, with food...it can scramble your head for a while.  But for extreme gout attacks in my toes...and some kind of terribly nasty shoulder inflammation and searing pain...it has been, by far, the most effective medicine I have EVER taken.  And, I have some experience with painkillers.  I take Heavy duty narcotics for ruptured discs in my back that barely take the edge off that pain...and do nothing for gout attacks.  Indocin has taken me from not being able to walk...to running, in an afternoon"
"This medication worked for my anxiety but made me a complete zombie. I would forget things I was doing and just had a drowsy I don&#039;t care attitude. It got rid of my anxiety but interrupted my daily work routine because I couldn&#039;t think to function. 

I would only recommend if you are having extreme jump out of your skin anxiety, otherwise try to do things naturally. I started taking vitamins and working out regularly and my anxiety has gone down at least 60%."
"Had all the other treatments, Neoral, Light, creams etc. Neoral worked but I had been taking it too long so had to come off it. Legs completely covered, arms too, painful, itchy, embarrassing. Dr suggested biologics (Humira) started 2 years ago, cleared it straight away. One thing I&#039;m not sure of is the side effects. I&#039;ve had some strange things happen to me that have gone away when I missed a dose of Humira - anyome else had this ?"
"I am an RN and would like to ask a dr. first, but I figured I would try this route.  I had used this year&#039;s ago and had no side effects. I am on the second of 3 doses. The first was awful! The burning made me feel like it was eating my skin. I jumped in the shower and tried rinsing off the outside/peri area. I quickly read a few more reviews noting that one said to use coconut oil to help relieve the burning. That work well and made the burning bearable. Today, I felt like I was on the way to healing..tonight, I put coconut oil on and then used the ovule. I think the burning, itching came from any drainage...manageable and I&#039;m convinced that it was burning before since my tissue must have been so inflamed from the infection. Hope it works!"
"I have had the IUD for 3 years total. At first I had cramping and bleeding for the first two months, which I read is normal. But lately I have had other issues with the IUD. I have had severe cramping, bloating, mood swings, little or no sex drive and frequent milky white discharge throughout the day. I am thinking about getting it removed very soon because the cramping has gone on for 2 weeks straight, it feels as if someone is stabbing me in the lower abdomen. I am scared about getting it removed because I have never had a child but my doctor told me it was fine to have implanted."
"I just received the Vivitrol shot yesterday. Ironically it was also my birthday and I found it to be a miracle I was finally brave enough to do it. My Dr. has literally had 9 shots already sent before I finally did it. Its been a long drawn out battle as most of us know."
"This is my rescue pain medication for really bad migraine headaches.  I have killer ones - usually with aura so I can start pain meds (2x Percocet 10/325) before pain gets out of control.  I usually use Stadol if I awake with a Migraine.  This medication is a lifesaver - it takes me from suicide due to pain to just being able to sleep.  Only down side - it is the only medication that I have ever taken that I want more of once it wears off!  Beware of addiction!"
"I too have tried Ambien and since I heard many of my friends become slightly addicted to it, my doctor switched me to Silenor. It definitely works! And it doesn&#039;t give me that weird feeling like Ambien did at times. Couple of my other friends also say it worked for them. Copay was just as much as Ambien on my insurance. "
"My 9 years old nephew took this for a while. It helped with focus, but made him extremely angry and argumentative. Also, he refused to sleep at night unless he was in the same room as his grandmother. He has tried multiple medications but so far all gave some negative side effect or lose effectiveness soon after he starts taking it."
"Waste of money
No relief at all"
"thought it was a miracle drug at first until I ceased feeling emotions, and I was only ever on a low dose of 75mg. Been trying to ween off this drug for 3 months now and I had brain zaps (feels like an electrical impulse going through my head), no appetite, diarrhea, head aches, dysphoria, aches &amp; pains throughout my muscles and joints, dissociation (feels like I&#039;m watching myself watch paint dry), tremors, and sweats. I feel hopeless and like this drug has taken my life from me for the past few months. I would NEVER recommend this to anyone ever."
"i just started take 200mg a day for about 3 weeks now and it has pretty much cleared up. it&#039;s still in process but there was a huge difference. the only side effect I have had was being constipated which sucks, but would rather have that than psoriasis lol. i took methotrexate for about 2 months but that didn&#039;t help out all. I am very happy I switched to cyclosporine (:"
"Have been on it since April. Did the 14 days, then twice a week, now once a week and hope to be done in October. Had my Gyn paid attention to me it wouldn&#039;t have been so bad. The specialist had to first rile out any cancer as I had uterine cancer surgery the summer of 2012. It was bacterial and I&#039;m getting tired of &quot;still recovering&quot;. For the person who said the ovule gets stuck in the applicator, I reread the directions the first time I used it and it said you can use your finger. Much easier."
"Day three of 290 Linzess and nothing!  X-rays, CT, ultrasound show no reason for the lack of bowel movements... just a LOT of stool... Week three of blowing up like a balloon and only eating Jello and clear broth..and gaining weight!"
"I have tried EVERYTHING and this is the ONLY thing that worked."
"The first day after the shot, I felt lethargic and so very tired. The loss of appetite is the first thing that is apparent. I am having bowel issues, but I consider the trade off worth it. My sugar was 232 and is now between 92-158 depending on what I had for dinner the night before. Rice seems to make things bad. I have been on Trulicity for a month now and with the help of a calorie counter (Myfitnesspal) I have lost 20 lbs and feel so much better. I did develop a bit of inflammation in the third week, but it didn&#039;t last long, and who is to say it was related to Trulicity. Overall, its really keeping my appetite at bay, which was unheard of before. I love this drug."
"I have had the Skyla for one year now. Although my periods are lighter, they still come and I bleed for about two weeks at a time. I never used to have PMS and now I will cry uncontrollably for a day a few days before my period comes. I never had cramps and now I get a deep dull ache that I had never experienced before the Skyla. Up until month 6 or so it was debilitating. I was on the floor curled up in a ball and the pressure from my pants around my belly was painful and I just  cried. I kept it in as the doctors said it would get better. The pain is gone, but I have no sex drive and bleed for two weeks at a time. 

Everyone is different and I&#039;ve heard great experiences from other people. I will be removing mine soon."
"I had dark spots on my nose, forehead and chin. I use a cream almost every night for a 1,5 month and spots disappeared. It has been almost 7 years and and I noticed a small spots on my cheek and neck so I am going to try again"
"After two years of SEVERE PAIN in my stomach and esophagus, I finally decided to go to the doctor and get help. I thought all the pain was coming from an ulcer and after two years of pain, I found out that I did not have an ulcer (yet). The doctor prescribed me Protonix. In less than two days, all the pain and acids in my stomach stopped! I finally don&#039;t have acid reflux."
"WONDERDRUG!! Every drug has side effects people! The side effects from this one wore off for me after about 2 months..you gotta stick through it to get used to it, once you do it&#039;s totally worth it.  I went from having almost daily headaches and weekly severe migraines to maybe 1 migraine every couple of months that even then it was very minimal. Totally worth trying!"
"It seems that a lot of the people describing their experience with the NuvaRing are of the younger generation. I&#039;m 31 and have been using the ring for the last 4 months after being on Ortho Tri Cyclen for years.  Within the first 2 weeks of inserting the ring my body went through changes as if I was in puberty all over again.  My breasts swelled, and became annoyingly sensitive, my face broke out with acne and I gained weight over two months time.  On top of all of this, I&#039;ve been over emotional and tired.  The convenience of the ring is nice, but definitely not worth all the side effects for me. "
"I have been an alcholic for the better part of 25 years, was in detox five times during that period and finally seemed to get the abuse out of my life after an intense 28 day program. A week ago I discovered my girlfriend was messaging another man she used to date, it was a trigger I just could not handle and started drinking again, within a day I was back to where I left off eight mnths ago. I couldn&#039;t do detox again because of work so I went to see my doctor who prescribed Chlordiazepoxide, the effects were felt within the hour, shakes were completly gone. I continued to take the medication for four days and I have been great since. Highly recommend."
"This medication works better on bone pain than any other pain medication I have ever taken. The big plus is it does not fog my brain. It makes life as good as it gets when you have to have pain medication in order to function."
"I was on Lo Loestrin Fe for almost 2 years and they were the worst years of my life. First of all, my periods completely stopped as far as bleeding went (no bleeding). But I experienced all the other effects of a period such as bloating, cramps, PMS. The couple times I actually had my period while on this pill, I had yeast infection-like symptoms (to which my gynecologist said was normal) and horrendous cramping. Also, before Lo Loestrin I never experienced PMS, and after it, I did. I will start Taytulla so I hope this one works better!"
"I have been taking Phentermine for 6 months. I was 250lbs 5&#039;10&quot; male. One day got tired with shortness of breath just taking a shower, that opened my eyes that I needed help. Now I&#039;m 190lbs just taking this miracle medicine and just walk the dog type of exercise. Breakfast - Cheerios/2% lowfat milk and bagels with cream cheese. Lunch - chicken salad or shrimp salad with low fat dressing. Dinner - before 6pm - KFC grilled chicken 2pc. mash potatoes or rice. SNACK - 8pm any real fruit. AVOID ALL SODA EVEN DIET SODA, FRUIT DRINKS, ICE CREAM ANYTHING SWEET. &quot;WATER ONLY!&quot; It will be tough at first but stick to this for 1 month and you have survived. You WILL lose 10-15lbs. CHECK AND RECORD WEIGHT DAILY SAME TIME BEFORE BREAKFAST. GOOD LUCK."
"I had struggled with severe acne since middle school. It started in 6th grade and I honestly didn&#039;t know what to do. Sure other kids were getting pimples, it was the onset of puberty. But my acne was different. My face was soaked in oils, covered in patches of acne and red as hell. It really blew, and it continued that way until 8th grade. I had tried tons of &quot;solutions&quot; such as acne free, proactiv, Epiduo, and countless others. But there&#039;s a point where those medicines won&#039;t work for such a severe case of acne like mine, and many others. So in 8th grade my dad and I finally decided we should go see the dermatologist. He put me on Claravis for two months. I&#039;ve been clear ever since. Now I&#039;m a senior and I feel better than ever. Great experience."
"Started it two months ago and the only problem i have had with it is the fact that I am off my period for a few days and I start back up on it for a week and again the next week, been this way since I started. I have had regular periods with other birth controls and I was regular when I wasn&#039;t on the pill. I personally don&#039;t like having a period every other week and I take the pill everyday at 9am."
"This medicine is great. It has changed the way I feel on a daily basis. Every month about 1 week before my period all my muscles would hurt as if I was lifting heavy weights. I do work out but not hard enough to be that sore all week. I talk to my doctor and found out that I had PMDD. I was always in a bad mood and little things at home would just set me off but thanks to the combination of both I feel a lot better about myself and am always in a great mood. When I first started the Celexa I was always tired but know I have more energy. I have not had any issues with any of the medicine."
"I had been taking Remeron for about 6 months. I am 23 years of age and have had sleep problems my whole life. For 6 months my life was great. Everything seemed just perfect. 2 months ago I decided to stop taking it cold turkey. BAD idea. Within the last month the side effects began to kick in. Extreme anxiety, anger, sleeplessness, overall feeling of worthlessness came upon me. It was absolutely terrible! Today my doctor put me back on the medicine and tonight I&#039;ll be taking it again. I am so excited to see what lies ahead. If you take Remeron PLEASE do not quit taking it cold turkey on your own. Seek a doctors advice."
"My Doctor prescribed me lyrica for my social anxiety after having tried numerous other more conventional meds over the last 15 years ie; paxil,zoloft,effexor,xanax, etc  the list goes on and on , and finally (for me)this really , really works quite well. It stabilizes my feelings of anxiety as well as relieves stress related pain . I feel like a different person,  able  to take on life rather than hide and let it pass by. Thanks"
"It&#039;s not really helping anything"
"I take Lexapro 20mg once daily and 5mg (for now) three times daily. The first week I didn&#039;t notice much at all.. But now that I&#039;ve been taking it for over a week I am starting to notice it&#039;s effects. Most notably when I let it dissolve under my tongue. This medication has no notable side effects. Only downside is its mildly underpowered. To me, Lexapro is the work horse, and Buspar is a helper."
"I had a severe toothache that hurt so bad I couldn&#039;t even think. Over the years I have had morphine, Lortab, Tylox, you name it; nothing I tried completely killed the pain. Toradol did."
"Suboxone works wonders...i got off a 1 year habit of about HalfGram to 1Gram a day of GOOD STUFF (the best black tar around Downtown LA I think)  with only 3 8MG pills ...take 3 MG a day for about a week and you should be fine... Thank God for being clean ...NA and AA meetings really help..God Bless"
"BEST BIRTH CONTROL EVER. Curbs my appetite so much. I went off Yaz for 2 months and actually gained weight and was hungry 24/7. I have no negative side effects at all, and I never feel hungry. I have so much energy and my mood is more stable. Yaz is perfect for me."
"Honestly this medication is amazing. The only draw back is that some Dr.&#039;s don&#039;t want to prescribe it because it is a controlled substance. I feel so normal when I take this. I deal with heavy anxiety. My panic attacks are an everyday battle. From the heart attack feeling, sweaty palms, closed throat, difficulty breathing, feeling like I&#039;m dying and unable to work, drive, or get out of my bed this medication has given me my life back. I have 3 small children to care for and they need me! I am a much calmer mother. I have anger issues too. This medication helped me deal with my infuriating anxiety. I was so sick of feeling doomed and I hated feeling so weak. I have been on it for 6 Years. No complaints."
"Ok, so I was taking norethindrone because I was breastfeeding my son, when I decided to stop breastfeeding my Dr prescribed Microgestin 120. At first it was ok, my headaches improved and it helped decrease my milk supply faster. But once I got on the second pack I started having frequent headaches and migraines. My periods have gotten lighter, a plus, considering I&#039;m a bleeder. (TMI sorry), and I haven&#039;t gotten pregnant. But I get bloated almost every day and I literally have no energy. I could sleep all day and still wake up like I haven&#039;t slept in a week. I am not prone to depression at all, yet since I&#039;ve started this I get depressed for long stretches of time, and I get extremely irritable. I&#039;m getting a IUD later this week because of the effects."
"My dermatologist would prescribe other medicines, and pills before Cloderm and my skin would continue to constantly itch and crack and after a a couple weeks of using Cloderm, I instantly felt the difference and I highly recommend this medicine with anyone with eczema."
"I have been on different asthma medications for the past 3 years and this is the first one that actually works. No wonder this inhaler costs so much more than the other kinds! The only side effect I have is awareness of my own heart beat when I am lying down."
"I&#039;m 19 and have been suffering from migraines for the past couple years. I&#039;ve been taking Topamax for 6 months now, went from 25 to 75 mg daily now, and have noticed some reduced frequency in my migraines. I&#039;m also pretty thin to begin with and can&#039;t afford to lose any more weight. I&#039;ve lost 15lbs already and noticed the 2 days I ran out of the medicines. I actually felt hungry and ate. I think it&#039;s time to consider some other options."
"Stay away from this devil, I&#039;ve had it for 2 years and in that time I&#039;ve had the worse experience of my life and didn&#039;t even know it was from my birth control! It&#039;s caused me 2 have serious  stomach  issues with pain &amp; seseitvity back &amp; for to docs 2 see why I&#039;m always in pain can puke at any time I want just like I was pregnant.my head is always pounding my hair is oily &amp; I&#039;ve gained over 50 pounds and I&#039;m very active even though I have no energy I make myself walk or hike a lot! Sex what&#039;s that this makes me sick to think about being touched.but I did get it removed today I will say I&#039;m having serious leg cramps just like I did when I first got it..at that time I blamed it on work but I&#039;m now shown it was from the BC ..Don&#039;t get it!"
"I have some kind of Depressive Disorder-- Never have had a diagnosis done but I ruminate a lot. I also suffered a manic episode a few months ago which served to make me feel more trapped and hopeless than ever. I started Latuda about 6 weeks ago at 20 mg. My psych was confident about this medication. Three weeks into the treatment I began to feel way less depressed. I was socializing more, and I wouldn&#039;t get stuck in my thoughts. It was wonderful. Unfortunately it lasted only for a few days and the depression came back. I continued to work with my doctor and we increased the dosage from 40 to 60 to 80. Right now, I am tapering off of it and feeling more miserable and incapacitated than I have in my entire life. It&#039;s horrible. I feel like I don&#039;t know what to do with myself. The voice in my head is relentless.

This medication made me worse, and my psych and I had very high hopes for it. I couldn&#039;t sleep on it as well. I wanted to stick it out to see if a higher does would work for me but decided that the depression I&#039;m experiencing now is much too intense to push on through. I&#039;m going to see her ASAP after the holidays and ask to be put on Lactimal. Maybe this will work for you, but it was not my niche. I&#039;m giving it a two only because I experienced no side effects aside from the insomnia, and Seroquel took care of that."
"Best OTC medicine available, with the least side effects (maybe a little sleepy).  Great to take traveling!"
"I&#039;ve been on Kariva for almost 5 years and absolutely loved it! No weight gain, but sometimes moody and have cramps but that&#039;s normal."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for a little over a year and I&#039;m not happy with it. I&#039;ve had severe breakouts of acne which I&#039;ve never had before, my anxiety has been way worse then ever before, I&#039;ve gained 20lbs, and has lowered my sex drive a whole lot. I tried to figure out for the longest time why all these things were happening to me but I soon came to the realization that it is the nexplanon. I do not recommend anyone to use this);"
"I was taking a combination of Geodon and Lamictal for about a month and a half. My mood was better at first, but after a few weeks it seemed to lose its effectiveness. It made me extremely drowsy and made my thoughts clouded. My mood got so bad that I ended up being hospitalized. Within days of being off of this medicine my mental clarity and energy returned."
"Update:  Started with the low dose on 7/14/14 for two weeks and moved to the higher does thereafter.  Have been on Qsymia since that time and it is now 9/9/14 and I have lost 21 lbs.  57 year old woman, 5&#039; 6&quot;.  Doing well and want to keep going.  Hoping to lose 50 lbs. by the end of the year."
"I did have some significant side effects for the first two weeks but I took only one pill a day for that time to get used to it. I am up to two a day now (recommended dose) and the side effects are gone except for slight nausea once in a while.  I have lost 6 lbs in about 3 weeks.  That is quite good for me as I am not very active.  Busy but sedentary life."
"Went to the doctor for an upper respiratory tract infection that would not relent.  The Septra DS had me feeling much better in just a couple of days.  Remember to finish the entire prescription!"
"This has been my first time on birth control. I never really experienced many symptoms the worst would be the really bad headaches towards the end of my active pills and during the placebo pills. After 7-8 months are when things started to chance I spotted for 11 days; and that had never happened to me. I didn&#039;t miss a pill or anything but I still got my period as usual. The following month I did not miss any pills, did all I was suppose to but I missed my period completely. And not on the 9/10th  month I have been spotting for the past 3 days (I think due to missing on pill but taking it first thing in the morning and the other at my usual time) but the cramps are horrible. This BC has given me more or a headache than anything"
"Being 3 months pregnant I had a list of what I could take for constipation and since I haven&#039;t gone in 5 days I finally went to target and got Phillips milk of magnesia (cramp free) and about an hour 1/2 I had to go really bad I was on toilet for about 30 mins. Instant relief right away I even stopped having a headache! So definitely effective!"
"I am on the 2nd shot, so I have been taking this for about 6 months. I did a lot of research before I decided to try it and a lot of it scared me because, I had been reading about women who had never-ending periods and crazy mood swings. I decided to try it and if it wasn&#039;t right for me I would stop. I have almost no side effects, I get a period every month and a half. It&#039;s light and mostly spotting. Plus I get an anxious mood swings every now and again. I am really glad I tried it!"
"I have taken 1 .75mg shot of Trulicity and I&#039;m going to beg my Dr. to take me off of it.  I was nauseous from day 2 onward and today (7 days later) I&#039;m vomiting, have explosive diarrhea, and horrible foul belching.  This is the same exact reaction, down to the belching, that I had while taking Metformin.  If you are taking Trulicity AND Metformin, I&#039;m not sure how you are even alive.  

My A1C, tested 2x in the last 6 months, is 6.5 and that was while taking Januvia, Pioglitazone and Farxiga.  My Dr. replaced the Januvia with Trulicity to help improve my daily high readings.  Today is shot day...not happening.  As I type I&#039;m about to puke..."
"I&#039;ve taken Bactim three times and my UTI keeps returning and now I have to go to a urologist. Not a good time for me as I will be moving very soon and the Bactrim gives me a yeast infection. When will this problem end?  Most miserable!"
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for about 3 months now.  I&#039;m 29, no kids, active lifestyle.  So far its been a mess down south.  I will bleed for a few hours every week or so, then constant spotting since day one (brown dry blood consistency).  My acne had gotten out of hand, so I went to my GP to get prescription acne lotion and hopefully that will help.  Breast tenderness and constant feeling of being bloated.  Just waiting for this to pass and my body to adjust&hellip;but not sure if it will.  I cannot do oral contraceptive as it makes me extremely moody and cause weight gain."
"I was diagnosed with bi polar in 12/28/2015.. It has been very hard from then until now. I first was on lithium it didn&#039;t work for me. I was still maniac. I switched doctors and was put on lithium. My doctor called it the Mercedes of meds.. So I went with it.  It took 4 months to see a difference.. I had to takes meds faithfully.  9 months and Latuda has changed my life. I did gain weight. Now I&#039;m working out on getting it off.."
"I only gave it a 7 because I&#039;m on day 3. Dizziness and nausea, be careful driving before you get a feel for what your reaction will be. Everyone is different. The nausea was often minimized by eating  decent meal with the meds, BUT it still came back about an hr to 1.5 hrs. The dizziness, I felt like I was drinking, seriously. Hopefully it&#039;s all clear when I&#039;m done in 2 days. I was feeling like crap, I wore a T-shirt that I wear to sleep to my evening class today (I&#039;m over 27). Glad I found this site!

If you&#039;re a female, ensure you don&#039;t have Bacterial Vaginitis (bv) because that should be treated as well."
"I&#039;ve been using Elocon since I was 8 years old, I am now 35 and it&#039;s my faithful companion. Usually I slather it on the weekend before bed, by the time I shower mid-day all the scales wash off with a gentle scrub. It usually lasts me a week before it starts creeping up again but at least I know how to control it and now most people have no idea I have psoriasis unless I tell them."
"In 2010 I started getting horrible 1 sided migraines that would put me in bed praying for death for hours everyday. Doctor prescribed propranolol 80mg extended release. Within the the 1st week the migraines had lessened on intensity and by the 2nd week were completely gone. 3 years later in 2013, the dreaded migraines returned. Went back to doctor, told him what medication I needed, and sure enough, exact same result. But now here we are 4 years later and they&#039;re back. Wish we could figure out why I seem to only have this issue every 3-4 years, but at least I know there&#039;s something out there that works for me."
"I switched to this birth control from being on the depo,because I was doing fine till it was like my 3rd shot and I started to bleed and cramp so heavy then usual and nothing was stopping it so I switched to this birth control and so far everything was good till it hid the 3rd month mark and that&#039;s when I&#039;m started to spot and later on bleed. Which I still am at this point in time and it&#039;s been a whole month now. At this rate I don&#039;t think I want to be on birth control at all anymore if all I do is bleed."
"This Medicene makes me sick!!! Nauseated so bad.! Will call Doctor to see if their is another option. No way I can take this for several more days."
"Last year had four injections in my right knee in Nov.  It took a good 3 weeks after my 4th shot to be pain free. It&#039;s a year later and needed to start the injections in my left knee. I have already started to feel some relief. I did not let the second knee get as bad before seeking this treatment.  I&#039;m back to tennis and will Pickleball soon. I did start to feel some discomfort in my right knee again so will most likely start injections in that knee after the first of the year. Sure worth a try. BESURE TO DO YOUR PT EXERCISES DAILY. I&#039;m 66 so good luck!!"
"This ointment was the only thing that worked for my eczema.  I had it on my leg for years and it was open and raw; the itch unbearable.  I tried everything and this was the only thing that made it go away.  10 years later and it has not come back."
"I&#039;ve only started this medication about 3 weeks ago, I take 75mg/day. I&#039;ve noticed a big difference when I exercise now. Normally a walk around the track or using my elliptical would have me in a ton of pain for the rest of the day. Now I can exercise without the all day pain anymore."
"I began taking Plaquenil for RA 1 month ago. Despite information from my doctor that it would be at least 3 months before I see an appreciable effect, I am feeling better than I have in the last year. Prior to Plaquenil, I tried Mobic &amp; Medrol, both with limited improvement. But over the last few weeks I have been able to play basketball with my son again, move without thinking or a &#039;warm up period&#039;, return to the gym, begin Pilates &amp; I&#039;ve lost 12 pounds! I did have some GI upset over the last month, but nothing I would consider stopping this medication for. I am able to enjoy things again &amp; live life without discomfort."
"Best and least expensive. Came off Celexa because of side effect. Be patient, it works in about 3 weeks."
"I&#039;ve used qvar for years, after using azmacort, which started giving me panic attacks. I only use it once a day, which is fantastic. The expense is horrible. It&#039;s gone up in price drastically over the past three years--just went up again I believe, to $178 for a 40mcg inhaler. It&#039;s the best medication for me, as I need very little of it, and I don&#039;t except in extremely rare circumstances, need my emergency inhaler. It&#039;s great for management of my mild asthma. Insurance helps a lot with the expense."
"Horrible. Terrible itching and burns!! Do not use this, the dosage is way too high. I suggest a 3 day or 7 day one, way more effective and lower dosage so burning and itchy is less."
"No side effects and a lot easier to my metabolism than Lasix"
"I started Chateal four months ago. Bad  idea, I&#039;ve gained 20 pounds, something extremely unusual for me cause I had the same weight since I was 15 and I&#039;ve been having acne episodes which is even more rare cause I never had it before either. No severe mood changes but I&#039;ve been very tired and sleepy too. 
Conclusion: This pill sucks I can&#039;t wait to change it."
"Within 10 minutes of taking the pills I could taste the metallic taste. It was not unbearable. BV was gone when I was done with the 2 day treatment. Make sure to take with a very large meal! I think this is what saved me from vomiting. I have a very sensitive stomach and only felt nauseous a couple times but it went away quickly. Only other side effect was that I was very fatigued."
"Been prescribed xyzal for years. Just recently bought it over the counter for a cheaper price. The plus with this medication is that it helps a bit with my rhinitis and eliminates my hives completely. However, I&#039;m now reading about drowsiness side effects others have been experiencing and wonder if this has been the cause of my fatigue."
"I&#039;m 44 years old and only 5 feet tall and have struggled with my weight for over a decade. I&#039;m currently at my heaviest at 250 pounds. I was so small in high school - college 100 pounds. A friend at work lost 31 pounds on it in just 3 months. I asked him how he did it and he told me about it. I went to his doctor since my doc NEVER told me about this miracle of a pill and I just started it today. I&#039;ve read a lot of great comments about it. I do have borderline blood pressure to start with so was told to check my bp on it daily. I took one full 37.5 pill at 10 a.m. I about 2 -3 hours later I felt a little dizzy. Around 7 pm I&#039;ve had stomach upset. I&#039;m praying I loose weight on this."
"I&#039;ve been on fluoxetine for 8 years plus for depression, anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder.  I thought I can do without it so I stopped several times in my 8 years and I can tell you that was a mistake.  I have severe depression and my anxiety goes through the roof and death would be a welcoming concept.  But I know I can&#039;t live without the medicines. It makes me think categorize my thoughts and I think more logically without compromise."
"Relax nicely, act better than cyclobenzaprine"
"This medicine has been a GOD SEND for me! Bad nerves (anxiety, panic attacks, etc.) &amp; depression run rampant on my mom&#039;s side of the family &amp; I&#039;ve suffered since I was about 14 (I&#039;m 41 now)! It was pure, unrelenting HELL suffering through that stuff at such a young age. Before Sertraline, I had tried Imipramine &amp; then Paxil. The Sertraline has been the best (&amp; worked the longest) by far but, I can almost guarantee it&#039;ll take away any libido you have. Your sex drive never seems to come back either, no matter how long you&#039;ve been on this medicine. I thought it would but, nope! It HAS made me feel &#039;normal&#039; (fine/healthy) again though &amp; for that, I&#039;m beyond grateful. Only side effects I had at first were weird dreams &amp; smell/taste perversion."
"The estring was my answer to vagina dryness and extremely painful intercourse. And I wasn&#039;t even in menopause yet.  I also had vuvlydynia causing extremely burn and pain.  I had tried the cream, Estrace, but could never keep it up and didn&#039;t want to deal with it.  Finally  my doctor recommended the estring.  After 2 or 3 weeks, I was feeling completely normal again.  I&#039;ve been using this for almost 9 months now, and I no longer have any pain, and the vuvlydynia seems to be gone.  It&#039;s a miracle.  I can actually have pain free sex once again."
"I have been on Victoza since January 22, 2011. I have lost 34 pounds, my blood sugar A1C is now 6.3. I have excellent readings. I am only on Victoza no other diabetic medication. I was taking 1000 mg of Metformin twice a day and Januvia once a day before I started on Victoza. I feel so much better. I take 1.8 each day at 6pm."
"My dad just got put on this medicine.  It is great.  We can cook food, give him a shot and in a couple of minutes he can get himself out of the chair and eat his dinner.  He should have been on this years ago. It is a miracle medicine."
"Went to gyno for severe cramping and just overall not feeling well. She of course did pelvic and then told me she was going to do vaginal ultrasound. Ok, 2 days later, no phone call, my Pharmacy has prescription ready. Normally this medicine has not really worked in the past when I obviously knew I had yeast infection, so I am really hoping that my cramping goes away and I finally start feeling myself again!"
"I had my Implanon inserted with no complications. There was little to no pain, and the insertion spot healed very well. Soon after getting the Implanon I began my period which lasted over four months. I contacted my OB and he said this was normal. My period finally stopped and I now have a period that lasts the entire month. I have a period for a month and the next month I will not have one. My doctor prescribed my estrogen pills to control my cycle, which worked for only a couple months. Other than the periods I have been having severe headaches. The one positive thing I can say about this method of birth control is it works, unlike other methods I have tried."
"Prepopik is the way to go for colonoscopy prep. Last time I had to drink the 64 ounces of Golightly which was horrible! Sickening taste that made me want to vomit, chills, aches &amp; pains, and just plain horrible. Prepopik was a piece of cake! Starting 7 days prior to procedure by cutting out high fiber foods, nuts &amp; seeds until the day before procedure when I went the liquid diet of basically popsicles, jello, &amp; Sprite Zero. This was probably the worst part of my prep this time simply because I was hungry! Started using the Prepopik at 6:00 pm night before my procedure following the instructions in box and it worked wonderfully without all the other issues! Doc said it cleaned my colon very well too so I don&#039;t have to go back for 10 years!"
"I&#039;ve been on the ring for about 2 years and I LOVE the ease of it but don&#039;t like the decrease in sex drive (its non existent) and the increase in breast size. I have implants....don&#039;t need them larger! I&#039;ve been crazy, moody also which I didn&#039;t really attribute to this until after reading the reviews.  I&#039;m switching back to pills to see if it really was the ring or not."
"I&#039;m a cancer survivor and promethazine was prescribed to me during the time when I was having chemotherapy and radiation. I was very nauseated at the time. My doctor prescribed me the promethazine and it really worked. Plus i got some sleep."
"I got Kyleena put in September (2017), so I&#039;ve had it for  3 months now. The procedure was simple and quick. I was on the last few days of my period when I saw the OBGYN. The appointment started off just like a annual one. She told me all about it and asked if I had questions. I did a lot of research before, so I felt good and knowledgeable. My OBGYN is fantastic. She explained everything as she did it and told me when I would feel the pinch/pain from the placement. I would describe it as a 6, but it was quick pain. I had a little spotting after and some cramping. I did half a day at work, so I relaxed with a heated blanket, napped and was fine by the next day. 

Side effects: acne first month (gone now) and some spotting (third month)."
"I had Skyla inserted back in January, and the doctor gave me Cytotec (1 the night before and the morning of procedure), she also gave me Norco to take an hour before the procedure. During the procedure she also put a bit of numbing medication onto my cervix, the whole actual insertion process probably took 30 seconds, and the overall procedure, MAYBE 5 minutes if that. It wasn&#039;t exactly a walk in the park with the pain, but it was definitely tolerable. I&#039;ve had a few cramps each month, but nothing crazy and 2 periods since the insertion. So far, I absolutely love it and would recommend it to everyone! No scares and my hormones are normal! I am planning on getting it once this one expires. Don&#039;t let the reviews scare you!"
"So with my Schizoaffective disorder, in the mornings I get moody and grumpy and little stressed, so I take 1 mg before going to work and in 30 minutes exactly magic happens and I feel relaxed and calm which leads to better communication at work since I&#039;m a peer support worker.
works great 10/10"
"This review is more frustration with my doctors than this drug. I was diagnosed with inattentive type ADHD over a year ago, although I&#039;ve had it for my entire life. Because my heart rate was high, I was initially put on Strattera. Didn&#039;t work, massive headaches, gross night sweats. Gave up for a while. Finally got a new doctor and she puts me on Catapres because it helps with anxiety (which I have bundles of) and prescribing a stimulant would lead to &quot;questions about her qualifications&quot; (seriously tho). Taking it at night with my Trazodone does help put me to sleep, but has long-lasting lethargic effects during the day that end up causing ironic panic attacks at work because I hate feeling sedated when I need to be alert. Back to square one"
"**This is a missing side effect that should&#039;ve been noted in the prescription information! *** For the first two years this medication came out I continue to use it along with my disease management drug. I was taking tecfidera.  These two medications combined  drastically slow down your lower intestinal.  Ampyra lists constipation as a minor, less common  side effect. After some research with my doctor he researched the medications in medical journals and the chemical compounds and he thought two should not be taken together for this particular reason."
"48 year old obese male. I think I been suffering with low testosterone my whole life. I first tested last month with a Score of 78. I took my first shot 300mg and I felt great for about 9 days. It has reversed leg and foot pain and gave me energy like never before. I just took my second shot today and I am looking forward to a new life Thanks."
"Started taking Invokana 100 mg on 4/19/16. By 4/26/16 I developed the most horrendous yeast infection ever. I was then prescribed fluconazole 100 mg for 10 days. So far have not had any relief from the yeast infection. Brain fog and awful muscle and joint pain have also plagued me after I started taking Invokana.  I have since stopped taking it, just not worth the physical pain or the mental disconnect that comes with it."
"I had a headache almost every day for over a year, and when I was at the neurologist for a concussion, the daily headaches were finally addressed, and I was put on a medication I was told was often tried before or after Nortriptyline. He said that if this one didn&#039;t work, it was likely that Nortryptaline would. I was soon prescribed Nortriptyline: 25mg at night for the first week and 50mg after that. Dry mouth was a side effect, but it went away shortly. When taking 25 of 50mg in the morning, I didn&#039;t notice it making me drowsy like I had been warned it would. Bad headaches occurred when stopping the drug for a few days. Subtle dry mouth would happen with the start again. Still taking it, haven&#039;t gone 40 days headache free quite yet."
"On about a week now and feeling like my life is changing. I don&#039;t feel like complete garbage everyday, I don&#039;t over think everything, and I&#039;m much happier. First day was the worst but then got clonazepam and it made the first period feel MUCH better. Loving it so far!"
"I&#039;ve had panic disorder for 36 years, in addition to ptsd, and ocd. Clonazepam 1mg twice daily has enabled me to have some sort of life. Panic disorder reduces quality of life, and I more or less live in a bubble. However, integrated with CBT, I am finding that my &quot;bubble&quot; is expanding. I&#039;m able to go out of the house, drive, and function throughout the day. After taking it for several years with success, my new psych wants me to discontinue it due to addictive properties. So, back to living in my bubble, I guess. Why do they create a useful medication, and then tell you that you can&#039;t take it any longer? Drs overprescribe, FDA cracks down, and those that benefit from it are left in the dirt."
"used Levitra on 4 seperate occasions (10 mill each time) and results were non existent. Dont know how i&#039;m gonna solve this problem. No side effects but no erections either - very disappointed having paid over &pound;50"
"I took Pristiq for about 5 months, 50mg per day.  At first it was great.  All of a sudden I started getting really irritable after taking my does.  Super irritable.  I was in a foul mood and I would snap at people at work and at my girlfriend. I immediately quit cold turkey which I knew would be hard but I couldn&#039;t go another day being looped out.  Now it&#039;s been a month since I stopped taking it and I&#039;m feeling rather depressed, so I&#039;m thinking about trying something different.  What has helped my anxiety in the mean time is eating right and exercise."
"I have been suffering with acne for 3-4 years now and I have tried every cream the doctors proscription me with and this was my last resort as I am unable to taked tablets and there is so liquid form to treat acne. 
Yes there is burning and it hurts but it works! I have had this for 7 days now and the improvement is massive despite the pain it comes with it"
"Works in just a few minutes. I like the spray in place of the Fentanyl sub-lingual tabs. I like Sub-Sys made by INSYS Pharm. I know I have been on these type med&#039;s for 20  yrs."
"I was taking this Microgestin Fe 1/20 just over 4 years. I got really bad headaches and gained weight, and I was very moody."
"I started to to have persistent stress so much I could not concentrate on anything (I&#039;m software developer and my job requires high amount of focus). I tried exercise, eating well, deep breath without success. They were effective to decrease it a little bit but it was not enough. Then I started escitalopram (10 mg per day at 6 pm).  It was a miracle. Without any apparent reason, my anxiety disappeared. My external world did not change. I was still living in the same place with the same people, the same job; everything stayed the same but somehow I was not worried anymore. I was on it for 1.5 year. When I discontinued it, I stayed GAD free. I discontinued it because most of the external stress triggers in my life were not there any more."
"Beware of side effects! This medication caused Sexual side effects. Unless you are a Man who doesn&#039;t mind not being able to  have ejaculation in the bedroom, don&#039;t mind growing breasts when you are a Man!, and don&#039;t mind gaining weight, DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION."
"Took for 3 months. Did not affect my blood glucose levels at all. But severely increased my bathroom visits and caused me to sweat uncontrollably."
"I&#039;ve been on Asacol for years - 12 tabs /day.  No side effects, easy to take, but sometimes during flares it fails to release.  Release is pH dependent (as are some competing drugs), in my case I think that&#039;s the problem. This problem is not well publicized, so doctors aren&#039;t aware of it."
"Induced a period around a couple of days after the 10th pill was taken. Caused upset stomach, but otherwise worked well."
"I was prescribed this for a Staph infection of the Skin. The first few days I was very fatigued and had mild neck pain then on Day 7 of 10 that it was prescribed for I started breaking out in a rash on one thigh and then it spread throughout the day and was on my chest and arms by the night. I was also freezing! I took 2 benadryl that night then woke up the next morning and the rash all over from my neck all the way down to my ankles, front and back and was cold all day! I went to urgent care and ended up getting a steroid injection at urgent care then had to take a high dose Prednisone for 3 days after that. After Steroids were started I noticed that the joint pain went away and I also was swelled from the rash."
"I wouldn&#039;t try this or Lyrica again.  I have had fibromyalgia since before the doctor knew what it was.  No drug has been worth taking because of the side effects.  They eventually lose some effectiveness, then the doctors want to up the dosage or give another.  I&#039;ve gained 100 pounds.  I&#039;m sick all of the time.  The depression does not go away.  I think the added weight is worse on my body than the original symptoms."
"If a doseage has been missed , I can feel the difference within twelve to eighteen hours.  I work a physical day and if not for Spiriva and my Salbutamol inhaler , I wouldn&#039;t last a few hours."
"Hi I had all these symptoms last year and they have returned. Only this time they gave me 4 weeks of the antibiotic drug trimethoprim.  So far it&#039;s caused my urine to smell funny, slight back pain and pins needles, numbness in my hands I&#039;m also waiting on a PSA and creatnine blood tests I think 1 is to check if the kidneys are function properly and also a PSA blood check to see if any cancer is present. I had all this done last year but was only given a weeks cause of these but I don&#039;t find them very effective whatsoever. However the GP as gave me doxycycline 100mg which I had to ask for by name as she said these ones should sort it so I explained to my doctor I need another antibiotic so she did gave me doxycycline 100mg."
"My doctor switched me to Advair 3 1/2 years ago.  My wheezing and coughing has stopped!  I have resumed a &quot;normal&quot; living style with exercise and outdoor activities.  This is great considering my outdoor lifestyle was my asthma trigger.  I have had none of the side effects listed for this product."
"I&#039;ve been on this BC for about 3 months now. This is the 3rd prescribed type of pill I&#039;ve been on. Weight gain was an issue when I first started w/ Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, but my weight has been pretty constant now. My acne has cleared up significantly, which is nice! My sex drive is still the same, unless I&#039;m the water pill week. My periods have been pretty brief compared to my original 7 day cycles, then becoming 2 weeks (yes, weeks!) on the 2nd BC I was on for months, they are very predictable and my calendar is always accurate so I am well prepared, but I still get SEVERE cramps the first 2 days, which has always been a constant problem for me, on and off ALL the BC&#039;s I&#039;ve been on. I am still a virgin, only 17, and not sure why this is??"
"My husband and I have been battling opiates for a while now. We started with herion. Then went to a methodone clinic to get off the herion. We asked to get weened down off the methodone and they said it would take 6 months. We stopped and tried to do it on our own but you know what happened. We had terrible withdrawls. Finally a doctor could see me and we have been taking suboxone for 2 days. It&#039;s great. Now we will ween ourselves off this and be done."
"After five years, I can honestly say I love this birth control. I should&#039;ve been pregnant 6x over, as I have sex on average once a day every day with my boyfriend. No period for five years is also a HUGE plus; I had terrible periods, now nothing. 
Downsides: I&#039;ve always had acne, and still do. Might&#039;ve made it a bit worse, but I can&#039;t be certain it was the birth control. 
I have gained about ten pounds, but it could also be because I started this birth control when I was so young, and I&#039;m now growing into my body. I&#039;m only 21. 
Low sex drive. I used to think about sex all the time; now I never crave it. I do it more now for him. I think it&#039;s turned me asexual.
Overall though, no periods and no pregnancies are good with me!"
"15 year old female with ADHD and mild depression. This sent me into a downwards spiral of suicidal thoughts and erratic behavior. It also caused me to throw up and miss meals due to the &#039;stuck in my throat&#039; feeling it gave in addition to the burning acid in my throat feeling. Also it gave me headaches so severe I wouldn&#039;t even get out of bed. 
 I give this a 2/10 because although it did help a little, the negative side effects are too much for me."
"This is the only thing to relieve my symptoms. Over the counter medicines helped only slightly. I was suffering from a severe hacking cough due to nasal and chest congestion, as well as itching and sneezing. After taking this, I got my first good night sleep in days. The only reason I didn&#039;t give a full 10 is that it makes me feel drowsy and disconnected. It&#039;s worth it to me. I would recommend this to anyone."
"I have suffered with restless legs syndrome for years. Tried Requip and it made me horribly sick on my stomach within 30 minutes after taking it. Then tried Mirapex and still had major symptoms. Then came NEUPRO! WOW! I could live again! It has changed my quality of life extremely! But the patch doesn&#039;t stay on well so I use paper tape to keep them on the whole 24 hrs.  Was able to get a reduced payment on medicines for $10.00 a month for 12 months for 30 day supply. Insurance would not cover it."
"I have been on this medicine for about a year. Great medicine. Blood pressure went from 160/94 to 110/72 also lost about 25 pounds."
"I do not recommend this at all, at first it was great because you don&#039;t get your period for months and you don&#039;t have to worry a lot about condoms but then I realized that cant be good for your body, and when you did get your period after months it lasted a whole month also my bones started to feel weird this shot might be good for a short term thing but not a long term option it will destroy your body im sticking to condoms definitely ..you cant mess with the way your body functions"
"This medicine gave me great relief within few hours of taking it. However, I get really painful cramps in my stomach. I realized I get hungry more often. I have been on it for about three years. Within these three years I have taken about six doses. I think it is great."
"The first month I started taking this my period was horrible. It lasted for almost 2 weeks. My periods have lightened up quite a bit since I started taking it but I&#039;m still spotting and I&#039;ve only tried skipping my period once, which it didn&#039;t work. On the brighter side this pill has helped clear up my acne quite a bit. I don&#039;t eat much anymore either and in return I&#039;ve lost quite a bit of weight. All in all its not a bad pill besides my period and spotting problem. It does what it&#039;s supposed to which is keep me from becoming pregnant which is great."
"Bilateral Pulmonary Emboli directly due to Nuvaring use. 
Misdiagnosed by first couple physicians and sent directly to ER after another physician recognized the signs of a potential blood clot. I was extremely active, had a great career, and never thought something like this would happen to me. I really liked the Nuvaring for a variety of reasons, but nothing is worth dying for. This came very close to killing me and I had to make big changes to my life after my blood clots. Weigh Risks and Benefits with more than 1 physician, and look for alternatives!!!"
"Most painful injection in my life! Felt like a screwdriver being shoved in my arm. Shot was given very high on my arm and I believe it went into shoulder joint. 45 min after given I experienced severe low back pain and after almost 2 months I have severe pain when abducting my arm. I have taken a round of Keflex from my FNP."
"This works great for my migraines.  Much better than Imitrex, Zomig nasal spray or Fioricet.  Every once in a while, it will fail to knock out a migraine, but on the whole, it&#039;s a lot more effective than Zomig. It can make you jumpy, but faced with being jumpy or in horrifying pain, I&#039;ll take jumpy any day.

If you used Midrin and it worked for you, it&#039;s worth giving it a try."
"I am currently 19, in good health, not taking other medicines, have been tested negative for STD&#039;s, and sexually active with one partner only. I am taking birth control mainly as a contraceptive and partly to regulate my irregular periods. I have just completed my first week on Tri-Sprintec and have not experienced any significant changes. I have not had any mood swings in the past week, nor experienced drops/spikes in libido. No significant weight gain in this past week, however I do feel my sports bras tightening up. (Hopefully my breasts are growing?) No breast tenderness. No change in appetite. Complexion looks better if not the same. I will continue to share my experience with this pill. Currently very happy with it. "
"This pill made me feel terrible! It caused me to break out everywhere, bloating, and migraines everyday I was on it! I have taken it for a week and my doctor advised me to switch mid-pack back to my old pill, Low-ogestrel which has worked the best for me."
"Hardly any side effects. Great generic for Alesse.  Was having some endometriosis problems with NoraB and changed to Lutera...no problems any more."
"I do not recommend this drug at all! I have had IBS for 6 years this drug made my diarrhea worse!! I had great hopes that this drug was going to give me some relief, not so. I do believe that an antibiotic will one day cure this problem, I was given a common antibiotic for a sinus infection on two different occasions which not only cured my sinuses but also stopped the diarrhea for months. This drug is not the cure, not to mention the fact that is drug cost nearly $2000.00 please do not assume that I am complaining due to cost, this drug cost me 25.00, my insurance company was the one who paid. I would suggest to this drug company, Go back to the drawing board!"
"I lost about 40lbs through changing my eating habits and regular exercise over a period of about 18 months, but I had hit a plateau. I was referred to a weight loss clinic by my co-workers, who are having great success with phentermine. After my first week of taking phentermine 37.5, I was constantly famished, and tired. At the 3 week marker (down 6 lbs), I requested to switch to Adipex. I noticed a difference the very first dose. I&#039;m on day 3 of Adipex, and it seems to do a much more consistent job of curbing my appetite, and I don&#039;t feel sleepy. I&#039;m not overly energetic, but also not jittery, and I&#039;m
not getting the headaches. Trying it for a week before possibly checking into another option. So far, I am feeling optimistic."
"Yesterday was my first time when I took Maxalt-MLT to cure my migraine. My doctor prescribed this drug six months ago but all those months I had no incidence of a migraine. Yesterday was again after my weight lifting workout. I only get migraines after a workout the last years. I always get aura for about 20 minutes before a headache begin. That is good the doctor said because I can take Maxalt faster before the pain begins. My first impression is that the aura lasted about 15 minutes and the pain was bearable in a scale of ten I would say 6.5 compared to other times that reaches 9 -10. The first 10 minutes, I was feeling a little bit weird and little dizzy. After 90 minutes the migraine got away,  I think it needs about 90 minutes to act"
"I&#039;m no stranger to the dental chair.  I have over $30,000 invested in my teeth.  After Peridontal surgery I began every 4 month deep cleanings.  Due to root surfaces I had full mouth Novacaine every cleaning.  I tried Oraqix, with great trepidation, 6 months ago.  I just had my second cleaning with Oraqix.  It is a MIRACLE.  No pain whatsoever and no numbness to wear off.  I would NOT have believed this possible without trying it. "
"I had a bad experience with this. I was pretty healthy prior to using this birth control. I even stopped smoking cigarettes because I knew it would make everything worse.
I started taking Microgestin two weeks ago and have become very ill. My side effects were high blood pressure, chest pain, shortness of breath, blurred vision, water retention, swelling fingers, dizziness, racing heart, feeling very tired and depressed. It had a few benefits: clearing up my face and regulating my period but the side effects were too many to handle. I know it works different for everyone but i wanted you guys to know that these risks are possible especially if you smoke or used to smoke. I am going to get switched to a different birth control. Best of Luck!"
"I started a month ago and lost 7 pounds.  I did cheat a lot when I first started.  But,  once I started the 4 pills a day I started to lose weight.  I can&#039;t wait to see what the next month will bring.  I was on topamax before and lost weight a lot faster but I had horrible side effects.  I have had none on this with the contrava."
"I still have minor anxiety and depression...but wow my life got changed"
"I started Belviq about 9 days ago. I found a savings card online on the belviq website that will save me approximately $140 each time I fill my prescription. I have experienced a significant mood lift (i can see why it&#039;s a controlled substance), subtle doziness, and better sleep. Sometimes I forget to eat because I just don&#039;t feel hungry. I feel the effects of not having eaten though, I feel tired, sluggish and my stomach hurts a little from being empty, but the terrible &quot;hunger&quot; feeling is completely missing. It&#039;s strange,  but extremely helpful. Overall I have lost 6 lbs in the last 9 days since I started Belviq, and it surely is helping with my appetite. I am very thankful. Belviq does exactly what it&#039;s supposed to."
"I was in a bad motorcycle wreck June 20 2013, broke 6 ribs, shattered clavicle, fractured pelvic, and lots of crush injures, they tried Percocet alone would not stop the pain many months of suffering with no sleep, till they give me the Fentanyl 100 mcg patches. I was finally able to get relief and sleep. This is a great medication and life saving for me the crush injures alone was a living hell and no sleep for months on top that is enough to drive anyone insane, this medications is safe if taken right and has keep me for losing my mind and has giving me a better quality of life, it just a shame I had to suffer all those months without it."
"I&#039;ve been on Aviane for 3 months now, and I must say I have absolutely &#039;No&#039; complaints, no weight gain, no mood swings, no dryness, and on the positive side, my moderate acne flares have greatly reduced, my face is less oily, and I have just about 2 new breakouts when on the placebo pills, unlike having a full blown breakout during my periods, I am very happy with this pill."
"Great results with the drug, had long period with no sex and after the pill 3 times on the first night with no disfunction. The only side effect was a cracking headache for about 4 hours the next day. Worth it though."
"it does eventually work, but immediately after using it, it causes intense sneezing fits.  also, it causes the most unpleasant post-nasal drip--and try as i may (holding head down, sniffing less intensely), there doesn&#039;t seem there is any way to prevent this..."
"I wish this was around back when I was in high school!  I have struggled with acne for my whole teen/adult life.  I have taken Yaz on and off for 8 years now, and my skin never looks better than when I&#039;m on Yaz.  The doc took me off last year because I was getting headaches and she was concerned the estrogen in the Pill was causing it, but after a year on the mini pill with the same frequency of headaches and the added terribleness of deep cystic acne, I am happily back on Yaz and already seeing an improvement in my skin.  Only complaint (mainly from my husband) is a slightly lowered sex drive."
"So I got the nexplanon inserted April 2016. It&#039;s May 2017...so a little more than a year. Over the first 6 months I was really happy about it. I didn&#039;t have a period, no worries about getting pregnant. it all seemed really good. These past 6 months however I have been bleeding off and on every two weeks. Sometimes I would even cramp like a on a regular period. I have noticed mood changes but didn&#039;t think anything of it until I felt like I couldn&#039;t get out of this state of sadness. Now I&#039;m starting to think it&#039;s the nexplanon because there&#039;s no reason for me to feel this way. Also my sex drive feels down which is really unfortunate for my partner and I. It just depends on the person but this is starting to make me reconsider switching."
"Panic attacks and anxiety run in my family, and this helped me big time. I was scared to take any medicines after having a bad experience with another anxiety medication, but I took it finally and day three of my panic attack/no sleep was over! I could eat again and finally crack a smile. It did make me sleepy, and it felt a tad funny to walk. I only took them before bed to sleep unless I really needed it. It restored my confidence that I could be happy again and made me feel comfy just knowing I had them on me. I am off of them for now and on a different anxiety pill, because my doc didn&#039;t want me to become dependent on them. I do keep one or two in my purse for emergencies."
"I&#039;ve had nexplanon for 6 months. I have gained 10 lbs which is what I didn&#039;t want to happen especially right after having a baby! I have been having anxiety attacks out of nowhere. The spot where it&#039;s located in my arm hurts from time to time. I have been spotting for a constant 3 weeks. I may end up getting it removed before the 3 years."
"Never improved symptoms...."
"I&#039;ve been on and off birth control for about 15 years, stopping to have my two kids, and I recently tried this one because I liked the idea of only 1 period every 3 months or so. Ha! 

First off, I&#039;ve been spotting throughout. I&#039;m on week 7, and I&#039;m sick to the point that it&#039;s debilitating. Anxiety attacks, heart palpitations, constant nausea, diarrhea, stomach cramps, tremors, the whole shebang of misery. I was blaming it on a stomach bug my kids had, and I think I had that for a couple of days, but now it&#039;s been weeks, and I&#039;m worse, definitely not better. 

I&#039;m switching back to my last birth control that never made me feel this way (Blisovi). I&#039;ve been on at least 6 different pills over the years, and this is absolute misery."
"I&#039;ve had my second infusion.  I&#039;m already feeling a lot better.  I have more stamina and I&#039;ve already stopped using my cane unless I&#039;m going to be walking more than 15 minutes."
"I have been using this for almost a year now for peripheral neuropathy pain. This along with Lyrica and Pamalor have finally made it possible to live with somewhat normal levels of pain. Don&#039;t want to be without it."
" Had a sort of nervous breakdown during a trip.  Could not catch my breath and could not sleep for 4 days.  Horrible feeling of anxiety.  Dreaded the night. Started 1mg Ativan at night only.  Was a God-send.  Worked like a charm and gave me my life back.  I went to therapy and continued the nightly 1 mg for 3 months.  Became dependent as everyone does.  I then &quot;pill chopped&quot; my way off from 1mg to less than 1/2 mg over the next 3 months.  After 6 months I was off completely.  Feel good and glad to be pill free for 5 weeks now.  Properly used  - this medicine can be a lifesaver.  I still have them for peace of mind but find now I can live without it."
"I stated taking Saxenda Sept 3rd, I have lost 22 lbs as of Nov 3rd. Not only did this amazing medicine work, but I noticed it also increased my Libido more than ever. So far I have had none of the side effects that we might endure. "
"Zoloft was great for controlling my depression, anxiety and obsessive thinking. The side effects were not terrible, all but one of them went away in about a month. The ones that only lasted through the first month were: feeling tired and drained as well as an occasional but mild headache, however, the only long lasting side effect was decreased sex drive, which unfortunately never subsided for me, (the drive is still there, it just isn&#039;t as intense) This is a great medicine for depression, anxiety and obsessive thoughts, if you haven&#039;t tried it, please do."
"I became a bit suicidal on this drug. I&#039;m an upbeat person and couldn&#039;t understand why I felt so low. I had been given the drug without packaging and side effects. I would urge caution in taking this drug"
"This medicine gave me the worst heartburn.  I have never had heartburn before and this hurts!  My whole chest is burning and gurgling and doing all sorts of crazy things.  "
"With moderate to severe fibromyalgia for 12 years I lost my career and lived in fear of having a life to avoid a flare-up.  I have tried every antidepressant, serotonin uptake inhibitor, pain medicine, anti-inflammatory.... you all know, with major side effects that only contributed to fibromyalgia symptoms.  March 2014 I got a cold and used Mucinex for the first time and could not believe the relief.  I have prayed for someone to invent a NEW MEDICINE for fibromyalgia that would work and it turned out this OLD MEDICINE has returned my life to me.  Thank God for Mucinex!"
"Was involved in a clinical trial for Aldara 3.75% three years ago. Documented 51 Actinic Keratosis lesions on face and forehead. Two treatments, six weeks in between. Severe reaction occurred on first round, including flu-like symptoms.  Also had less reaction on second treatment.  Follow-up exam found NO Actinic Keratosis sites.   One year follow up documented NO recurrence!  I&#039;m a fan!  This is a miracle cure!"
"I got Lilletta in March (8 months ago) for just $30 at my local health dept. The insertion was very painful and I did have cramping for a few days afterward. My periods were pretty normal the first few months, and now I haven&#039;t even had a period for the past two months (which is great!) Besides the insertion pain, I am really liking Lilletta. It does its job. I have never had children, so I&#039;m guessing that may be why the insertion pain was so bad. I will probably get it out before the 3 years are over, because I am newly married and wanting to get pregnant sometime next year."
"I had a colonoscopy this morning and it was a wonderful experience.  I went to a blissful sleep almost immediately, and awoke after the procedure with no pain or discomfort whatsoever. "
"For the past month I have been taking trazodone 25mg for my chronic insomnia. It has simply saved me. Before if I could get about 3 hours of sleep I would be happy. Since I have been taking trazodone I sleep about 6 hours every night and I&#039;m able to function normally during the day. Before I was completely exhausted all the time and I would be scared of the thought of going to bed. Now this insomnia anxiety has completely gone away. The only negative thing is I do tend to have big mood swings. But I&#039;m not sure whether it has anything to do with the medicine itself or simply my life situation. Overall - it cured my insomnia but not my depression."
"I have arthritis and I am waiting for a hip replacement. The cartilage has gone in my hip. I am walking on bone on bone with terrible pain.  I take 4 - 8 tablets a day depending on the severity of the pain. Ultracet controls the pain perfectly and I can walk almost normally. I have been on the medication for about 4 months now with no side effects. It&#039;s brilliant and I would recommend Ultracet for pain relief. It is the only painkiller that works for me."
"Tri-Sprintec works GREAT when used correctly of course and definitely helps to fight acne. However I have been on this medicine for 4 months and have gained 9 pounds (from 127lbs- 136lbs). While I enjoy this weight gain (for now) Its hard to recommend this to anyone else since everyone&#039;s body is different. But it works for me."
"I have been dealing with severe anxiety and depression for 16 years and it keeps getting worse and worse. I have no drive or ambition, lost my girl friend and job came to an end. It finally made me realize that I have to do something about this problem. I have been totally against medicines and have always disregarded mental illness but I now think it is mental illness that has put me in this terrible place. I have started taking Celexa 10 (20mg) days ago and am so excited to see the results. I have not noticed much response yet but I am generally less negative and have more excitement for things that I once loved."
"After taking Effexor for years, my doc switched me to Cymbalta. That was 3 years ago no effect for pain management."
"I have been on Pristiq for about 3 months.  I had insane anxiety and depression as well as insomnia that got so bad I ended up in the ER. I don&#039;t care if I ever come off of Pristiq because it works. I am normal again. I sleep, and for about 2 months I almost forgot what it was like to feel so anxious I could hardly function at work or life. I hesitated to start this medicine because my psychiatrist told me absolutely no drinking. I do have a few drinks on weekends and have no side effects from it. "
"I have been on this birth control for almost three months. Overall I really like it; it makes me feel the most normal. During the first two months, I got the absolute worst night sweats I&#039;ve ever had in my life. I do not sweat often at all, but I was waking up dripping in sweat. I also have been getting painful stomach cramps every morning, but they don&#039;t last more that a few minutes. Overall, this is the least problematic pill I&#039;ve taken."
"I was using Mucinex DM and just wasn&#039;t doing the trick for me.  I wasn&#039;t sleeping at night.  So got this and I am slowing getting back to sleeping without being interrupted with coughing."
"I have been on this patch since February. I LOVE it! My periods start the friday night/ early saturday morning of the week I am off my patch ( I change them on Mondays) and I am off by Tuesday night. My periods use to be extremely heavy and very painful but since starting the patch have been great! The weekend before I take it off for the week I am more irritable and bitchy but not horrible. I have started noticing though in the last 2- 3 months that on the weeks I am off the patch by Wednesday I am starting to get really depressed and not feeling like myself, and this is lasting until Monday when I put the patch back on."
"This medication works better on certain medical conditions, particularly spine pain of any kind, and moderate acute joint pain, and acute muscle pains. It is an opioid, though working differently from the other opiates,  and will act as one - in that you may get withdrawal symptoms if using it for a long time. Likewise if you start using it at higher doses (like 2 tabs) you will experience the nausea that comes with opiate use. Better to start it at a low dose of half to 1 whole pill, and work up if needed. Only take this pill at the minimum dose you require for the least amount of time necessary, unless your doctor tells you otherwise."
"It was 3am and I had an itch that wouldn&#039;t go away so I tried this. It tingled a little in the beginning but the itch seems to be gone."
"I&#039;ve been on this for two months and its okay. I think its probably the best form of hormonal birth control just because it has a lot lower levels than other hormonal birth control options. It&#039;s nice not having to take a pill every day, but sex with this is uncomfortable for me so I have to take it out every time. Noticeable side effects: much more weepy, I cry over the most ridiculous things, breasts got bigger (one good thing), much much more prone to acne, so I have to watch what I eat, my sex drive has officially died. I used to be crazy for my boyfriend, now I don&#039;t want to bother. I&#039;ll be getting off this and going back to condoms if I don&#039;t get a sex drive soon."
"Worked great on the pain. But my AST levels went through the roof. I am now unable to take them. Awaiting MVD surgery that can&#039;t come soon enough. Please ensure your doctor gives you regular blood tests. Mine did not hence my liver problems."
"On week 7, I felt totally hormonal, agitated, emotional, sensitive &amp; angry. My cholesterol is high, my AC1 is at 6.2
Week 8, 
Called Dr., she bumped me up to 2 mg. will wait &amp; see how this feels. 
Will update in several weeks."
"It&#039;s marvellous! With one dose cystitis is gone!! Only problem I can&#039;t find it in UK I buy mine in Italy, where I&#039;m from."
"I have been addicted to opiates for over a year now and Suboxone has been a miracle! I have my life back."
"I&#039;ve been on it for a couple months. My cycle came 2 weeks early and hasn&#039;t stopped. I&#039;ve been bleeding consistently for about 3 weeks. I&#039;ve had a few pimples which is unusual for me. My appetite has stayed pretty consistent, I haven&#039;t had access to a scale for a month or more, so I&#039;m not sure if I gained weight, but my clothes fit the same and I work out regular, so I don&#039;t think I have. If so I don&#039;t notice.  If my boyfriend was squeamish about blood I would be hating life right now. I&#039;ve used the nuva ring awhile back, I didn&#039;t have any bleeding/spotting issues, but it made me crazy. I would cry for hours for no reason. I have felt mentally ok so far on Lyza, but I&#039;m not sure how long I can take the seemingly eternal cycle."
"I have used Detrol for two months and it fixed the problem but it gave me headaches everyday.  I am switching to Vesicare to see if it works for me."
"The pain went away when having a BM but after six weeks of rushing to, the bathroom and not making it in time I had to quit it.  Can&#039;t go thru that every morning."
"I am a mom to two sweet, high energy toddlers that challenge me every minute of the day. I did start feeling on the edge and extremely stressed with my older son. Now I have been on Lexapro for almost two months and so far I like it- feel more patient and calmer, but not a Zombie. I was very scared to gain more weight on top of my remaining pregnancy weight, but actually I started losing weight since my appetite decreased. I hope it continues. I am on 10mg. The side effect- super low libido and possibly feeling a bit more tired. If that&#039;s all I am going to experience, I will stick to it for for another 5-6 months. Overall it is way better than Celexa or Zoloft for me. Good luck!"
"So basically the same as everyone else . I took it for my first time a few years ago and tried it for a few months but my bleeding would go on for almost the whole month. 
So I stopped

I started again in October and my period was late 19 or 20 days so I thought this time would be different. Ended up bleeding for a few weeks? Stopped December 31 or 1st then started again on January 7th and it isn&#039;t just spotting . I don&#039;t know why I decided to take it again. It was definitely a terrible decision. I&#039;m not sure why I let my doctor talk me in to it.

I&#039;m only giving it 2 stars because at least it&#039;s worked at not getting me pregnant.

 Definitely not getting my next shot."
"This medication really helped my anxiety and depression. I felt so much better--but it came with a cost.
This medication gave me severe Hypoglycemia. 
I am not diabetic thankfully but on this medication it made my blood sugar drop severely low where I would almost pass out at work (and I work in a factory). So I&#039;m sure you can imagine how awful I felt. It&#039;s a catch 22.
I felt better with my anxiety but then I got severe blood sugar drops. 
So I&#039;m off it now and have to start all over again on a new medication. 
If this medicine works for you then great, I envy you. 
This made me so sick I couldn&#039;t stand it. 
So if you take this medication and start getting severely low blood sugar (you&#039;ll know trust me) stop taking it!"
"For the first 3-4 days of use my face was so sore and skin was so dry.I have very sensitive skin anyway due to illness but really felt as tho i could have happily quite the treatment didn&#039;t matter how much moisturiser i put on it felt like if i smiled my face would crack.I carried on with the treatment every other day instead of the recommended every day till i felt i can tolerate it everyday.Nearly a month after starting the treatment and i feel it&#039;s the best thing i ever did to persevere through the first few weeks.My face is clear still a bit dry but nothing a good moisturiser helps"
"Very pleased with Trulance. Have been dealing with crazy symptoms from other treatments, I asked my doctor and he told me about this. Works great and I have not had any side effects."
"I am here to talk about the pain. My experience was very traumatizing for me but that has everything to do with personal issues and some past experiences and nothing to do with the procedure. The beginning of the visit was like a normal pelvic exam visit. Little discomfort when I was being cleaned and prepped, the insertion of the device was the worst pain, feeling more like a strong contraction that just a period cramp. I am 26 and have one child. My Dr has told me that naturally I am very small and tight (I tore when I gave birth to my son) so that was a contributing factor in the pain. I look at it like getting a tattoo or piercing; 10 minutes (not even) worth of pain for 3 years of knowing you are safe. It was worth it to me."
"Started taking Citalopram 8 months ago for severe depression. First couple of weeks a bit scary but soon started to feel better. 8 months down the line I&#039;m feeling better than I have felt for years! Lost weight, because I&#039;m eating a lot healthier, therefore, I have more confidence now, which surely must be a help with depression. Sleeping better too. Still have the occasional bad day (but everyone does at some time or other) but no more dark thoughts. Yes, Citalopram works for me. So find a treatment that suits you and you will recover. Good luck."
"This medicine helped with constipation but gave me pretty major emotional issues. I was very moody and depressed. It also made me pretty tired. I wasn&#039;t able to sleep. I think it gave me aches in my joints as well. I would say stay far away!!! It&#039;s not worth it! I&#039;d rather just take regular laxatives. At least those don&#039;t make me want to kill myself."
"This stuff is SO gross! I&#039;ve managed to drink down 1/2 the Gallon so far, and NO bowel movement. It tastes so hideous I feel like i might puke. Not sure how I can keep drinking this."
"3 days to go on a 12 week treatment plan. Undetectable after 4th week  Unbelievable.  No side affects whatsoever."
"After being on this for 18mo I am happy to try something new. Where to start? All seemed fine then it started to snowball. Mood swings (crying over commercials!),   NO sex drive, break through bleeding that lasted longer than actual periods (3 days period, &amp; 2 wks break through) &amp; increased headaches.  "
"I have started to take this drug on January 18, 2017. Today is February 11 and I have lost 10 pounds. I am 5&#039;5, 235lbs Down to 225lbs. I am at 1.8 dosage and have nausea, diarrhea, no appetite,  cramping,fatigue, and newly developed belches that taste like rotten eggs! I might need to back down to 1.2. I have been moving slow with the dose increases as well. Losing weight though but these side effects......we will see!"
"I have been an allergy sufferer for a long time.
When I started taking ALLEGRA 24 hrs. it worked just fine.
But, the problem is that this medication works as intended it work for 24 hrs. straight and it keep you awake for 24 hrs. Too.

So, if I take a pill of ALLEGRA, at night it keeps me awake.
In other words, I stay awake for most of the night and get not sleep at all.
This is the reason why I don&rsquo;t recommend ALLEGRA because it will keep awake and get no sleep at all. 
I need to find other way to fight my allergies."
"It works great at first then you have to keep increasing the amount every two weeks. By about a week into each increase I feel like its not working and I feel mania coming on. I always know because I start biting my fingernail. I&#039;m about two months into and really think I should find something stronger. Or combine it with something else. You are not supposed to drink alcohol but that is he only way I have found to even out it not being strong enough for me. I you are taking it, and it is working for you, that is great!"
"My experience so far with embrel has been just brilliant! This is comming from someone who at one point had to get lifted out the bath, have someone wash my hair, get me dressed, put my shoes on. I currently taking the 50mg pre filled pen, just about to take my third dose today. The effects so far have been excellent and I have seen a huge improvement in the quality of my life! After 2 weeks of taking embrel I have no stiffness on a morning, I can go a full day without taking ANY pain killers (prior to this I had to take 2, 30mg codeine 4 times a day, followed by 2 500mg naproxen twice a day - just to function!!!) I have seen a big improvement in my hips (stiffness/pain) and the swelling in both of my knees has almost gone!!"
"I&#039;ve been on pain meds for about 8 years. I have Disintegrating discs in my neck, bulging discs in my lower back, fibromyalgia, ovarian cysts, and I had major neck surgery last year. I&#039;ve been on every pain med available and got up to 80mg OxyContin after my surgery. I was still hurting and even had DNA analysis which shows my body burns through meds at a much higher rate than most people. I started 600 Belbuca and I&#039;m weaning off dilaudid which is what I had to switch to after oxy no longer helped me and next month I&#039;ll move up to 750 and be completely off dilaudid. I&#039;m baffled at all the bad reviews. I&#039;ve tried everything and for the 1st time in years I don&#039;t hurt and feel clear headed. The pack is hard to open but it&#039;s not a big deal."
"Idk what everyone in here is talking about. I got chlamydia from having unprotected sex, and then no symptoms for about a month, then they started. So went to the doctor, got the pills (2 500mg), and took them with a fairly large meal. I took them at 2 pm yesterday, went all day fine. Today it it now 2pm, and haven&#039;t had any cramps or any bad effects. Only thing that was weird was I took the biggest shit of my life, but it wasn&#039;t diareaha like everyone said. So I&#039;m happy."
"I recently sought help from a psychiatrist and he prescribed me starter doses of Lamictal. He also gave me samples of Latuda for if I began to notice myself experiencing an episode. I noticed that I began to have a quick decline in to depression after a hypomanic state and reluctantly began to take the Latuda. It is AMAZING. After only 5 days of use, I already feel so much better.  Today  I just noticed that I am not depressed anymore, as I was a few days ago. I am able to take better care of my body (eating better, exercise) because I already am feeling so much better. I get very sleepy and some akathisia, I just take it at night to avoid those side effects."
"Chantix worked for me! I tried to quit many times using the patch and the cravings were always still too intense to continue not smoking for more than 48 hours. I smoked on Chantix slightly longer than the recommended week, but towards the end of that time, I was finding it difficult to finish a whole cigarette. It just wasn&#039;t desirable to me anymore. The first day not smoking on Chantix was still a bit challenging, but not unbearable. I had promised myself that if I made it 24 hours without a cigarette, I would never smoke again. After the first day, each following day was easier and easier. The only side effects I experienced were vivid dreams. I kind of liked it though. I am coming up on 4 years since my last cigarette this March."
"I had to stop taking it because of all the side effects. I had severe stomach pain. "
"I first got Implanon in July of 2011 and a month later I had my period for about a week, maybe a little longer which was strange for me because it usually only lasts a few days. It was very light though. I did get some acne due to the Implanon but after a couple of weeks it went away. I also still get the mood swings, but that could just be me..Now its been 2 months and I was scared because I haven&#039;t had my period at all but with reading other reviews I guess its normal. I absolutely love Implanon and I recommend it to any girl who is thinking about it!"
"I have been using Lo Loestrin Fe for 1 month now and I&#039;ve had my period three times this month, breaking out like crazy, and have so many mood swings with depression. On my period i have medium-high cramps, back pains, and my breasts are sore. All the time!  I haven&#039;t really gained any weight which is good, but I&#039;m going to keep using it and see if it gets better."
"I am 49 and been suffering with fibromyalgia for years. I have been disabled because of it. Six weeks ago I had the worst flare up in years and the pain was so overwhelming I barely left the house. I got a new doctor who gave me Gabapentin and started me out on the lowest dose possible. I had never heard of it but assumed because of the low dose, 100 mg to start with it would take a while to feel any effects. I woke up the next morning almost pain free. I felt like I won the lottery. I don&#039;t understand what or why it worked so fast but I thank God for it. I do have drowsiness but it&#039;s well worth it. I have had some pain some then and am still building up my dosage but my quality of life has improved drastically in just a few days."
"I&#039;ve been on lolo for 8 months now. It&#039;s finally time I give my review. The first 3 months I had very light periods then after I just didn&#039;t have any periods. As we speak my breasts started to be tender. This is the first time in 8 months. Also I get yeast infection like every month. I am super dry down there even with foreplay. My sex drive is gone through the window. I do not have anymore mood swings so that&#039;s a plus. I&#039;m taking an appointment to change my bc. I tried jasmin, alesse, IUD copper, marvelon, the patch. So yeah I&#039;ve been around and tried them all. Maybe it just wasn&#039;t for me."
"I&#039;ve had the Implanon for 6 months now - light periods and occasional cramps - but aside from that no bad side effects! I&#039;ve even lost weight (only half a stone) so I guess it affects everyone differently! The first month was quite horrible as I was bleeding all the time! But afterwards it was all fine."
"Used this for bladder infection, works great no side effects, cleared up in 7 days."
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy around 7th grade, and pretty much sleep through middle school. I took Ritalin about up to 10th grade which moderately helped me stay awake, but I still would always crash multiple times a day due to the fact that it doesn&#039;t completely eliminate excessive sleepiness and trying to perfect your taking-schedule really is crucial with any narcolepsy prescribed medication. When my neurologist started me on Provigil, I was pretty shocked by the lack of side-effects it had, and it was a somewhat natural awake feeling as others have mentioned. I went from taking 2 (200 mg) pills a day to taking 2-3 (200 mg) pills a day depending on my schedule, exercise, or exam studying. "
"I used to have really heavy periods and Sprintec has really lightened my period. It has also taken away the cramps, bloating and diarrhea that my period used to cause. My back pain has gotten worse though and I have started to get cravings. All in all it is great at lightening my flow and making it to where I don&#039;t have any &quot;surprises.&quot; It&#039;s the first pill I&#039;ve tried and I don&#039;t plan on switching."
"I wanna start by saying I have battled w acne for years &amp; tried basically everything money could buy - pills to creams, going to specialists doctors, derms, beauty bars, etc. I went off the pill at 27 &amp; thought my acne was done but had the worst flare up ever. Tried spironolactone which helped a tiny bit w oil but it was still so bad. Cysts under the skin, blackheads, acne on my back or chest, it was so embarrassing. 

 I am going on my third month of accutane &amp; it&#039;s been a miracle I feel like I could cry. My skin clear/smooth &amp; people tell me I&#039;m glowing. I still have scars all over that will need to heal &amp; my skin can get hella dry--well everything gets dry bc you are super dehydrated but it is DEF WORTH IT."
"I give Trinessa a rating of 3 only because it was effective as birth control, but the side effects were not worth it. My skin broke out badly the very first day I was on Trinessa. I had inflamed, painful blemishes on my chin always in the same areas until I started taking the placebo pill, then it gradually got better.  I was also super emotional the entire time I took it; I even missed a day of work because I couldn&#039;t stop sobbing. Had similar experience switching from Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo to TriSprintec, only side effects were even more severe, so I only took it one week.  For me, definitely worth paying $60 more a month."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 3m, then off for a month waiting on refills and back on. I get severe migraines and stomach pain on it. My energy is basically a no go and I&#039;m just very disappointed that it&#039;s caused more bad for me then good. Definitely getting it changed soon."
"Viberzi has changed my life.I take it for IBS and I am very grateful for this medicine. I have been on it about 6 months now. I was the first person my Gastro doctor perscribed it to. If I forget to take a dose I will know because my symptoms come right back and I take my pill and I&#039;m fine again. I do not forget to take it very often. 
My insurance does not cover the medicine but I have  a discount card and I only pay $30 a month co pay. The original price is way to high. It is over one thousand dollars. I could never afford that monthly."
"I was prescribed this pill by my gynecologist, and it&#039;s free with my insurance. Prior to taking it, I had visited this website and read the reviews on it, and I was TERRIFIED. I was so nervous to start the pill, but I knew that everyone&#039;s body is different so I just had to try it, and EVERYTHING IS FINE. I only had the mild side effects that are generally anticipated on any brand- slight nausea for the first few days and some discharge for a little more than the first week, and currently breast tenderness. I just finished the second week of my pack, so I can&#039;t say that I know I&#039;m adjusted yet, but for anyone who is nervous like I was- don&#039;t be afraid to try it, you can always change it!"
"I have taken Abilify for around 5-6 years. I initially was prescribed it at the age of 15 which is way too early in my opinion. However its had relatively few side effects, and has by and large helped me from my tendency to veare towards psychosis or extreme mood swings. Don&#039;t try and get off this drug on your own, it can have horrible consequences. I&#039;m not totally sure what was the Abilify withdrawal and what was my illness, but I had some very extreme mania, that may have been a side effect of withdrawal. Overall Abilify is a very serious drug, don&#039;t take it lightly, and I wouldn&#039;t recommend it for depression. But it has helped me tremendously, and I don&#039;t have much else to say that is negative about it."
"I&#039;ve had anxiety my entire life, specifically with social interactions, and in the past year or two have experienced severe panic attacks. The anxiety and panic are linked to my depression, which altogether led to me being hospitalized. When I was there, they prescribed lexapro for my depression and hydroxyzine for my anxiety. The hydroxyzine meds took me out like a light, I could not stay awake to save my life. And when I was awake, I was completely out of it. After a few months of using it and getting used to it these side effects stopped, however it was hell waiting for them to stop. I would not recommend to anyone working, as I was at the time, but if you&#039;re willing to wait out the period of absent-mindedness, it can help calm you down."
"I am doing great with this medicine. I have never had any side effects during the 7 months I have been taking this medication. My viral load went from 248,000,000 to only 160. My ALT levels are normal, and hopefully with enough time, Tenofovir can get rid of the virus. However, I am not sure if there is something else going on, such as calcium loss or any unnoticeable side effect.

In conclusion, Viread is a very effective treatment for Chronic HBV with almost no side effects."
"Ibuprofen is wonderful for period pain, takes an hour to work and I take 2 x 200mg tablets every 8 hours.  Have been taking ibuprofen for a few years now and it&#039;s always done the job so far, until this week that is. I was admitted to hospital with an immune system that almost shut down because of a reaction to ibuprofen.  I consider myself very lucky that I did a routine blood test and found out this information, was told to stop taking the medicine immediately.  Please be careful even if you&#039;ve taken this medicine on a number of other occasions as I have done."
"I was super nervous for my Mirena insertion and for no reason! The process from start to finish was about 2 minutes and I had zero pain. The most significant discomfort was the speculum which was mild. I highly recommend Mirena to anyone looking for long-term, low maintenance birth control."
"I have degenerative disc disease and had spinal fusion and stenosis surgery in my lower back. For years I have been on Norco 7.5mg/325 (1 pill 4x a day as needed.) and for the most part that took care of my pain. Roughly the past year my dr decided to reduce the Norco by half and added MS Contin. 15mg 1 pill twice a  day. It didn&#039;t help much. For me it takes the MS Contin three hours for me to notice any difference and it only helps for about six hours leaving three hours before I can take another. He upped it to 30mg in the morning and 15mg at night. Still not seeing anything different. This Friday I am going to ask him if I can just go back on the Norco at my old regiment. It seemed to work better for me then these extended release meds."
"I took this pill for 3 weeks, then entered the placebo week.  It has caused MASSIVE hair loss for me.  There is nothing to be done but wait for it to leave my bloodstream.  I have long hair that is coming out in ropes and bunches.  I would never recommend this to a friend.  I am devistated with the results of the side effects."
"Ive been taking this medication for 5 days straight twice a day, today (the 5th day) I couldn&#039;t take the last pill, I&#039;ve been having nausea, fatigue, and a terrible headache for 5 days straight. I also had bright red eyes and I couldn&#039;t sleep because it all hurt so much, and my lower back is very sore, the uti had gone away so I figured not taking it would do more good than bad. Worst experience with a medication I&#039;ve had, it got the job done but the side effects are terrible especially when you&#039;re a straight A student needing to keep up with school."
"I was switched to ortho tri cyclen lo but the pharmacy gave me this birth control claiming it was the same thing, i have been on it for almost 2 weeks and I&#039;ve had all sorts of side effects. I&#039;ve had nausea and vomitting, blurry vision, trouble concentrating, itchiness, dryness, zero libido, recently i&#039;ve experience episodes of anxiety what i believe, high blood pression, high heart rate then drops to normal vital signs. It&#039;s just been an awful 2 weeks so far. I don&#039;t think i can handle continuing the pack."
"I have been battling diarrhea for over 10 years.  My GE doctor prescribed asacol, vsl#3, and xifaxan.  I took all in combination and had almost instant relief.  Then I stopped taking the prescribed drugs for 6 weeks and the symptoms started to return. I resumed taking vsl#3 and asacol with mediocre results.  I then added xifaxan and my bowel movements returned to normal. I wonder how long and how frequently I will have to take this drug before I am permanently cured of this condition."
"I was on this medication for about 14yrs.
I am multiply disabled, with PCOS &amp; Diabetes type 2, being the reasons why I was on this drug. 
Its an excellent drug, one that I was comfortable taking for many years, but recently was having issues with it. 
It started making my GERD get really bad. 
Also the smell of the pills themselves made me want to puke daily."
"a very good product. it works..shame that the company has jacked the price up so much that its no longer affordable...greed is a very bad thing"
"I have been on dilantin since I was about 17.  It has been working a lot better than the depekene I was taking before.  When I was pregnant and started to gain a lot of weight, My doctor had to increase the dose.  I am 31 now and my seizures are very well controled while on dilantin."
"I have recently been placed on Abilify 20mg for early onset schizophrenia.  Previously I was on Amisulpride which made me very tired and gave me problems with sexual dysfunction, Abilify has provided me with a symptom free solution."
"I been suffering from herniated disc, osteoarthritis, restless leg syndrome for about 5 years now, I took so many different medication but nothing helped. My husband who was recently diagnosed with MS of the spinal cord started taking Tramadol for pain. He told me that is very good medicine and was helping him with pain and his mobility. I told my doctor to prescribe it to me and he did. I take it twice a day and feel great. I am pain free and I have so much energy, I also have clear mind, I can concentrate better. I recommend this medicine to anyone who is suffering from pain. Try it and you will see what I mean."
"After being on this for 5 days, my urianry tract infection was *almost* gone. I had to ask for another prescription. During the time I was on it on I noticed shortness of breath, almost twice a day I tasted metal and noticed I had small nosebleeds. I also couldn&#039;t really go out in the sunlight, as it hurt my eyes a lot and my skin felt like it was burning."
"My Doctor put me on Spiriva a year ago for my COPD.  It has helped me to be able to breathe so much better. I used to be sick all the time and had bronchitis every 2 months that went by. Since Spiriva, I have not been sick but a few times. It is a blessing to me."
"I was prescribed Vicodin as a rescue med for migraine. I&#039;ve only used it 3 times but have had to cease using it because it makes me itchy all over my body. I don&#039;t get a rash, just very itch, it drives me nuts. 
I was taking 2 x 10/325 tablets (after taking 4 mg Zofran). It doesn&#039;t completely take away my migraine. I can still function. I need a little nap, then I can get up and work, drive car etc. It did wonders for my neck and back pain I am currently getting physio on, but it hasn&#039;t been a wonder rescue drug for migraine. I&#039;ve been given a different narcotic rescue med to try. Hopefully I won&#039;t need to use it. I am on Depakote as a preventative and use Cambia as an abortive. These both work well, especially if I take the Cambia early."
"I have a pretty tough stomach, but started to get this pain in my right side every time I breathe. Went to the doctor and they tested for chlamydia, how exciting. 18 and already having to explain to my boyfriend that he needs to get tested. Currently laying in bed in the fetal position sounding like I just ran a marathon by the way I&#039;m breathing. Talk about cramps. I took the 4 pink pills maybe an hour to an hour and a half ago tops. Gets the job done fast, but pretty excruciating. Took a zofran and some melatonin, so far so good. I guess this is just payback for my not so bright college ideas of &quot;it&#039;s okay he doesn&#039;t need a condom&quot;... Use protection..."
"I&#039;ve been taking orthocyclen for about 2-3 years now, and I pretty much gained like 20 pounds. I gained about 10 pounds the first time I took it. And I decided to get off of it for awhile, then I went back on it and gained 10 more pounds. I&#039;ve pretty much been eating the same since even before I got on birth control. I feel like that&#039;s the only problem I have... Gaining weight. I&#039;m currently 150 pounds now. Before I started taking birth control, I would NOT get my period every month, but since I started taking it, I&#039;ve been getting them every month. I&#039;m gonna stop taking these pills because my doctor recommended taking Lutera instead for a female my age (17)."
"Had unprotected sex right in the middle of my cycle.  Took this roughly 24 hours after having sex.   I felt pretty emotional for a few days afterwards.  Not sure if that was from the pill or the situation I put myself in.   Anyway, for about a week and a half I felt nauseous, had cramps, was very tired and had headaches.   I also started spotting about 2 weeks after taking it.   I thought I was starting my period.  However my actual period was delayed a couple days.  Very happy this product exists!  I will not put myself in the situation to have to use it again, however."
"I went to my gyno, she gave me a prescription for this. I took it at night around 11:45pm and went home, showered, and went to bed. SO I didn&#039;t feel any side effects cause I was sleeping. No nausea, no dizzy, no pain. This pill is Free with my insurance and refills on this for a full year. (some ppl say take two, so maybe in a week I will get another)"
"Awful pill! I started taking this pill three months ago as my previous pill was making me hypersensitive to the sun (Gedarel). I think I&#039;d rather live like a vampire than try and cope with the mood swings from this pill. My poor fianc&eacute; has even mentioned how bad my mood swings have been and it makes me feel awful being so up and down all the time. I am going to change it this week and hopefully be more successful with the next one. 
I am a very happy go lucky person and this pill is the worst I have ever been on. I have been on Micro 30, Dianette and Gedarel in the past 7 years and is one is by far the worst. 
My sister is on this one too and she is fine so just goes to show how individual it can be to react to certain pills."
"Has helped me in controling my pain level. Does not get rid of all the pain but makes it easier to live with."
"Very positive...been on it 40 mg now and I feel like a very different person, 38 yrs of major gray heavy depression has vanished. I now live in my day not to just get through it. "
"I was put on Ritalin when I was 6. I did not like it. I took myself off of it when I was 14. My grades plummeted, I developed depression, and then anxiety. I continued to become lethargic, and relied heavily on caffeine. I am now 25. I began to take Adderall recently due to severe trouble concentrating at work, thinking it may help me keep my job. Now that my body seems to be used to the medication I can hardly tell I&#039;m on it. I have noticed improved memory, focus, and concentration. I did have some very adverse side effects accidentally combining with caffeine. I&#039;ve found now that my body has adjusted I have no side effects and my concentration remains improved, and bonus, no depression. I do worry about cessation."
"When switching to a lower dose of birth control, my pharmacy switched me from Microgestin to Blisovi.  Within 24-48 hours after my first dose, I developed an itchy rash on my abdomen.  I went to the doctor who suspected it was an allergic reaction and prescribed a steroid cream.  The rash continued to spread and increase in severity, until I stopped the Blisovi."
"Been taking Dexilant for over a year. Have had diarrhea almost daily and have now began having joint pain and a general tiredness and ill feeling. Works great for reflux but seems to be having an adverse effect on my entire system."
"I have spent nearly 5 years on this birth control, taking it continuously, to help keep my endometriosis under control.  I have been on many different pills over the years, including very high doses of estrogen.  They would work for the first year, then I would get constant breakthrough bleeding.  I&#039;ve always had issues with acne, but this pill didn&#039;t make it any better or worse.  I have occasionally suffered from random cramps, usually due to shifting the time I took my pills during the time changes of the year.  I am vigilant about taking it the same time every day, have never had a pregnancy scare, and was hoping to continue with it indefinitely, however, my insurance provider had other plans.  I am hoping to go back on it again ASAP."
"After reading ONLY bad reviews I was so scared to get it. But what made me more scared, was thinking I was pregnant every time my period came even one day late. I now have unprotected sex almost every day with my boyfriend and I have had a normal (little lighter actually) period. Don&#039;t let the reviews scare you. It was worth being crabby for a couple months. "
"The best for a diabetic type 1. IT&#039;s better than a needles four times a day. Now.it&#039;s only once a day!!
I think it&#039;s worth every penny. I would pay even if my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it. I went to alot of Doctors to get it. Most said no,but I kept trying. IT was worth it!!! DON&#039;t get it if you LOVE needles!!"
"I didn&#039;t find one review to relate to my specific situation. I decided to have sex while my period was still on, it was on the days where your period is almost gone and you&#039;re just leaking  a bit. The condom broke. I panicked because I&#039;m fairly new to having sex. My Bf bought take action, I took it about 6-7 hours after the incident. I was worried b/c my period wasn&#039;t off so I knew I would have to wait exactly a month to see if it worked which was nerve wrecking. After i took the pill I bled for about 3 days, weeks after I was very bloated, had increased white discharge , and very dark brown spotting. Yesterday i got my period, exactly a month after taking the pill. Cramps were bad and my period is lighter. RELAX it works it just takes time"
"It works. I have lost 10 pounds so far. Starting week 4. I could have lost more if I could get my love of beer under control. First few days were tough, serious nausea in the morning after taking the pill, also felt very mild depressing and fatigue. Subsided in 2-3 days. Feel no side-effects now. I still have an appetite but not as much prior to starting Belviq. Breakfast: fruit. Lunch: small sandwich or salad (easily turn away from chips or sweets). Snack: Apple. Dinner: Salad or small meal. Staying under 1800 calories per day. I&#039;ve been keeping a food journal which has been eye-opening how many calories are in my daily intake. I feel like this will work for me but will be a long process."
"I have never actually taken Valtrex, but I took my first pill today. Swelling seems to have gone down, and the pain has gone down quite a bit. Hopefully by Monday, it will be completely gone if I continue to take Valtrex. "
"Make sure and take the shot on your thigh. It hurts less. Also, do not buy into the advice about icing the area or letting the shot sit out for a bit to warm up some. It hurts the same. I have been on Enbrel for five months. The big red spots do go down after a week on the first few shots and after a month you only get a mark for a day or two. My advice is to give yourself your shot on a Sunday and by the weekend you&#039;ll have no mark. I am in college and it is not that bad. I am on 50 mg which has not worked well and my doctor is going to increase my dosage. It helps some, but Celebrex is still my go-to for pain. Wash your hands a lot!"
"The first month I was on the patch, I bled for the entire month and was completely miserable! My second patch also fell off 10 minutes after I put it on so I had to use my third patch and then wear it for 8 days because I had to get my next prescription a week early. The next month, my period was lighter but I got it twice, both shorter than my usual 8 day cycle. This third month, I&#039;ve had unbelievable cramps that no medicine will relieve and incredible nausea. On the bright side, I&#039;m not pregnant, though I&#039;m not sexual active, and my acne has cleared up a lot. Not sure if it&#039;s worth it though."
"On for 9 weeks.  Started dose gradually as prescribed, 2 days I had constant diarrhea.  Immediately, my cravings were gone for SUGAR &amp; CHOCOLATE, but keep reading! At full dose (2am, 2pm), I had constipation, got better after taking Colace.  I felt fine all day &amp; night, but when the evening dose had worn off by the am I would wake up SHAKING &amp; HEART RACING. Felt better after next dose, but shaky all day. One day I almost passed out after normal exercise. Then Non-Stop Nausea set in so now I could not eat and felt like vomiting just from looking at food!  Drug made me ANXIOUS &amp; Jittery so I stopped it. Lost weight..20 pounds in 9 wks, mostly because of NAUSEA, but side effects were not worth the weight loss."
"I was diagnosed last April 2014 I believe I was infected June 2013 that was the only time I experienced a really bad cold with night sweats, high temperture, chills. I thought it was just a cold. I was together with my partner for 10 years and he never disclosed that he knew. I kept on seeing billboards regarding HIV and it felt as if they were in every corner. I got tested and it came out positive in April 2014 I was freaked out. Cd4 at 450, I decided to take atripla yesterday 4/7/15 because I felt I needed for my own health I was freaked out and still am. No side affects other than drowsy at night and a bit of insomnia. Let&#039;s see how this works for my body. I pray I look normal. "
"LOVE IT, my first day and I already feel better. I have tried every antidepressent out there, side effects were never a problem, they just didn&#039;t seem to help with the depression and when they did stop me from crying they stopped any type of feelings I was a zombie, and none of them helped with the motivation. Not to sure how Viibryd will do in that area but I have my hopes up. I hope it keeps working and I can afford it. For the first time in years I feel better."
"I have been taking 30 mg of Temazepam nightly for about 3 months.  This is the 2nd time that I have taken it.  I took it for about 2 years and it eventually quit working so I tried both Ambien and Trazodone.  Ambien was all right until it quit working after about 4 months.  I couldn&#039;t take Trazodone at all because it made me very dizzy and caused me to have horrible nightmares so I am back on Temazepam.  So far, it has been working well but this time I have been taking it with 10 mg nightly of Melatonin.  I started with 3 mg of Melatonin and have gradually increased it to 10 mg nightly.  The combination of Temazepam and Melatonin seems to be working very well for me.  I go to sleep fairly quickly and stay asleep with no bad dreams."
"With this product I experience breast tenderness, drowsiness, headaches, and for the first month I was constantly nauseous. It has prevented pregnancy thus far though."
"I am a 15 year old boy and am on my high school&#039;s swim team. After a few months of not really working out, after a few weeks of intense training severely agitated my shoulders and any time I moved my arms I was struck with really severe pain. I was put on this medicine immediately, and it was an absolute miracle. It was like a pain eraser. With taking this medicine, I went to PT for about 10 months, and am now off of it. I think this made my experience a lot easier and highly recommend this to anyone with severe pain."
"I read the Accutane horror stories, so I turned down my dermatologists suggestion of it. After 4 more years (25 now), the cystic acne has just been getting worse and worse. It was seriously impacting my life. I just finished a month ago doing a 5 month 60mg/day treatment and my skin is flawless. I cannot believe it. I actually have better skin than people who I once thought had beautiful perfect skin. I experienced some joint pain the first month and dry lips the entire time, but I started seeing reductions in acne by month 2 and had no new cysts by month 4. There are still a few that are healing (yes, I would get some cysts that take 6-8 months to heal). I would highly recommend this. I have so much of my life back not worrying about skin."
"I took Levora for the first time when I was 21 and the first day I felt really bad. I felt nauseated all day, I wanted to quit there then but I am honestly glad I did not. It was great after that, I did not experience any weight gain or acne issues. "
"After I take the first dose (2 pills) within 8 to 10 hours I feel 50% better.  It usually does not take more then 4 days to be well.  This is a great medication for sinusitis."
"Was on it for three months and I loved it! I never once spotted, sex drive increased, didn&#039;t gain any weight at least not that I&#039;m aware of and I didnt breakout more than usual."
"First I had partial seizures (after head injury in 2004) and after grand mal 2014 I almost died because of status epilepticus. After that I am on Keppra 1000mg a day (500mg morning, 500mg evening) for 2 years now. First month or two I had headache and double vision, sometimes I was a bit aggressive 
but after few months it was ok. For me it is good medicine, now i have 10 petit mals a year and I think that bad-heavy weather changes is causing them. 
I want to tell you, that after first or second month side effects went away. For me it is important, that I take Keppra with good meal in morning and evening. It is good medicine, just do not give up. 
Love you all."
"I had my Nexplanon put in on 2/24/15 and the only side effect I have had is trouble swallowing, sore throught, sleep deprivation and frequent urination. My period stopped that night and my sex drive has increased. The only thing I don&#039;t like so far is the frequent urination because I have to use the bathroom like every 10 to 20 mins and I cant really move my arm because of the pain but im loving it so far."
"I have suffered from Acne since I was around 9 years old (I am now nearly 23). I have started my 3rd month  on Doxcycline 100mg  once every morning. At the beginning of every month my face broke out with lots of whiteheads, this month has been the worse, slowly healing now but has left me with scaring. Hoping this will get better in the 3rd month as thats where people see most results. Whoever is on 50mg once a day for acne, you need to go back to your doctor/dermatoligst and up the dose, apparently 50mg won&#039;t do nothing for acne its a too lower dose. This is what my doctor told me. I have had no side effects as if yet."
"I have agraphobia (social disorder) I was confinde to my home to scared to get in a situation I couldnt get out of. My fiance was always trying to get me out of the house. He just didnt understand. I started xanax and it saved my life Now im in college and Im not scared to go out. I take the blue one twice a day."
"I am a 40 yr old African American female. I have had uncontrolled high blood pressure for over 7 yrs and it has caused slight damage to the left side of my heart. I am seeing a cardiologist who has tried about 7 different medications within the last year to treat my condition. March, this year, they gave me samples of Bystolic 10mg to take along with my 300/25 Avalide daily. At first, the results looked very promising; however this medication was recently approved in Jan. 2008."
"Be careful ! this is a strong drug, it&#039;s effect is amazing and sometimes you feel HIGH.
But...it causes dependence worse than cocaine...and loses the effect after some months..
SO GUYS ALWAYS TALK WITH THE DOCTOR NEVER USE THIS FOR TOO LONG !!!"
"I developed horrendous headaches after a traumatic brain injury a year ago. After trying far too many non-narcotic alternatives and Percocets, interspersed with several trips a month to the ER for a shot of morphine, my doctors and I have come up with Dilaudid to deal with the bad headaches. I take a single 11mg dose of Dilaudid with two Dramamine and an Ativan, followed by a second Ativan 2 hours later. I go from agony to &quot;let&#039;s go to Ikea&quot; in about an hour. I do take a daily neurostimulant (300mg modafinal) for chronic fatigue that may offset the drowsiness you might expect from that combo, but it has been a huge gain for my quality of life. The trick seems to be to get enough Dilaudid at once to stop the pain."
"Every time I&#039;m prescribed Amoxil I have yeast infections for a week or so. Diflucan is also a given."
"This medicine is very good for my sinus, I feel very well now."
"DO NOT EVER BUY AFRIN NASAL SPRAY. Until Bayer gets themselves together and makes a cap that actually comes off, do not waste your time and money with this product."
"Horrible side effects. Was on for 1 month but was nauseated and vomited every day for that month. I give it a two only because it didn&#039;t make me suicidal, as some other Rx&#039;s have (cough-Cymbalta) 

Now on Viibryd and doing much better (and not vomiting!)  :)"
"Meh, I like it for the sheer convenience factor. In 1 year, I&#039;ve gained 60lbs with and w/o dieting. I, in my late 30s, have reentered puberty (maybe menopause) with the new found acne and mood swings. Cramps are here and there, severe as they may be, they&#039;re not the worst side effect. I&#039;m very arthritic now, some joints are crippling to try and use. Hot flashes suck, although I saved a fortune on heating this winter. Acid reflux was increased. My hair is super brittle and dry now.
Now for the plus side. I DO NOT bleed anymore :) I may decide to suffer through on that alone. It has helped my depression and anxiety, so much that I have been able to almost wean off the antidepressants.
I love the shelf life of five years too."
"2 days before Christmas I came down with diarrhea and it continued to get worse. Many trips to the Drs and hospital and finally after 4 months was sent to a Specialist. He put me on 6 pills a day, 625 mg Welchol.  I had gone from a size 20 to a size 12, no energy, headaches, pains and shakes (from diarrhea). This medication has worked wonders for me. I am so happy that I don&#039;t have to look for the nearest bathroom and stay close to it any longer. I have had no side effects either. I have gained 2 pounds too. I take all 6 pills at one time about 4 hours after my morning medicines. Welchol works wonders for me."
"I was prescribed risperdal for schizophrenia ages 12-16 around 10 years ago now and it&#039;s a huge reason as to how I was able to stay in public school. Other people still noticed I was &quot;different&quot; but it did wonders for both visual and auditory hallucinations, racing thoughts, and paranoia. It never could fully help my delusions though. I gained a bit of weight, but what ultimately led me to no longer take the medication was the zombifying effect it had and how I felt it changed my personality. Might be okay for others though."
"I&#039;ve been taking Paxil since I was 9 years old. I&#039;m now 19. Paxil has changed for the best. As a child I missed 4 months of school because I was so scared and nervous, I would puke until my parents told me I didn&#039;t have to go then I would instantly feel better. I tried in middle school to stop taking Paxil but I became scared, nervous, and edgy. It has just given me a little balance and control over myself, I&#039;m very thankful for Paxil and that medication has come so far and has offered neurological help and relief to those who need it"
"First time Mucinex DM user. I like the extended relief because it really does provide extended relief from the severe coughing that is characteristic of bronchial infections. The medication did make me a little drowsy, so some caution is recommended especially if you are not able to take time off to rest. I also recommend drinking lots of fluid too. You may notice that your urine smells like the medication."
"My experience was so bad that even though I only used the drops for four or five days. I thought maybe I was  just too sensitive! But it&#039;s been over THREE MONTHS SINCE I USED THEM and my lids feel like they stick together; I am unable to tolerate any light shining in the right one and must keep it patched all day, everyday! I HAVE NEVER EXPERIENCED SUCH HORRIBLE PAIN, HAVE LOST MY PERIPHERAL VISION IN THE RIGHT EYE, CAN&#039;T LOOK DOWN OR SIDE TO SIDE! I&#039;D RATHER KILL MYSELF THAN GO ON WITH THE PAIN AND LOSS OF VISION THIS STUFF HAS CAUSED!!!"
"Diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. Been on Prozac for all of 6 days and it&#039;s already changed me in a lot of ways. Some good, some bad, pretty jarring altogether. Morning after 1st use had severely suicidal thoughts. Instant loss of appetite and libido. Been an over eater most of my life. However, today was the first day in 6 days that I put food in my mouth. Zero libido all of a sudden, which I thought was great at first. Want to stick with it but really afraid about my libido."
"A year ago I was put on Paxil for PTSD, depression, anxiety. 
All I can say is do your research because this is a mind altering drug. It can put you in a childhood state ,time loss, carefree and not in a good way. 
DONT TOUCH THIS STUFF. If you do be careful of the major things doctors don&#039;t tell you."
"Davorcet is the only pain medicine I trust and it works for me."
"Have been on it several times for stones. I actually request it from my doctor each time I have a problem stone.  While it helps pass stones easily the dizziness is a major factor for myself. But I will continue to use it!"
"I have had the most positive experience with Generess Fe. I have been taking it for over 2 years and couldn&#039;t be happier. I simply feel like myself and have not had any issues adjusting to it. My body did not react in a negative way and I have not had any problems with weight gain. I definitely recommend giving it a try if you&#039;re curious about it. Also, their savings card really does work and I never pay over $25/mo for my prescription even though my insurance does not cover it at this time."
"I got the Kyleena IUD inserted this morning around 9. The procedure itself was okay... until she stuck it in. It caught me off guard &amp; hurt sooooooooo badly. I ended up having to stay laying down for a couple minutes before leaving. All day I&#039;ve been cramping and slightly bleeding.. which is annoying considering the fact I just gotten off a 7 day period. The medicine she provided before the procedure seem like it didn&#039;t work AT ALL. She also prescribed me ibuprofen 800mg which only last, feels like, 2 minutes. Everyone body is different so don&#039;t let my review scare you. I guess my body just has to get use to it. I honestly just can&#039;t wait until the first stage is over with&#039;"
"ruined my life. It caused me brain damage, destroyed my family, destroyed me. My life is ruined. 

My advice is go and take a month off and go travelling. That will help you a lot more.

My brain damage makes it hard to write.  I have a first class degree and now my brain is reduced to gravy. 

I say get away from these horrible meds"
"I got the Skyla inserted three weeks before I got married (virgin until then). Putting in Skyla was fast, but easily the most painful experience of my entire life. It sounds like someone is shooting a rubber-band gun and it feels like someone has shot your uterus. The cramps were the worst cramps I have had in my entire life- I couldn&#039;t focus, I was in tears- really the most painful experience ever. The cramping pain and bleeding didn&#039;t stop for about two months and periods are still extremely painful. I have bad mood swings, I get depressed all the time, and my libido is definitely decreased. My husband can also feel the wires sometimes and it&#039;s painful to him. I&#039;m not pregnant, so it works... but I&#039;m not sure it&#039;s worth the side effects."
"I used Norco for two years, at the dose of 2 10/325 every 6-8 hours. I was being treated for loose stools and pain as a result of colorectal cancer.  Don&#039;t know what I would have done without this medicine."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for about a month now. When I first got it I felt great nothing major changed. I still haven&#039;t gotten a period but I did experience minor cramping. Now that it&#039;s been about a month I&#039;m experiencing major depression from it. I&#039;ve had depression and anxiety on and off my whole life but I have never felt this bad. Somedays I literally can&#039;t get out of bed and it&#039;s scary. I will probably get it removed if it does not get better soon."
"My son is currently on 20mgs once a day. Diagnosed and medicated September 2016. We noticed he does this blank stare where his eyes roll up and makes a tasting motion with his mouth. I notified Dr and he had a EEG done. Turns out they were seizures. He is doing super well in school, complete 180 but I don&#039;t think  it worth it. He&#039;s now on liquid keppra. I feel like has just going down hill. Super irritable, mood swings which they said was a side effect of being on both. Very disheartening. Waiting for MD to call back to change his med to a non stimulant."
"I&#039;d give Cymbalta a ten, if it didn&#039;t stop working.  60 mg killed all my pain.  Then after 3 months approximately it all came back.  My doctor just upped me to 90 mg and I get by on Percocet which works, but not as well as Cymbalta initially did.  We&#039;ll see what happens.
"
"I have been taking 45 mg of mirtazapine for about 2 years. I stated taking it after I nearly got killed after a light truck hit me. I find it helps me out so much. All I do is focus on physical rehabilitation. I&#039;m in a wheelchair at the moment but I will one day walk again. Maybe next year or in 10. Patience is a virtue. I stated off on 30 mg but my Doctor increased the dose. She could tell I was getting a bit low and my thoughts were dominating my personality. Of course she made the correct call. I find mirtazapine perfect for me. "
"The wisest decision I can share is changing WHEN I take the tamoxifen.  I decided that sleep was imperative in order to deal with the side effects. I take the tamoxifen during the day I live in CA so temp- wise this is a good thing to do. Running hot is an understatement. Skin and hair have taken a hit as the hips have improved.  Suspect no juice to connective tissues is the reason also arthritis has shown up in both knees.  One perk? Evenness of mood after 2 years.  My 10 rating?  No recurrence as of 2.5 years."
"I have a Congenital Heart Defect I was born with, so my Dr. prescribed me Losetrin FE about 5 years ago. DUE TO my insurance change I had to switch to Blisovi FE 1/20 and let me tell you I Love it. I have no headaches, vomiting nothing. I took it 2 years straight and when I was trying to get pregnant I took a year off and it still took me about 10 months to get pregnant with my son he is 1 now and I started back taking my pills again 7 months ago. My acne has went away I have regular periods to the date I took my last pill. Little to no cramping and light periods that last 3-5 days. I would highly recommend this pill. I know everyone&#039;s body is different. But just from my experience I would highly recommend this pill."
"I got my 4 wisdom teeth out and the pain was unbearable! I don&#039;t handle pain very well but 1 t3, and 2 Advil made me not feel pain or anything! And the t3s made me very sleepy so I could rest!"
"I having been taking Maxaron Forte and it has been the only iron pill that I have tried that did not give me any side effects."
"Nexplanon was great for the first 5 months or so. Insertion wasn&#039;t a big deal at all, my arm bruised really badly but was all looks and no paid. No period, no bad side effects, clear skin, it was great! The first bad side effect was painful sex.  Then one day I started bleeding, and I never stopped! I bled for months before I actually went to the doctor (bad on my part for waiting so long). I started gaining weight and feeling very sluggish. My hair even started thinning and I&#039;m only 18. Nexplanon made me really sick. Not worth it!"
"Hey you, yeah, you reading this review. Take a breath. If you&#039;re speeding through all of these experiences, you&#039;re probably looking for potential side effects and reactions of other people. I know, because I&#039;m just like you.
I can tell you the first day I took Bactrim, I had a horrible migraine. The worst I&#039;ve had in months. But guess what--I also didn&#039;t drink coffee that day after having a constant intake for weeks. I had other problems like chills, but wait, I got this medicine for an infection! So many symptoms people experience are likely a result of other things.  
My uti went away. I drank lots of water and milk with it. Other than experiencing a few more headaches, and a bit of tiredness, I was fine."
"I take my linzess every morning as prescribed but yet I still get constipated I can go 3-4 days without having a movement even though I&#039;m taking linzess"
"Do not take this. I used it 4 days after an accident and this states it is effective 5 days after intercourse. The accident being the 19th of November and i took it the 22nd of November. I took test 1 day before period due and it was positive. In shock and devastated."
"OK, guys, I had a bottle of champagne and we drank,but i failed, ugh. I thought it was her roomates with kids next door and said next time better at my place. so we tried at my place, again a fail, 2 months later saw her , by now I had bought cialis, I mixed champagne, vodka, ,well things were going well, but then before ,climax, I felt like might have heart attack, had to stop, then,another fail so, then ( started Kundalini yoga, excercises, about squeezing your sex, muscles, breathing , blood flow etc, ( Sat Kriya ) my ex girlfriend had taught me years ago, started again                                  amazing, if no yoga( 80mg bayer heart asprin ,rock hard .lol all"
"I have been taking this medication for almost a month. I had a good experience at 40mg and opted to try the higher dosage of 80mg. It has been nothing short of amazing. I have been on every AAP except for Clozapine with mediocre to average results.. even in combinations. I do take the 80mg of Latuda with 300mg of Seroquel XR, but the Latuda has made a huge difference cognitively."
"I started Amitriptyline after 3 horrible months (on November 2007) of which I had no relief using the following medicines: Midrin, Naproxen, Flexoral, Lortabs, Imitrex, and anything I could find. I was taking at least 10 tylenols/day. Plenty of times I took to much and ended up with a stomach ache to top it off. Amitriptyline took effect right away, it&#039;s now May 09 and after slow increases I was recently put on 200mg. It works, in my case it does have some side effects. Dry mouth, and every now and then facial twitches. Now with the increase I&#039;m experiencing more facial twitchs and some hand tremors as well. So far it&#039;s still worth it."
"I used this when I had shingles for the pain, NowI use it for sebhorea... it burns like the dickens but then numbs.  itching stops."
"I was on bioidentical HRT for a couple of years before I had to have a hysterectomy.  I was able to keep my ovaries, vagina and cervix.  After the surgery, I was only allowed to take my transdermal estrogen; no more progesterone.  I am 60 years old now and have had painful, unpleasant intercourse for some time.  My gyn noticed how dry I looked and talked to me about it and gave me a prescription for this.  I am so glad she did.  I was hurting after my exam and used it that night.  It made a difference overnight. It isn&#039;t messy at all.  I use it at bedtime twice a week.  I&#039;m so glad there was a solution to this problem that is rarely talked about.  A friend chided me for taking a non-bioidentical and I told her that I don&#039;t care."
"I recently went on Trinessa after being off of birth control for several years. I explained to my doctor that when I took BC pills in the past I always had taken the low dose OrthTricyclen. He prescribed me the normal dose of Trinesaa anyways. Needless to say, I will never take these pills again. I was given a 90 day supply, and the first few days of taking it I was constantly nauseous. Then after about a month I noticed a five pound weight gain (I am a soldier in the US military so I work out five days a week and nothing else could have caused this) which, by the time the prescription had ran out had ballooned up to almost fifteen pounds! After roughly a month I started having horrible mood swings. Never again will I feed myself hormones."
"First day on Nuvigil prescribed by a &quot;second opinion&quot; sleep doctor.  My first sleep doctor kept discounting my complaints of constant sleepiness even after having the CPAP machine for over a year. He had never even talked about any medications for excessive sleepiness.   But, my &quot;second opinion&quot; sleep doctor did pay attention.  I can&#039;t thank him enough.  My first day on Nuvigil has been like a sunrise.  This is the first day in at least 6 years that I didn&#039;t fall asleep.  No headaches, jitters, nausea. Started to feel the &quot;wakefulness&quot; easing off after about 6 hours.  I agree about the cost, it&#039;s outrageous at over $10/day.  I also take medicines for Atrial-fib, so Nuvigil is one of the few I can take."
"I started with Duromine 30mg on 27/03/2014 weighing 84kg and I am currently (23/04/2014) 79kg which means I have lost 5kg to date. I only exercised once a week for two hours. I changed my diet a little bit by taking 2 slices of toasted brown bread, 1 egg and a fruit, lunch fruit &amp; a small portion protein, supper would only be 3 colorful veggies e.g.: carrots, beetroot &amp; spinach.  What I like about this is I can choose what I want to eat. I would highly recommend it to anyone who did not have the ability to control their appetite and crave for everything around."
"3 days on it, so far so good, my sleep is great no racing thoughts or paranoia. The
only con is the taste but the benefits outweigh it. Will try to post update in about a month."
"I&#039;ve had depression and anxiety with panics since 2013 and been through many medications that didn&#039;t work and finally I get Wellbutrin 150mg lexapro 20 mg and it&#039;s amazing I feel back to myself years ago!!! Here it is 2016 when I get the right deal."
"I had the Mirena fitted 3/10/16 while waiting to have hysterescopy had it for 2 months with non stop bleeding everyday. Last few weeks I was depressed, angry, bloated, weight gain, itchy skin ended up asking a go to take it out. He said he didn&#039;t think my symptoms were from Mirena and that they are more than likely menopause. I&#039;m 49 and had none of these symptoms until I had Mirena. I&#039;m day 3 post Mirena not much has changed yet but so glad I had it out. Hoping to have hysterectomy soon."
"After finding live lice in my 10 yr old daughters hair, I immediately went to buy an OTC product.  Treated hair that evening &amp; 2x daily I would painstakingly go through her hair removing nits. 4 days later, found live lice (and yes, I followed the directions to the tee!).  I retreated, but the next day my other daughter was scratching, she had lice too!  I did same treatment for her as well, but when I found that I had them as well, I called their pediatrician and that&#039;s where Sklice came into the picture.  He not only prescribed treatments for us, but for my two sons and husband as well.  One treatment and POOF! No more lice!!!  No more hrs spent removing nits!! (Use $25 coupon on Sklice website!)"
"This was black labeled and are hiding side effects. My mother is sitting in a hospital with cancer and other problems leading back to this drug"
"Flonase SUCKS. The first two days I used it, I thought it was the greatest thing ever invented because my horrible allergies finally seemed to clear up. I forgot to take it one day and woke up in the middle of the night with a stopped up nose, so I took Flonase again as soon as I woke up. It was VERY ineffective that time. I got horrible headaches, insanely itchy eyes, a sore throat, and my mouth and lips were constantly dry. It has been a week since I&#039;ve vowed to never use Flonase again, and I STILL have the WORST smell in my nose and mouth from that stupid allergy &quot;reliever&quot;. If you&#039;re wondering if you should hop in your car, make the trip out, and purchase Flonase, I will let you know right now that, that is the biggest mistake."
"6 years now and nothing has worked until Viibryd. I&#039;ve been off and on meds for 20 years, but this last bout of depression was about killing me. It&#039;s been two months and I&#039;m doing great!"
"Horrible. Took one pill as directed on first morning. Within an hour, increased heart rate, pupils dilated, uncontrollable diarrhea. Had to leave work, even felt like I had the flu. I only need to lose about 15 lbs. my doctor should have never prescribed this drug for me."
"I have been taking bentyl for a month ..what a god send I take 10 mg two times daily. I have had no issues it stopped the cramps, stools are still irregular sometimes diarrhea I am new to IBS...going to talk to my Dr about what trigger foods cause it start"
"I started taking Nora after I had my daughter. I started Nora because I decided to breastfeed. It&#039;s been 3 months and I bleed like 26 days out of the month. I HATE IT! Major weight gain, I&#039;m a few pounds away from my pregnancy weight at 8 months. I have never been this heavy and I&#039;m so uncomfortable. I decided to stop taking it yesterday :("
"Demerol is the only medicine that works for quick relief of pain. I suffer fron chronic pain syndrome. I take 30mg of methadone 4 times a day and then a fentanyl 50 mg patch every 48 hours to control the pain."
"I have suffered with migraines and neck pain for many years. Botox has given me my life back.   I have arthritis in my neck and Botox is the ONLY thing that has given me relief."
"I have been on Victoza for about 2 and half months and I love it.  I have a little trouble wanting to eat which in turn makes it difficult for me to find something I want but my blood sugar has been great and I have lost almost 35 pounds.  I started out at 218 pounds and I now weigh around 185.  I am very happy with the results and don&#039;t know why I wasn&#039;t put on this sooner. I also take metformin and it just didn&#039;t do for me what Victoza has.  I don&#039;t want to snack all day and I don&#039;t crave sugar like I did before."
"I suffered from frequent bouts of hypomania and deep depression, sometimes within days of each other. I finally gave in and sought help with medications, but I either felt like an apathetic robot, or I got every side effect known to man. My psychiatrist finally had me try Lamictal. Like many reviews, I noticed within 4 weeks that I&#039;d found my miracle. I finally feel balanced."
"This pill has been great! My husband and I married 9 yrs ago and i started taking it just before our wedding. When I&#039;ve wanted to get pregnant I&#039;ve stopped it.....pretty well immediately gotten pregnant and then when the baby is about 6 months old (I breastfeed and it&#039;s not recommended while breastfeeding) I get back on it. Had 3 kiddos so all in all I&#039;ve been on this pill for at least 5 years. Only cons I&#039;ve experienced are a bit of weight gain/harder to lose weight on it. I&#039;m not talking a huge amount but 5-15 lbs. And it&#039;s really expensive for me to buy the brand name local so I just get my ob to give me a written prescription and I fax it to an online pharmacy and get it there. Aside from that it&#039;s great"
"I used to work for a bank and I was being helped by one of my colleagues on opening an account for a customer. I was making many mistakes, I began to panic and I was sweating profusely. The customers wouldn&#039;t make much conversation with me because they felt they we&#039;re making me nervous. I had to excuse myself to take a breather in the break room! Xanax has helped me become more relaxed and socially open with strangers. I feel like my job interviews are going to be pleasant now! The only side effect I experience is tiredness after the medicine wears out, but that only lasted for about 1 hour for me."
"After about six weeks of starting Diovan 80 mg my blood pressure began to go higher.  My dosage was increased to 160 mg. My blood pressure would go up and down, reaching  to over 200/100 several times.  After a trip to the ER twice and the hospital once, I decided to take myself off Diovan and go back to my old medicine. Problem solved."
"I went they 2 years of hell with lower back pain it ruined my life for those 2 years seemingly endless pain and suffering .  Then my doctor prescribed Celebrex, which stopped the pain dead in its tracks"
"I have not changed anything about my daily routine, but after a month my acne is gone, and I have magically lost 10 lbs"
"Dry mouth but that just prompted me to drink more water.  Slight headache and insomnia yesterday, but insomnia every day for me and I had my hair up, which could be the cause of the headache.  I won&#039;t blame the meds for any except the dry mouth.   I was fine taking it on an empty stomach. 
This morning when I awoke, I wasn&#039;t crazy thinking about how to battle food cravings all day long.  My willpower was weakening as I get older, or so I thought, but yesterday I was able to work a normal day without thinking about food or the fight with my mind.
With research, I already knew my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it.  I signed up for the savings card program, $70 out of pocket."
"I started taking adipex on March 19th, weighing 256 lbs (5&#039;10&quot; 32 year old female). I took it every day around lunch time ( took it for only 12 days).. Its now Thursday and I haven&#039;t taken it since last Friday because I still have NO appetite.. I have to make myself eat.. No side effects besides extreme dry mouth, I drink over a gallon of water a day.. and I weighed myself today and I&#039;m 238. So I&#039;m down 18 lbs with only using it for 2 weeks.. I find this medicine extremely helpful and am so thankful someone told me about it!"
"Once again I fell for a product despite knowing better. There is no such thing as a weight loss pill. Nothing. Weight loss comes from modified diet and exercise. There&#039;s no magic pill. Not only didn&#039;t I lose any weight... I GAINED another 10 lbs.

This was a waste of money and I suspect messed with my metabolism in the process. The makers of this placebo should refund all our money. Total con."
"The new version does not dry me up, this dries my sinuses and stops the runny nose that is so annoying with some headcolds. So annoying that they have renamed Sudafed and tried to pull the wool over our eyes, this is the one that works."
"Used it on my 7 day cruise.  Worked wonderfully during the cruise. No side effects and no nausea, even with 12 to 18 foot seas. About a day after I took the patch off, started having double/blurred vision and am extremely tired, even with 8 1/2 to 9 hours sleep. 4 days later and am still having blurred/double vision and still tired. "
"I love Implanon. At first I was skeptical because of all the bad reviews plus I have a terrible fear of shots and I hate pain. Well to be very clear it didn&#039;t hurt at all. I was surprised. I was previously on the Nuvaring and I hated it because it kept giving me urinary tract infections and I can&#039;t keep up with the pills so that&#039;s why I decided to do Implanon. I haven&#039;t had any irregular bleeding yet or actually I haven&#039;t bled any at all and I&#039;ve been on it for little over a month. No side effects yet and I&#039;m glad I&#039;m covered for three years. Hope this review helps someone else."
"I have not found it to help my pain at all. 3x 300mg a day gives negligible relief from the post surgical pain I have."
"I have been using this for a scalp condition called  Lichen planopilaris  somewhat related to psoriasis, however it affects the hair follicles on the scalp. After a week of use I noticed significant improvement in itching and scaling. It is going on 6 weeks now, and I continue to see slow but steady progress. What I really want to emphasize here is that I found out the hard way that this product is extremely toxic to cats. Even a small amount can be deadly. My cat drinks in the shower bottom after I shower this off each morning, and he became very ill. After costly vet bills, we were able to save him. Please be very careful with this around your pets."
"I have been using duac for around 6 months maybe a bit longer and although i have noticed a difference with my spots i really dislike the fact in makes my skin so dry. I would however recommend it to anyone suffering with acne who doesnt mind the dryness as it does appear to clear it up."
"Been using it for about 5 months and it has been a miracle worker until recently. A few weeks ago started having random sleepless nights. This week has been terrible waking up after 3-4 hours and feeling wide awake. Not sure if my body is getting used to it but I thought I&#039;d check the reviews to see if anyone else has had the same problem. I hope this is a fluke because Silenor really had changed my life and even though it was expensive it was worth being able to function the next day."
"Awesome medicine. Have been on it for 3 years. I have perfect blood pressure now. No side effects. I love it."
"Wellbutrin has helped the anxiety and depression associated with my ADD.  After quitting smoking my Adderall quit being effective.  Rather than upping my dose of my stimulant medication, I opted for &quot;nicotine replacement therapy.&quot;  I am so glad I did.  This is the most effective thing I have ever tried.  In the past I have tried Zoloft and Effexor."
"Started taking this med at first prn for insomnia but then everyday due to stressful life events. At first it knocked me out stone cold and I slept good...but now just over a month of using it it does nothing for my insomnia. It just stopped working and I don&#039;t feel any better, I feel worse now because my insomnia has returned. Also, it does nothing for my mood but make me feel more aggressive. Food craving at first were insane, now that&#039;s gone. Overall, thumbs down."
"I got the implant inserted three years ago, I got constant bleeding. I would have a period for a month straight and really bad abdominal pain. The insertion was painful as the anaesthetic was not  effective. I couldn&#039;t sleep on my left side for A week. During the time I had the implant I had to go on the pill to stop the bleeding. After the first year I was still getting 2 week periods and 2 weeks of no bleeding, I eventually got it out after having it for 2 years. Do not get this, it will ruin your sex life !!"
"I have only been taking Lexapro for two days but I already felt a difference the first day.  It was like things were not such a big deal.  A few hours after taking the second dose I had this wave of memories from the last year that made me go &quot;wow, I&#039;ve over reacted, over thought, over cried, over expected from myself and others&quot;.  It does make me a bit sleepy so I take it before bed. My appetite is more normal now where I would eat to feel better now I am only eating when I&#039;m hungry.  It makes me thirsty and makes me yawn a lot but overall but I think this may save me and my family from my freak out moments."
"Helps me very much."
"I put on this medication for muscle pain and within ten minutes the burning sensation got extremely bad my skin was very red and the burning was unbearable, worst experience ever."
"I had MRSA inf. last 8 yrs, all around the body. One heals and other one starts, went to my heart twice too. Now this many years of this, I end up to get Sepsis, I have no words to tell, how bad I feel...too bad, I guess. God Bless You All, who went true this bad infection."
"I was prescribed this back in October due to several days of dizziness.  Doesn&#039;t help at all.  After about 6 hours, the dizziness goes away but comes back the next day."
"Having had the mirena in for nearly two years at doctors advice, I&#039;m having it removed on Thursday as its the worst thing to have done.
It has made me depressed, mood swing are horrendous to the point my children and husband are getting it all. I have no desire what so ever to be intimate with my husband.  I feel like I have lost control of my body.
The only plus is I don&#039;t have periods , PLEASE do your research and choose wisely which contraceptive method you have."
"Yeast infections suck. Monistat 7 burns and makes the itch worse, but it definitely cures the infection. Benadryl knocks out the itching and burning from the Monistat. Still better than losing a day to the doctor&#039;s office for an RX &amp; paying those copays."
"I&#039;m rather small and I have a lot of sexual dysfunction. This drug worked for me but I had some side effects."
"I absolutely hates this drug and do not recommend it to ANYONE. Not only did I not lose any weight while on it, despite eating less, eating healthier, and exercising more, it seriously affected my mental health. It messed with my mind so much, by week 4 I was feeling really bad. And of course you can&#039;t just quit, you have to wean off. I had to have a whole additional anti-anxiety med added to combat the side effects and it still wasn&#039;t enough. Once I finally got off I was so much better mentally. I&#039;d rather be overweight than ever go through that experience again."
"I&#039;ve been using Copaxone since Nov 2011.  At first, the skin reactions were painful and sometimes, the sites on my legs are more sore than other sites.  However, overall, it&#039;s better than Avonex, which I&#039;d been on since 2006 (5 yrs).  I don&#039;t feel as tired and don&#039;t have the flu-like symptoms. 

I use the autoject device which works well.  My only challenge is to remember to take the medicine in case I get out of my normal routine, such as after a dinner out, etc."
"Baclofen saved my life.  I was drinking 24/7 for ten years, up to four bottles of wine a day.  I had tried everything to quit drinking.  Then I read &#039;The end of my addiction&#039; by Dr. Ameisen which started me on the road to sobriety.  I had a lot of side effects and had to increase my Baclofen dose very, very slowly, but it worked!  I am now totally free of any craving for alcohol.  There is a new website with lots of good information at baclofentreatment.com.  This was created by an emergency room physician that was treating her patients with Baclofen."
"My husband has had a severe case of Chron&#039;s since he was 33. He was on and off of Remicade for 7 years. Last January we found out he built up antibodies to the Remicade and it was no longer working properly.  Humira has been a God send for him. He loves that he decides when to give himself the shot and he only has side effects for 24 hours compared to 48 or 72 hours after an infusion of Remicade. He has been in remission for a year for the first time in years. We feel very blessed there is a new medicine helping patients with this very difficult disease. He also has learned to eliminate gluten and dairy. As his diet gets better he feels better."
"I just started this antibiotic yesterday and my lymph nodes have reduced in size (from kidney bean to pea) and I can now eat without severe pain. I&#039;ve had bad experience with things such as amoxicillin and Azithromycin because of serious stomach upset, even when taken with food. But on penicillin vk I haven&#039;t had any side effects. All I know is this penicillin is kicking my strep throats butt and I love it."
"Going on 3rd month on 20mg/day and haven&#039;t lost any weight. 5&#039;3&quot; 174lbs. 38 years old."
"I&#039;m almost on month 3 of this birth control and I&#039;ve not had any problems with it. I haven&#039;t experienced any acne or weight gain. I&#039;m just still trying to figure my periods. The first month it came the day I started my first sugar pill. This month I&#039;m on my 2nd sugar pill and no sign of my period, however, Overall I have been very satisfied with this bc."
"I spotted for the first 10 months I was on Mirena...constantly! Then was back to a normal non-spotting routine for two months. The spotting came back after that and I spotted for twenty days out of my cycle. Not fun! It definitely affected my relationship with my significant other. I gave Mirena a fair shot by having it for over a year and a half. Although it does prevent pregnancy, the bleeding is a huge downfall for me. BUT I&#039;d like to point out that I have a sensitive cervix and was just informed that the Mirena is NOT for people with a sensitive cervix."
"Took Dexilant delayed release 60mg for 8 days and experienced diarrhea and stomach pain starting the third day.  Hoped it would resolve after a few days but did not.  Have continued to have abdominal pain and now constipation and strange-colored stool (white to clay) for more than a week after stopping the medicines.  Back to omeprazole for me and then to my doctor if this doesn&#039;t stop soon.  Dexilant did not work for me."
"Very bad headaches and sick on stomach feeling the entire day. I only took the medication for a week I could not take the headaches on top of everything else going on in my life."
"Doctor told me to take this uristat . super drug, I feel normal again. I can sleep longer, no real pain and the only side effect is urine is yellowish orange. But who cares about that if your rid of pain and spasms. Thank you doctor!"
"I&#039;ve been feeling good while on Jardiance (Diab type 2). I take 12.5 mg each night. Same as a lot of folk here, I pee much more &amp; am thirsty more often .Dropped the weight pretty much straight away with very little effort. I was taking Diabex before this. I&#039;ve got to have a glucose test in the next week so we&#039;ll see how it all goes. My son&#039;s a nursing student &amp;t his is what he said about it: 
&#039;My understanding of it is that the glomerulus which is the filtration site in the nephron (which is the functional unit of the kidney) is only designed to filter smaller particles. Glucose however is really big and shouldn&#039;t be filtered into the nephron
That&#039;s what I was lead to believe. Not sure if that&#039;s true or not.&#039; 
I&#039;ll hit my Dr up with this."
"I take 1 every 12 hrs, was given 10 pills &amp; have 2 left &amp; my uti symptoms are unchanged.  It&#039;s only a slight infection &amp; I only feel symptoms at night (which is odd).  I have none of the other symptoms that people have stated in here.  Kind of worrying if my uti will get worse."
"It did alleviate my pain but not my urgency.  The side effect is just about unbearable.  I am partially incontinent due to the cancer treatment I am receiving.  Just a drop of this bright orange dye on clothing, carpet or anywhere does permanent damage.  Everyone gets a urine spot in their underwear occasionally. With this product get ready to spend lots on cleaning and ruined clothes."
"At the risk of someone thinking I&#039;m the &quot;same person as other posters,&quot; I&#039;m
Posting my real name. I&#039;ve had a nagging cough, and chose to try Delsym again, as I&#039;ve had success in the past with it.  I commute 30 miles to work. I got within a mile of my office and coughed.......and pooped all over myself. Yes. Explosive diarrhea in my scrubs! It was awful.  I&#039;m sitting in the work parking lot,calling the girls outside since I can&#039;t move out of my car! Forward......I&#039;m home but can&#039;t get more than twenty minutes away from a toilet. If you take this, trust me, you won&#039;t cough, just like it says, for 12 hours.  You&#039;ll be afraid to. Take something else, please. After all, it has been a terribly shi&euro;&euro;y day for me."
"I love NuvaRing. A few years back I went on the pill for a few months and was almost suicidal. After dating my boyfriend for several months I decided it would be safer to go on some form of protection and my physician recommended NR. The first month and a half I was an emotional wreck. Irritable and moody and it almost ruined my relationship. I feel nothing now except for a moment of cramping. He can&#039;t feel it during sex either and I never feel it day-to-day. I am very dry during intercourse regardless of a level of stimulation. That&#039;s my only complaint"
"I was prescribed Gabapentin for nerve entrapment related pain.  I&#039;m 31, slightly overweight, but otherwise healthy according to my last round of physicals.  I also am not diabetic.  

My doctor recommended 300 mg, three times per day.  Gabapentin made me tired, forgetful, imbalanced, temperamental, emotional, dizzy, decreased my short term memory and ultimately made me sluggish in thought.  The only thing Gabapentin did not do was relieve pain.  I gave it 30 days before discontinuing.  It took two months before my thoughts and memory were no longer sluggish.  (I literally had delayed speech, slurred speech and developed a stutter.)"
"I am beyond happy that I made the switch. I was on the pill prior to my new IUD and I had the worst PMS and mood swings imaginable. I always felt depressed and this constant dread that hovered over me. I was always hungry, I gained 15lbs when I went on the pill. My gyno highly suggested the skyla. I finally went through with it. Insertion pain was excruciating, I will not lie about that.  But...It was worth it, at least for me. I had severe pain for the rest of the week with very light spotting. Cramps that would not go away no matter how many pain killers I popped. But after the first week it was smooth sailing. I feel better mentally and appetite has decreased dramatically. I feel zero pain or discomfort. Highly recommend the skyla IUD!"
"My  Dr.  prescribed  Gabapentin to me for my  hot flashes &amp; night sweat they to  were so bad I couldn&#039;t sleep at night and was having hot flashes all day long  now I only get   very  few during  the  day .the only I don&#039;t like is that it  causes me  to be  dizzy and light headed during the  day but I only been on it for  a week hope that will go away .I take  2 at night  ."
"I&#039;ve had psoriasis for over 30 years. When I first used this product it worked wonders but lately it has been really aggravating my skin so I stopped using it.
For my scalp psoriasis, my dermatologist suggested that after I wash my hair I should dry it fairly quickly. This small change in my routine has reduced my scalp psoriasis by about 80%."
"I am 45 years old with 2 sons with ADHD.  I&#039;ve always known that I also have ADHD, but it wasn&#039;t officially diagnosed until 2 months ago.  My doctor put me on an escalating dose of Vyvanse, starting at 30mg and upped to 50mg.   I am so glad I finally sought treatment and my physician prescribed this medication.  I can read something and pay attention to the words I am reading for the first time in my whole life.  I don&#039;t have to re-read and re-read until I can concentrate on the words.  My thoughts are much more organized, and I don&#039;t feel like a spinning top.  I have not experienced any negative side-effects, and I am sleeping better.

I know that others have had some bad effects with this drug, but it is a miracle medicine for me."
"I honestly can&#039;t remember how long I&#039;ve been on Xenical , about close to two months I&#039;m guessing. I&#039;ve had the oily poo but it does depend on what I eat. I haven&#039;t been exercising but I know I&#039;ve lost some weight. I&#039;m just too scared to check how much. From tomorrow I&#039;m going to make sure that I&#039;m walking more and exercising as well."
"7 years ago I was diagnosed with leukaemia and I drifted into a state of depression. I felt really depressed and felt my life was drifting away so I visited my doctor and he prescribed me 5 mg of escitalopram. Initially this didn&#039;t make any difference and I still felt really depressed. So on return to my Doctor he upped my medication to 10 mg and after about 1week I have never looked back. I now feel like the person I did before I was diagnosed with leukaemia.  I hope this is of help and good luck to anyone who is suffering from this terrible illness please keep your chin up xxxxxxx"
"I took Plan-B after having unprotected sex right after my period ended. He got it for me to ease both our minds. Within a week of taking the pill, I had some side effects, like headaches and dizziness. After 7 days I received an early period. It was painful, and I had bad cramps. I was worried at first because I had just had my period, but Plan-B and you guys reviews all said bleeding and irregular periods were a common system. It really worked! So no worries if this happens to you! I will suggest no intercourse until you get your next period just in case, and a pregnancy test to ease your mind."
"I suspected sexual side effects from Lexapro so my doctor switched me to Brintellix. It made me itch like crazy every single night even though I took it in the morning. There wasn&#039;t a rash or anything so I just felt like I was losing my mind and my doctor hadn&#039;t heard of the side effect. I also got pretty nauseous on a few occasions. 
It was not nearly as effective as Lexapro for depression. While on Brintellix I found myself getting devastated by things that would have been minor disappointments while I was on Lexapro. On Brintellix I cried a few times at work. I got really frustrated with people over nothing. I lost a lot of motivation. I wasn&#039;t myself.
I&#039;ve heard it works for other people, but not me."
"I took this after I had surgery on my ovaries. It gave me bad insomnia, hot flashes and really bad weight gain. Once I was off of it I was ok.
I am once again on Megace for Hyperplasia and I am experiencing hot flashes and weight gain once again, but now within the month that I have been taking it my blood sugar is going up and I am fatigued all the time."
"I do not like the patch at all. I&#039;d used Ortho Evra version years ago in college, and the only downside was the constant tiredness and mood swings. THIS version of the patch has produced the worst body systems, ever. The constant gas/bloating, heavy periods with cramps that last over a week, constant hunger/weight gain, and the mood swings. I&#039;ve gained roughly 15lbs, but the kicker is that I do not eat a lot. I don&#039;t even have dairy in my normal diet and I do not eat fried food or junk food. It just seems like my body is packing on the weight, still. The only reason why I even gave it a 3 is because of the ease of use and not having to worry to take it. I am switching off of this soon."
"I&#039;ve been on Armour for over 3 months now, and my TSH and T4 levels are only getting worse. I go to the Doctor every 3 weeks to have my blood drawn and there has been no improvement!  Every time I go to the Doctor they keep having to up the dosage 30mg, and each increase I feel worse and worse.  My hair has fallen out, I feel lethargic and achy all over, I can&#039;t sleep at night and when I finally do get to sleep I wind up staying in bed for 13 hours!  I have no energy. "
"I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism 1999 so  Dr put my on levo. I never felt any different as years past symptoms got worse. My levels become worse I then was diagnosed with hashimotos thyroiditis.  My weight up and down now up then down. The fatigue was so severe I thought about ending my life.  Having two boys that wasn&#039;t an option. After years of levo  Drs upping the mcg I got sick of it stopped taking it. I could not function on it. It was like a sleeping pill to me. I was bloated all the time my hair was breaking off   I made appointment with my dr a few weeks ago. After all these years I told her my issue with levo.  Well let&#039;s see your number and I&#039;ll put you on armour. It&#039;s the best ever had. I wake up as though I&#039;ve slept."
"Lexapro (which is called Cipralex here in Canada) was what they put me on when I first became extremely anxious (after trying talk therapy and Ativan when needed). It KO&#039;d my anxiety extremely well (alongside continued therapy). Not only my acute anxiety that was causing panic attacks and made me unable to leave the house was handled, but the social anxiety I&#039;ve lived with all my life. However, it caused me to gain a significant amount of weight, my emotions were somewhat blunted, and for the first few months I was on it, I would get quite sleepy in the morning. It did stop working for me after about 2.5 years, but as short-term anxiety treatment it served me well."
"I just started 150mg Nucynta ER.  I have been on almost every pain medicine in existence.  Aside from the cost of $375 for 60 pills,  I believe it is working quite well. I have been on long term pain management for 12 years.  Since this medicine is new, there is not much information about it online.  I am hoping to hear more success stories and other people&#039;s opinions soon."
"It helps me I have nerve damage in my back, but it does not take away all the pain."
"I have been dealing with lower back and leg pain for the last year and half. I was started with Oxys 5mg. It took awhile to figure out how much I needed to make through a day. It could be anywhere from 2 to 8 daily and never had any problem working. My script was change to Percs. 5mg. and they seem to work a lot better and only needed at most 4 per day, but I had a hard time trying to work. My last script was for Endocet 10mg. I took one before I went to bed and the next day waking up was real hard to do things like talking. I&#039;m only using a 1/2 of one at a time at this point and on a good day just a half on a bad day 1 &amp; 1/2."
"I have to brag on chantix. I smoked for over 52 years and I no longer smoke, thanks to chantix."
"I&#039;m writing this review for all of the women skeptical of IUDs (since I was one of them). I became pregnant in November of 2015 after a condom failed for my boyfriend and I. We were not in a place to have a child, and terminated the pregnancy (which was something I NEVER thought I would do, so please don&#039;t judge). We decided we needed a better form of birth control (had been on the pill with bad side effects), and chose skyla. The insertion happened the first day of my period and was a BREEZE. A slight pinch and that was it! I&#039;ve had period cramps that were worse! Slight cramps the first two days but ibuprofen took them away. It&#039;s been great since! PLEASE dont let reviews scare you away! They almost did for me, but I&#039;m glad they didn&#039;t!"
"I have been on this med for almost a year. Prior to this, all other meds either didn&#039;t work for me or I had unbearable side effects. The only bearable maintenance was Levemir 100 units daily. I gained about 30 lbs! Doc put me on Invokana, I have lost 25 lbs, I have lowered the insulin to 35 units a day. A1C is 6.3. Had been a yeast infection nightmare though! Doc knocked out the yeast infections with Fluconazole and I take 1 Fluconazole a week now and am keeping the YI nightmare away! This has been the only drug that has truly helped!"
"I started anastrozole one year ago in June 2014 after a double mastectomy.  I did not need chemo or radiation as I caught the cancer early and my Oncotype DX score was very low.  The first 3 months I didn&#039;t notice any side effects.   But then  I gained(so far) 10 lbs. and I am very active and work out 5 days a week with weights and cardio(I am 60 yrs. old now)    My hips, lower back especially left side and knees hurt allot and my knees feel weak. It makes it very difficult to get up off the floor. Also both thumb joints hurt all the time. No hair loss or nail issues but some hot flashes.  I wonder if it will get worse-still have 4 years left."
"I had my iud put in last Thursday. I have four children so the pain during the insertion was  a 3 on a scale of 10. Had spotting which now three days later turned to a light flow. No cramping yet. So far so great will give another review after check up next month."
"I agree with everyone. I&#039;m so excited to have found out about this patch, I started mine last week and going on my 2nd week and absolutely love it. For the first time in a LONG time and I&#039;m back being my old self and the mom I need to be! I take the 10mg and seems to work great so far! I have been taking Tramadol and Oxycodone. I am so happy to not have to drag my pill bottle around with me any more and take pills all day every day. I&#039;m very excited for where I&#039;m at right now with my pain management. Wish I would have found out about this years ago."
"I have been on Fycompa now for 8 weeks. Prior to that, I was having seizure clusters almost every other day. Two were so bad I ended up in Trauma with a scull fracture and a broken nose and cheek bone. I have noticed some minor mood swings but nothing serious. I have also noticed a increase in my appetite. I also take Keppra and Lamictal, so I am not sure if that makes it better. Just happy I haven&#039;t had any seizures in 7 weeks and counting.."
"I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 6 yrs old and pretty much just learned to deal with it until age 14. When I started 8th grade, my parents put me on the meds and I absolutely love it! I&#039;m so much more successful! Plus I feel better about myself as a person. I don&#039;t know how I went all those years without it. Its definitely made my life better."
"Drank the prep,held my nose and chugged and wow! Was it nasty! I am not fussy and am a just do it sort of person, but this stuff was foul. I sucked on an orange wedge right after.The next 32 oz were a breeze. Then came the bloating (a lot) and significant pain. I drank peppermint tea  &amp;massaged my belly and after 40 min  I let loose, this after an extra day of liquid diet. 5 hrs later and still gurgling and gas(running for the loo each time)  still not clear. I have a 12noon appt and am supposed to take my next dose at 8 am.I think I will move it to 6 am. From what I read here  people finished up pretty quickly. A not as unpleasant an experience as 10 yrs ago, but I could do without the icky flavor&amp;  pain. Not looking forward to next dose."
"Life saver.  Gets way too much of a bad rap by &quot;professionals&quot; who don&#039;t know squat about mental health.

Make sure to use sparingly and you will not get addicted

For high pressure situations at work or other emergency situations it makes me a normal person again.  

This Rx has saved my life and my job.

(Go to counselling too)"
"My doctor prescribed me this medicine for my migraines. Although it worked great for the pain, it was extremely addictive. I started wanting it all the time time, even when I did not have a migraine because it made me feel so good. "
"I had terrible symptoms of Irritable Bowel Syndrome. When I would go out to eat within 20 mins. of eating I would have terrible diarrhea. I could chew gum or drink something in the morning getting ready for work or school and I would have diarrhea. I would on occasion have bowel accidents within a few feet of making it to the bathroom at home, when coming in from going out to eat.

The first time I was put on escitalopram for nerves, this was one of the best things that ever happened to me. I felt &quot;normal&quot; for once. I did not want to bite people&#039;s heads off and the diarrhea, gone, that department was normal for the very first time since my teen years. I started taking escitalopram in my early 40s. This medication is a God send."
"These pills are helping me with arthritis. I have arthritis all over the place. From my upper back all the way to my legs."
"Been on for a few months - up to 40mg - feeling great as far as mood goes.  DO have some break through anxiety but that will get better with time.  Notice you DO HAVE TO TAKE WITH FOOD - or your stomach does get really upset.  I have also noticed weight gain/or bloating.  So the weight gain being 10 pounds may be some water weight as well.  I&#039;ve taken other meds that don&#039;t work this effectively so will give this a definite try for awhile and see if it continues to help me with my mood disorder.  Bless all out there that have this terrible disorder...."
"After using Beyaz only for a month I have already seen a dramatic improvement in my acne. I have been suffering with acne for over a year and this birth control seems to be working. I%u2019m so excited. Only other side effects I have are occasional migraines and fatigue. But I&#039;m hoping it will lessen as my body adjusts."
"So I&#039;ve been backed up for a good 2 weeks now,  I finally went to the doctor yesterday after trying home remedies, laxatives from the store, etc my pain had been horrible, I&#039;ve called out of work the past two days, I can barely move, they did an X-ray and I&#039;m full of gas pockets, not stool or poop just gas. They recommended me 3 bottles of this liquid magnesium citrate, 1 a day for the next 3 days. I did one last night yes I&#039;ve pooped just watery nothing normal but I&#039;m still in pain, so I sent my mom to the store today for gas x, lemons and charmemile tea, I&#039;m still in pain, so I&#039;m about to drink another bottle of this, can anyone relate? Should I go back to the doctor? Is this stuff gonna help the gas pockets? I just want to be over this"
"Been on Jantoven a number of years- no problem really. Have my INRs regularly every month. Usually between a 2-3 (as it should be). Would recommend."
"I used Accutane about 11 years ago after trying every pill and cream and going through 4 different dermatologists. I had the usual side effect (dry everything). I went 10 years with perfect skin, not even 1 pimple. It was amazing. Over the last year my skin started getting very oily again and the breakouts were getting bad. I went back to my dermatologist where she had me try a few other medicines first and then we both decided it was back to the Accutane.
  I am just finishing up my first month back on the Accutane and I cannot wait to get it over with! I apply Vaseline to my lips every 20-30 minutes...I keep moisturizer on me all the time and have blood in my nose almost every morning.....but I know the end result is worth it!!"
"I started on it during its study phase.  The only side effects are it makes me very tired. And it does take me longer to wake up.  I think it is an awesome medication."
"I was on 100mg of Zoloft a day for 6 years and suddenly my depression symptoms were coming back quickly.  When I spoke to my Doctor, she suggested Cymbalta or Abilify as a supplement to the Zoloft, but as I am uninsured, they were way too expensive. She suggested we try Celexa and I weaned off of the Zoloft while slowly increasing the dosage of the Celexa to 20mg.  So far, so good.  I actually wish I had been taking it all along, because I have more energy, have actually lost some of the weight I gained on Zoloft, and the sexual side effects are not nearly as bad as the Zoloft.  Everyone is different, but I highly recommend it."
"Have bad insomnia. Been on Ambien for 10 years now. I decreased my dose to only 3 mg about 5 years ago. All I need is to get to sleep. Anxiety prevents that. So Ambien works great for me. I have never had any bad effects at all with this drug. No after effects. Wake up refreshed. I have had instances where it doesn&#039;t work, if I am in a bad anxious state. But usually I take it right before bed. I don&#039;t delay at all because it is pretty fast working. Hope and pray there are no long term effects like Alzheimers. So far I have no memory problems. I am 74. I need sleep. It&#039;s that simple. Feel awful when I don&#039;t sleep. I do try not to take it every night. Go off for days in between. Try and go weeks if I can. So far that&#039;s working for me."
"I started Contrave in May, with the regular first month dosage.  I had some nausea, but found if it took it with lots of water and food, this would subside.  I also had some headaches, but that too went away with water.  I have been on the full strength drug now for 2 months and have lost 18 pounds.  I have learned to regulate the portions of my food and have to wait until my body tells me that I need to eat.  This is not miracle drug and works slow, but that is what I like, it is coming off and staying off.  I have not had to starve.  I feel like I am making good life choice changes and will continue.  Will report back later with more results!"
"The best OTC antihistamine. Relieves sneezing and that stuffy feeling in your nose. Doesn&#039;t seem to do much about the post-nasal drip or the coughing though. A bit of a stimulant for me, it makes me a bit energetic and hyper, even with just 5mg."
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for 4 months now. The first couple of days on week one I have a low grade headache but nothing tylenol cant fix. I found putting the patch on my shoulders on my back it gets way too itchy! So I put mine under my underwear line on my outside thigh and it doesnt itch near as bad. It sticks pretty well and by the time it looks like its about to fall off its time to put on the new patch anyway. I started my patch on Sunday and when its the week without it I know exactly when I will get my period and when it will end. It lasts about 6 days (only major downside for me because without birth control mine usually only lasts 3 days.) Cramps are a little worse but bearable and only happens the day before period and day of. No weight gain."
"Norco 10/325 has worked well for me. I started using Vicodin 500 mg, which I got immune to very quickly. My doctor switched me to Norco 500 mg. Also got immune to this. So they put me on Norco 10/325 and I haven&#039;t had any problems since then. They work wonderfully. I take them every 4 hours. That&#039;s been 2 years ago."
"Valtrex is the only way to go.  I have suffered with fever blisters as long as I can remember and they are just miserable.  I get them when I run fever, sunburn on my lips, or are really stressed.  Woke up with one this morning...I took Valtrex, and it will be gone by nightfall.  My son also has problems with fever blisters, but they break out underneath his eye.  Since he has been taking Valtrex, he has not had any problems.  I also had the Shingles vaccine, which has cut down on my fever blister outbreaks unbelievably.  I still get them, but usually as a result of illness.  This is the best medication to come out to fight the herpes virus, ever!"
"I had the paraguard for 7 years. I was 20 with no children. I&#039;m also forgetful and wanted a birth control that I didn&#039;t have to worry about taking every day like the pill.I tried the depo shot but gained too much weight. I had absolutely no problems except for the fact that it was very painful when inserted, I&#039;m sure that it had something to do with me not being pregnant before. But..... I became pregnant last September. Either my iud moved because I became pregnant or because it had moved beforehand, I&#039;m not sure. Either way I couldn&#039;t feel the string and didn&#039;t schedule annual exams so I believe this caused me to become pregnant. I urge everyone with an iud to make sure you check yourself once a month and schedule exams every year!!"
"So my Dr just gave me the weight loss pill 37.5 on 11/6/15 cause it&#039;s so hard for me to lose weight I&#039;m 30 years old and 5&#039;6 429lbs yes I know but  Anyways I also have edema so he gave me a water pill Laxis 20mg. Over the weekend I weighed myself when I went to get my blood drawn this morning and the scale said 402.2 I was in total shock but I know that was probably all of the water weight that was on my body but that was still good to me. With the weight loss pill with only being on it for 3 days now I have seen my energy increase rapidly and my appetite has gone down I have to make myself eat which is once a day and I&#039;ll have a snack but I haven&#039;t had a desired to eat any sweets or anything. I go back to the Dr on 11/20 pray for me"
"Did not work for me,the stomach nausea was to much as I already had severe nausea issues, there might have been initially feeling of energy,but it didnt seem to last.I took it for three weeks, not good enough to continue a drug like this."
"It really does work! I had been smoking for 10 yrs...and was at 2 packs a day. I took as prescribed, and was able to quit within the first week. Not wanting to spend anymore money on cigarettes/smoking cessation...I got to where I only took in the evening after dinner..as that&#039;s when I craved it the most. I never bought month 2 or 3. I was quit for 15 months. Due to relatives passing within a close period of time and a miscarriage..I went back to cigarettes. Bad decision! Will definitely get back on Chantix soon! Only side effect I had was the moodiness...but everyone coming off of cigarettes has mood swings...so no biggie. The online support journal really helped me as well!"
"47year old female 5ft 3&quot; 221.6lbs starting weight.  I  started Contrave on April 9th. This morning my weight is 210lbs. I do get the dry mouth, and I drink water which I never did. I still drink my diet soda.  It does seem to help me make better food choices, I eat slower, chew more, my portion size is 1/2 or less than what it was,  I don&#039;t get cravings. I have occasional mild feelings of nausea but I take a pepcid and it doesn&#039;t last long. I do feel more energy, and excited about the weight loss which is driving me to continue to eat right and watch my carb intake, and count calories. Something I never cared about. It is a lifestyle change. But I  have help with Contrave....I recommend you try it!!!!"
"Had paragard inserted May 2015 six weeks after the birth of my last child. I was breastfeeding so I had no symptoms at all that I had it in place at all until I introduced solid foods to my 6 month old. My period came back very painfully and with a vengeance! From Nov to Feb I have seriously bled every 10 days for 8-10 days in length. I pretty much only have 1 week of no bleeding per month as of right now. My bleeding is so heavy that I am changing my overnight pads every hour for days. Forget tampons! They cause too much pain in my abdomen and lower back . Just tonight as I was in line at CVS buying more pads for my 5th day of heavy flow, a lady pointed out that I had bled through my jeans (so embarrassing) 45 min after changing my pad."
"Abilify was fine at first, but it slowly increased my anxiety to the point where I felt like I was stuck in one long, never ending panic attack. I stopped Abilify two days ago and feel so much better."
"I guess I&#039;m in the group of people that had severe reaction to this medication. The doctor prescribed 100mg trazodone for my &quot;eyes wide open in bed throughout the night&quot; problem. I took caution for the first night and took half a pill or 50mg but after about half an hour my heart stared beating really fast and arrhythmic, my ears and forehead become really hot, etc. it took an hour, two glasses of cold water and trying to breath normally for it to pass. A horrible experience which I won&#039;t forget. Next day I went to my doc and yelled angrily that if I had taken full dose it could have killed me and his reaction was something like oops! seems like this med is not for you! 

Short version : my advice is to take a small dose at first ,if ok then increase "
"I have bi polar disorder and this  calms my mania and relaxes me. It reminds me  as well to just say calm  :)"
"Helps with my sleep. I wake up every morning feeling great. Sometimes make me very thirsty so I keep liquids around."
"71 year old female, 3rd colonoscopy.  First 2 with versed, no side effects.  This one, with propofol.  Went out like a light, no problems, but after the procedure they had a hard time waking me up, and my head, upper body, right arm were shaking, convulsing.  It seemed seizure-like, but nurses said it was not a seizure.  This continued for almost 2 hours.  They gave me versed to bring it under control.  The shaking continued.  Then they tried benadryl.  Finally about an hour after the benadryl the severe shaking began to subside.  So much for quick wake up and release.  I was in recovery for over 3 hours. The doctor tried to tell me it must be pre-parkinsons symptoms.  No way.  Couldn&#039;t sleep last night, and feel wired and shaky today."
"Could hardly walk and was in severe pain in both knee&#039;s. Had both knee&#039;s drained of fluid buildup and have been taking two 500mg. every day for the past two years (1 in am and 1 in pm) have not had and side effects to date."
"This medication worked within 2 or 3 days and now I am back to my normal happy self.
My depression journey: 
Depression started to show itself during year 9 of highschool, and continued to get worse until I finally reached 20 years old and decided it was time to get help. I started seeing a doctor who prescribed ssri sertraline, then went on to see a psychologist, then finally a psychiatrist. During this time I went through ZOLOFT 200mg, Celexa, Cymbalta and whilst Zoloft &quot;helped&quot; a little, it wasn&#039;t until I tried Mirtazapine (avanza, remeron) 15mg that I finally had a restful sleep, my appetite came back, and my smile came back, my self esteem and I suddenly realised I was back to Normal. And my libido returned! 
Keep going, never give up!"
"Before Phisohex could only be purchased by prescription, I used it regullarly for feminine hygenine. The product worked perfect, was long lasting, and I never had any side affects. I used Phisohex from 1966 until, much to my dismay, it was taken off my druggist over the counter  shelves and could only be purchased with a prescription. Would still be using it if I could. Wonderful solution!"
"I was diagnosed with a &quot;medium&#039; case of Tourettes Syndrome when I was seven years old. I&#039;m now 23, and in the times before I started Orap about 4 years ago I was on almost every single medication that can be used for Tourettes. In addition to the tics, I have severe anxiety/depression problems, so it complicates matters. I&#039;ve seen many psychiatrists, and they have all done their best, but in the end, it really came down to finding the right combination of drugs. The Orap is good. There is no cure for Tourettes, yet, but I have faith they will find it. I believe very strongly that medication is not the only way to treat it. Sleep, diet and exercise are all important.  But of all the tic medicines, Orap helps the most."
"I&#039;ve been on Saxenda for weight loss for one month today. I&#039;ve lost 14 pounds. I have very little appetite and feel satiated quickly. My cravings are gone. I average 1200 calories a day without ever feeling uncomfortably hungry. This is all a complete 180 for me. I exercise 5 times per week pretty intensely but did so before the medication. I did experience some of the gastro side effects but they were all manageable. I see no reason to not reach my goal of losing another 44 pounds, hopefully before the end of the year."
"I am now 36 years old  I had self dx myself with PCOS in Oct 2015 age 34.I have always had irregular periods what flagged me was the rapid weight gain, acne , no period for 3 mo,hair growth on my chin.At first I thought maybe I was pregnant I went to see my Dr explained all the issues and had a blood test and was negative although my testosterone levels were abnormally high mind you this is where the hair growth comes in. Just started seeing a new DR explained situation and I have started Metformin so far so good.Slight diarrhea for a day or two nothing big mind you the side effect is possible Gastro issues such as diarrhea. Out of all the reviews and talk with the Dr this is the best solution especially for someone wanting to conceive."
"I have been on this medicine less than 2 years....5mg, recently changed to 2.5mg per day.  I have had no side effects, feel great.  I do have more energy most likely because my blood pressure is where it is suppose to be.  I am a female in my early 50&#039;s &amp; this is my first experience with blood pressure meds."
"I got my implant in May 2016. 4 of 7 girls I work with have the Nexplanon. I was the last to decide to get mine. Two say it&#039;s perfect &amp; the other is having my same side effects. I&#039;ve enjoyed not having a period or super light spotting. It&#039;s working as far as not getting pregnant. I have not enjoyed the side effects one bit. Since May, I&#039;ve gained 20lbs, super emotional getting upset &amp; crying/angry for no real reason, and NEVER wanting to have sex. I&#039;ve been with the same amazing boyfriend for 3yrs. I&#039;ve never not wanted to have sex with him. I&#039;m a sexual person and I enjoy it. Now, I could care less if we have sex, we need to use lube, sex drive is gone. It&#039;s taken a toll on my relationship. For me, it&#039;s not worth it. It&#039;s coming out ASAP"
"Been taking this since initially hurting back in car accident 10 years ago, am now a senior citizen.  Sometimes works as well as vicodin pain pill. I love this product. Stops the back and leg muscle spasms. Hard to live without this product. Little to no side effects.

I take it in morning and at bedtime to prevent muscle spasms- it works for me

Besides bulged l4 and L5 discs in lower back, I have sciatica on right side, also  ddd, arthritis, restless leg syndrome(I take gabapentin for latter)

I tried flexeril, which made me feel like puking and drowsy.  when I changed Drs no thanks

Soma was too strong, could not function, slurred my words, could not walk, stand 

Seriously stopped the muscle spams in back, sides and legs

My insurance with Wellcare/Staywel"
"I&#039;ve been smoke free for almost 6 months now. i completed the 12 weeks course and I was so thankful since i didn&#039;t experience anything &quot;bad&quot; while taking champix. i was still thinking about smoking on my 3rd month but telling myself ive made that far and i dont want to ruin it. from the 4th month till today -- very seldom im thinking about smoking. thanks to champix for helping me to quit."
"I , too, had the constant itching and felt like something was crawling on me.  I used Gold Bond extreme moisture lotion which helped somewhat.  I gained 15 pounds in a matter of 2 weeks, shortness of breath on exertion, and confusion.  This was only my first injection and I am due for a second in 2 months but not sure I want to go this route again.  This is a monoclonal antibody not a drug and it affects the body differently than a drug.  There is no antidote for this if you have a reaction, so you are stuck with the problems for quite some time."
"Patches are really useful. I had tried quitting several times but it never worked. There wasn&#039;t a single day without smoke in my last 8 years. But it has been 4 days since I&#039;m on the patches now and I haven&#039;t even had a single cigarette. I&#039;m sure I&#039;ll not smoke again.
But I experienced a side effect, it causes joint pains, my left elbow starts paining if I put it on my left arm and same goes with right. But it&#039;s a very less price to pay to quit."
"This was honestly the worse experience with birth control. It does its job and doesn&#039;t get you pregnant but everything else is horrible! For starters I am a diabetic so healing  does not work so well for me. The hole the nexplanon first went into stayed open for a whole year to the point were I can see the actual nexplanon rod in my arm and sometimes this ugly pimple like bump from the rod trying to poke out. The side effects were also horrible, I would NOT stop spotting, I bled everyday and it is just gross. It even stopped my sex drive because I am so self conscious because I just keep bleeding. So after 2 years of hell. I&#039;m getting it out of my arm tomorrow and I am so excited."
"I take &quot;Xanax&quot; prescribed by my Doctor.
Not everyday though.
Sometimes.
For helping me sleep when my thoughts are going crazy and my imagination is wild.
It does help for sleep.
Addictive if you take it everyday."
"I have been using Nuvaring for 5 months now. I do love how convenient it is to not have to remember daily about it. It has however caused my libido to go down. I have not had any other side effects except for being a bit drier during sex than usual. It is also harder for me to orgasm; it takes a little more work than before. Other than that, it has been great at preventing a pregnancy."
"First I was on Simvastatin, then I had a Dr. change and he put me on Atorvastatin, my blood sugar levels went up for no reason, then I started having cramps, told the Dr. and he said just watch my diet. So I did, the cramps were almost every day and getting me very upset. So called the Dr. again. He finally told me to stop the meds for 14 days and then start again. The cramps went away until I started taking them again. Don&#039;t know what the Dr. will do next."
"I just got off depo and wanted implanon but they told me to take a &quot;three month break&quot; since I been on it so long. Anyways I have been taking taytulla for about three weeks. My breast are killing me. They feel like thy weight 100 pounds and are lumpy. Will update more once the shot leaves my body more and have been taking the pill longer. That&#039;s the only side effect that I am seeing so far."
"I used this medicine to kick major withdrawals from heavy pain killers. It took the edge off with Xanax. It doesn&#039;t work for pain though I can&#039;t imagine it working for anyone unless your pain is minimal."
"Tricare covered these pills for my wife. We found out that she should be taking DHA which is not provided in this pill. We payed for one that included DHA out of pocket because it was better for her and our son."
"Took this after having a sinus infection for four months, amoxicillin,  augmentin, zpacks, steroids,  nothing worked. Levaquin made me feel better within days, completely cleared the infection.  Did give me a swollen foot/ankle, but that cleared once I finished the antibiotic course.  I&#039;d rather wrap my foot for two weeks, than have a sinus infection for four months.  I don&#039;t think this is typically prescribed unless other antibiotics have failed. On it again for another stubborn sinus infection,  no tendon issues so far."
"Taste accurately described as salty cough syrup...best to chug it down if you can and then sip the water to get rid of the taste. A warm cup of tea helps too and also helps with the chills. Took first dose at 5PM and took about an hour to work...finished about 10PM but was up twice. Second dose this morning seems to be working about the same but just pretty clear at this point...procedure not until 12:30...so we&#039;ll see if it worked."
"It was pretty good overall.  It did make me feel very lethargic, I was very content to sit on the couch and stare at the wall or watch mindless tv."
"I have been taking reclipsen for almost a year now and I have barely any cramps except the day before my period starts and the first day. I used to get severe cramps to the point where I was in the hospital so this definitely helped with that. I dont see a change in my mood, weight, or sex drive but I did start to breakout a little on my forehead and chin which I never use to before this pill. Currently in the process of trying to find a different type of birth control to get rid of the forehead acne"
"*Update*  I&#039;m 5&#039;9, 29 yr, female, started at 266lbs. It&#039;s day 36, and I&#039;ve lost about 16 pounds.  The only thing I experienced was dry mouth within the first week. Since then that has subsided, but now my feet and hands are tingly. It&#039;s not severe but enough to be annoying. I still feel great. No other side effects. Since taking it, I&#039;m teaching myself to choose better foods and make smaller plates. Trying to establish good habits while it&#039;s easy to do so.  I haven&#039;t incorporated exercise in my routine yet, but I can&#039;t wait to see results when I do!  Still moving forward with it."
"I have been taking this medicine 24mcg once a day for a week now. Nothing has happened yet. I drink 1 to 2 quarts of water a day, on the fodmap diet, eat tofu, fresh fruits and fresh vegetables. Also eat a lot of chicken. I have had no luck so far. I have left 3 messages with my doctors nurse and no call backs yet. I feel bloated, full of gas and feel miserable. So I am stuck taking laxatives, Epson salt enema&#039;s or citrate mag (awful tasting stuff ever) then feeling sick all the next day with upset tummy and sitting on the throne off and on all day. I clean myself out about every 3 to 4 days because I feel miserable and sluggish and it starts all over again after cleaning myself out. I have had this IBS-C for about 20yrs now. It ruins my life!"
"I love it. It worked wonders like a magic pill. I highly recommend to any one. Thanks."
"Vicoprofen was prescribed to me after a Laparoscopy (removed ovarian cyst) I hardly felt anything at all.  I only need to take it about once every 12 hours.  Please eat first.  I was lightheaded and confused after taking it once on an empty stomach.  Also, don&#039;t drink alcohol.  My surgery was a few days before Thanksgiving and I had a glass of wine and felt sick to my stomach all night through the next day.  Never make that mistake again. Overall the medication was good. Like I said, I felt nothing after taking the pill."
"I&#039;ve been using Vicoprofen for more than 3 years. I take 3 per day for the pain of fibromyalgia and also lingering pain from having had the kneecap dislocated due to a fall. Most of the time I take it on an empty stomach with no problem. Also, I&#039;ve never had a weight gain because of it or constipation. I have normal daily bowel movements. I can function at a higher than normal level. No problems for me taking Vicoprofen."
"A very pleasant experience, some strange sensations but they were expected.  Got the injection December 21, 2016 @ my Ortho&#039;s office.  Very happy.  Used a recumbent bike today at the gym the first time in 6 months without my unloader brace."
"I started taking this med about 4 wks ago when my dr gave me samples. I decided to start out with half a pill. And it worked within hours. For years I would maybe have one bm a wk. if I was lucky. So I thought this med was the answer to my problems. I would only take it every few days and was still having a bm daily. My dr decided my dose of pain meds was to high even though I&#039;ve been taking that dose for 7 yrs. I ran out of samples 3 wks  ago and insurance won&#039;t pay so even though I haven&#039;t taken it for weeks I&#039;m still having diarrhea daily. I&#039;m not sure if it could possibly be from the movantik still or because my pain meds have been cut back. Either  way I&#039;m miserable and wonder if anyone has had side effects weeks after discontinuing?"
"I am a 66yr female, been off work for 6 weeks with post viral syndrome, then this horrid anxiety kicked in. My GP started me on sertraline 50gms, I was very concerned about taking them, as I am very sensitive to tablets, but if they were going to help matters decided to try ! I take mine last thing at night, had none of the side effects mentioned, none at all, so fingers crossed they will help, I have been on them now nearly 2 weeks."
"I am 18 years old and just graduated high school, all of my life I have had issues with going to school and getting things done. Always had great grades the first months of the school year then they would drop to C&#039;s, D&#039;s or failing. I was put on Vyvanse 1 day before my 18th birthday and it completely changed my life. Not only am I a much happier person, but I actually take interest in things and like finishing things I start! I have noticed some weight loss, but my appetite is and always will be still there. I&#039;d really love to thank whoever discovered the wonderful prescription Vyvanse!"
"It helps a lot for getting to sleep, not so much for staying asleep past 6 hours."
"i have been on and off Xanax since its release in the &#039;80&#039;s.  Two years I attempted to wean myself off.  My reasoning was that 0.25mg twice a day was too much and I was still panicking.  After 3 days I had a full panic attack.  Took 1/2 of a Xanax and called my M.D. He said that he did not know what to do. I called a psych.  I continued on the o.25 mg twice a day.  I continued to be panicking and paranoid.  He placed on Xanax 0.5mg XR in morning and 1mg XR at bedtime.  I feel so much better.  I continue to worry about withdrawals, but having to take two pills a day is no big deal if you have ever had an attack.  I also did not try to hide the fact from people I thought who would find me flawed for taking Xanax. This was freeing."
"I have JME ( juvenile myclonic epilepsy). My neurologist switched me from lamictal to fycompa. My husband and I were told fycompa was best for my JME. Within 2 weeks my personality changed. I got all the side effects. I have never been in trouble but ended up doing 75   hours in jail cause of it. Luckily I got a doctor who took me off it ASAP and on depakote. I had used depakote about 20 years ago. My husband still loves me and things are getting back on track for us. Like the previous reviewer stated their relationship is shaky due to the drug. I hate fycompa."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena for three years.  It&#039;s convenient to not have to remember or worry about taking a pill regularly (and NuvaRing didn&#039;t work for me).  In the last few months I&#039;ve had cramping, spotting, relentless acne and worsening depression that I can&#039;t contribute to anything else.  So ready to be done with this - I&#039;m calling my doctor tomorrow to make an appointment to get it removed. "
"It was 5am in the morning  when I first  started  with the symptoms. My prescription for macrobid  was ready by 9:30am . I took my first dose by 10am. By about 1pm I was able  to fall  asleep since the pain and urgency to run to the bathroom  subsided.   Thank goodness"
"I have had moderate acne on my T-zone for about 4 years and my doctor prescribed me Epiduo about 3 months ago. For the first two weeks, I had an initial breakout but the pimples went away quicker than usual. Epiduo definitely makes your skin very sensitive for the first month or so and it made my skin burn and itch for the first month or two. Now, I can apply Epiduo without any side effects and my skin isn&#039;t as sensitive. Epiduo definitely cleared my skin and acne marks but I still get the occasional zit. I had tried a lot of over the counter acne washes and home remedies but Epiduo is the only thing to work on my face. Definitely worth it!"
"This med has let me finally get a good nights sleep.I&#039;m taking 50 mg every night.It&#039;s been a long road for me I&#039;ve multi-fractured all 12 of my thoracic vertebrae and ripped out a plate in my left arm (from a previous car accident)and had a total left shoulder replacement because I had a seizure in my sleep.The pain meds I&#039;m on know are the 100 mcg fentanyl patch,and dillauded along with Keppra ,vimpat,klonopin and celexa.With all those meds I had a hard time trying to sleep now I don&#039;t."
"Was feeling pain in my back under right shoulder blade for about a week. The pain meds I&#039;m on for chronic back pain didn&#039;t even help. Stepping into the shower I noticed a rash and knew what I had... Shingles at 53&mdash;and no stress in my life. Never had chickenpox either. 

Called doctor next morning and given script. Took first two doses day after rash/blisters appeared. Been on for 48 hours (eight doses) and rash hasn&#039;t spread, but itching and mild pain persist. I could not imagine the pain I&#039;d have had if I hadn&#039;t  been taking Norco, cymbalta, and robaxin already. Fingers crossed this continues to rapidly get better."
"I have nothing good to say about this drug, zero. After doing some reading, it said that depakote normally is recommended in doses up to 1000 mg a day. I was taking 3000 mg a day for 20 years. My whole life was turned upside down by it. It affected my life in so many ways. First of all, at the dose I was taking, it had so many negative side effects, it was amazing I made it through college and graduated. The side effects at the dose I was taking were very severe. The side effects were depression, weight gain, foot drop, stuttering, tremor, and kept you in a constant haze. I had all these  exponentially worse than people who take smaller doses. This was the worst drug imaginable and should be banned by the FDA."
"I am 20 years old and started taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen when I was 17. I have always been thin, and at the time of taking the pill I was 5&#039;8 130 pounds. My entire life I have been active and very in to healthy eating. A couple months in to Ortho Tri-Cyclen I noticed that I had been gaining weight, around 7-10 pounds even though my diet and excercise routine had not changed AT ALL. This caused me to workout even harder and clean up my diet even more, however the weight continued to pile on. I graduated high school and went off to college already 15 pounds heavier than I had been in highschool. I promised myself that I would lose the weight by Christmas break of my freshman fall semester. This did NOT happen. "
"Epiduo is honestly the best. I was discouraged the first few months due to my face breaking out worse, having senstive, red, dry patchy skin but it is worth it. The clarity of my skin after using this is refreshing I&#039;m 20 and I&#039;ve been using it since I was 18. Currently I just use it for spot treatment whenever I have mini break outs!"
"This is the one medication I can rely on to clear up my conjunctivitis.  It is fast and effective."
"Hi Jen.1
I was on primidone @750mg/day. But after a few months I got pain in my arms around the bicep. 8 months later this  has turned into two frozen shoulders and other joint stiffness. So please be aware. I have been off primidone for 2 months now and I am still struggling to work around the pain in my shoulder and other joints."
"Umm never again. One squirt - 5 mins later my vision was blurry, my heart was racing, my arms and legs felt like jello and 30 mins later I was having body aches all over the place like I had the flu. Will NOT be taking this medication ever again"
"Doryx is the only medicine that can clear up my Rosacea outbreaks now.  Oracea can help a little bit, but my problem areas keep reappearing when I&#039;m on that pill. (The facial creams used to work on me when I was younger, but once I became diabetic, the creams did not help)."
"The first 6 months were amazing! No period, and only minor cramps when I exercised vigorously. Then I noticed my hair started thinning out and I was getting really bad acne. I finally got it taken out a little after having it for a year and am still having acne problems, and my hair still seems to be falling out. Hopefully it doesn&#039;t take long to get back to normal"
"I&#039;ve smoked from age 17 to 33. I&#039;ve tried the gum, cold turkey, exercising and eating right to stop the cravings. After a friend told me about her experience I had to try it myself. I&#039;ve been on welbutrin for 10 days and I feel amazing! I&#039;ve had mild side effects such as insomnia the first 3 days and a few weird dreams...but after the 5 day I felt like a new person. I have no craving to smoke and my anxiety level to smoke during a stressful situation is tolerable. I recommend this to those who need help with quitting smoking."
"I have depressive bipolar 2 which never is a huge issue until there&#039;s less Sun due to it combining with my seasonal mood disorder to send me over the edge. I started taking lithium in January and I recently have just stopped (July) so about 7 solid months or so. Granted this worked great I felt more clear headed the first couple months except it messed my stomach up horrible in combination with my irritable bowel syndrome. Plus my periods turned brown and would be two weeks late every time which is horrible nerve wrecking. My hormones completely lost it and still have  yet to go back to normal. Granted I&#039;m only 18 and I could be growing once more and I&#039;ve changed my acne routines but my acne completely changed making my skin."
"This is the only birth control that I have used and it was recommended to me by a friend. I have been on it for over two years now and have had virtually no side effects at all. During my first month on it I spotted almost everyday, but after that I did not have a single issue with this pill. My periods are extremely light to the point where I have not even needed a pad or tampon in two years. I have not experienced any acne, mood swings, weight gain, or libido changes whatsoever."
"I started with the 2.5 mg dose and neurologist increased it to 5mg due to the severity of my migraines.  This medicine makes me itch horribly.  I drove my son nuts last night, making him check my bed every few minutes because I just knew there were bugs crawling on me.  I haven&#039;t stopped scratching, I probably look like I have scabies or something.  I need to find out if I can take a benedryl with this.  Also, I&#039;m on the fence about this medicine as it doesn&#039;t always work for me."
"Controls my blood pressure but gives me stomach pain. Used to take 160 MG, had pain now I take 320/12.5 and I have terrible pains in my center and upper stomach. I am asking the doctor to try another pill. Can&#039;tr take it any more!"
"I had my Kyleena inserted today. I read almost all the reviews on this site and feared the worst. My Dr waited to insert until I had my period. Kind of mortifying, but apparently the cervix is easier to open when you have your period.
All in all, it took maybe a minute for the entire process. The pain was bearable. I&#039;d say it was more uncomfortable than painful. I read everyone&#039;s experiences on here expecting it to be awful and before I knew it, the Dr told me &quot;ok the worst is over.&quot; I didn&#039;t realize it was over and it already happened! So far I&#039;ve had some cramping but nothing a heating pad and glass of wine couldn&#039;t fix. If anything changes, I will update this post - but so far so good."
"I&rsquo;ve been on chateal for almost 6 months and I love it so far, it cleared up my acne so now I can go out without makeup, I didn&rsquo;t really gain weight but I haven&rsquo;t been losing but it&rsquo;s okay, my periods are exactly 28 days apart, my periods are light and cramps are like non existent, and best part I&rsquo;m not pregnant! The only thing I do agree on my sex drive isn&rsquo;t like before tho lol"
"this product is absolutely not for me. I used a few times, felt faint, sleepy, after using my face was never hotter and worse. Will talk to my doctor tomorrow."
"I&#039;m 21 years old and I have suffered with acne since I was 16. I would get cysitc type acne all over my cheeks, chin, and forehead. I&#039;ve been through countless medications to get rid of my acne including antibiotics, topical treatments, and birth control, etc etc. Most of these would only temporarily solve my problem, or not give me any results at all. I felt as though I was out of options and there would never be a cure for me. I talked to my cousin who is a pharmacist and she recommended spironolactone. I&#039;ve only been on 25mg for a couple weeks but I am already seeing amazing results! I&#039;m almost certain this may be my breakthrough. I only wish I had known of this medication sooner."
"I have just started on Serzone (Nefazodone) after reading up on it. I have tried so many other SSRI&#039;s that did not work so I am hoping that this class of drug will. I wish people wouldn&#039;t worry about the the liver issue. Depakote and Cymbalta both have the same risk but they haven&#039;t been pulled off the market due to the bad rap. I decided to try Serzone regardless of the liver issue. I will have my liver checked at least every 6 months and if it becomes abnormal, I will stop taking Serzone. No big deal. It is as simple as that. But I read that the risk is only about 1 in 250,000. I will take those odds if this drug really helps me. So far I feel drowsy but I can live with that. The alternative is debilitating fatigue and horrible negativity."
"This is really something for someone with a more severe yeast infection.  Mine was absolutely unbearable.  I was horribly swollen and irritated because of the amount of yeast.  This was following a round of antibiotics for a UTI after a horrible GI infection (I was not having a very good week downstairs).  If you have a milder yeast infection go with a monistat 7.  The ovule is packed with very aggressive antifungal compounds and unless you have an equally aggressive infection I&#039;d downgrade.  I did use the ovule at night because of my past experience with other antifungal creams (always use them in the evening).  I did wake up with dripping but after I used the restroom several time it helped clean out residual yeast and fungicide."
"Still had a fever and active culture after three days of use. I&#039;m a microbiologist and after doing susciptibilty testing on this drug, streptococcus was, in fact, resistant to it."
"I just had Skyla placed today &amp; it wasn&#039;t NEARLY as bad as I thought it would be. I am 24 years old, never been pregnant. Skyla seemed like the right option for me because I&#039;m a busy student &amp; it doesn&#039;t require remembering to take a pill every 24hrs. The whole procedure took maybe 5 minutes &amp; was very similar to getting a pap-smear.  It was way less pain then my periods are. I usually have moderate cramping with periods, but this was just slight cramping in my lower abdomen &amp; only lasted for about 1 1/2 minutes of the procedure. It was quick &amp; easy. I did take 3 pills of ibuprofen an hr before going to my appointment so that probably helped a bit. It&#039;s been about 6hrs &amp; I haven&#039;t had any spotting yet or cramping. Would definatly recommend!"
"There are a lot of negative reviews about this medicine and it&#039;s side effects, and that makes a lot of people beginning the medicine, including myself, freak out. The people having a positive experience with Lexapro are out living life. Don&#039;t be discouraged. For me, Lexapro started working in the second week, but would work on and off for the first month. I started at 5mg and slowly went up to 15. I&#039;m on week 5 and it hasn&#039;t done much for my anxiety (yet) but it has helped my moods tremendously. For the first month I had muscle aches and headaches, and I was really tired and unmotivated. That went away in week 4 and I&#039;m feeling better than I have felt in two years."
"I&#039;m 22 years old and have some hormonal acne thats often cystic and painful. I went to the dermatologist and she recommended Finacea and doxycycline (for the first two months until Finacea became more effective) I didn&#039;t have horrible acne to begin with but it was just annoying huge ones that would spur up from time to time maybe two or three at a time. Once I started Finacea I got little pimples along with cystic ones on my jaw line and chin area (where I had them before) but now I was also getting pimples on my cheeks and forehead. I am wondering if Finacea makes acne worse before it gets better or if anyone else has found a solution for this/had this experience"
"Following my surgery, I was given Oxycodone instead of Percocet &quot;to protect my liver &quot;.  Oxycodone had an immediate effect that lasted just 30 minutes, and then the pain returned each time. What was worse is the psychotropic effect of this drug on me. While taking Oxycodone for 4 days, I was depressed, restless and constantly brooding about the ills and suicides of others.  Oxycodone was very bad for me, and it&#039;s psychotropic and near-hallucinatory components must be exposed. I switched to Tylenol with Codeine and felt back to myself the following morning."
"I like it. I didn&#039;t notice side effects like the other medicines I tried."
"I was switched from Xanax to Klonopin for anxiety by my doc because the Xanax was just making me feel ill and nauseated.  The Klonopin is doing the same thing.  I feel even more lethargic, weak, nauseated and tired during the day.  The initial prescription is .25 per nite before bed.  Since I wake up with the anxiety each morning, my doc agreed I could take it in the morning.  On Mother&#039;s Day I had to take 2 pills and still didn&#039;t calm me down...for no reason!  I had a great day planned and still had anxiety.  I think after all these rave reviews I&#039;ll try it before bed again and see what happens in the morning.  I just want to feel GOOD again!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for about three months and have gained about 10 pounds. I have no sex drive and I&#039;m so moody the week before my period. I&#039;m going to switch ASAP."
"Amazing results bladder wise. No more rushing to the toilet for fear of wetting. Dry throat for the first two months but better now. Worst problem is uncontrollable weight gain. This is frustrating as I have a heathy diet. My doctor doesn&#039;t seem to offer any help."
"used these drops on face for redness once, at first I thought this stuff is miraculous, hadn&#039;t seen my skin looking so normal in years but of course it was too goo to be true.  It wore off the next day and face is now redder than it was to begin with. Also feels burning/hot, and redness where there wasn&#039;t any before and slighltly puffy/swollen. Will not be using this again"
"Have been on this pill for 5 years. Never had any problems with it , never experienced the side effects . Not even the good ones like my skin clearing up :/ but this pill is highly recommended and I would keep taking it."
"So I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and am taking welbutrin however it wasn&#039;t doing enough so I requested to try a stimulant, specifically this one since the ratings are so high and predominately positive. Within minutes of taking 10mg the anxiety was... just wayy too much. I also didn&#039;t really know how to feel or what to do. It did help me with focusing...better than almost anything else I&#039;ve tried. Then after that I went away about a half an hour later I started to feel better after I ate something. The remainder of the day I was so tired I just layed in bed. It works don&#039;t get me wrong but I just cant put my faith in an addictive/phisically dependant med. I stopped taking it. Gonna try strattera next"
"Got skyla inserted  on Nov 19 and have been in intense pain along with the worst cramps I&#039;ve ever felt in my life ever since. Going on day 4 and have had no relief. Motrin 800 MG will not touch this pain . This actual insertion is terriblly painful and this pain is ridiculous . Will keep you in the bed for days or even months ! Choose wisely when looking at BC ."
"I have been on Phentermine for 4 weeks exactly. I have 80 pounds to lose.To date I have lost 23 pounds. I also follow a low carb Paleo eating plan.1200 calories and around 50 grams of carbs per day.I also workout daily doing cardio,for me this is more effective than walking.I have no side effects."
"This Medication is good.  Feel so good that I do not feel the need to eat emotionally.  I care about myself again and I feel no need to eat poorly.  The only problem I am having is the side effects of being super itchy and I do get constipated."
"I have been on this medication for 4 years now.  There has been a 20 pound weight gain, so far.  My GP is always after me about the weight gain however I would rather be fat and happy then suffering from the pain it used to cause. I also take methadone as a pain killer.  The sad part to the Lyrica is the price."
"This birth control made me break out so much because of its low estrogen to high androgen ratio. I was also very moody and irritable. I was told to wait for my body to get used to it but I ended up giving up around the 4 month mark. I switched to ortho tricyclen because it has a higher estrogen to lower androgen ration."
"I started taking this pill when I was 17. Before starting it I researched it only to read really exhausting reviews. However, I still took the pill. It brought on no side effects (didn&#039;t get my period first month). I felt good on it no weight gain or acne! Very pleasuring period (who would&#039;ve thought)! After a year of taking them my insurance decided not to cover them so I had to switch. Four months later I am 13lbs heavier and my face is full if acne. I am going to stop this birth control and I am willing to pay for Loestrin out of pocket for my own health."
"I have tried everything, Imitex you name it but I always come back to Fioricet so I&#039;m sticking with itl It works wonders I love it."
"Helps my anxiety tremendously!"
"Started with 25mg in 1987, increased to 100mg recently. Overall not that much different than the others, gained a lot of weight as with Neurontin, but it did help sleep and mood issues."
"My cancerous prostate was removed when I was 65, 6 years ago. I receive a 22.5 mg Lupron injection about every 3 months. My PSA decreases each time from about 2 to undectable. The injection area is sore for 2-3 days after each injection. I have perhaps a dozen relatively minor hot flashes daily.  I take 4 venlafaxine hcl 75 mg tablets daily to curtail hot flashes."
"This works. Gained a lot of weight. Made me sleepy. I took it at night still couldn&#039;t wake up In the morning.  Had mouth sores. Coming off it was miserable to say the least."
"I had to start at 5 mg and work my way up because I&#039;m a baby, but I definitely feel better and oddly enough, my headaches have improved after 20 years. I don&#039;t feel any different, I&#039;m just worrying less and not feeling the physical symptoms of anxiety. It still comes and goes a small bit, but it&#039;s WAY better!"
"Yes everyone&#039;s body is different but while taking the Microgestrin pill I had a lighter period which was a plus but I also felt really nausea at times, tender boobs, bloating, weight gain, and a very low sex drive which was the main reason I stopped taking it."
"I was worried this would not work for me since I was not really that overweight (6&#039;2-206).  I began working out 5 times a week and was losing weight but only a very small amount and I was hitting a wall.  Once I began using Victoza and continuing my workout routine the weight just started shedding right off.  This was everything I always dreamed of.  You will lose some weight just by taking this but if you include it with working out wow! Also it does curve your appetite but I have noticed you can eat healthier things without feeling ill. It seems that high sugar and fats are the ones that I get turned off too which is just an added bonus. 1 month into it and I am now 186lbs so I have lost 20 pounds and feel and look great!"
"Well its only my second month almost third and my experience has been very well until I randomly got my period and since then have been spotting since then. I get cramps randomly in class and have discharge in my underwear. I don&#039;t recommend this pill. I think its awful"
"Lamotrigine has reduced the severity, migraines and nausea associated with my partial seizures by 95%.

The frequency of my seizures has dropped to once every 30 days roughly, but the events are still disruptive, but not overly so."
"Lexapro was a life saver for me. I have really bad TMJ and was in pain daily. The lexapro really helped me calm down and my symptoms went away within a few months! This was my first time taking any medication like this, and to be honest I was so embarrassed to be on it, but after I saw how much it helped me and others there is nothing to be ashamed of!! The only bad thing is I gained 10Lbs. I went from 123Lbs to 133Lbs in a matter of 5 months. (Still worked out 5 days a week and ate clean) Other than the weight gain I would highly recommend Lexapro."
"Sorry I got the shot and have been excessive bleeding for the past month and a half I&#039;m not happy about it guess it keeps me from getting pregnant because I can&#039;t have sex"
"Just for you people who do not believe this works or is having second thoughts. I have taken this pill twice. One was back in April and one was last month. The pill worked both times. The first time I took it, My body reacted by having me bleed for about a week before my period and my period was regular. The second time there was no blood and I got my period 2 days earlier than usual. This pill has helped me a lot and now I&#039;m now about to buy another pill and so hopefully it works again ! Wish me luck !"
"I have a bad UTI and was doubled over in severe pain.  After the first pill of Cipro (500 mills), the pain has lessened dramatically.  I&#039;m shocked it worked so quickly! However, all antibiotics make me nauseous and fatigued, but I&#039;ll take that over severe pain."
"I had endometriosis and adenomyosis and suffered from severe pains and heavy bleeding. I used to end up in the hospital because the pains were unbearable. They used to give me morphine and other strong painkillers. I was advised to have hysterectomy but I had decided to try Zoladex. After 2  injections within 3 months, my period became painless and the bleeding became lighter. 
I haven&#039;t been to the hospital for period problems for nearly 2 years now and the lump in my uterus ( adenomyosis) which I could feel on my lower stomach disappeared. I would like to share this because Zoladex really helped me and cured me and have avoided to have hysterectomy."
"So i wrote a review on this drug the other day complaining about my body aches and how awful I felt thought it was the Truliclity making me feel sick turned out I had pneumonia luckily I went to see a doctor and he  prescribed me antibiotics I am recovering and feel fine. Took my second injection on Saturday and honesty I have no side effects yet from the drug. I feel fine I don&#039;t have much appetite as before but that&#039;s ok because I want to eat less anyways. My blood sugars been pretty good around 100 to 130 most of the time. Fasting today was 102. So far so good hopefully I will lose some weight I started Humalog about a year ago and I&#039;ve gained about 15 to 20 lbs from that. I was scared to try it because of the side effects."
"Yesterday I had a conisation using profopol to make me sleep. It was the first time I did general anesthesia and I was literally freaking out to get it first time because of the side effects etc. plus, I have asthma, few allergies. 
Everything went super well, I felt asleep immediately, just felt one second of burning in my veins and slept. Woke up with no nausea, no headache, nothing."
"I was deeply depressed. I slept a lot, I lost interest in work (and I am self-employed). I suffered from chronic procrastination, lost many clients and went to trouble with my bank, an awful period. I tried SSRIs like sertraline and Lexapro but it didn&#039;t help me rise up and boost my motivation. Since I have discovered after 50 years that I am also suffering from ADD. I read about Wellbutrin. I tried 150 mg with no significant change for a month, and then, switch to 300 mg. What a change! I am full of energy, focused, full of self confidence, working full hours, and enjoy writing. "
"I&#039;m an active 21 year old who was looking for four periods a year. While I was warned about breakthrough bleeding and spotting between periods, I was not warned that it was possible to have nonstop periods. I&#039;m on my first pack about to finish my last week and my period began after the first month of Seasonique. Plus I broke out more than I ever have on any other type of birth control (Nuvaring, Ortho Tri Cyclen). My doctor informed me she doesn&#039;t put young women on this pill. I wish my doctor at school was the same way."
"Have recently started back on QVAR after having stopped due to gastritis which was probably  caused by beta-blocker/aspirin and 2bd blood thinner, for my heart attack which turned out not to be one in the first instance but remained on these meds for months until MRI confirmed otherwise - myocarditis.
Respiratory specialist states 60% fine mist particles lodge in the lungs with QVAR, the other 40% probably into my gut which is causing me nausea plus headaches and fungal infected fingers (2).   Am back to trying an evening one single dose through spacer, rinsing mouth and hoping I my body will adapt to these side effects.    Has anyone got any suggestions or thoughts?  I&#039;m immune suppressed with PMR 18+ months on steroids, now tapering."
"Wow. Doc gave me 5mg to be taken daily. Took it for one month - a month that shall live in infamy. Extreme eye pressure, dizziness, affected my gait while walking, and I&#039;ve never been so tired in my life. I&#039;m a 63 year old athlete who cross country skis, skates, and roller skis. I knew something was drastically wrong and stopped it cold turkey. Within 24 hours I had no dizziness, my energy was better. By day 2, no pressure behind the eyes. I&#039;m sure experiences vary depending on your body chemistry, but this stuff was killing me a day at a time. Hope your experience is better than mine, but I&#039;d encourage you to listen to your body."
"I&#039;ve never written a review before but from the use of Epiduo and two other medicines (tretinoin and minocyclene) my cysts have been brought to white heads over night. I&#039;m only on my 4th day of using this so I&#039;m probabaly in the purging stage, but I&#039;m so happy they aren&#039;t deep cysts anymore. I also have a problem with scabs all over my face and with the slight drying this medicine causes the scabs peel off so easily and don&#039;t leave a mark.  I haven&#039;t experienced any of the burning people talk about but my skin has gotten flaky. Hopefully it keeps getting better!"
"I had a colonoscopy/egd done twice, the first time they used versed/Demerol.  I had a bad reaction to the Demerol.  Then I had another egd done this morning and was extremely anxious.  The doctor gave me propofol, and all I remember was me asking him if he put the meds in my iv yet and him saying ya.....before he could finish I was out and the next thing I remember was waking up in the recovery room feeling a bit loopy, but no side effects.  I asked my wife later when we got home if they even put the scope in me.  It was a very pleasant experience and one I would get done again if I had the same docs."
"it is just a magic. it takes you back to the time you had never smoked..."
"There are a lot of nausea experiences out there with Latuda. I am trying to post my findings everywhere.  I have run a controlled experiment over the course of 4 months to see what I could do about the nausea.  Ever read the entire black label sheet that comes with the this?  I have.  It&#039;s incredibly intense.  One thing to keep in mind is what sorts of foods and drinks (and herbs) interact with the CYP3A4 enzyme that processes the medicine.  If you are eating things that do, you could be in for the spins or insomnia or worse.  Another thing is that you must eat 350 calories with Latuda.  Take the dose no earlier than 30 minutes after you eat, and you will feel much better for it.  "
"I&#039;ve always had acne, ever since puberty started!! I broke out really badly at the start of this year probably because I went on a &quot;TRY EVERYTHING&quot; rampage and destroyed my own skin:( but yea it was one of the lowest points for me in terms of my self-esteem and confidence. I really hated looking at myself and I was so depressed. Anyway I was prescribed Differin by my dermatologist.  Alas, after many painful months of breaking out, my skin slowly but surely cleared up. I would say, the initial months were VERY TOUGH but don&#039;t give up! BE PATIENT and you will see your skin transform! Give if at least 3 months"
"I&#039;ve only been on this medication for 2 weeks now but it has changed my life. I have lived with chronic migraines since my entire life..since I was 18 months old. I have lived with daily headaches and almost daily migraines for the past 10 years and it has taken over my life. Since starting Topamax, I have had 2-3 manageable headaches and I have my life back! It has even taken away chronic fibromyalgia and arthritis pain, given me back my ability to sleep soundly for hours at a time, and has gotten me out of a daily triptan habit that almost caused a stroke a few weeks ago. The side effects (brain fog, drowsiness, etc) are nothing new for me given I have fibromyalgia. A life without pain is worth it to me! What a miracle!!"
"I have ALL Phil+, my Dr put me on Sprycel after my bone marrow (stem cell) transplant as a precautionary measure. Initially I suffered the side effects, mainly pleural edema but different from others, I had a drainage done (through my back) which seemed to cure it immediately. I stayed off the Sprycel for 1 week then went back on it at a lower dosage (40mg once a day). I have grittiness of the eyes (eyes are not dry, they tear alot infact), a little edema in the legs and feet. I don&#039;t really have anything bad to say about Sprycel, I have nothing to compare it to. I&#039;m alive though. Should be cured in another year. I also am on the study where this drug is provided no cost."
"I was pretty freaked out from all the reviews but for me it wasn&#039;t awful. I eat healthy and am regular before this so I think that helped. 

The taste is not great but I swallowed the 16 oz in two large gulps. It slightly reminded me of cough syrup with a bad after taste but I did not vomit or have any issues. 

I drank the two glasses of water within a half an hour and it started to work in an hour. 

It wasn&#039;t explosive for me just like I had diarrhea so it was doing it&#039;s job. I obviously knew this so stayed home. 

I took it at 5 and was cleared out by 10 and went to bed with no issues. 

Got up and repeated and about to go for a colonoscopy. 

So to anyone who is taking it for me it wasn&#039;t bad so don&#039;t assume it will be awful."
"I have taken Librax for 17 years and it worked better than anything I had tried. I just found out Medicare formulary does not include it.  I am learning why I started taking it years ago-  my IBS is back at full strength!  I did flunk a drug test once when the MRO refused to accept the prescription as the cause.  He said it was not the correct Benzodiazepine, but it was.  A different doctor overrode his decision."
"This medication was a God sent! I am 49 had no idea I had hashimoto til I went to endro dr. and begged him to put me on hormone replacement therapy because I felt aweful all the time. He saw  warning signs on a previous bloods test I took with me on my first visit, had more test done and there it was. He started me on 25 mg, then over time increased it to 50, 75 and now I am on 88 the past 2 weeks. All this happened in about a 7 month period. My life has completely changed, no more PMS, no more hormone fluctuations, much easier to loose weight and I don&#039;t yo yo all the time, better mood, more energy, overall a much better quality life. I have struggled for almost 30 years and no more. No side effects, maybe low libido, reduced sex drive."
"Was very happy when generic sevelamer came out and it has helped keep me stable at stage 3. Now generic has been withdrawn and only renvela can be obtained but at much greater cost.  I feel trapped having to take renvela or risk further kidney damage.  Thanks FDA for helping manufacturer gouge me for more money!"
"I have tried this drug 2 separate times in a 6 month period and it did not help. It made me extremely tired for the entire time. I had a very active 2 year old at the time. It would be better prescribed as a sleeping or calming pill but I suppose it depends on the individual needs."
"Now been using for 2 months, 24 injections into treatment.
I&#039;ve found that if not careful with the injection site ,it can cause pain for up to an hour and a less than satisfactory result.
HOWEVER, pay close attention and inject as instructed. If not deep enough it can be painful and cause bruising. I found that 3 o&#039;clock and 9 o&#039;clock and close to base of penis works flawlessly.  I still praise this med. Works great!"
"This medication made me very aggresive, hostile and just plain angry.  This is after only taking it for a week and a half too."
"I&#039;ve been taking Chateal for almost 6 months and it&#039;s been pretty great. I&#039;ve had no complications or side effects. I take it within a two hour frame every morning and my period comes on schedule every month. Other birth control I&#039;ve taken gave me breakthrough bleeding for 2+ weeks but Chateal keeps me regular."
"My NP put me on a regime of Flagyl 500mg twice a day for 7 days for urinary symptoms I was having although my cultures were negative. I followed the regime for 5 days before finally stopping. My side effects were severe and had me ready to go to the ER. Stomach and pelvic cramping, continual discharge, complete loss of appetite, extreme nausea when attempting to force myself to eat solid food and general nausea when not eating. I felt extremely fatigued, emotional and anxious. I was on the verge of several full blown panic attacks at work. 
I&#039;m not sure if my symptoms are taken care of by Flagyl because the side effects are so much worse. Day 2 off of the drug and having the most severe side effects yet."
"I was on the pill for 5 years. The first 4 years were good - lighter periods, face was clear, not super hormonal for the most part. However, at the end of the 4th year, things started to get bad! 

I was breaking out like crazy! I have never had cystic acne but sure enough with this pill, I was getting them. And not just one or two, I&#039;d have like 5 on my face all the time. They were mostly on my cheeks and chin. They were big, red and very painful. At first, I wasn&#039;t sure if it was the pill causing the acne so I continued taking it. Months later, I stopped and now my face has finally cleared up. 

I wouldn&#039;t recommend this pill to anyone! Stay clear away if you want clear skin!!"
"I am 41 with Crohn&#039;s disease causing my lack of vitamin absorb. I had my monthly entyvio infusion and right after my first reclast infusion just yesterday.  I was just fine until about 5 hours after when I started having diarrhea. It later turned into severe watery diarrhea shooting out into my Ostomy, chills, sweating, fever, aches, and weakness. I was told it may happen but was hoping not to me. If this helps me a few days of this is worth it and I will do it again. Like on Harry Potter &quot;growing bones is a nasty business!&quot; Lol"
"My personal experience with Tri Sprintec has been great so far. The only issue I have is that I can&#039;t take the pill in the morning or during that day at all it makes me nauseous and one time I threw up because of it. I just take it at night now to help with nausea."
"I was initially prescribed lisinopril which made me so dizzy and short of breath along with the dreaded cough that all I could do was lay on couch.  After a few days of giving my body a chance to adjust to meds I asked dr for something else. She prescribed Losartan. I immediately felt like my old self with NO side effects whatsoever."
"I was on Cymbalta 90mg and had to stop cold turkey .. thank goodness for my Atarax. I am having severe withdrawals and I take 50mg up to 4 times a day . I also use this for my anxiety. I was addicted to Klonopin so I am thankful for this no addictive Atarax."
"I have used epiduo for about 2 years, maybe going on three. or about 2 months after beginning the use of this product my skin was really breaking out terribly (because it is a retnoid: it brings everything to the surface making your skin break out a lot, but is good in the long run). Then around week 10 my skin cleared up and was actually looking pretty good. However, this past summer, my skin broke out terribly like it had the first time i used it, and has not exactly cleared up since. I still have breakouts (although not as bad) on my cheekbones, forehead, and chin."
"I have been on June for a little over 4 years now. I never had any mood swings or weight gain and it cleared up my acne. I don&#039;t get my period ever- which I don&#039;t mind at all. Probably going to stay on Junel for a long time! I see a lot of bad reviews, but this is my honest opinion!"
"Due to long ongoing depression and Fibromyalgia my GP prescribed these meds my health has changed dramatically and Fibro has decreased."
"This pill was terrible. Had bad migraines the first 5-6 months of taking it. Plus I would get angry over nothing and have crying spells. After about 8 months of being on this pill, my period would come a week early and last for 2 1/2 weeks. It was light bleeding, but still the point of my period going on that long was not normal. My period normally lasts 5-7 days. I stuck the pills out for another month and when I got that 2 1/2 week period again, I called my obgyn. I explained to her what was going on and she had a nurse pull my chart to change my bc. The only good thing about these pills were that I had no weight gain."
"Taken alongside Lithium, Quetiapine for bipolar one. This medication is old but very effective against anxiety associated with bipolar disorder. No side effects apart from feeling a little drowsy at times."
"The reason the doctor changed me to Livalo is because I was having side effects from the medication I was on. I have had no side effects from Livalo. The only problem I have with it is the cost. Very expensive."
"I had two infusions. Both lasted 18-20 hours. I couldn&#039;t tolerate the infusion faster than 33ml/hr. I would get chest pain and muscle rigors. MD refused to continue after that.  "
"Ive been on Microgestin Fe 1/20 for a little over a year now. The first few weeks of taking it I had horrible nausea but after that it worked great. I do notice that I become more emotional over things sometimes (angry without reason, sad because of nothing). My periods are very light and last for about 4-5 days, although this is the first month where my period has come for just one day. I didn&#039;t have acne or cramps before and I still don&#039;t get them. My breast also increased a size. I particularly enjoy this birth control."
"I had the Mirena put in 2 years ago. There are only 2 things I like about it.  One, it stays in for 5 years (unless you decide otherwise) and two, I don&#039;t bleed as heavy as I used to. Other than that I don&#039;t like it. I have severe cramping, horrible migraines the week before I start and the 5 days I&#039;m on my cycle, I also have extremely crazy mood swings. I am thrilled to have it removed in a few weeks."
"Took at 8pm at midnight still awake and no relief of neck spasms. Felt like my head would fall off on right side of neck. Took second dose still at 4am still not sleeping, no relief from pain."
"Doxycycline for acne works wonders! I will say if your acne has gotten really bad and you just started on doxycycline you will need to be patient with this drug and give it time to work its magic. I highly recommend taking it with food or else you will throw up as I did. Taking it on a normal schedule I have seen does improve the use of the drug for example taking it everyday in the morning or night around the same time is good! Remember everybody&#039;s body responds differently to medication. But, if I were to just start looking into acne medicine I would start on this. Not too strong as Accutane, but not too weak either. I had moderate to severe cystic acne twice and it has been able to clear both incidents. Never had bad side effects on this"
"i have been on zoloft for about 6 months with other anti depressants before that time.. zoloft is the only one that has worked but it is no where near a miracle drug for me.. my mind still races and there are days that i am weepy and have thoughts of suicide, i dont have any motivation to really do anything.. im not on a small dose at all 175mg/day (max dose is 200mg/day) but i can admit if i miss it for a day, i will feel it for two.. i cant really tell if there are side effects because the depression could be causing some of the lethargy.. i dont want to take pills all my life, and im doing whatever i can to try to get off them but at this time, they are my only hope"
"Great medicine. Helped me revert to normal rhythm without noticeable side effects. It&#039;s a big pill to swallow but it can be sprinkled on food/applesauce if necessary."
"I gained about 5lbs just in my butt since using this birth control. I&#039;ve even gone mostly vegan and can&#039;t seem to get rid of it. The only positive about this birth control is I feel pretty sane on it and have regular periods."
"After speaking with the doctor, they advised that I could comb out the nits after using this product, but that both had used it with success and no comb.
Instructions for the product say leave in for at least 10 minutes. I stuck my seven-year-old naked in the bathroom and let him play in an empty bathtub with some plastic toys after completely covering his head in the product. After the hour, I washed his head thoroughly with Ivory bar soap.

I then proceeded to vacuum all of the floors, strip and wash all of the bedding in the entire house, all of the towels, and all of the clothes that weren&#039;t in the dresser. Spray the couches liberally with Lysol (enough that they are damp). Every single stuffed animal also went through.

No more lice!"
"I was prescribed clarithromycin for a sinus infection. I have been battling this for four weeks. And two prescriptions before this. I am on day three and feel only a little better. I have read it takes 4-5 days to feel better especially if you have had it awhile. The sinuses are hard to penetrate. I have had no stomach problems, I recommend probiotics. Nasty taste in my mouth...Gatorade helps a bit. I have also had fatigue and headache but I am unsure if this is due to the antibiotics or that my body has had it with medication. Hope this helps someone."
"Good day to you all.
First of all just wanted to mention this web-sites words really did make me laugh, that&#039;s out comments are:
&quot;.......not a substitute for the expertise, skill, knowledge and judgement of healthcare practitioners in patient care.&quot;  I have been on tramadol now for five months and I have never had so much hassle from incompetent medical professional people.

Anyhow throughout the time I have taken generic Tramadol I&#039;ve been put on two other brands and this generic is by far the best. Of the medical professionals all but one have been able to realise that there are differences with different brands. I find this by far the strongest and most powerful. There again everyone is individual so this may not apply with all people."
"I started this birth control my freshman year. I gained 10 lbs after starting this birth control, which I didn&#039;t mind because I was underweight, so it was good for me to gain the weight. I had no real problems with Necon, except every month, a week before my period, I got super emotional and had a lot of mood swings and got lower back cramps. After four years of taking Necon, I was starting to get EXTREMELY nauseous the last two weeks of the pack every month, so I just recently switched to a new birth control to try to get rid of the nausea. Overall, I really liked this birth control, it was easy to take and didn&#039;t have terrible side effect."
"I was fat until about nine months ago. Now I am chunky but weigh sixty three pounds less. Start 229 pounds now 166 pounds. Just started the stationary bike and look forward to getting to 148lbs and that is livable. My blood work and other issues are starting to make good progress. I would like to recommend this to the yo yo dieters. No side effects except a little dry mouth."
"I&#039;ve been on my period for 3 weeks now and there are no signs of it stopping any time soon. Other than that I haven&#039;t had any problems with it."
"I&#039;ve been using this drug for just over a month and everything seems like it&#039;s going down hill. This drug will make me extremely tired but also keep me awake. It&#039;s too inconsistent for my body. It should be helping with bodily functions and minimize pain but it does quite the opposite. Some days my body can&#039;t move very fast because of the pain. And if it&#039;s not the pain it&#039;s fatigue all day. I&#039;ve had the same problem with other drugs like this. There has to be a way to help without all of the drugs or surgeries."
"Hey ladies, just wanted not share my VERY STUPID but scariest experience I ever went through so I had unprotected sex on the day that one of my apps said is my highest ovulation day ( didn&#039;t realize until after I did the do) I also had sex the following day unprotected as well which was a very dumb by the time I got to a store the pharmacy was closed and I had to wait until the following day which was Monday to take the pill after I took it I had no side effects except for FEAR  I had to wait two weeks until my period was suppose to come and then boom it came !! Ladies please don&#039;t stress the pill will work I took it 60 hours after the fact and my period came two days early."
"The insertion was crampy but it only took a few minutes. I&#039;ve been on the Copper IUD (ParaGuard) for almost 2 months now and it has been great so far! I was a bit crampy the week after I got it inserted then I started my period, which I had bad cramps for the first day or so, but it was fine after the beginning of my period. My period was also heavier than it normal was but it lightened up for me after a few days of being on my period. After my period was over, i only got cramps every so often about a week or so after, but it&#039;s been great. my next period was better, less crampy and it wasn&#039;t as heavy as before. I&#039;m just overall happy about getting Paraguard, I was nervous at first because of the bad reviews, but this is a good review!"
"At the age of 54 l can tell you that I&#039;ve been lucky not to have needed this product earlier, but loosing a wife of 25yrs in 2010 was a curve ball that changed me forever. There came a point where l had to have my needs met only to find out that plumbing needed a little nudge. So I asked my PC doc for something with little side affects. He gave me the Cialis daily 5mg. 1st day l took 5mg by myself to see if l noticed any difference since she was never going find out, that&#039;s my plan and l&#039;m sticking to it. Anyhow, this stuff WORKS, and works well. Then next night with her l took 10mg at 8pm, and the rest is history. By 11:00 l made my move, and it was the  greatest thing to stay up till the sun came up , 100%Satisfied :)"
"I was laboring with Pitocin, and I couldn&#039;t get an epidural, I had a shot of Nubain in my IV and only worked for 2 minutes (literally) and I was back to feeling the full brunt of my off the chart contractions, in fact they seemed worse. For my next baby I will just labor naturally and not even try the Nubain."
"As I read others reviews I must say I did not get any burning nor discomfort. I used while menstrual cycle was active and after my cycle, I no longer had the synptoms. I used this once before while not going through my menstrual and it cleared me up only for a few weeks, !but the symptoms returned!"
"The actual procedure was a little painful, but it only took like 10 minutes. I did have a little bit of bruising the first couple of days, but other than that it wasn&#039;t bad. I haven&#039;t had any weight gain, or any mood swings. Surprisingly, I still have regular periods, the only difference is they are a lot lighter. Overall, I am very satisfied and glad I decided to go with Implanon."
"I was seen in the local ER, for uti, was taking macrobid,didn&#039;t work .so the ER doc gave me cipro 500mg twice day for five days.only side effect is weird dreams,and thirsty.this med works!!"
"I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen low for two years before switching to Ocella. I used to throw up and break out constantly so I switched to Ocella.  So far, I love it.  I haven&#039;t had nausea, spotting, headaches, mood swings, or heavy periods!  Unfortunately, I definitely have gained weight but nothing unmanageable.  I had moderately severe acne and it has been clearing up slowly but surely, which is a huge deal for me since I&#039;m a senior in high school.  My sex drive has gone way down."
"I&#039;m very motivated to quit smoking so on day one with cigarette in hand at 3:43am, reading drug reviews, I give it a 10.   I seriously layed with my eyes closed listening to my husband breathe for three hours before I had to look up side effects...it appears that I&#039;m not the only user still up.  The boost in energy was wonderful all day long. I will to continue to take it and will stop smoking. I never thought I was depressed, but today I feel like  moving and doing active things I would have laughed at yesterday, admittedly, that would be a life improvement. I am clinically morbidly obese due to my absolute love of food and tendency to binge eat. Today I have barely touched food. This May be the med for me for more reasons than I thought."
"I have been painting my toenail for 12 weeks and I have about 1 fourth of a new nail that is clear. I believe this will take some months in getting a good result but have tried so many other treatments that didn&#039;t work at all. I have hope."
"I am an 18 year old female and this will be my first colonoscopy. It is not hard to trigger my gag reflex, so I was a little nervous to drink Suprep. I was instructed to drink it at 7 pm, and after some gagging and nausea I finished at 7:40 pm. I mixed it with ginger ale, and drank ginger ale chasers after each sip. The taste isn&#039;t as bad as I expected, but it does taste like cough syrup and was hard for me to get down and obviously took me a while. It works incredibly fast. I had a bowel movement at 7:35 pm, before I had even finished the prep. I was surprised at how quickly it cleans you out. I was having clear bowel movements after only an hour. Suprep did give me a bad headache but it was tolerable. Bad taste, but effective."
"I&#039;m a female teenager looking to become a body builder. This pill is perfect. The first one I took I literally went 2 days without eating and zero hunger; definitely recommending."
"I started chantix in November of 2016 followed the directions to a T and have now been smoke free for 3 months!! You have to have the will-power to want to quit otherwise it will be a waste of money. Chantix definitely cut the cravings which made the transition from heavy smoker to non-smoker as easy as possible. Although I did have many crying and angry episodes it was very well worth the struggle. I am very proud to say that I&#039;m 3 months smoke free and couldn&#039;t be happier. Definitely recommend chantix to start you healthy new you!! Congratulations on you new journey to becoming smoke free!!"
"Started on 30mg for about 3 months, not much help.  Upped to 60mg, no help. Now on 90mg for one month and my depression is even worse that it was. I slipped into a major down a few days ago, one of the worst I&#039;ve had in years and have yet to bounce back from it. I have had mild brain zaps here and there since going to 90mg.  Anyway, I am guessing my psychiatrist will try something different.  I have tried Lexapro (helped me for many years, then seemed to stop working). Wellbutrin (made me very irritable), and Pristiq (did nothing except lower my libido and give me a little bit of energy)."
"This is the ONLY drug that has ever worked for my bi-polar disorder. I do not experience any side effects except very minor ones. I would definitely recommend for anyone who is bi-polar and has a problem with other drugs working.  I do warn that this drug is very hard to get off once you are on your full dose and taking it for a while."
"Doctor put me on Victoza. Metformin alone wasn&#039;t cutting it. Started a little over 2 weeks ago, lost 13 pounds, curved my appetite. I feel great and my sugar level is averaging about 110 and it was over 220.  love it...."
"I have never had the feeling of being full and have fought obesity since childhood. I had a successful gastric bypass in 1980 (but with serious lifelong medical complications) and lost 170lbs at after the operation.  Over the years I&#039;ve gained and lost up to 70lbs but never held a steady weight. I saw a psychiatrist 6 years ago (for other reasons) and shared this with him.  He told me about Topamax and explained that it did not work in everyone, but had with some of his patients with true food disorders.  He started me at 5mg/day  and increased the dosage by 5mg/ week.  When I reached 150mg/day I noticed that I consistently pushed my plate away or stopped eating when I was full. It has been a miracle, and my weight hasn&#039;t varied more than 5lbs in 7 years."
"The only good side was that it helped me sleep good. But couldn&#039;t even get up in the morning I was so drowsy still and felt hung over bad
Also I was very lethargic.
Like numb and I felt numb. Like crap
Almost like seriously depressed without depression state of mind
Horrible."
"I have severe rheumatoid arthritis and pain is something I live with daily and I have tried many different pain killers such as Tramadol, Endone and Jurnista. I have been taking Tapentadol for almost 3 months now, starting on 100mg 2x daily and am currently taking 150mg 2x daily.  While it takes the edge off the pain it does not reduce it significantly and most nights after taking the evening tablet I manage to sleep for a few hours but wake in pain when the supposed sustained release tablet has worn off and can not get back to sleep due to high pain levels. I am heading to my GP today hoping for some relief as this really isn&#039;t doing the job."
"Has been very helpful. However, I have experienced some side effects. I have had some problems with chest pain. After a heart cath, which was normal, I was started on metoprolol. No further cp. Also have problems with memory loss and an inability to focus, however was on lyrica for a while and was this was much worse then.  Does eliminate all my pain but Overall, this is the only medication that has helped with the rsd at all."
"I&#039;m not even up to the full dose on this medication and I feel great! Started 1.5 mg about a week ago going up to 3 mg tomorrow. My anxiety is gone and I haven&#039;t needed any Ativan. I&#039;m happier and more up beat. It&#039;s so nice to feel like myself again after two years feeling a little off. The only thing was I experienced some nausea the first few days but I think it&#039;s going away."
"I&#039;ve been on Portia for a few months now. I&#039;ve always had a super heavy 7 day period and terrible cramps. The cramps have reduced a lot but my period last month was 14 DAYS LONG. However it was substantially lighter. It was also very very rare for me to get sick before starting this pill and since I&#039;ve been on it I have vomited out of no where 3 times. My mood swings have also been pretty bad since starting Portia causing me and my boyfriend of over a year to fight a lot more often. I&#039;m thinking of changing this pill."
"This product has been wonderful.  My energy has been restored, I have normal sexual function and desire and really have had no adverse side affects at all.  My underarms that were never very hairy are now very hairy and my formerly smooth abdomen and stomach are now hairy, but other than that I&#039;ve not had any side effects.  All positive effects!"
"My 10 yr old daughter was put on low dose (20mg) of Vyvanse for ADHD.  Her ADHD was severely affecting her school work.  Positive:  immediately teachers and I noticed she could focus, sit more still, and initiate her own homework, etc...  But it&#039;s the NEGATIVE side affects that seriously concerned me.  She went from a cheerful, joyous girl, to a melancholy zombie.  Even worse, she became more and more depressed &amp; irritable at night.  She said she felt like she lost all personality and had a sadness that she didn&#039;t understand why.  I can not emphasize enough how scary it was to see her whole personality change, and that was not worth any benefits.she got out of Vyvanse. Other side effects:  loss of appetite, joint/muscle pain, mouth twitch."
"I have been on Victoza for 2 weeks now and lost 4 lbs, the nausea was slight but I took the injection at night which helped. The needles feel like a mosquito bite!!
Cant wait to see how much more I lose, and my sugars are much better levels,,"
"So far it helps with everything, except for whats going on in my head (the constant thoughts). But I&#039;ve only been on it for 3 weeks so I&#039;m staying positive."
"I took this for serious cramps. I loved the pill because it made my boobs bigger. I gained weight but eventually it went down after the course of 3 months.  My skin cleared up for about a month then all of a sudden I&#039;ve been breaking out for frequently. This did NOT help with my cramps at all, in fact it probably made it worse. My period used to be very heavy (had to use super plus tampons) but when taking the pill I needed the regular tampon for about 3 days. I also only got my period once in the course of the 3 months."
"Took a 800mg ibuprofen an hour before insertion on 2nd day of period (I always spot on first day) insertion didn&#039;t hurt it felt like a pap smear. I was nervous for no reason. I usually get really bad heavy periods but the day after insertion my period went straight to spotting and minor cramping. It&#039;s going on 2 weeks and I&#039;m still spotting. My gyno told me it&#039;s a normal side effect and give it time to adjust to my body. I get cramps everyday but nothing I can&#039;t handle."
"I asked my Dr. 2 years ago to prescribe this and she didn&#039;t want to. She put me on Wellbutrin instead. Well it did absolutely nothing for quiting smoking. Went back last week to see about getting Chantix and she did prescribe it. I am simply amazed how this is working! I&#039;ve been smoking for 30 years and never thought it would be this easy. The only thing I have to do  when I start thinking about smoking is to remember why I&#039;m quitting. Which is a lot right now but completely manageable. Wish she would have prescribed this when I asked 2 years ago."
"Where do I start, I got the nexplanon 68mg implant put in on 13 January 2014 6 months after having my daughter, at first it was ok although I did bleed for the first few months, then my period stopped, I started to have mood swings and when I say mood swings I was evil, would probably say physchotic, I attacked my partner something I am not proud of I hate violence, then the acne, the daily headaches and I mean daily I have yet to remember when I didn&#039;t wake up with a migraine, my teenage son says I am so moody and all I do is shout, also the weight gain, as I said at first it was fine then the weight started piling on I have gained over 3 stone on this and I have not changed my lifestyle or eating habits all it is horrible avoid!"
"I normally never post reviews of any kind, however this review is different for me. Not only is it very personal to me, but I hope that in sharing my story it can also help someone see the light at the end of the tunnel. After a brief medical scare my anxiety rose to an all time high causing severe panic attacks and making me emotionally unrecognizable. I was afraid of doing normal, everyday things that I otherwise wouldn&#039;t have thought about and also scared myself into thinking I had some sort of heart related issues. Long story short, zoloft resulted in a 180 change for me in less &lt; 6 wks. I started the first week off with 1/2 of a 50 mg tabl and then a whole. Very thankful for giving  this life changing medicine a chance. Never lose hope"
"I had gained a lot of weight in the past year and a half due to a medical condition and the meds I had to take. I started taking phentermine 37.5 mg and topiramate 50 mg two months ago. My begin weight was 175 lbs. and I am now down to 153 lbs. My goal is 130-135 lbs. which is what I was weighing before I got sick."
"I have the dry mouth and headache. The first day it suppressed my appetite but since then my appetite has actually increased. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s because I&#039;m about ready to start my period, or if it&#039;s because I take pain medication with it. I had lost 1 lb the first day, but none since. I have the 37.5mg tablets. I take 1/2 when I wake up and 1/2 around 2."
"A wonderful medication with no apparent side effects that just works. It does make you feel good, which can equate to some psychological dependency, however it is not physically addicting. I have been on 350 mg three times per day. It is a wonderful relief from pain medication to help pain in my back and neck. This is derived from a discontinued medication called Miltown, which was derived from a barbiturate."
"I took (10mg a day) of the generic brand of this medication for a couple of months and I saw no difference. My racing-obsessive thoughts were still there and I had difficulty to orgasm. I decided to quit taking it right when I was supposed to up my dose to 20mg a day. I then started taking 5HTP for about 4 months and I don&#039;t think it is helping either, the racing thoughts are still there. I am thinking of giving Zoloft a try now."
"BPH, 2 acute urinary retention episodes in less than a month. Started with Avodart (0.5 mg) daily (in the morning) and Rapaflo (4 mg, before going to sleep).  This combination seems to be working for me after 3 weeks (no waking up at night to pee, no urgency). Avodart shrinks the prostate (it may take up to 6 month to see improvement) and Rapaflo relaxes  the prostate gland and the bladder&#039;s neck to make it easy to urinate.  Rapaflo also gives me very strong erections (not sure why) and I do have retro ejaculation but I prefer that to the inconvenience  of having a catheter in which can also cause UTI. 

Every man&#039;s prostate is different. Just keep trying to find the right pill for you."
"I take 6 grains of Armour Thyroid. I do not swallow it whole, I let it melt under my tongue in order for it to become more readily absorbed. I take 2 grains 3 times a day in order for my body to have a continuous supply of the Thyroid hormone. I have more energy, am losing weight and no more depression."
"I&#039;ve been on 6mg for a week now.  I know I will probably need to be on 12mg as I think I&#039;m probably one of the most rapid drug metabolizers there is but I can tell things are different again.  I&#039;ve tried Prozac, Celexa, Effexor, Cymbalta, Wellbutrin, Trazodone and the traditional MAOI parnate and the only one that helped at all was Parnate which I stopped because of swollen ankles but actually started again this time when I withdrew from cymbalta again before starting Emsam.  Parnate &amp; Emsam actually lower my BP.  I also take 40mg Adderall 3xday and Claritin D and don&#039;t have hypertensive crisis or SS.  MAOIs are the only AD that don&#039;t make me numb &amp; hopefully at 9 or 12mg it will be great. I get upset easier but I am happy easier too."
"I was prescribed Arthrotec 75/0.2MG. I had spinal surgery on L5 in 2001 by an orthopedist and in 2009 on same disc by a neurosurgeon. In 2009, I took a long time to recover. Also, I am suffering from degenerative disc disease on S1 to the point of self fusion (a good thing as it stabilized my lower back). In 2009, I was prescribed  Arthrotec 75 / 0.2MG
I found this to be a miracle. I only take it as needed and only when it wears off. Once a week or as needed. FANTASTIC results! It takes years off my body. I am 62."
"I have severe emotional distress and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. I think it was probably passed on by my mother because she has the same disorder. Before I took this medication I just felt that I was never myself especially around large groups of people. There were times when I felt life was hopeless from this point. As soon as I took a dose of Zoloft I felt some of the effects took place and after my doctor increased the dosage to 150 mg I feel like my normal self again. This medicine works wonders. I am no longer hopeless and miserable."
"Lamictal saved my life.  The manic issues were getting severe and I had no way of handling these issues. I have no side effects and I have my life back.  I enjoy life again."
"Have been treated for Atopic Dermatomyositis since 1994 with a variety of drugs. Mycophenolate combined with small dosage of Prednisone (3 or 4 mg) have kept skin clear and relatively unaffected for past 5 years. Muscle enzymes quickly elevate if I cut back from two to one 250 mg capsule per day."
"Given two of the 5 mg in nasal  spray form ( at neurologist for my Rxs that control my 20 year history of cervical dystonia).  Was on my second day of latest sinus headache the neuros always insist are migraines. Had them since I was a small child and they are sinus related.  
Spray did nothing.  I got rid of it by eating   hot mashed potatoes with three or more tablespoons of crushed hot pepper flakes. That was over an hour and a half of the non effective 5 mg Zomig. Hot spicy food worked instantly. 
Happy for those it works for...but I&#039;ve often conquered mine with two gel cap ibuprofen.  And or a damp hand towel in a plastic grocery bag heated in microwave and put on forehead.  Mine are more stubborn over 50 years. Try other things 1st"
"I currently use fentanyl 100 patches and oxycodone with APAP 5/325 mg. I have still been having pain thoughout the day. I started to take the Ultram ER 200 mg and it has worked very well. So well in fact that I rarely have to take the oxycodone with APAP. That is great."
"I have been dealing with severe cramps and heavy flow ever since getting my period at 9 years old. I&#039;ve tried pills for years and nothing helped. 2 months after inserting mirena I no longer have cramps or period at all. It&#039;s a blessing and I recommend it to all my friends"
"I been on it for a week and my face spots have cleared  up. Before the  cream I tried  many products even a facial peel and nothing  work.I&#039;m so glad I got this cream.  I went to skin spectrum and I had a great dermatologist recommend tri luma . I&#039;m so happy with my results"
"I&#039;ve been on Lutera 28 for a year now. I&#039;ve noticed how if I&#039;m late taking my pill each day, even by two hours, I&#039;ll spot or even start my period early. MAJOR mood swings and depression. Some days I think I&#039;m loosing my mind. It&#039;s effective in preventing pregnancy, however I&#039;ve completely LOST my libido. If you&#039;re considering taking this pill, I would look into other BC options besides this one."
"okay well ever since I have started this bcp I have noticed a decrease in my sex drive and i have lost my appetite. I am losing weight which it&#039;s really good for me because I could dowith losing a few lbs. But tbh I don&#039;t see the point in a bcp if you don&#039;t even have a sex drive anymore. I am gonna continue with this pill but maybe change after this month is over.."
"I&#039;m 39, male, 6&#039;3, 230 lbs. Suffered from anxiety disorder for years. Worrying, palpitations, shortness of breath, basically all the popular anxiety symptoms. Seemed to come on more when I pushed myself exercising. Back on Lexapro because it does work. Side effects like lower sex drive, difficulty reaching orgasm, insomnia all go away. I find myself fearless, my life is active, no more &quot;what if&#039;s&quot; and no anxiety attacks. I admit I hate taking medicines, but without it is far worse."
"Been on this for over a year. I&#039;ve gained weight get extremely emotional before I start. I am on bc to help regulate my periods. I know when I will start however bleeding is heavy and I spot for three weeks and I get maybe a week off from spotting/bleeding. This is a killer to my sex life! I have contacted my OBGYN to help find me a bc that is no periods to see if that helps!"
"This medication did help my issue but it has now caused me to bruise so easy. I can barely scratch my leg and a few minutes later, my leg looks like I had been hit. They are not the painful but they or tender."
"My doctor put me on Aviane to suppress my periods for terrible PMS and mood swings. I have been taking them now for 4 weeks. Am supposed to be getting my period today and feel GREAT.  I have not gained any weight, which I would gain 5 pounds just prior to my period.  Besides the very mild cramps nothing unusual. I do not feel any lack of sexual drive but do feel slightly drier than normal.  Again, I can deal with all of these symptoms to skip the PMS rollercoaster.  So far so GREAT!
I am 39, two kids, no more with a history of depression type symptoms."
"I&#039;ve been taking Effexor XR for 15 months for treatment of depression.  Initially, I wondered if there was a point and if it was making a difference.  I was very skeptical when I ran out during a storm, didn&#039;t receive mail, and my mail service pharmacy prescription arrived late. I felt like my head was &quot;sloshing&quot; and I was very sick to my stomach.  Missing a dose was awful.  But about a year after I began taking it, I noticed that I was back in control of my life and I felt like me but better than I remembered.  My friends say they saw a difference much sooner.  I don&#039;t know if the passage of time, monthly therapy, or the medicine is what helped me get my depression. I&#039;m giving credit to Effexor XR."
"Great"
"Suffering from a back injury from 2001. Over a couple of years nerve damage on left side started. Surgery done L4 and L3 was removed and replaced with an artificial substance. Cage over spine with 4 screws. Limited back movement.I&#039;m in constant pain always. Last meds on was Oxycontin and percocet for break through. Put on Zohydro ER, 30 mg. It&#039;s not working.its only been about 3weeks.Asking Doc to put me back on previous meds. It was job related injury."
"It works! I&#039;ve been on Contrave three months and I have  lost 27.5 lbs. My beginning weight was 219. The key is to drink plenty of water at least 80 oz a day, eat small healthy meals and please don&#039;t eat high fat foods. If you should over eat expect to pay for it. The food does not stay down and you will feel sick. I take the pills as prescribed by my doctor to reduce any side effects. This is a life change for me and I will not go back to eating heavy meals ever. I do plan to add an exercise program or start  walking  every day to maximize the weight lost."
"Thankfully, this really works."
"I read these reviews which helped me to make a decision to take this med so I will add my experience in the hopes it will help others. I am 56, male and had two minor heart attacks 6 months ago. That and a very stressful job caused many sleepless nights and some stress and anxiety. My Doctor suggested lexipro a few times and I finally decided to give it a try. I was prescribed 10 mg and broke them in half as a trial so 5 mg to start.The first 2-3 days I felt no change but by day 3-4 the side effects kicked in hard. Nausea, severe hot flashes, fullness and tightness in chest, fogginess, very anxious feelings. I decided to stop after 6 days and was worried about any withdrawal but the day I stopped I felt much better. just my experience."
"I just started taking this medicine and completed 2 days thus far. I have noticed that my interest in food, especially the unhealthy stuff, is gone. Even the foods that usually are great at tempting me really have no effect at all. They all of a sudden have become easy to resist. Furthermore, when I do eat, I definitely don&#039;t eat as much as I feel full sooner. I also noticed my mood has improved. In just 2 days I have lost just over 1 lb. My doctor did advise me that Belviq should be combined with diet and exercise. I am older so exercise becomes problematic as my joints are stiff. Anyhow I believe this medication will be helpful to those patients who tried everything and failed. I have had no side effects at this point although it is soon."
"Taking the generic brand of Lamisil 
All 10  toes infected with toenail fungus more than 8yrs .
Some extremely thick others discolored and some even cracked 
1st month  discoloration was the first thing to Clear up also any athletes foot cleared up immediately
2nd month  The thickness in nails has started to disappear
3rd month  have noticed the bottom half of the nails have come in clear on a few of the nails  
 Note dr. recommended after showering to clean out the bottom of the toenails  then let them dry fully then file them down slightly  this has really improved the look of my toenails 
My insurance  covered the cost of the generic brand which is less than five dollars a month"
"I started taking Tramadol for spinal stenosis and peripheral neuropathy about 11 years ago along with Lyrica.  It seemed to help the pain for several years, but I started noticing the sweating if I was as late on a dose.  After several years I wondered if it was the pain I felt or withdrawal symptoms.  This last weekend we left town and I forgot my pills.  I am cold turkey now only because I want off.  It is not pleasant, but doable I hope.  I was prescribed 400 mgs/day, but usually only took 300 unless the pain got real bad.  And yes, it did help my pain.  I was told I would be on both meds for life.  I want off the tramadol, but I can&#039;t get off the Lyrica.  I tried."
"Update on my review from 2 years ago: still on Trazodone and still singing its praises. Since my first review I have moved across the country and consequently have different insurance and different doctors and I&#039;ve had such an oddly difficult time getting it refilled. My last doctor refused to refill it and I had to go without for 4 months. It severely impacted my health as I was unable to sleep alongside my ever worsening mental state (depression, anxiety, ADHD, etc). As far as medication goes, Trazodone is the only constant for me."
"The medication wasn&#039;t helpful in controlling my seizures.  It&#039;s been about five months and I have had painful migraines just about every day! One day we&#039;ll find one that works!"
"The doctors have no idea what is wrong with me and we had been through nearly every strong pain killer that is possible to take when you are pregnant. I am on 80mg Oxycontin a day and find that I get short term pain relief of probably 3 hours of every 12 hours. So I guess it&#039;s back to the drawing board for me, because my mum is getting sick of pushing me around in a wheel chair. Oh yeah, I also started having funny things happen to me at night. Like talking to myself even though I was awake. And I would wake up and I would be laying in bed pretending to brush my teeth or brush my daughters hair, or spreading a piece of toast. Very strange."
"Trileptal changed my life. After anti-psychotics not being a good add on to my Lithium and Lamitcal because of heavy non-functional side effects/not tolerated. I searched so long and hard for something that might be able to help stabilize my mood (mostly mania). I have been taking Tripetal at a low dose of 600mg per day for 3 weeks, in addition to my current medication, and just in the first week my mood evened out, I felt normal or whatever normal probably feels like. I am now able to go into therapy and tackle some of my addiction/impulsive behavior that I did not have the capacity to do before when I was not in my right mind. I am so grateful for this medicine for my Bipolar disorder."
"23 year old male. Been taking Paroxetine for the past 2 weeks for my anxiety attacks which prevented me from working.  Worked great at controlling the anxiety, but the side effects were too much.  Every night I would take the medicine (anytime from 7-10pm) and would wake up at 3am and 5am for no apparent reason.  Caused me to be tired throughout the day.  Also caused an overwhelming minty taste in my mouth/throat.  Made it hard to concentrate on work. "
"I stated getting terrible acne since I stopped taking the pill 6 months ago. My normal cleanser and pimple routine wasn&#039;t working, and mostly made the acne worse. My GP prescribed 50mg of Doxycycline once daily which didn&#039;t seem to work. Although the Dr told me the acne might get worse before it gets better, I decided to go back and ask for a stronger medication as it got ALOT worse in the first two weeks of being on 50mg. I was prescribed 100mg once daily instead of going onto another medication. I&#039;m now 2 months in and I&#039;ve started noticing a huge change. I&#039;ve also changed my makeup to mineral which has helped ALOT! Don&#039;t forget that Doxy makes your skin worse before it gets better but don&#039;t give up! It works!!"
"This medicine works SO well! The smell and heavy discharge were gone within 2 days of this 10 day medication. A lot of other people report feeling sick and restless but this was not my experience at all. The only side effect I experienced was lightheadedness due to the medicine&#039;s ability to dehydrate the body. The only thing that really sucks about this medication is not being able to drink alcohol-- and seriously, don&#039;t even attempt it. You will thank me later."
"Has anyone experienced dizzy spells from this medication? I started at 25mg last week &amp; now I&#039;m at 50mg. I have read nothing but wonderful reviews on Lamictal. I&#039;m waiting for my doctor to call me back."
"I love the very mild side effects and works well."
"This has been a horrific 3 months for me. Let me start by saying I have gained about 15 lbs in 3 months and my breasts have grown 2 cup sizes. They are tender, to the point where hugging my boyfriend hurts. I am extremely athletic and just couldn&#039;t understand why suddenly I couldn&#039;t work-out. I have no energy, I&#039;ve been drinking triple the amount of caffeine that I usually do. My biggest change was a COMPLETE loss in my sex drive. I&#039;ve barely touched my boyfriend in 3 months. I am moody, emotional, feel drained all the time and literally hate myself. I read all these reviews, ran to the bathroom and took it out! I do not recommend this to anyone!"
"Horrible jitters, severe agitation, irritable, sleeplessness, thoughts wandered, and dizziness after one dose."
"Caused ovarian failure within 30 days in a 14 year old girl.  Patient had normal period for 3 years prior."
"I am very thankful that my psychiatrist decided to prescribe this great medicine to me. My nightmares and sleep paralysis rarely rears it&#039;s ugly head now. I have; social anxiety disorder, panic disorder, disassociative   disorder, ptsd, chronic depression and ADHD. I realize that what I am about to say can be a controversial subject, but I simply wish to help. 
Many people who are diagnosed with so many psychological disorders are what is called an Empath. We are evolving faster now than ever before in the history of mankind. It&#039;s basically a spiritual awakening of the human race. There are positive aspects, such as high intuition amongst other gifts. Basically, it&#039;s not medical, but spiritual. Get educated and stay medicated if need be."
"**** UPDATE**** My original comment was posted 05/18/2017.... I had my 1 month appointment on 05/20/2017. My weight was 219lbs. I lost 13lbs since I started. I have noticed that the longer I am taking the pill, the less burst of energy I have in the mornings. So now the only side effect I have is dry mouth. Hopefully, I can lose at least another 10lbs by my next appointment."
"I have been on this medication for the last 3 months, &amp; I have noticed a significant change in my mood and mental health overall. I only take 50mg daily &amp; my anxiety medication, it really works well together. I feel pristiq has been a lifesaver!"
"I pass chronic kidney stones and have had numerous stones removed via surgery. A few times my kidneys have shut down via urine back pumping from obstructing stones. In this case a shot of Dilaudid every 15 minutes kept me laughing and giggling with the nurses. Amazing stuff.  For my day to day pain from stones and stone related damage to my urinary tract Dilaudid is really the only medicine which is proven to help time and time again. I&#039;ve been on every pain medicine it seems over the years and while Demerol is a close second, Dilaudid is what keeps me productive at work.  I&#039;m on 8mg but cut them in half as needed. "
"I started on 10mg Paxil 2 months ago, and my life is changed. I was able to recognize how amazing life is without the shadow of anxiety which caused my depression. I came back to myself. My therapist recommended doing a trial of 20mg to see if my remaining anxiety issues could be subsided as well. I just started today and I feel a little more lethargic than I&#039;d like to and I fear for my sex life. I&#039;m going to try it for a while until my body adjusts and if I still feel out of sorts, I&#039;m going to drop back down to 10mg. The first week or two of symptoms was pretty terrible, I was yawning excessively. VERY nauseous, tired often...but as soon as my body adjusted, an amazing sense of clarity came over me--first time in 15 years. Life changing."
"Absolutely miracle med for smoking cessation!  I smoked for 15 yrs (anywhere from 2-4 packs/day).  Had the attitude, &quot;if I quit, I quit; if I don&#039;t, I don&#039;t&quot;.  Within 10 days I stopped.  I did experience a few side-effects that were no big deal (insomnia, funny taste in mouth). I didn&#039;t have a &quot;stop-date&quot; just one day I lit a cigarette, took about three drags then put it out.  That was 14 yrs ago.  Took me about 5 yrs to say I quit - I always said, &quot;I haven&#039;t had a cigarette in a while&quot;.  I still have my 1/2 carton as my trophy ;-)"
"After several bird tours flirting with 10,000 - 11,000 ft elevation I became suspicious that I was  susceptible to alt. sickness.  A redirected flight to LaPaz, Bolivia (and some unscheduled ascents near Cochabamba) convinced me I was.  Typically I serve as a human altimeter, within minutes of reaching 11,000 ft I&#039;m puking my guts out.

Diamox has been a wonder drug in preventing alt. sickness on tours I&#039;ve been on since Bolivia.  I&#039;ve travelled from 8,000 ft straight to 14,000 ft several times with no alt. sickness symptoms at all.  125 mg before bed is all I need.  Tingling and bad tasting soda symptoms are greatly reduced at that dosage compared to the 250mg I initially used."
"Will be starting med tomorrow? Dr. suggested this med but I am skeptical because Abilify gave me akathisia! I hope Rexulti works for me. I am also quite surprised how quickly it works for many people. Instead of weeks, it usually works in days. Looking for a good med!"
"I was given this after an appendectomy, my head hurt so much I cried for 4-6 hours while the nurse kept giving me more Dilaudid. When I got home I read the pamphlet which indicated that Dilauded can cause severe headaches. I took Demerol and the headache was gone within 1/2 hour."
"This medication works YES...HOWEVER it has side effects not listed &amp; if you don&#039;t workout then you&#039;re not going to see the same results as the people loosing the mass amounts of weight!!! I took this supplement/medication almost 6 years ago &amp; I worked my hind end off the 30 days I took it I lost 17 pounds that&#039;s all I need motivation to get me started in the right direction to a healthy life I worked out five days a wk changed all my eating habits (stopped eating when I was satisfied not full, if I craved it I bought it took a bite/drink and satisfied my craving) I was the smallest and healthiest I had ever been or so I thought till 2/25/15 when I had my gallbladder removed bc the damage me &amp; my dr believes to have been from the adipex!"
"Please do not use this product unless you want  your nether regions to enter the gates of hell.  Shortly after inserting the one-day medication  I experienced a burn an itch so intense it made me physically sick to my stomach. I ended up passing out from the pain. It is not worth it."
"Levaquin has definitely begun to cure my sinus infection. After about 2 doses I started to get relief. I have had no itching but serious headaches and dizziness. Overall, great medicine for me!"
"First, the positive. I&#039;ve suffered from anxiety my entire life. This medication helped tremendously in that it was under control while I was on it. If you suffer from anxiety, you know how wonderful this can be.

The negative. I gained 20 pounds quickly that I couldn&#039;t get rid of. I decided to get off of the medication because I was trying to get pregnant. The withdrawals were really bad. I had brain zaps non-stop, couldn&#039;t stand up straight because of dizziness and extreme confusion. Now, keep in mind I tapered myself slowly off this medication, per doctor&#039;s orders. It took 5 months before I wasn&#039;t experiencing these withdrawal symptoms. Horrific."
"Life changer"
"Viibryd has had a really positive impact on my life. In January, I had a suicide attempt while being on Effexor. After hospital, I was taken off Effexor and given Viibryd, starting with 10mg. Of course, you don&#039;t feel a difference for a while, but you know when you do. The other antidepressants I have been on, Prozac, Lexapro, and Effexor all had little positive effect on me. In fact, they made me feel numb and more emotionless than my depression did (leading to the events early this year...) Viibryd, however, has made me feel close to normal. I feel emotions better than I did on the other drugs. Side effects: terrible diarrhea, night terrors, and low sex drive. Tolerable, though."
"Prescribed this medication for an infection.  I&#039;m guessing Bacterial. They never told me to source. I hate the side effects. I had to call 911 and poison control because I was scared I was overdosing and having a reaction to it. I need sleep more than anything right now and I&#039;m scared to fall asleep.  I&#039;m ok but it makes me uncomfortable more than any other antibiotic made me feel. AM I THE ONLY ONE WITH THESE SIDE EFFECTS?"
"Doctor started me on the 0.6 with instructions to increase to 1.2 after 1 week.  At 1.2 the side effects became so intense, went back to .6 and have done much better without the side effects.  My appetite has been a lot less and I can&#039;t wait until my next Dr. visit to check on the weight loss!!  Side effects have been tolerable on 0.6.  Very pleased with Victoza."
"I&#039;m 16, and have been taking Concerta for about a year now. It works well and really helps me focus, but I do have a lack of appetite and trouble sleeping. Neither of those are really bad though. My 2 biggest complaints are first that I feel less creative while I&#039;m on it and second, when I don&#039;t take it now my concentration is horrible, and I get less done than before I started taking it."
"I feel extremely nauseous and dizzy for about half an hour after taking these, but migraines make me feel nauseous anyways so it&#039;s a small price to pay for getting rid of the pain.  While the nausea and hot flashes persist I like to think that the Treximet and the migraine are duking it out for superiority in my brain."
"I have 2 discs that press on my spine in my neck, as well as fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis &amp; an auto-immune disease.  I recently came off of Methadone &amp; Percocet, unintentionally, when I had just enough to get to my appointment with the pain specialist I was scheduled to see for the 1st time, but he got sick &amp; they had to reschedule me.  In addition to withdrawal, my pain level kept rising, to the point that every bone &amp; muscle in my body hurt worse than I have ever been in!!!  It&#039;s the only time I&#039;ve ever used &quot;9.9&quot; to describe my pain! I have had to go to the ER several times in the last month.  I was given Norflex 2 of those times, when I had a pinched nerve. Norflex helped SO MUCH MORE than ANY of the muscle relaxers I had at home!"
"I have tried to battle my way through significant anxiety at work, and an increase in depressive symptoms for several years. I came to the decision that I was unable to keep the momentum of fighting by myself and saw my GP. This took a lot of courage and fighting feelings of failure as although I work in the Mental health field and recommend this type of medication for clients I was not transferring this to myself. I have taken for 5 weeks with very positive results in terms of mood and anxiety levels gradually improving, it&#039;s not perfect but I wouldn&#039;t expect that. I am taking 50mg daily. Side effects have been increased insomnia, but without so much anxiety, so it&#039;s bearable. I will continue to take for a considerable period."
"This is the first birth control I have tried, and so far I love it. I&#039;m heading into my third week being on this pill and so far I have experienced very minimal side effects, something I did not expect after reading such horror stories about this pill and others similar to it. I have had no spotting yet (fingers crossed this continues). The most noticeable side effect thus far has been breast tenderness. Its not unbearable-and usually an Advil helps-but they&#039;re definitely more sore than usually. This tends to vary by day as well. I haven&#039;t noticed any severe change in my mood, maybe a little more sensitive than normal, and definitely no change in my sex drive. I am loving this pill so far! Hopefully these side effects continue to be minimal."
"I have had acne for 5 years. Tried everything, topicals, antibiotics, not doing anything, diet changes...nothing worked. I was so sad and desperate and felt so ugly all the time. Then I finally gave in and tried Yaz. Almost immediately acne improved. A year later I never breakout anymore! It&#039;s so amazing and now I&#039;m so much more happier and confident. And my hyper-pigmentation is finally having a chance to fade out without new ones popping up
I had no side effects at all. This has turned my life around but its still a medicine that may have side effects, but it&#039;s worked for me so may work for you as well."
"Only over the counter pain med I can take with Crohn&#039;s disease.  All other pain killers have some degree of aspirin in them.  For those with stomach diseases acetaminophen (Tylenol) is the only thing we can take."
"For 20 years I depended on alcohol as a crutch whenever I was faced with a challenge.  One day, after puking in the toilet for an hour, I decided enough is enough.  I switched to heroin.  That lasted for about 3 years until I was thrown in jail for driving under the influence.  I decided that it was time to start giving my money to big pharmaceutical companies instead of drug dealers, and I was determined to stay clean.  I&#039;m a professor at a major university with various prestigious accolades.  I was living a double life.  Teaching students classical greek by day, needles and whiskey at night.  Thank you Campral."
"I am a fan. For the first 3 months I took it, I had NO appetite whatsoever. I could&#039;ve gone the whole time without eating. This side effect has subsided &amp; my appetite is normal. I gained no weight which is something I was concerned about with starting birth control. The persisting side effects are that I have a very low sex drive &amp; increased breast sensitivity. As for bleeding, I do get random red or reddish brown discharge about once a month for 3-7 days. It is barely a &quot;period.&quot; It doesn&#039;t line up with the placebo pills and is not regular. However my period has never been regular. My doctor did confirm that this is OK &amp; it is still doing its job in preventing pregnancy. Personally, I still choose to use a backup method along with it."
"My doctor gave me Flomax to help get rid of urinary obstruction issues, the cause of which and exact reason for are still unknown. Am mostly writing to describe one of its more surprising side effects. 3 Weeks into the drug I start having very vivid and horrible dreams, every single night. Extremely bizarre dream scenarios, some sexual in nature but with a very twisted angle, some gore, some psychological, lucid dreams that make me feel like am having a schizophrenic breakdown in real life. Its fairly insane, and happening so regularely that I have no question its a side effect of the drug. Just wanted to warn people. If you are currently writing a screenplay for a horror film and are having writers block, this is the drug for you."
"Before I started taking clonazepam, my therapist and I worked for 2 years on CBT. It wasn%u2019t working. I was hesitant to take medication for fear that I would be dependent and eventually addicted to medication. After assurance from both my therapist and PCP that Klonopin was not as addictive as other anti anxiety medication. Clonazepam has allowed me to effectively used CBT and other coping mechanisms more effectively, so much so that I am able to use these methods and calm myself down without taking them. If I take one close to my bedtime it helps me fall asleep, however, I take one during the day. I do feel sleepy, but am able to function. I also do not find myself addicted to them. There are times when a 30 day prescription will last for more that 3 months."
"I&#039;m almost 43 and have had the worst allergies all my life. My medical records literally say &quot;allergic to the world&quot; Mostly suffering from sinus headaches and itching. I&#039;ve tried EVERY medicine a doctor can prescribe. I did the shot thing in my teens. And when I was at the end of my rope with suffering when my doctor in Vermont said let&#039;s try this one last medicine. She told me it will totally work or do nothing. IT WORKED with no side effects and after two years of two pills a day, I was down to one pill most days. PLEASE bring Entex LA back. It would change my life. I now take so many over the counter pills and eyedrops. This medicine was like a miracle medicine to a person suffering with allergies all their life."
"I have had RLS since I was 40.  It got progressively worse as I grew older to the point that I could barely function.  I couldn&#039;t go out to eat with friends, or a movie, or church because I couldn&#039;t sit still that long.  It was affecting my job.  My family doctor had me on Sinimet for 16 years and then my body became resistant to it.  She sent me to a neurologist which proscribed Neupro.  It was life changing for me.  I noticed such a difference within 24 hours.  I felt like I had my life back again.   I do have some side effects from it.  The spot where the patch is on at times drives me crazy because it itches.  It does make me somewhat irritable at times.  Is it worth the side effects?  You betcha!!!!"
"*people with endometriosis or depression good option* I&#039;m 20 years old and I had a surgery and was diagnosed with stage 3 endometriosis, They urged me to try out skyla to relieve some of my chronic pain. I was hesitant because of my medications and my history with bc pills but the doctor assured me that this will not make me unbalanced and the estrogen was most likely doing that to me on the pills. Getting the iud was one of the worst pains I&#039;ve ever experienced and the next few weeks wasn&#039;t any better. I bled heavily for a month and lots of pain but I am now obsessed with skyla GIVE IT THE 3 MONTHS. After month 2 I feel GREAT. I am the best I&#039;ve felt in years. I still get my period but not as heavily and pain free."
"I have been on Invokana two weeks now and I love it, sugars went from 300&#039;s to 90&#039;s. I feel great exercising again losing weight, but having the vaginal infections I hope as my body adjusts this will go away. Been diabetic since 2009 tried many meds. And this has been the best for me. I would recommend anyone to try it!"
"The drug works very well for the asthma but the side effects are overwhelming.  I experience severe anger and aggression and must stop the medication.  I have attempted to take the medication on several occasions due to necessity with serious asthma but continue to have the same side effects."
"My wife and I have found this to be the most effective antacid we have used. The others actually give us indigestion while Ron-Acid gives us relief."
"Possibly the worst mental med I&#039;ve ever taken, &amp; I&#039;ve taken many over the years.  It gave me an intense derealization side effect (only time I&#039;ve experienced this, &amp; it was unsettling as hell), and truly horrible, constant gas (as in, so bad I couldn&#039;t be in public)!  
Those who were brave enough to hold their breath &amp; be around me told me that my affect was pretty flat as well.  So basically it made me freaked out, flat, &amp; repulsive all at the same time: thumbs down."
"I had been taking Valium crack and heroin for the day and ended up getting abit more heroin at nite, after I took it my friend kept telling me I was grey with blue lips but I was to doped to care!
We ended up staying at my house and I nodded off very fast, 
I woke him up 3 minutes late by vomiting on him but he couldn&#039;t wake me so he put me in recovery position and phoned ambulance.
15mins late they came and found that my heart was beating just 6 times a minute and unresponsive so they pumped air into my stomach and gave me a shot of narcan and I just remember seeing white lights as my lights were on in my room and green clothes of the paramedics they carried me into the ambulance and when I arrived they had to give me another dose. It saved my life"
"I had a cyst removed from my spinal cord, cervical (neck) region; I recovered well, but the cyst had permanently damaged my spinal cord. I was eventually given this drug, Gabapentin, which I take 1800mg per day. The pain and other sensations are not completely taken away, but I can do basic household chores for 20 minutes at a time without feeling too hampered. I can also sleep through the night. Side effects for me (female, 38 years) are slight constipation (handy, as I have double incontinence!) and more fuzziness/clumsiness than usual. I felt dizzy and &#039;doped-up&#039; at times when I first started taking the meds, but this sort of thing improved over the weeks. I recommend trying this drug if typical strong pain meds haven&#039;t worked for you."
"EPIDUO saved my life!!! Cant believe I didn&#039;t know about this before. I have been using epiduo for about two weeks now my skin cleared the first week. The first few days I used alot and dried my skin. Now I don&#039;t have one spot!!! I recommend this product. I don&#039;t think this product works for everyone sadly but worth the try! I have my confidence back and will use epiduo for as long as it works"
"I tried a tiny amount smaller than pea sized on my forehead and cheeks ONE TIME and had the worst rebound flushing for SEVERAL MONTHS.  Finally after 14 MONTHS of not using the drug my face is getting back to the baseline pre-mirvaso.  I would hate to see how much damage this drug could do over long term use if just one use wrecked my face for over a year.

I would absolutely not recommend this for anyone, I&#039;m actually surprised Galderma still even has this on the market."
"I have been taking Letrozole for one year now after a diagnosis of hormone related breast cancer. Initially my consultant (UK) said I would need a right sided mastectomy.  However two weeks later when the biopsy results were back he said he did not think surgery was possible because the tumour appeared to be attached to the muscle.  However, CT scan and MRI revealed a 1mm plane between the tumour and the muscle - phew!  Letrozole was so effective that it shrank and softened the tumour and by January 2015 I was able to have a bilateral mastectomy.  Lymph glands and bone scan were clear.
Side effects:  persistent hot flashes, so I always wear blouses with buttons and carry an ordinary fan in my handbag; it is a life saver."
"Was on Chantix for about two weeks.  I did not take the PM dose or I would never sleep.  I did slow down and almost stopped within that time, but found I was irritable, cranky, and VERY depressed.  The side effects were mostly emotional.  I had to stop taking Chantix.  When you wake up in the morning feeling like it was the night before and the &quot;sun&quot; is not shining = entering deep depression, it is time to quit the medication."
"I got nexaplanon on April 9, 2015. It was fine at first. I knew I would bleed for 3-6 months after getting it implanted. After 6 months I kept bleeding and then after a year I was still bleeding. It is now July 2016 and I&#039;ve been bleeding ever since. I&#039;m miserable."
"I have been working out for the past year and a half. I&#039;ve taken many kinds of diet pills and let me tell you this is by far the BEST thing. I&#039;ve lost 35lbs and I feel wonderful. I do feel a little jittery but I can handle that. It&#039;s great and I hope it never goes away. Love it!"
"12 weeks in. 1.5 dose. Severe cramping of legs and abdominal area. Not digestive. Flank muscles under ribs bilaterally. This drug dose was suspect but I take lots of things. I took it 2 days late and found myself coming under control without cramps. Injected it at 10 pm last night. Up at 4 am next morning with such severe cramps that I fell down."
"I&#039;ve had bulging disc stenosis and bone spurs. I take oxycodone, which made me itch so they gave me morphine 60 ER. They work very well for me. I take 15mgfor breakthrough pain."
"As a practicing physician, Concerta really targets the receptor cells better than other narcotics for ADHD. I recommend Concerta for any patient who suffers from moderate to severe ADHD."
"Insertion: It really isn&#039;t that bad. Is it the best thing I&#039;ve ever felt? Not by a long shot but the best way to describe the pain is a sharp pinch and then it&#039;s over immediately.
Bleeding: About 4 months after I had Skyla inserted I bled heavily for 3 - 4 weeks. I&#039;m not going to lie, it was awful and a lot of good underwear had to be thrown out. I thought it would never end. But one day, it did and it retrospect I&#039;d do it over again to reap the benefits I&#039;m currently experiencing. It&#039;s just something you have to tough out.
All in all: Skyla is great. I love it. Light to nonexistent period, no worry about having sex, no real side effects on my end. Highly recommend it&#039;s worth it."
"So far I really like Yasmin, I had a mild problem with acne and serious mood swings. I was also having a significant amount of dark coarse facial hair due low amounts of estrogen. I&#039;ve seen improvements in all 3 areas. 
I started taking Yasmin on the second day of my period and by the third day, my period was gone. 
The only downer is that it makes me really tired. I&#039;m always a little cranky because I&#039;m sleepy. It seems as though Yasmin is good for a lot of other problems young women have and it&#039;s just a plus that it prevents pregnancy."
"The day you are diagnosed with HSV2 is an incredibly traumatic experience. Everyone&#039;s first thought is, &quot;who would want to be with me now?&quot; The social stigma of the virus has always been greater than the reality of it. I, like many of you, struggled with the idea of living with it until I was given Valtrex. It looks like a horse pill, but it suppresses the virus so much that I forget I even have it. I hope there will be a cure in the next 5 years, but until then, Valtrex will be more than sufficient. Hang in there, everyone, it&#039;s more common than you think!"
"This medication has given me my life back.  I have now have clarity and balance back in my life.  So far, I have not gained any weight and have experienced no side effects.  I also suffered from severe insomnia, which is completely gone."
"I have been on Cymbalta for about 4 years.  Worst side effect is sweating, which can be annoying.  Also, if I lay down during the day, I can go to sleep at just about any time; so I don&#039;t lay down.  Much less sexual side effects than other anti-depressants I was on (several of them).  Since there is no generic, it is a bit expensive, but I feel so much better than I did before, it is worth it!"
"After not having a BM in a week due to opiates, I decided to take some Dulcolax to help out. Ive taken it twice before once was awful and once was pretty okay. Currently sitting on the toilet dying a slow Dulcolax death. Decided to look it up and stumbled across your guys&#039; experiences and it makes me feel better that it&#039;s not just me lol. So, thank you guys. Sure as hell is effective but prepare yourself for one hell of a journey."
"Start taking phentermine 30mg in Oct, 28 2012-Dec, 28. I lost 10lbs. Stop taking for 1 month. Now I&#039;m back on it. Feb 1/13 side effect. Dry mouth, chills, blood pressure high. so I&#039;m going to start drinking apple cider vinegar before I take my pill with 8oz water, 1 TABLESPOON of ACV. I feel great."
"I was a herion addict for 10yrs and at my rock bottom lost everything, sold everything even my beloved dog just for a bag, sick isnt the word for herion addiction, I had know way out. One got caught stealing cell phones from my family members, I was in jail detoxing thinking I was going to die. Once I got out jail clean I was determined to find a suboxone doctor and I did it was the best choice I have ever made! Now im 2 years clean and suboxone was a important tool and helping me do so! I owe my life to suboxone and it really offends me when people bash the drug because its a true life saving drug!"
"I feel okay about this BC method because I hate taking pills and the other methods I don&#039;t really like because of the fact we&acute;d keep them inside our body (the ring, the umbrella, the one thats inside your arm). And then the shot causes thinning of the bones. But the negative thing is that it causes me to be super emotional, and get really bad mood swings. I SOMETIMES get bad migraines and nauseousness. I also feel sensitive to fumes and smells."
"After years on inhalers, my doctor gave me this &amp; I hardly ever have to use an inhaler anymore"
"This medication has been helping me since day 1. I had to work through my own set of side effects, of course, but with the help of my doctor and 20mg / night of Latuda, I am well on my way towards a more stable life. I was very leery about taking the step to be on medication again, what with all the trials and errors, as well as misdiagnoses of my past. After barely even 3 weeks of taking Latuda, I feel almost proud of myself for taking this step. I am able to function again with a healthy routine."
"I am 30 yrs old, I had a mild heart attack in the first week of May 2012 had 95% blockage. Had stent put in taking 75 mgs of Plavix and aspirin regimen. I bruise really easy but no side effects I know of yet."
"This is my second month on it. I switched from Junel to this since the pharmacy I go to doesn&#039;t carry Junel any longer. I have had no negative side affects and no pregnancy. I was nervous at first because everyone is so negative about it. But hey guess what? Everyone&#039;s body is different and will experience different side affects. So if this is a new BC for you. Give it a chance."
"I am 29 years old and today is the first day in 16 years that I was able to wear a light colored shirt ALL DAY while 90 degrees outside and not have one wet spot under my arms.  I honestly feel like a whole new woman.  My closet has consisted of nothing but black shirts for over 10 years.  I have always loved color and have never been able to wear any color. Even in the winter I would sweat all day even if it was freezing outside.  
I have now applied Hypercare for 3 nights and i have NO wetness..... its amazing."
"I went to planned parenthood at 17 to discuss bc options for me. We both decided skyla seemed like the best choice for me.
The insertion was about a 4 out of 10. I was on my period so it helped.

I have had skyla for almost 2 years. I bled for 5 months and I was getting frustrated and about to have it removed. Im so glad I didn&#039;t because I haven&#039;t had a cycle in since. 
Very happy with the adult decision I made and will be getting a new one placed in a year!"
"I was on 300mg. Of Effexor XR for 3 years and did not realise what it was doing to me until I weaned myself off it.  I had constant suicidal thoughts and attempted suicide several times.  I had severe alcohol craving and was labelled an alcoholic and had several very expensive stays in re-hab.  I suffered horrific nightmares, paranoia and at times had difficulty rationalising what was reality.  I lost all ability to handle my finances.  My relationships were severely damaged because of this and I almost died 4 times.  I have now been off it for 4 months and I am a different person.  I no longer have nightmares, suicidal thoughts or crave or drink alcohol. This is an extremely dangerous drug!  Avoid it completely!  My story is not unique."
"I started taking Marlissa about 5 months ago and when I first started taking it it took about a month for me to adjust. I had mood swings, worsened anxiety and depression, and I was tired all the time. The pros of this pill were decreased acne and my boobs got bigger! My period is also now 3 days instead of 7 and I have basically no cramps. The reason I started taking the pill was because of my extremely painful cramps and it did its job of taking them away which I am grateful for. I have recently realized I have been getting panic attacks a week before my period and I am not sure if it is because of the birth control or just me."
"The taste of Suprep is every bit as horrible as they say on the Internet. It is effective in causing diarrhea though, which is the intent of colonoscopy prep. 
It is horrible, you get the runs, multiple times you will need to go to the washroom because of diarrhea. That is annoying, having to go to the toilet so many times in rapid succession. So dehydration is a danger and people have to keep drinking a lot of liquids. A recommendation I would give to those planning to use Suprep, wear adult diaper or wear nothing at all. This is because while you are drinking Suprep you may suddenly leak something. Suprep causes diarrhea and it can do it quickly."
"I LOVED this birth control! Never had any side effects. Breasts got bigger, which was a plus. Face was clear. The only reason I stopped taking it was because I am abstinent and no longer need a birth control. It&#039;s amazing! Three thumbs up."
"I took one tablet for my sinus infection and was severely ill for 36 hours.  Uncontrolled vomiting, nausea, diaherra &amp; body aches.  I probably should have went to the hospital"
"I was just placed on Tenuate 2 days ago by my physician. I have tried many weight loss options but have had no success. I just have no will power. I am an RN, and reading about this medication I must say that I am going into it a little frightened. But, if you all can do it...so can I! I was so motivated by your many success stories, I hope that I can be one to post one also. My first day mirrored some in that the dry mouth and jitters are what bothered me. I don&#039;t think I will be able to take the medication at work. That will be okay, I don&#039;t have much time to think about food anyway. Lol! Best of Luck to you all!!!"
"I was on Cytomel for a couple of years. Then my dose got increased along with my Synthroid medication dose. I began having tremors, heart palpitations and tachycardia.  It was a terrifying experience! My symptoms almost entirely went away when going off this medication but, I feel as though my heart was dramatically affected and I don&#039;t know yet whether or not it was actually even damaged."
"Fluphenazine works well for stopping visual and auditory for me but it gives me urinary probloms"
"I have been on multiple pain meds for scoliosis and a previous break. This works better than the fentanyl patches, and way better than the MsContins I was on. They don&#039;t make feel groggy or have an upset stomach. Highly recommended."
"Its been about 6 months since I started on lexapro and so far it really helped with my anxiety. I used to be nervous over little things and get sweaty hands due to it. my anxiety was slowly but surely taking over my life and prevented me from doing the things I enjoy. the first week or two I got side effects ( dry throat, vivid dreams, tiredness) which is normal and your body adjusting to the medication. the thing about this medicine is you have to be patient. you will really start to feel great effects after a few months. I now don&#039;t feel the anxiety and pain that I used to deal with every day. I recommend this medication but it may not work for everyone. also if you stop , you will get withdrawals (know that before you start)"
"I have been on Seroquel for several years, mixed with other medicines. Recently tried reducing strength but couldn&#039;t sleep or concentrate due to racing thoughts. Keeps me normal (as &quot;normal&quot; as anyone else). Also take Lamictal for mood-stabilizer/anti-depressant and Citalopram for anxiety/depression. Does make me very sleepy so I must take it before 9 pm to feel awake enough to function at 6:30 am Life-saver for me and my family."
"320mg total of megace daily taken in 4 doses.  No side effects after first few days.  Want to avoid major surgery - hysterectomy. My tip is eat before you take it so you are not hungry. Eat clean food - mostly alkaline plant based. No sugar or caffeine. I feel great! Saying a prayer that each of you (and me!) can avoid major surgery and keep our female organs!"
"Started taking Flecainide in 2008.  Doctor suggested 100mg twice a day to control Atrial Fibrillation.  I asked if I could take 1/2 a pill twice a day (50mg x 2).  Even though he said it wouldn&#039;t be enough, I wanted to try the lower dose.  My theory was that if I have to take a medicine, the least amount that would serve the purpose would be preferred.  He agreed to let me try the lower dose. The only time I&#039;ve had atrial fibrillation since is when I forgot to take the medicines.  Four years on Flecainide, so far so good, with no noticeable side effects."
"I have been taking Topimax off and on for 10 years. After having cancer and eventually neck surgery I had severe head aches. I was finally prescribed Topimax. I started at a low dose. My neurologist kept upping my amount until we found the right amount I needed to work for me. It is a miracle drug for me, I tried everything! Nothing else worked for my head aches. The weight loss is a great bonus! The side affects do go away, I say trry it, you can always stop taking it if needed.  I am currently at 300 mlg daily. I just started again wish me luck!"
"I started taking Busbar earlier this year.
I&#039;m unable to work due to severe depression, severe anxiety, and PTSD.  Initially, it eased my muscles and eased my anxiety better than xanax.

Since I have been on it, my face is fat and I&#039;ve gained weight in places where I have never had a problem.  My formerly long thick hair is thin.  My skin became thin and dry.  At one point, I had patches of hair missing; through prayer, it&#039;s coming back.

Today I was so disgusted with the changes and prayed for a reason as to why these things were happening.It came to me to look up the side effects of busbar and BAM, they were all there.  

Warning this stuff can cause alopecia.  I&#039;m going to stop taking it."
"I had the Implanon inserted in June 2011 and had it taken out recently in June 2014 when my three year mark was up. I&#039;m giving it a six because it did prevent pregnancy in my case. Pros from my experience: No periods &amp; no pregnancies.
Cons from my experiences: 80lbs weight gained(I also had some family issues, work &amp; school. Not blaming it all on the birth control). NO sex drive at all I was never in the mood, and my feet seemed to get bigger. Other than that its a great birth control. It works effectively on other people. Some have no weight gain and some do. I do recommended this because it does work great for preventing pregnancy!"
"Started taking for bladder infection, got to day 2 of taking the medication when it started giving me random sharp stomach pains (wasn&#039;t having any dairy products either) and caused me to have panic attacks where I felt extremely dizzy. I had to ask for another medication."
"I contracted Hep C 1a thirty years ago.  I am 53 yrs old and have stage 4 fibrosis,...Started taking Harvoni one month ago and have had various side effects including headaches, nausea, insomnia and fatigue.  Nothing I cant handle.  On the up side, my red palms are fading to white, my spider naevus on my legs and chest also fading and disappearing.  I felt like a different person after 3 days on Harvoni.  My brain fog started to clear and my moods stabilised.  I&#039;m not saying that I don&#039;t have bad days, I do.  The side effects are transitory so hang in there.  I have my first bloods due in two days time.  Hoping to see a significant drop in my viral load and hoping that my liver is recovering somewhat."
"My son started Vyvanse two weeks ago and the difference is incredible. He has never had behavioral issues and only suffers from ADD. He just couldn&#039;t concentrate or stay on task. Reading was a nightmare and he was barely managing to pass. We were scared of trying any medicines but are so glad that we did. He did experience a few side effects such as headaches and nausea the first few days, but those have passed. Most important, he is still my son, no zombies. Homework is easy and his teacher already reports better grades. I encourage any parent to at least try this medicine. It has improved our quality of life even. We have more time for fun stuff and I don&#039;t have to nag him constantly to do his normal chores. They get done the first time."
"I switched to Trulicity from Tradjenta at the recommendation of my Nurse Practitioner. The first two weeks taking .75 dosage, I had mild nausea and a little bit of a headache that lasted maybe one day. Week three, it all went to hell. I took it on Wednesday night, as usual. Thursday, mild nausea and a little bit of a headache. Friday, I woke up from the nausea and vomited into my own hands running for the bathroom. I was extremely nauseous all day long. No appetite. Diarrhea all day long. And then, these toxic, sulfur burps every couple of seconds accompanied by an awful taste in my mouth. I was exhausted. This lasted two days. By Sunday, I felt almost better. I&#039;m not taking this anymore. Now, I paid for a ton of this stuff I won&#039;t even use"
"Best pain killer ever known."
"Please, if you`re going to try and treat a cold then go the natural route ! I learned the hard way. I`ve been sick with sore throat and nasal congestion since Tuesday-Wednesday and finally I asked my mom to go out and get medicine. My Mom went out and brought me Children`s Mucinex and after taking 2 doses [I`m 18 years old and 2 doses of the children&#039;s medicine is equivalent to the original] I lost all senses of smell and it wasn&#039;t worth it at all. I regret taking Mucinex and I googled this symptom and the people who has had this problem still has yet to gain there sense of smell back. I&#039;m so afraid. On top of that I feel no real relief, just more pressure on my breathing."
"this is my second day of taking Armour.  I may have to get used to it.  I haven&#039;t slept well since I have taken it.  I feel very alert and not relaxed.  I am going to stick with it since it is more of a balance of t3 and t4, I hope.  I was getting no results from levothyroxine."
"I waited years to take this until I found a doctor who used it for Rosacea.  I think I was on it for less than 3 months and it totally changed my skin for the better. Accutane was a miracle cure for me.  I took it about 25 years ago and have rarely had to deal with Rosacea since.  When it does flare up I can handle it with tiny amounts of topical medication.  But follow the rules and don&#039;t become pregnant.  This is serious medicine."
"I am on my 2nd month with Contrave.  I have actually gained weight...  I walk for an hour almost every day &amp; I try to eat healthier. I think I eat more &amp; crave sweets even more.  
I don&#039;t know what to do...  I am going to continue taking it hopefully it will turn around for me."
"Great relief and only noticed side effects were drowsiness and slight appetite loss."
"I have horrible hay fever. Regular antihistamines do not work for me. I still suffer a lot if I take them. Terrible itchy eyes, runny nose, terrible asthma at night which kept me up, and a whole lot of sneezing and an achy body. My doctor prescribed me Singulair along with Patanol and Nasonex. Singulair has changed my life forever. My symptoms have been reduced by as much as 95%. I have no asthma, sneeze occasionally and my itchy eye episodes occur sporadically but stop within minutes. I don&#039;t usually even carry eye drops with me anymore. Which before would have been insane of me not to do. I&#039;ll give Singulair a 10/10 due to the fact that I&#039;ve had amazing results and it&#039;s the only medication I need to make it through allergy season!"
"Right after surgery, I had a fever, confusion, my blood pressure and rate of breathing went very low. I had not pee&#039;d for several hours,  I had an oxygen level of 60 while I was sleepy and out of it. I was given 60mg of Lasix and not even 15 minutes later I was non stop peeing, my blood pressure and rate of breathing picked up quite a lot. 
I can&#039;t even imagine that the pee kept going on and on with the girls using bedpans for me. I was just out of surgery so that was necessary. Doctor kept
the oxygen level up to an 8 for the rest of the night. I believe that the medicine saved my life even though I threw up on it."
"So there are alot of negative reviews but mine is a overall positive. No baby so that&#039;s great! Never had a period AT ALL. I am a complete spaz about needles and you feel a small pinch. It is tender for about a week after. I&#039;m on my second nexplanon and I have to admit you do gain a  little bit of weight. For me I stress eat and I&#039;m more moody so it makes sense. Both times I was extremely Emotional for the first 2-3 months after placement. It cools down some after that. Biggest bummer is low sex drive. But to get it is  easy- it takes 10 mins don&#039;t have to think about it for 3 years! Hope this is helpful."
"Was super stressed for a few days. You must be too. If you&#039;ve taken this pill before your fertile/ovulation day,  I&#039;d say it will definitely work, have no worries. I&#039;ve had unprotected sex nov 17, my last period was Nov 6, took the pill 36 hours after (November 18). Felt cramping after 24 hours of intake, second day,  felt pain on left lower abdomen,  followed with bloatedness and more mild cramping a few days after. 11 days after pill, period came with mild cramping. Very dark red scanty blood.  I&#039;m on my 2nd day of period now. Don&#039;t use this pill if possible.  It truly messes up your hormones and it was a nasty experience.
I wish you all the best of luck."
"I had been suffering with chronic pain for years.  Finally, a friend pointed out to me how depressed I was most of the time.  I suppose I have been suffering from some sort of depression most of my life, but just accepted the feelings as normal or just my personality in general.  Finally I found a pain specialist who put me on a very effective combination of meds, including Cymbalta.  Along with morphine and percocet it has worked wonders for me.  I seem to be as good now as I could ever imagine.  Bouts of depression are very mild and far between each other.  My pain is still there but mild enough to not effect my outlook on life.  The only warning I have about taking Cymbalta is to make sure you don&#039;t run out.  Missing few days is a horror"
"I took Monistat 1 at around bedtime and by the next afternoon I was in tears about to freak out while on public transportation because I have never felt such discomfort in my life. My vagina was incredibly inflamed and felt like it was on fire, and my itch was ten times worse but even coming close to touching it made me want to die. Worst week of my life. some women have had positive experiences but in my opinion it&#039;s not worth the risk. I wouldn&#039;t wish what Monistat 1 did to me on my worst enemy."
"I I&#039;ve taken Ambien, and now the generic, for 10 or 11 years. I usually took it only when sleeping away from home. The last month, or so, I&#039;ve needed it every night to fall asleep. I always try to fall asleep on my own first but it has become increasingly difficult. I have absolutely no side effects and never have had. I never get out of bed during the night and feel totally refreshed when I wake in the morning. I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do without it."
"I being on Celexa 20 mg for 2 weeks to treat premenstrual dysphoric disorder. I don&#039;t know if is going to work for me yet but the symptoms I have experience now is a lot of nausea yawning and I feel extremely tired. My sleep patterns also change I want to sleep during the day and at night am wide awake. I guess I will tell all this symptoms to my doctor on my 4 week visit which is in 2 weeks and see what she thinks about it."
"I was on this pill for a little more than one year before I switched to an IUD (mirena)

Pros:
-regular, short, predictable periods with little to no PMS
-clear skin
-went up a cup size (B to C)

Cons:
-increased vaginal discharge and odor
-weight gain (20lbs) with little to no change in diet/exercise 
-moodiness/days of low energy 

I might have stayed on this pill because of the regular periods and clear acne, but the weight gain made me self conscious and a break from daily pills (with IUD) was appealing."
"I&#039;ve been taking this drug since Friday...god! I thought I was alone with these effects..my head feels like it&#039;s always swaying..I have this weird taste in my mouth..so I can&#039;t eat with it..and I feel like crying..cause I have to eat to be better..my stomach is in the worse pain imaginable...and I discharge brown color on the third day..doesn&#039;t help that I have my period as well..my boyfriend trying to help me eat..with another form of medication..it helps....and sometimes helps me sleep..I haven&#039;t yet figured out if my bv is gone..cause it is the holidays...I&#039;m glad to say that the smell is gone..and I&#039;m no longer itchy..but everytime I take that pill I countdown the days when I done.."
"For around a year now I have been battling severe dry eye. I had worn contacts for years and even slept in them sometimes (most likely the cause of my dry eye now) but never had any pain or symptoms. All of a sudden this past summer my vision blurred, my eyes burned, and my fight with dry eye began. I started using Xiidra at the end of February and I have definitely noticed some improvements. My vision isn&#039;t blurry all the time as it used to be and I can actually tolerate wearing contacts again. My eyes still burn quite a bit but I&#039;m hoping with continued use, this medicine will help. The only bad side effect I&#039;ve experienced is a terrible taste in my mouth that can sometimes last for hours, but it&#039;s worth it in my opinion."
"Pristiq has helped with my depression and anxiety. I can&#039;t believe how good these are. It really does boost your energy levels, morning&#039;s were the worst for me, waking up was hard. Not anymore. I&#039;m much happier, its also boosted my sex drive."
"Works well eliminating migraine within an hour.
Side effects are increased urination for 2 hours. Increased heartbeat for 2 hours."
"26-uk-So the reason I gave 5 is cause I&#039;m currently taking the 1st L. Disgusting, since 7pm I haven&#039;t managed to finish the last 4 glasses as I would just wanna throw up and I really need this medicine to work as I have got a colonoscopy tomorrow.  Two months ago I was hospitalized for diverticulitis, so now I really need to get passed this examination, until 9pm I managed to drink almost everything, but didn&#039;t have any movement, I thought the solution wouldn&#039;t work.  Then at 10pm when it hit me ! Still didn&#039;t finish to go toilet and like the others said its literally like peeing out of your bum. No unbearable cramps though."
"Excellent for alcohol withdraw. Only on it for 5 days or so and was tapered off it completely. Could not have quit alcohol without it. Solved the cold sweats, DTs and the other withdrawal problems. ."
"I started on 25gm day / 25mg at night and it didn&#039;t touch me. Went up to 25mg day and 50mg night and the same happened. On 50mg day and 100mg at night, worked for a week and the Manics are back but less severe but the lows are lower than I&#039;ve ever felt. I came on here looking for answers to what mg does Bipolar be treated at? I&#039;m in assessment and no one will tell me whether I am or not. I know I am! History in family and the highs, lows, rage, plus more are definitely more than depression (I was misdiagnosed for 20 years). I&#039;m just praying that I find peace in my days. My work involves intense creativity and I&#039;m afraid the drug will close this door for me."
"I was on Balziva for the past year but my new insurance won&#039;t cover it so my doctor prescribed Blisovi. I am on the first week of my second pack. I got my period with heavy bleeding on the second week of my first pack then continued to have cramps until the fourth week. I had spotting when I was supposed to have my period according to the pack. At the beginning of each pack so far I&#039;ve experienced horrible nausea. I thought it was my body adjusting to new medication but after reading these reviews I may need to take these symptoms up with my doctor."
"I&#039;m on this medication and every morning I wake up dizzy and nauseated. I also find it hard to orgasm during sex."
"I developed severe panic attacks. I felt like I was dying or going to pass out. Something was seriously wrong with me.  Logically I knew nothing was going to happen but then the panic came anyone I left the house. Shaking, sweating, disorentation, couldn&#039;t breathe etc etc. Starting lexapro was hard. I started at small dose of 5mg and had to adjust to it. Nothing more than I already felt. After about 2 weeks I started to not notice I was taking anything.  And then all the sudden I was at a store and I forgot to panic,  I felt fine.  I do have panic attacks still they are not gone but better.  There are situations I still can&#039;t handle but daily living,  going to work, school function,  dinner etc I can now do."
"I&#039;ve been on 200mg of lamotrigine for 5 years. I also take 50mg of seroquel at bedtime which also helps immensely with my insomnia. And yes, it took a moment to pull that last word our of my brain and I do goof up words sometimes, but so do all the other alcoholics I know and love. I self medicated for many years and it worked even better after quitting 2 years ago. I still am a little manic, and vaguely depressed under stress, but this treatment has been a lifesaver. I highly recommend giving it a try if your unhappy with your current regimen, but you&#039;ll have to give it time. It took me about 6 months to get the full benefit."
"I have knee and joint ache. I use it once in a week and it gives me relief for five days.  First three days, I feel no pain anywhere in the body, then it going aching slowly and grows gradually.  If i take it regularly once in a week, I am comfortable and have no side effects felt yet."
"I have complained to Doctor for 14 yrs about low sex drive and erectile dysfunction. Every year doctor would test my Total T level and give me samples of the erectile dysfunction drug of the month and a script for 6 pills with or without refill. In that time I was treated for anxiety and insomnia. I also had surgery on my left shoulder for pain from unknown cause (no rotator cuff issue). Starting to have pain in right shoulder.  I was in a very bad relationship and stayed cause I didn&#039;t think I could do any better. I was told to get Free T tested,  I went to dr and asked what was my free T level last year, he had never tested it! It was low!  I started to take testosterone cypionate and within 3 weeks I was off anxiety and insomnia medicine and right should pain is gone!"
"Plaquenil has changed my life! I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis three months ago. My rheumotologist started me on this 200mg twice a day and after about a week I noticed a dramatic effect in my hands and feet.  I used to wake up in the morning with swollen hands and feet and it took about a half an hour for the swelling/pain to subside.  No longer is this true! I am 37 years old and finally have enough energy to keep up with my 4 children and busy husband.  I sleep better, feel more focused in the daytime, and do not get tired from doing small tasks anymore.  I am hoping to reduce my dosage and see if I can still get the same results."
"I started taking Geodon back in May or June of 2013. It worked well enough but made me indifferent. Yes, it did help me get out of an incredibly long and terrible state of depression, but I lost the ability to feel anything at all. My legs would become restless (most often at night) and I was always exhausted. I would even doze off or completely fall asleep at work.  I stayed on it for a few months then stopped taking it when I started a hypomanic phase."
"I&#039;ve been using the patch for over two years because I have no other choice. only upside is ive never gotten pregnant on it. Right away I noticed side effects of gaining weight and nausea. Over time the symptoms became worse. Everyday Monday after changing the patch I become very ill. I wake up hot and disorientated. Then my body forces me to violently vomit for 4-5 hours.  While this happens I experience chest pain.  Difficulty breathing.  Extreme exhaustion. so dizzy I can&#039;t walk. My heart feels like it almost skips beats then tries to catch up to itself.  It&#039;s like having food poisoning."
"I am 28 years old and a wife and mommy of two. The only reason I was put on birth control was due to painful periods and possibly having endometriosis. And the thought of only a 2-3 day period and no pain for periods sounded nice but I was on this birth control for 4 months till I had a scare and had to switch to another one. It made me bleed a lot and have blood clots. I felt nausea. And I was told it was normal so I kept taking it until the scare happened when I started having really sharp chest pain that sent me to the hospital, it seemed like I was having a heart attack! It also made me very emotional and depressed. I would not recommend this pill."
"I&#039;m usually pretty tolerant of drugs, but this one was awful! Hot and cold flashes, sweating, abdominal cramps, headaches.The tablet form was much better. The scariest side effect for both forms for me is that my period stopped for 3 months and I&#039;ve never had any variation with that kind of thing. Felt like I was going through menopause even though I&#039;m very young."
"I have been taking this for 2 days. It is great, I have been losing my appetite but have been eating when I get home. Other then that it is great."
"I&#039;ve had this for about 6 months and I haven&#039;t got my period since I got put on this most people would think this is great but I have sex all the time and every month I worry am I pregnant and with the implant it&#039;s possible to have a ectopic which would mean outside the womb which could kill you so I&#039;m really considering getting it taken out. Other then that if you don&#039;t worry like me then its great."
"I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia about seven years ago.  I have taken Norco as prescribed by my physician along with other medications.  Norco has improved my quality of life 100% as it allows me to manage down my pain level so that I am capable of conducting everyday living without that heavy narcotic side effects i.e., feeling &quot;high&quot;, sleepiness, nausea, abdominal discomfort.  I think I have developed a mild physical or mental dependence due to the length of time that I&#039;ve been on the medicine. First and foremost I take the medicine as directed and I do not wait until my pain level is at a 10 before I act otherwise it&#039;s effects are limited.  Norco has been very helpful in giving me my like back!"
"I am very happy with Concerta. I am 17 years old and started taking this about 3 months ago. Before I took this, I had a lot of trouble in school with paying attention and focusing, and after I took it, I noticed an immediate difference and it was so much easier to focus and pay attention. Another really positive feedback from Concerta is that it helps me engage in conversation more because I am more focused and I don&#039;t interrupt people like I used to. Also, it helps me think things through more."
" On May 18th this guy came completely inside of me and he wasn&#039;t wearing a condom/I wasn&#039;t on birth control. Around 5 hours later I took plan B. On May 22nd I got my &quot;period&quot; which I later learned was withdrawal bleeding but anyways it was really heavy for a few days and then got progressively lighter. I had spotting for about a week and a half after the heavy days which has never happened to me but I read the pill can make your cycle irregular so I didn&#039;t worry too much about it. Around 11 days after the &#039;act&#039; I took a test and it was negative. I waited a week and took another test (so 18 days after the &#039;act&#039;) and it was negative! Not pregnant!! Yay!!"
"skyla was personally the worst decision I ever made. I don&#039;t know if because of the hormones and stuff in it but I got it inserted a week ago and ever since then I&#039;ve been dizzy and no appetite. last time I took a birth control with hormones in it it also made me throw up many times and made me extremely sick. If your body doesn&#039;t react well with hormones and stuff I would recommend not to get it. I am going to get it removed today (which I only had it in for a week) I was never really a big fan of foreign objects in the body anyway! Other then the annoying side effects when it was inserted all I felt was cramping! no sharp pains or anything just minor cramping!"
"I have had Bipolar disorder since I was 14 and never knew what it was. about 4 years ago I asked my Doc for something to help with depression and he prescribed 10 MG of Lexapro. I couldn&#039;t believe how much it helped.  He bumped me up to 20mg a day (I&#039;m 6ft , 250 lbs).When I went to a rehab where they prescribed a lot more meds wich eventually had very bad side effects so I was pulled off of it and switched to welabutrin.I think this drug works great alone but watch for other drug reactions."
"I have always been up and down with my weight, but never to the point where you look at yourself in the mirror and don&#039;t know who you are looking at any more. Well!!! I have reached that point where I said &quot;ENOUGH IS ENOUGH&quot; I tried working out and eating well, a personal trainer, fasting, pills, diets and a lot more. You name it, I tried it! Well 6 weeks ago I decided to give Adipex-P along with B12 &amp; Methionine Inositol Choline (MIC) Injections injections a try. Guess what? I have lost 26 pounds. I cant explain how amazing this feels... IT WORKS! The 1st week alone I lost 8 pounds and I didn&#039;t even work out. The only side effect I got is Dry mouth which is good b/c it keep you drinking water. Once you see it works you will keep going b/c you feel motivated. Good Luck :) &amp; GBU"
"Week three on Qsymia. Lost 2 lbs this week. Not feeling great on this level, bad headaches and insomnia. I am having trouble sleeping at night, so stopped now."
"I have been on generic celexa for about two weeks now. I was searching for something to help me with deteriorating anxiety. I had no idea it would also make me less irrational, and nicer. I don&#039;t get upset over everything now. I feel confident and myself again. Lots of side effects though. Currently have a hollow feeling at all times, very spaced out, memory loss, cannot orgasm, insomnia, unable to tell when I am hungry, and since I have upped my dose to 20mg I also clench my jaw often. For me the good out weighs the bad though. I am just happy to not be feeling so manic nonstop"
"I had initial T-cell count of 175 (full blown AIDS) &amp; viral load of 220,000 almost 4 years ago. I began Atripla and within 6 months my numbers were sensational; T-cells 600  and viral load was/is undetectable. The crazy dreams were minimal. I miss solid bowel movements but that is a very low price to pay for my health and peace of mind. I went back to college a couple of years ago and I can not take the medicines and stay up really late to do homework because it feels really weird and my head spins but if I take it and go right to bed then I feel nothing unusual. I have never paid attention to the not eating for two hours guidelines and have noticed no issues. I am eternally grateful for Atripla."
"The good: Try this product. I was always embarrassed to tell my doctor and afraid of side effects. Well all the topical tricks and liquids and over the counter stuff never worked. I can&#039;t tell you the last time I had nice looking toenails or feet. The skin on the bottom of my feet was always dry and white and scaly. Not anymore! My wife was shocked at how good they look. And I am getting 4 beautiful toenails growing in! Amazing! Never been so happy to wear flip flops!
The bad: I almost stopped taking Lamisil as the first few days I felt very agitated. It went away after a week and now I am fine. I did develop a rash on my arms which I am not sure is a result of the Lamisil treatment or simply a coincidence.  But honestly it does work."
"This medication has worked well for approx 8mos to control Narcolepsy"
"I was on Gleevec for nearly 3 years and had issues with leg pain and no remission.  Switched to Sprycel in October 2011 and could see a big improvement.  Developed fluid on the lung in December 2012. Dr. took me off Sprycel and fluid situation is getting better.  Waiting to see next steps."
"Do not take this medicine. I gained 40 pounds, had no will to do anything besides eat and sleep, lashed out at everyone around me, and had the worst prescription drug experience of my life."
"Works great"
"I have suffered with severe OSAH syndrome for 15 years. I have undergone two surgeries to help &quot;clear&quot; my airway with very short-term positive effects. For years, I &quot;slept&quot; for at least nine hours a night and still napped for 2 - 4 hours every day. I awoke EVERY morning with my uvula so swollen it felt like I was swallowing it, and with a severely dry mouth and nagging headache. When I was awake, I was in a fog. CPAP helped, but I still had to nap during the day. 6 months ago my pulmonologist prescribed Nuvigil and my life changed. It is a miracle medication. I never go without my CPAP and I take 250 mg Nuvigil around 9am and I can now have a normal, productive day. In addition, as long as I am CPAP compliant, my insurance pays all but $5."
"I would rather deal with my heavy periods, pads the size of mattresses and pms than subject myself to another day of this garbage pill. I&#039;ve been on for a month, in that month I have been sick every couple days with dizziness, nausea and diarrhea. At first, I thought maybe i was lactose intolerant from the creamer in my morning coffee but nope, it&#039;s this garbage. My gyno said maybe I caught something. For a month?!?!?!? Finding another pill and gyno. Beware ladies."
"I don&#039;t know why I&#039;ve continued to use this, for what seems like years. I stayed with the 5% gel. While it&#039;s worked very well keeping breakouts at bay and my shoulders and chest, it has been not good for my face. I just keep getting pimples and excessive oil saturation. I very recently was upped to the 7.5% and that seems worse. I think it just is too harsh or just not effective for my face. I tried just using it every other day, but it seems the morning after I&#039;ve used it, there are new pimples."
"This medicine made me really suicidal and depressed. I was wrought with paranoid thinking, dark depression, and a host of physical side effects.  I have been coming off of it and I&#039;m feeling my mood improve.  Things are seeming brighter again.  I had speech problems while on this, I had a hard time working out, my eyes felt so sensitive to sunlight, and my head felt really weird, especially in the morning.  I cannot believe I took it for so long.  I didn&#039;t know that what I was going through was related to this medicine.  It was awful for me."
"2nd month on the pill, this is my 2nd review. I feel nauseous a lot. No super craving. Broke out about the same. It seems like it makes me feel super sad/anxious for about 24-48. I shouldn&#039;t start until @ sat still on last week of pills, I spotted Monday in morning, it stopped. Now its Wednesday and I have to use a pantie liner. I will report again next month."
"At first I wasn&#039;t sure about this drug and then found out how much it would be $250 month yea right after being a single mom now but got it for only $25 a month with voucher.  After taking it for 4 months I have lost 45 pounds on top of working out and eating habits have changed a lot. I do want to be positive with people but I have no sympathy with some comments on here that say I just took the pill it didn&#039;t work..... of course just taking a pill wont work its not a miracle pill. You need to workout and start eating much healthier on top of taking the medication. If you are obese like I was you need to have the healthy habits first I think and then take the pill. I lost 70 pounds on my own and AFTER took the pill more"
"I have, very recently, started taking this medicine. The doctor seemed very adamant that it would set me straight and make me super tired and sedate  as well, potentially helping treat my somniphobia as well as the bipolar. The medication has made me so manic that I am having mixed bipolar episodes and seriously feel like jumping out of my own skin. While I appreciate not being so depressed that I&#039;m laying on the floor crying my eyes out, I do not enjoy jittering and being so amped up that I start screaming every time something frustrates me. I am so manic that it is surreal. So much for Geodon helping me out XD"
"I got my kyleena put in on July 25th. Right now things are rough. I got mine inserted on the 2nd day of my period, which I HIGHLY recommend. I honestly can&#039;t even say insertion was painful, but it was probably the most discomfort I&#039;ve experienced (30 sec only!). I took 600mg of ibuprofen before which helped the cramping after-- was able to go back to work just fine. My period is now over but the spotting has not stopped, its been about 2 or 3 weeks. I had sex day 8, which burned slightly after. Had sex again more recently and started bleeding profusely w/ cramps . Called emergency doc and scheduled check up. I will check in after 2 months; hopefully it&#039;ll get better!!"
"I really love this birth control. Since starting it two years ago I have had no negative side effects and it is VERY EFFECTIVE! I have had unprotected sex multiple times since getting this and still no pregnancy, thank goodness"
"I previously took Celexa for GAD; but it stopped working. Switched to Paxil. Paxil is great for anxiety but it gave me constant nausea that wouldn&#039;t go away. I switched to Prozac. The first 2 weeks on Prozac, it gave me more anxiety, nausea and unable to eat a lot. After two weeks, my anxiety/panicky was reduced, appetite is good again and sometimes I will get bouts of nausea. So far, Prozac at 40 is working pretty good. I also take Valium 5 mg as needed once or twice a week.  Valium is amazing. When Prozac is not working well on certain days, Valium is used to smooth things out.  Valium is a good rx since it will stay in our system for a longer time. If you use it scarcely, you can use Valium for life. Prozac &amp; Valium: Excellent together."
"Very effective medication if you can handle the side effects. I gained over 100 pounds from this medication. But the medication does work. That&#039;s why I am still on it. I now get a Zyprexa injection once a month (used to get it twice a month) and I take an oral tablet at night before bed. I take a Topamax pill now so I don&#039;t gain as much weight anymore. The other side effect is fatigue and lethargy but it&#039;s worth the side effects to stay stable and out of the hospital."
"This is the worst prep ever! Last time I had a colonoscopy I did the moral ax prep and it worked well with no gagging taste, no cramps and no nausea. This time my GI has changed to suprep- worse taste ever, had a hard time holding 1st dose down, vomited 2nd dose, worst cramping ever and burned my skin in the backend when everything came out. WHY do doctors use this when there is a much more tolerable medication on the market? Pure torture!"
"I have been on Velivet for 2 months now. The first month I felt nauseous, tender breast, I gained 10 lbs and I turned very moody (especially with my boyfriend). My period was very light and best of all no cramps. The second month is better I am still a bit moody."
"I took sertraline from 2011 for GAD, Panic Disorder, Social Anxiety, and depression caused by anxiety, and eventually weaned off in August of 2015. These past 4 months have been miserable, so I just started back up on it 2 days ago. The first time I was on it, it worked great, it just took some time to get used to. I had forgotten just how bad it was for me during the first month though...  I&#039;ve taken 2 doses now, the first was 75mg but I reacted very poorly to it so I took only 50mg with the advise of my doctor last night. After an hour of taking the second dose, my anxiety skyrocketed. I hardly slept last night at all because of nightmares and waking up in a panic. It is also causing strong nausea. Thankfully, I know it gets better."
"I have been in chronic pain for 11 years, worsening in the last year.  Finally a pain management doctor prescribed me 25mg of amitriptyline and it worked overnight. Magically the next day my pain was down to a completely manageable level. I have my life back thanks to this medicine.  Dizziness the first day or two, dry-mouth only if I stay up long after I&#039;ve taken the medicine.  Don&#039;t hesitate to take this medicine if you have nerve pain, it is a miracle."
"I suffered for three weeks and tried every OTC medication and most home remedies to no avail. I got this product today and the instant I applied this &quot;WONDER&quot; medication relieved all pain. I&#039;m hoping that it will save me the surgery to correct the problem. This product should be made available to the public over the counter. I strongly suggest that everyone save their money and just visit the Dr. and ask for this product...IT WORKS!"
"I used Chantix almost 3 years ago, after smoking for over 40 years, and am still smoke-free.  It really worked well for me.  My chest was always hurting, so I knew I had to do something in order to quit.  I tried the &quot;patch&quot;  three times, and always went back to smoking.  The only side effect I had from Chantix was a few strange dreams.  I never had any nausea or pain of any kind.  My brother-in-law recommended it and I am so glad he did."
"My bone Dr gave me this and it gave me great relief  for my lupus arthritis and my rheumy took me off of it like over a year later due to bp issues...6 months 
Now I&#039;m a misery my inflammation is rampant and I ask to start taking it again -  fingers crossed. I&#039;m highly sensitive bp wise to prednisone so I can&#039;t go up on it:("
"The 45 minute infusion was a piece of cake.Take my calcium and vitamin D faithfully as you need it for the reclast to work. No side effects,no pain. "
"I&#039;ve been on Yaz a year now and love it. I&#039;ll be honest, my first 2 months were difficult. Spotting, painful breasts, depression, exhaustion. But now I&#039;m so glad I allowed time for my body to adjust. No mood swings or depression, my sex drive has increased, my skin looks great and my periods are highly predictable. I will always get it on a Tuesday night and lasts only 2-3 days with light spotting and very little cramping. I&#039;ve also dropped a good 15lbs! My doctor said it&#039;s rare, but possible, to bleed every month and still be pregnant while on the pill. So I do take a pregnancy test every few months to be on the safe side since I rely on the pill as my only form of contraception and my periods are so light. For me that&#039;s the only drawback."
"6th time trying to quit, took for 1 month before stopping, then stopped. Took for 6 months after I stopped. Still smoke free 7 years later."
"I mostly used this medication for my anxiety disorder of obsessive compulsive disorder. I also used it for PMDD. It worked wonders for my anxiety. It also lessened my PMDD symptoms of strong irritability, sadness, and anger before my period. I loved it! The only downside was that it made me very tired, even on only 50mg. I didn&#039;t have much energy to workout. This made me gain 5 pounds and I eventually got off it because I love being an active person."
"I started taking this drug over 15 years ago whenever I had unwanted mind chatter going on. It wasn&#039;t like I heard voices in my head like crazy people,  just my thoughts going crazy almost allowed to keep me awake. If someone said hey I like that color blue on you, I would think it&#039;s because I look fat in other colors really bad another color and then I would start obsessing about that. It really was a prison that I was in and obsessing on things that were small and absolutely had nothing to do with my life. Luvox 100% almost as if it took away every single one of those problems that I had and no longer have any sort of Mind chatter or even think much about if someone gives me a compliment other than hey thanks."
"Unfortunatily, the drug was not very effective for me.  I experienced side effects, such as eye irritation, itchy eyes, minor swelling, and minor blistering.  This medicine did not reduce my eye pressure."
"This is my first contraception pill. I have had great experience. I have been using it for little over a year. First two months were little unusual, in a sense I was overly sensitive and emotional. However, after that its line I am not using any pills. No pain, no weight gain, no any side effect. Oh my boobs did get bigger since I started using them, but I don&#039;t think that was a bad side effect. My husband def likes it :)"
"I have been using NuvaRing for over a year.  When I first started it was working for me, but lately I&#039;m finding that I&#039;m getting serious headache ever so often and my eyes are now a bit blurry. "
"I suffer from TMJ syndrome and sinusitis.  I have recurring headaches.  I have taken this drug on/off for 12 years.  I am allergic to a lot of meds, so it&#039;s been well-suited for me. I do know it is habit forming, as if I have to take it for several days, I do have some withdrawl symptoms."
"I have been on Victoza for three weeks.  I started at .06 and after two days felt nauseous but that past.  Then on the second week I was increased to 1.2 and felt slightly ill can&#039;t eat a normal meal.  I never feel hungry just eat minimal amounts because I know I have to.  I lost 6 lbs. in three weeks.  I have been walking for the last year 5 miles a night and could not loose an ounce.  Once the nausea lifts I will love this medication."
"It makes me feel miserable, but congratulations to those whom Cymbalta is helping."
"Before I started Yaz, I did a great deal of research. I&#039;ve had so many issues with hormonal birth control. 

I wanted to go on Yaz for a number of reasons: First and foremost being hormonal acne.  I am into the second pill pack and I have noticed favorable results. This is certainly not a miracle cure, but I have started to notice fewer hormonal breakouts, and my skin is more even and healthy looking. I also attribute this to variations in diet and exercise, which I think is essential to all good skin care. 

As most of the reviews say, just stick with it. The only negative side effect I&#039;ve noticed thus far, is fatigue, but that is starting to diminish. 

Good luck!"
"After taking this medicine, I woke up one morning to realize that I felt connected to the world and when I started to do my rituals, I realized that I just didn&#039;t need to.  Amazing.  The problem was that I gained 40 pounds, and the high dosage necessary (over 200) scared me.  I would recommend that a person try it and see if a lower dosage will work for them.  If so, it&#039;s a miracle."
"Been through it once before with Gavilyte that you have to drink a gallon of, This time I said &quot;uh-uh&quot; to that and got Suprep instead You mix 6 oz. of the Suprep with 10 oz. cold water, chug it in thirds or quarters, and that&#039;s it. It has a lemon-lime flavor that isn&#039;t bad texturally is OK. Kept myself hydrated with Gatorade and good ginger ale. The only thing was, the night before the night before I had the suprep, I was obligated to down some magnesium citrate, because I weigh &gt; 190. The Mg Citrate tasted like sour old underwear but still was able to get it down 4 ounces at a time. (Kept it cold.) Add it all up and it was still much easier than the thick, gummy, foul GaviLyte I&#039;d had the first time. Go with Suprep if you can!"
"I just started using this and find it really works."
"I started taking Wellbutrin SR about 2 weeks ago and I am already noticing a difference.  I had a lot of anger, frustration, stress, and small panic attacks with uncontrollable crying.  Now since I have been taking it, I am much calmer and I am able to determine what is worth worrying about and what is not.  I could not do that before.  The crying has stopped and I no longer feel stressed or angry.  The only side effect I have is a mild headache, a little insomnia, and extreme thirst.  Those I can deal with versus what I was dealing with.  I am definitely going to keep taking it."
"Given drug for colonoscopy.  Burned going in, but I remember nothing else until I woke up in recovery.I felt awake and alert quickly. Slept 4 hours after coming home. 2 days since procedure and still feel like my brain is in a fog and generalized weakness."
"Pylera eradicated my H Pylori infection. Apparently, I had a horrible case for many years, and this worked. I had tried other drugs in the past, and nothing worked until this. It&#039;s rough though! I think I had every side effect and the 9th day was the worst, but you have to push through! My tricks - eating larger meals before taking it, and yes, you will always feel bloated and full. Also, sucking on fruit flavored Tic Tacs helped the nausea. Something I learned - sugar, caffeine, chocolate and salt feed this bacteria, so I tried to steer clear of these things. I heard vitamin C, grapefruit, and a probiotic, keep it away so I incorporated these into my diet -while taking Pylera. I had a pretty aggressive case, but it&#039;s gone!!"
"Took my first dose 4 days ago,
Having indigestion and nausea. Hoping I can lose some weight on this because it does kill cravings. I was on tanzeum and had absolutely no side effects but it is cost prohibitive. Can get this for free with mfr. coupon. Hoping the nausea goes away- its like morning sickness ladies!"
"I&#039;m 22 year old female. I was on Vyvanse 60mg, but side effects were getting bad. Switched to Invuniv, only made it through 2 weeks of it. It made me very sleepy, sluggish, and cranky (could have been withdrawals of the Vyvanse). I could not wait for it to kick in for another 2 weeks as recommended. "
"Literally, PROVIGIL saved my life. I suffered the severest of symptoms re: Narcolepsy w / Cataplexy for several months prior to Physicians determining a diagnosis, I&#039;d have complete &quot;drop attacks&quot; out of a clear blue sky; chattin someone up, nuking a cup of coffee, taking a shower, &amp; SPLAT, down I&#039;d drop! Hit like a sack of sand. Broke numerous bones, ruined numerous joints, fractured my skull &amp; broke 3 ribs.

After being evaluated &amp; worked up by a SPECIALIST, I was diagnosed &amp; medicated with 2 X&#039;s 200mg Provi&#039;s in the A.M. &amp; I&#039;ve now a somewhat normal life!

It&#039;s been 2 years &amp; I note the dose is less effective; I&#039;ve not ate turf lately, but I&#039;m noddin out @ the PC often &amp; slipping from AWAKE to REM, boom like that!"
"Started this med a week ago today. It has been the only thing that keeps my moods in line and in check. I am on 60mg of it along with 100mg of Wellbutrin. I have never felt this calm and feel as though I can get thru a day now without constantly mood flipping. The only thing I do not like is that it makes me restless and feel like I constantly need to move around."
"Hair very thin -shedding lots.  Had a hysterectomy in June 2014 and had to use a wound vacuum.  Once I started on Xarelto, this wound bleeds every day an won&#039;t heal.  Almost two years.  Most of my fingernails and toe nails fell off ( dried out).  Not all have grown back. Bruise easilt plus round red marks appear every day."
"20 years old. Very active sex life.

Been on the pill for 9 months.

My boyfriend doesn&#039;t pull out 1/8 of the times, I&#039;ve never had a pregnancy scare.
Side effects I noticed that haven&#039;t gone away: constantly bloated, increase in fatigue, increase in anxiety and emotions, more prone to head aches, acne worsens close to period (never used to happen), breast get tender 2 weeks into new pill cycle, increase in discharge/wetness

I haven&#039;t had any weight gain but noticeable bloating. I have gone a few hours between pills and still worked. My period is lighter and about 4 days long. Nothing happened to my libido.

Overall enjoyable pill."
"Seeing marked improvement in little over 48 hours of receiving injection. Psoriasis is 2/3 s the coloration as before . After 54 years of having this I am pleasantly surprised. Thought it would work much slower. At this point I am thrilled. No side effects yet !"
"I took this drug for several weeks and my GERD cleared up.  Then, out of the blue, I became moody and angry at everyone.  I read up on some of the side effects and found that mood issues have been associated.  I tend to have this when I take anything that amps up your metabolism so it must contain something that is somewhat related to that."
"I have been using this pill for 5 months and during this time, I gained over 10 lbs, and my anxiety and paranoia has caused irreparable damage to my relationship. I must note I work out and have no changes in lifestyle that should&#039;ve caused me to gain weight. I am constantly sad, on the verge of tears, I am oversensitive and negative. I am just not myself. I gave the pill more than the 3 month trial period because I don&#039;t want to keep switching hormones, but I cannot keep this up any longer. I am going to try the nuva ring. For the record, I was previously on Diane 35 very happily for 2 years with no side effects but my doctor took me off because it is apparently too high in hormones"
"I&#039;m a 52 yr. old male. I started taking Adderall about14 months ago. for the first 2 weeks I didn&#039;t notice much change then I noticed that when I took the medication in the morning suddenly I had a lot more energy and it seemed like I could concentrate better and not as agitated about life in general. I take me 2nd. dose at lunch time. The increase in my energy level was keeping me moving more during the day so it allowed me to rest better at night. Every morning when I wake I go straight for the Adderall. Overall I think Adderall has improved my quality of life and I think Adderall should be prescribed to the aged for the same effects. It&#039;s not going to work the same for all so close monitoring for 30 days on a 2per day 15mg.dose"
"I&#039;m a 37 year old male 6&#039;8&quot; about 250 lbs, I worked in corrections for about 12 years. I&#039;ve had 3 back surgeries in 18 months and have been on Lortabs, Percocet to Roxycodone and it helped to some extent. I now have to have another surgery for 9 ruptured discs along with epidural fibrosis and granulation of the S-1 nerve root. My family doctor recently put me on the Fentanyl 50 patch and it&#039;s the best thing I have ever had. I can actually walk and sleep. I used to spend up to 70% of my day in bed due to the pain, now I can function to somewhat of my old self. Nothing will completely take away the pain, but man, these patches are awesome! No need for pills anymore. Don&#039;t let the fear of becoming addicted to these keep you from enjoying life."
"When I first started on Apri, it made me nauseous in the mornings. That went away, but around the third month of use, I got really depressed moods for no particular reason and had random bouts of crying. That went away when I stopped taking it. It worked for its intended purposes, but it wasn&#039;t right for me."
"I took this medicine for constipation relief. It said it would take 6-12 hours to work, but 2 hours after I took it I was in the worst pain of my life, curled in a ball on my bed praying for it to end. After about 30 minutes of intense cramps I started to get diarrhea. For the next 1-2 hours it was a vicious cycle of laying in my bed with severe, debilitating cramps then rushing to the toilet every 15 minutes. Ultimately it did what it was supposed to do but I will never take it again, the pain is not worth the result. I&#039;m just fine drinking a couple glasses of prune juice for comfortable results."
"I&#039;ve been on depo since I was 15 years old . . I am now 33 years old . . I first got on depo because I had really bad cyst on my ovaries and breast . . With depo it has controlled the pain and size of cyst . . I&#039;ve gained maybe 5 pounds since I&#039;ve been in this . . No bleeding no spotting what so ever !!! I do get lower cramping once in awhile but it is tolerable . . I also do not plan on having kiddos so this was the best choice for me :)"
"I was taking this medication on and off for over a year. Although it did help me go back to sleep,  I found myself going to the doctor more and more for constipation, stomach pain, muscle pains, anxiety and the worst one tingling all over my body. I went through all sorts of miserable medical tests, and everything came back normal.  It finally occurred to me that maybe this medication was causing all of my misery, so I looked up the side-effects and sure enough they are all listed. I am in the process of weaning myself off of this medication and feel like absolute crap. I wish I had never started this medication! My recommendation is: get a sleep study, try &quot;natural&quot;(less addicting) sleep aides, or trazadone and therapy for stress."
"I work an off shift. I gained 40 lbs my 1st semester of college.  Im 23. 6 ft tall 38 male waist. Suffer from weight anxiety.  Been dieting and exercising 4 to 5 times a week. For the past 2 years religiosity. only got bigger and was always starving and p.oed. My 1st month after getting this med from my doc I&#039;m down 13 lbs.  My face and belly look like a past picture. I hope to see more changes. I started at 230 now I&#039;m 217. My 1st goal is 200 then my crazy goal is 180 and 34in waist. I&#039;m tired of my pants &quot;shrinking&quot;. Also  the dry mouth was a pain the 1st couple days drink lots of water. And it keeps me up at night. Running around in my brain. Then I&#039;m not sleeping as deaply as normal but its worth it I&#039;m finally eating less. And full."
"Had this put in February 2016 having it removed next month.  My period comes twice a month for 7 days.  I&#039;ve always suffered from migraines this just makes me have them more often.  No regularity to when the cycle starts.  It&#039;s comes on for a week then off for 3 days then on another 5 days, then off for almost 3weeks, then comes back again super heavy. I can&#039;t deal with the irregularities of it. While I was on the Depoprovera for 20+ yrs I never had a cycle &amp; it was great. I wanted a birth control with no maintenance &amp; this was suggested. Also I&#039;ve noticed no libido. I don&#039;t crave it anymore &amp; when I do have intercourse it doesn&#039;t feel the same like I&#039;m trying too hard to get excited. Having it removed &amp; going back to what works for me."
"Since starting this medication I&#039;ve had horrible nausea and the need to drink a lot of water. I thought maybe I&#039;m becoming diabetic since diabetes make you feel so thirsty but we have glucose meters and its always in normals ranges 90-120 yet I feel like I haven&#039;t drank water all day and my lips are dry and chapped. I called my OBGYN to get it changed but they claim its not a side effect from the pill and I haven&#039;t seen this side effect on here. But what a coincidence that I decide to stop taking Estarylla (spelling) pill and I&#039;m not compelled to drink as much water as I did when I was taking it. I don&#039;t recommend it."
"I did not get pregnant while taking Junel Fe 1.5, so technically it worked. However, that could have been because it knocked my libido down quite a bit so I was basically abstinent. I also gained weight, had problems with my skin and found myself suffering from drastic mood swings and anxiety. I was nauseous daily, despite taking the pill with food, at night or at precisely the same time every day. As someone who infrequently suffers migraines, this pill made them a thousand times worse. Blinding headaches. I&#039;ve been off it for a year and a few months at this point, and have seen a huge reduction in migraines and problems with my libido since. Pro: While I was on this, it made my periods really light or nonexistent."
"I had trouble functioning during the day because I couldn&#039;t fall asleep until 1 or 2 am, then had to get up at 6 am.  My doctor prescribed 10 mg Ambien (not CR) but because I&#039;m small I decided to cut one in half the first night.  I was able to sleep soundly almost immediately after my head hit the pillow and I slept all night.  That was about three years ago and I am still taking my half pill per night and sleeping well.   I have occasional times (maybe once every two months) that I don&#039;t sleep well with them, but I don&#039;t blame the pill for that.  Follow the directions, if you don&#039;t it isn&#039;t the fault of the drug, it&#039;s your own fault."
"I have been taking cymbalta for about 8 months for anxiety and depression due to arthritic pain.  I infrequently have night terrors and night sweats however I am free of the depression and anxiety.  I can not tell if it is helping the pain as it is pretty severe at times.  I don&#039;t want to go of of it to try.  I have found that it is a positive trade off."
"Had swollen joints in hands, knee pain and neck pain. No real skin issues other than 2 small spots. RA was inconclusive, so PsA was the diagnosis. Doctor gave me a choice of Humira, Enbrel or Otezla to try - I picked Otezla. On week three and the results are quite good. The pain and swelling is greatly reduced and the side effects of Otezla are very minimal. Very happy so far."
"I use Vanoxide after I have been around animals such as visiting dogs or cats....it must be an allergy to animals that give me occasional acne like issues. It stops the small breakout that doesn&#039;t go away. My face doesn&#039;t itch and feels good."
"I decided to try this medication after a friend seemed to be losing weight on it. I&#039;m taking 2.4 mg and in week number 5.
I am an undereater anyway and never hungry so not sure this was the right medication for me. I thought it stabilized blood sugar? Hope it&#039;s not just an appetite suppressant  
I have lost 3lbs which is very disappointing. I will go up to 3mg today but if I don&#039;t lose anything again this week then I will probably stop... My question - anyone experience needing longer time and the full dose to start losing weight?"
"My experience with the implant is actually not that bad. I&#039;ve had it since March of 2011, a little over a year now. At first I had my period for about 3 or 4 days and than it stopped for almost 7 months, than I got it for about a week, and than started getting it about every other month or so. But recently I had my period for about 4 days, it stopped for a couple days, and now I&#039;m spotting. But, other than that I have had no problems at all. I love my birth control. Much better than pills, shots, or patches in my opinion."
"I went off of depo 2 years and 7 months ago. I can not have a period on my own, so I no longer ovulated. We have been seeing a fertility doctor for 7 months. I can only have a period and ovulate with medication, but we have still had no luck. The only thing they can find wrong with me is the shot. I&#039;m so upset I may never be able to have another child. Do not take this if you ever want to have children. That&#039;s not including the side effects during: severe weight gain, mood swings"
"It is so nice to have my life back!!!"
"It was terrible! The beginning was fine I was having sex and wasn&#039;t pregnant so I was fine then 3 weeks into using the depo I was bleeding everyday !! Not even exaggerating it was so unpredictable I had maybe one day without bleeding a month and it wasn&#039;t a full day it was a half day! I was bleeding for 5 months and went to the doctors and they said I was anemic and gave me a hormone medicine to stop the bleeding I was still bleeding. Maybe around the 6 or 7 month I stopped and just gained a massive amount of weight I was 170 and went all the way to 250 while I was playing sports and working out. I finally got off and they told me it could be in my system for up to a year while I&#039;m still trying to lose weight. I DON&#039;T RECOMMEND"
"Never thought I would have my life back. I can think clearer, my mind isn&#039;t racing as often, and I&#039;m not agoraphobic. I used to have a severe phobia of driving and now I can get behind the wheel and even look forward to driving! I have tried everything, Prozac, Wellbutrin, Paxil, Zoloft, and none of them have worked for me. I have lost 9 pounds and counting, because I&#039;m not eating out of depression and anxiety and I&#039;m able to think about myself in a healthy light. I was prescribed Klonopin for severe attacks and found after 4 weeks of Cymbalta find no need for them. I am so grateful for this medicine!"
"I had severe cramping and bled for 21 days my period before this birth control was only 4 days. I have taken myself off. The 21 day period, the heavy clots, the nausea, and irritable state just was not worth it."
"I&#039;ve had the Mirena for about two months and I couldn&#039;t be happier. Insertion was painful, but it only lasted a couple of minutes. No side effects, no babies!"
"I need help, I have taken Belviq for 2 weeks now and NO weight loss, not an ounce and possible gained a pound, Any one else experience this, I realize I am inpatient but was looking forward to quicker results.
          Thank you"
"Well after trying Paxil (worked really well but bad sexual side effects) for a couple years, then celexa worked but not as well as Paxil still sexual side effects recently on Prozac worked for depression however sexual side effects made me just not want to even bother. Got a script for Wellbutrin Xl 150mg brand name as I asked for non generic out of pocket cost 11.27 with insurance. Will report back and see how I do. Day one tomorrow. I put a rating of 5 just because of the unknown. Will rate when in full swing."
"I am taking Microgestin FE 1/20 for a month now. I took the first pill and then decided to just read up on it. I was scared out of my mind after reading reviews. I tried to calm myself down by saying that people usually only give reviews with a bad experience. Rarely do people seek out these sites to give a positive one. Nevertheless I was scared. I thought I was going to gain weight, be an emotional crazy person, suffer from bad eye sight, etc, etc. 

I was especially scared because I would take the pill at noon and at 5 pm everyday I would feel nauseous. I changed my time to 5pm, and hey problem solved. I am usually in bed by the time the nausea would start.

Other then that, no weight gain, no headaches, no loss of sexual interest, and no breast tenderness. Everyone is different and their bodies react differently. 

I would say I am very satisfied with this birth control."
"I am 54 years old and female. I have taken Plaquenil only 10 days. Immediately on taking it my joints have felt like they have a burning sensation. I am tired and I ache more than I ever have. I am depressed and don&#039;t want to go anywhere because I hurt. The reason I went to the doctor was because I have tendinitis in more than one place, ankles, hip, knee and wrist. I felt better without this medicine. I have been reading it takes a few months to let it kick in. I have been in really good shape but since I started this I just lay around and hurt and feel depressed. I am afraid of eye damage and hair loss. I have had the potential for glaucoma for 15 years now because of my high eye pressure."
"It is difficult to wean off this medication. I missed one dose and the next day was planning on picking up my prescription and I actually had to leave work early because I became so sick (after only one missed dose). Vertigo, nausea, diarrhea, vomiting. I was on 90 mg, then went to 60 mg, then 30, 20, 15, and now 7.5 mg over the course of a month and I am still sick. Vertigo is the worst. I am nauseous every day. "
"Ive been on Nimotop since 1997. It is truly a miracle drug. I went from a stroke and an inoperable aneurysm and wasn&#039;t able to speak, think or walk. Today I am walking, writing, speaking and feel like I&#039;m a miracle."
"I get 1-2 cold sore out breaks a year and if not immediately addressed can stick around for a month. I have tried probably every remedy out there before abreva came out and nothing ever did the trick. Once hearing about abreva via tv advertising I decided to give it a try. My first experience with it wasnt the greatest and that was mainly because i didnt properly use it. Once I figured out just what to do once I feel the cold sore coming on, it has completely changed my life in the manner of cold sores. I went from having to deal with them for up to a month at a time to getting rid of the cold sore within a couple of days and completely unnoticeable. I have been using abreva for about 3 years now and haven&#039;t had a troublesome sore since! :)"
"I was prescribed trazadone after my doxepin stopped being effective. It didn&#039;t help much. I finally fell asleep but couldn&#039;t function the next day. I&#039;ve tried ambien but I sleep drove very unsafe! I&#039;m still looking for the right med for me."
"I have suffered panic attacks and anxiety since I was 14 and was always an anxious child,  I am 62 now. I have tried just about every medication on the market and none of them worked.  I was lucky enough to find a Dr that said a new drug Klonopin that was a seizure med may help my attacks. I haven&#039;t had an attack in years.  Although I still take it now I am having pvc&#039;s.  Klonopin will most of the time stop them. I have always taken it at night but I am gonna try a half during the day.   I will be seeing a Cardiologist"
"I took my first Clarinex 5mg 3 hours ago. I&#039;m nauseous, lightheaded, shaky and tired. I&#039;m calling my Doctor to tell him I can&#039;t take it. I can&#039;t wait for it to be out of my system."
"I suffer from GAD as well as OCD, with compulsions ruling more than obsessions. My grades at university started to fall and I knew it couldn&#039;t go untreated. My psychiatrist prescribed 100mg Sertraline daily and since then my grades have improved to reaching distinctions again. I am also much more calm and don&#039;t get angry as easily as I used to. 
Side effects: I sleep muuuuch more and struggle to stay awake in the afternoons especially. Being a former ballet dancer, I don&#039;t have much motivation for exercise anymore. I started to note a little bit of short term memory loss (e.g. entering a room and forgetting why I had gone there - nothing major). Worst, however, was chronic diarrhoea. This motivated a change to 40mg Citalopram daily."
"My 15 year old son has been using this to treat his acne because just the topical treatment was not working. I see a BIg improvement after using the Vibramycin for a month. It works."
"I had been taking tramadol for my severe knee pain but started taking lortab and they work so much better."
"I recently found an amazing dermatologist who is very vigilant about tailoring treatments specific to my skin and my medical history and prescribed me Oracea, after several unsuccessful treatments from other derms (incl. completely altering my skincare regimen, switching from my pricey La Mer face wash/moisturizers to all Cerave products and SPF 35 sunscreen).

I&#039;ve been on Oracea for 4 weeks and unlike the other reviewers here, I haven&#039;t seen any improvements yet :( I&#039;m not sure if my redness is caused by another underlying condition at this point b/c we&#039;ve tried most topical treatments (Finacea, Mirvaso, Metrogel) and they only make the redness worse! Anyone else see improvements only after &gt; 4 weeks of treatment?"
"So I&#039;ve been on the Depo shot for about 5 years now, and have had hardly no problems. I still get period cramps, but no bleeding after the first year. The only issue I have with this medicine is for about the first year your period is all over the place and your sex drive is a little lacking, but otherwise it&#039;s pretty great. I reccomend you get the shot every 11 weeks though because on the 12th week you may start spotting and bleeding and having period symptoms-even if you had yuor period a week ago. So, I&#039;ve had pretty good experience with it."
"I have been diabetic for 27 yrs, sugars are uncontrolled. I have hypothyroid which makes it so difficult to lose weight. But last month my doctor switched me to Victoza. Since then I have lost 8 lbs! My sugar is great!  My cravings are gone. And I feel full longer and no desire of over eating!"
"I&#039;ve had Tinea Versicolor come and go for a few years now and it has been a pain. I did my research and saw many success stories from using Selsun Blue with 1% selinium sulfide in it. I&#039;ve only been using for a day leaving it on over night and I have seen amazing results it&#039;s almost gone! It is also getting rid of my white spots. The only con is that it may burn/itch and can be messy. Other than that it is a huge success!"
"I was diagnosed 16 years ago with fibromyalgia and a multitude of others as well. For the first 12 years I couldn&#039;t get anything to work. I had every kind of muscle relaxers, narcotics, etc. Nothing worked then by chance I had to go to the eras I was in so much pain in a flare and they put me on Soma. I couldn&#039;t believe that I actually got relief. It was the only thing that I had no side effects and could actually fall asleep. It was a whole new world for me. "
"I took this medicine to treat a UTI.  Although it did cure the UTI, this drug made me so nauseous that I threw up for a week straight.  It also made me extremely fatigued.  If you have to take this drug, make sure to take it with plenty of food (and avoid food about two hours after taking it).  Hope this helps!"
"Get Sklice. Do not stop, call your Dr and go straight to the pharmacy. This magical lotion is totally miraculous!! No side effects- and it was gentle for 6 months old. I used on my 2 year old. Seriously, I honestly would have cut my girls hair without it. This is the second time we&#039;ve used it and it kills bugs AND nits. I comb all the nits out after to be 100% sure of no reoccurrence, but I think it works as is. It is very expensive though, so use the Sklice coupon on the website and its cheaper.  You won&#039;t regret it. (Why don&#039;t more parents know about this? Sanofi you need to be running advertising on this! Retarget lice searches!)"
"I have been using the patch for 2 months now and I like it. Made my periods lighter and my breast bigger. Things that I don&#039;t like that sometimes I peel it off by mistake (scary though) and is hard to hide in public. But is works well. I like the results. 90 percent recommended."
"was prescribed a 10 day course of augmentin for ear infection and bronchitis, and by day three had diarrhea, a severe headache and nausea. started probiotics and  that helped a little. now after being off of it for 1 day i have developed a yeast infection. the meds did help the infection but i felt like i was going to die in the meantime. i will never take this med again"
"I have had several experiences with BC, this is by far the WORST pill I have ever taken.  I have an eight month old, was put on this pill because I was breastfeeding.  I had cramping so bad that my DR ordered an emergency CT scan because he thought my appendix was going.  I could literally freak out at the drop of a hat, and cry just as a quickly and for no reason at all.  DR thought it was postpartum depression, turns out it was just this crazy pill.  Days after stopping this terrible medication I feel like I have gotten my life back.  Mood is better, no anxiety, I can sleep!  And the pain is going away."
"Works great, with in 7 days time .."
"I used the 3 day Monistat. It burned so bad! I managed to finish all 3 doses but I had to take Benadryl to help with the itching and make me fall asleep. I&#039;ve used the 1 and 7 day in the past. 7 wasn&#039;t as bad, but I was being impatient, and 1 sent me to the hospital because the burning lasted for hours and was unbearable. I&#039;ll stick to the 7 in the future. 1 and 3 are too intense."
"My doctor prescribed this birth control to help ease the side effects of endometriosis. She leaned towards this one because Seasonique should mean less periods and less periods should mean less Endometriosis pain. This medication was a totally failed for me. I know different people have different reactions to medications but my experience was not a positive one. I bled off an on very frequently and cramped. I had very bad headaches at times (unusual for me). I was extremely emotional and moody (also unusual for me) and stayed bloated a good majority of the time. I was on it for 4 and a half months and could not take it any more. Also very pricey."
"After seeing a commercial for Oxytrol, I knew I had to give it a shot. I have had numerous occurances that if I had not been wearing a Depends I would have had a very embarrassing situation.
I noticed a difference the very FIRST day. No sudden urges and no accidents ( or NEAR accidents). 
I have gotten my life back! I want to shout it from the rooftops! Very, very happy with this product! So thankful it is now over the counter!
I have read reviews about people saying the patch left adhesive residue, I&#039;ve had no such problem. Also have not had it come off in the shower or pool. I think it might be improved if the patch were a bit rubbery, say something along the lines of a blister band aide."
"The best to ease the stress"
"Hello!  At this time I have no side effects"
"My doctor put me on this medication to try and control my mood swings. I started taking this birth control for one week and I felt extremely irritable on day five. I felt like I gained five lbs., but didn&#039;t actually weigh myself, and I was working out more. I got a migraine headache, which I&#039;ve never had in my life. I stopped taking this birth control after day seven. It is not worth it to me. There are too many side effects from this medication."
"I loved this birth control at first. My insurance covered it at zero dollars out of pocket, I only had to think about it twice a month, and I never had a problem with intercourse or vaginal irritation. After four months however, I don&#039;t know why, but I changed. It started when I cried after sex and freaked my significant other out. It was the first time I had ever cried in front of him, but for the next three or four weeks all I would do was cry and sleep when I was around him. I got more depressed than I ever had in my life (I&#039;ve struggled for years, but this was different) and I was nauseous after every time I ate, so I just stopped eating. The depression and decreased libido were the main things I couldn&#039;t stand, so I got off it after six months."
"Damn this stuff really works. I first got a cold sore 4 years ago and it usually happens every 6 months or once a year. And I knew it was due for an outbreak and once I felt a bump coming I told myself I&#039;d buy a cold sore treatment and WOW in 3 days its already gone. BEST part is the swelling and pain goes away and its not even noticeable. I will always buy this product. There might not be a cure but Thank God for whoever made this product to ACTUALLY work. I&#039;d pay double for this if that was the price. Who ever hasn&#039;t tried this and is hsv1  I very highly recommend to try product."
"I was put on 300mg per day about two years ago. 150mg in the morning and the same at night. This was to treat anxiety. 
With therapy and some other meds I am now slowly decreasing the dose with the help of my doctor.
I must say Lyrica really help my anxiety. 
I have given it a nine out ten because I know if I miss one it hits me a bit hard a couple of days later.... Withdrawal is a bit weird."
"Irritable Bowel Syndrome ruined quality of my life completely. I wasted enormous amounts of money and time for different doctors and medicines, supplement and procedures! As I am a beautiful young lady it was terrible to have all these IBS related symptoms! But thank goodness after a long way of researches I found out about this medicine! I am very afraid that someday it may stop working on me (I started from Robinul first-and it did stop after a month of usage)! It does not cure IBS, it doesn&#039;t completely help with the pain sometimes, but still it is the best product available in the market nowadays!"
"This is the only medicine that totally helps me.  I seldom have to take Alprazolam or Valium with the Effexor.  I tried switching to Cymbalta for nerve pain..what a mistake.  I am back on Effexor. "
"I am on this medicine for insomnia, works very well, I sleep like a baby on it. I sleep right through the night, would recommended to anyone, however I&#039;ve found with me that I have to take it with lots of water to get a much quicker effect. Other than that its amazing, where would I be without it."
"Synvisc gave me significant, almost immediate relief from the bone-on-bone pain in my knees. Since then, as I continue to learn about my knee problems, I now understand that some of the pain is in the tendons around my knees, which are inflamed due to severe bow-legs. Still don&#039;t understand why the bowing is increasing with my age, but this forces my tendons to stretch in an incorrect manner, more on the inside of each leg than on the outside.  Unfortunately Synvisc cannot address this problem, although it does provide a nice separation between the joint surfaces which also suffer from excess pressure on the inside portion of each knee. I am currently looking into shoe wedges to improve leg straightness by preventing excess supination."
"I got my implanon inserted in feb of 2011. At first it was perfect .. I wasn&#039;t getting pregnant and I wasn&#039;t havin periods. So when 2013 rolled around I gained a dramatic amount of weight. By the time I took it out 2 days ago I had gained 60 pounds in 2 yrs .. Yes I worked out and ate right but the implanon worked against it!!!! I&#039;m hoping that now that it&#039;s out I will return to my regular weight."
"The best drug out there for weight loss, and it gives you a boost to get things done."
"How is this not more widely prescribed? My doc had me on Strattera at first, didn&#039;t help at all. Next I switched to Concerta, which worked, but  increased my anxiety, and I had a crash. Next I switched to Adderall, which had almost the same effect as Concerta but on top of that I had no appetite.

Finally I switched to Desoxyn and that&#039;s when my life started to turn around. My grades instantly went up and homework became fun for me. Math problems became like a puzzle, and history became fun, like watching a real-life movie. Right when I made the switch to Desoxyn, I got caught up on ALL my homework and my grades instantly switched from D&#039;s and F&#039;s to B&#039;s and A&#039;s. Not only that, but my social anxiety was completely GONE."
"I absolutely love this medication for my ADHD and as a mood stabilizer. It works wonders with little to no side effects. Coming down from it in the evenings is another story .. My coming down period sucks as I just get consumed with rage."
"Made my asthma so much better."
"First time taking Estaryella and it is not good. I started taking birth control to help with my cramping I get in my thighs only, I&#039;m not sexually active, no kids.  First day of taking the pill yesterday,  it helped my mood swing&#039;s but brought on the cramping and made it worse. Very intense pain. Will probably go to doctor to switch if it doesn&#039;t get better. Worst 1st time birth control using experience."
"I&#039;ve been off and on this medicine since 4/2013 (not because of side effects, but because I had two babies). This is the only medicine that has effectively helped with my MS. I have had two MRI&#039;s and I have no new or enhancing lesions. The existing ones I did have, have healed. I had the side effects for the first month but eating a fatty meal and taking an aspirin decreases them. I have no side effects now and I&#039;ve been back on since 10/14. Just make sure you get your white blood cell count tested every 3 months"
"I was diagnosed with anxiety after having several bouts of severe anxiety and many lesser episodes. On two occasions I went to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack. My Dr. prescribed Lexapro. I don&#039;t recall any of the issues other describe and after two weeks or so, I was feeling much better and only sufferred from a few smaller episodes. I have noticed that heavy drinking is a disaster while on this med and results in me feeling ill and panic. I have had no other side effects. I did run out for nearly a week once and did feel some negative feelings coming on. I do not plan to run out ever again. I have taken 10 mg since the start three years ago. Avoid heavy drinking!"
"I never knew I would ever be able to feel normal again, whatever normal is?  Anyway, I too have struggled with anxiety and depression/PTSD for over 20 yrs.  I began taking Lamotrigine a couple of months ago and literally within a couple of days, I noticed that big ball of anxiousness I used to feel in my chest was gone.. I started with .25 mg and now I&#039;m at 200 mg and am feeling way better.. the downside, if you want to call it that, is that I am starting to have feelings again.  I cry at almost everything but it&#039;s appropriate feelings that I think I was prevented from feeling because of the psyche meds I took for so long that did nothing but ruin my life and give me terrible side effects.  I am grateful to have found this medication."
"I have one hip that is now bone on bone apparently. I have limited lateral mobility and know I limp at times. I have had steroid injections which were great until they no longer relieved my pain. I was pretty miserable and found myself sitting a lot. My pain is greatly relieved with diclofenac. However, I&#039;m concerned my heart may be stressed as I experience  being out of breath and my heart beating hard with fairly minimal exertion at times  such as carrying a big armful of clean 
laundry up a flight of stairs. My heart is just pounding! I exercise regularly, 
"
"I had my first ever seizure on 8/4/93; one day before my 24th birthday, out of the &#039;clear blue.&#039; I was first prescribed 400mg of Dilantin daily. I experienced muscle spasms/twitches, sleeplessness at night [and] sleepiness during my waking hours. I was switched to 400mg of Phenytek daily. At first the same symptoms persisted, but subsided over time. I have been on both Dilantin and Phenytek for 22 years; currently on Phenytek and my seizures are controlled, with minor/minimal side effects; occasional muscle twitching and/or headaches remedied with Tylenol. I hold down a full-time job, and I drive, so my #1 priority every night is to take my meds. So far, so good....."
"I was on xulane for over a year, when I first started the patch I felt nauseous  and had a headache the first 3-5 days. Then after it stopped and I had NO side effects whatsoever. My period has always been 7 days so it didn&#039;t fix my long abnormal period but it did fix my acne and it did not effect my mood. Also, I never got pregnant !! This birth control was awesome I only had to change it once a week, the only con was where to place it, during the summer I had to hide it on my buttock and sometimes it would show when my bikini would rise up. and in the winter it was on my arm and sometimes I would forget and thats how my parents found out I was on birth control... also it comes off easily if you take daily baths or swim in the ocean."
"Was diagnosed with panic/anxiety/depression in 1999 by a psychiatrist, and prescribed Aropax (paroxetine), at the tender age of 19. It got rid of the anxiety, and the depression, by effectively getting rid of my emotions. Even when i started taking it i felt that it was changing my personality, from shy to someone who would answer back and didn&#039;t care about anything deeply, but being young and naive, assumed that this was what &#039;normal&#039; felt like. Almost eradicated sex drive. Also made me crave alcohol. Tried to come off several times with absolutely awful withdrawal symptoms. Only managed to get off by switching to fluoxetine(prozac) and coming off that, ten years later. Try therapy first, drugs as last resort. You have been warned."
"I&#039;m from the UK and live in London so obviously the NHS pay for it to be inserted/removed. I got mine in June and needless to say I reacted bad instantly. The bruising and swelling I had was ridiculous, not only need I get long stripes of bruising on my arm and lost feeling I also woke up the next day not being able to open my right eye (my implant is in my right arm) within 3 weeks I started to get a few spots which developed into acne I also gained around 14lbs and now deal with anxiety and minute depression. Around 6 of my friends have it and they all love it but I&#039;m afraid for me I had to get it removed after 6 months- it also changed my hair type it gets very greesy (so does my hair). Please be aware of the side affects!"
"I took one pill at 7 p.m. with food and was awake at midnight with diarrhea and nausea.  I was up constantly for 3 hours.  I&#039;ll be going to the doctor as soon as they open for a different med!"
"I started on 10mg of Brintellix about two weeks ago after being taken off of Wellbutrin and Celexa. Right away I started to feel physically ill. Horrible headaches, sour stomach, extremely agitated and tired. I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s withdrawals from the other medicine or effects from starting the Brintellix. I am leaning towards the latter though. I just took my medicine and only an hour later I am feeling very ill again."
"It has been quite awhile since I&#039;ve taken the plan b pill, but I used to take it regularly. I was in a very bad place for a couple of years and ended up taking it 9 times.. Yes, 9 times. I&#039;ve taken it over 24 hours after inter course and I never became pregnant. Only about 4 of those times were accidents, the other 5 were stupidity.  I would never recommend taking plan b ever, especially not that many times. It caused me horrible hormonal imbalances for a long time and I was in a lot of pain. Statistics say that out of those times I should have become pregnant at least once, but I didn&#039;t somehow by the grace of God. It works!"
"Lryica works well keeping the numbness and tingling to a tolerable level"
"This medicine worked. Took my akathesia away the moment I took it."
"Dr put me on pristiq because I was having a bad time dealing with the loss of a loved one. It&#039;s my first medication and have been on it for 9 months, Although it has relieved my mild anxiety I have decided that this or any other medication isnt for me.The weight gain has pprobably been the worst and only side effect for me, after 3 months I piled on 10kgs. On my pharmacists advice I have been lowering my dose on alternate days and am now on my third day without taking it. I feel like im a little tipsy/heavy headed by the end of the day and that&#039;s all so far but is bareable and I still manage to go about my day as normal, hopefully this doesn&#039;t last long. I have never experienced brain zaps either"
"Saved my life."
"I used Differin and the first month was HORRIBLE. I guess I needed to use moisturizer especially SPF.. Or lotion. I got sun burned really bad all over, my face was peeling and really scabby. I just looked crazy going to school. And my face hurt so bad so I started using it less. I even went to go get my eyebrows waxed and the wax was too hot for my face and sensitive skin it ripped and scabbed up really bad.. Ouch!  But luckily after one month was suffering my face and especially my nose (where I got it) it was all clear, gone, and smooth! Seems like similar experiences where it starts off bad then ends up good. I now put Olay SPF moisturizer on everyday and use it every other day with Cerave face wash."
"I had Mirena inserted 8 weeks after my daughter was born, it hurt to get it inserted. I had spotting for 3 to 6 months then nothing, I had it for 3 years then had it removed, removal was easy, it didn&#039;t hurt and a light period then nothing for 6 weeks then bam period. Loved it. Just wish it didn&#039;t throw off my period."
"I&#039;ve had the nexplanon for about 9 months now. I have been having irritation issues and it comes and goes I&#039;ve been to the doctor multiple times thinking I had an STD but that wasn&#039;t the case each time. The irritation is itchy and inflammed and my sex drive is gone and I have dizzy spells and mood swings. I have an appointment scheduled to get this taken out asap. I would not recommend this birth control to anyone. I read up on it and it said that one of the side effects was vaginitis this is not good very painful"
"I had a partial bowel obstruction and could not go. I tried several other laxatives, stool softener, prune juice, enema, fiber gimmes, everything I could think of and nothing worked! I could only poop water. I tired Miralax and within 2 days the obstruction started breaking down and within 1 week I started pooping normal! I was scared I was going to have surgery. I highly recommend this product."
"6 months 2 injections every 2 week.  Sorry guys but no effect at all. Still on 20 mg of prednisone a day .
I wish it had worked."
"I&#039;ve read many opinions on this site most being negative towards this amazing medication. I have suffered from a trapped nerve near my waistband ( hip) and nothing I took or did could stop the pain / burning / tingling numbness from my hip to my knee cap. I declined surgery to remove the nerve and was placed finally on lyrica. I hesitated for 2 months before finally giving in to the medication because of all the negative reviews you read online.First two days i was on lyrica I had a small headache and dry mouth that is about it. after a week the dry mouth went away and I was left virtually pain free within 2 weeks. DON&#039;T read into everything and hesitate to take thismedication.I have not gained a single pound and im pain free. im on 3 x 50mg"
"I wake up at night with severe cramps. I never had a cramp in my life until I started taking this medicine. The frequency of cramps is about 3 to 4 times per week, minimum. The cramp is so bad sometimes that I start on a cold sweat. I will ask my Doctor to change medicine."
"I have been on Mirena for 3 months now and it is amazing. I am 23 years old and have not had a child so the insertion was pretty painful. I had a lot of cramping after but nothing that some Aleve couldn&#039;t handle. Since then my periods have gotten significantly lighter. I have not experienced any difference with my weight (but I am hoping it will make me lose some). I have been on the pill and then the ring. Mirena is the best birth control I have experienced yet."
"My 3rd day on cipro without hardly any effect. I&#039;m in pain 24/7 like a period. Ready to consult a doctor again. I was in the ER the 6th of May. Still lots of pain. Plus I have stomach issues. No appetite. My entire abdominal area hurts. Nausea."
"So I&#039;ll be 28 in 2 months....I am getting Skyla tomorrow, but, I&#039;ve had Mirena, after my 2 nd daughter I decided to get Mirena and it was the WORST thing in the WORLD....I was a major bitch I gained 20 lbs I was an emotional asshole and I bled NON stop...I can not be on birth control because I have a blood mutation so any pill makes me higher risk for blood clots...I just had my 3rd child almost 2 years ago and I had been getting SEVERE migraines and mood swings so I went to the doctor and asked her opinion, she said that Skyla is a lower dose and it may be better for me because she thinks the Mirena was too high of a hormone dose. BUT since I got Mirena in 2009, you&#039;d think I&#039;d forget the insertion I didn&#039;t..It wasn&#039;t that bad and I&#039;m a baby."
"I have been on Victoza for four weeks now. My sugar counts were up to 27.9. doctor put my metformin up to four pills a day and on this great new medicine Victoza. I have lost 8 pounds. Started with 0.6 and then when I went up to 1.2. had felt really tired and had stayed in bed for a day. Doctor put me back to 0.6. but eventually I went back up to 1.2 and then the only side effect I had was burps and gas. Have a lot more energy then I have had in years."
"I have a severe case of tinea versicolor &amp; I have tried several over-the-counter remedies as well as a couple prescriptions.
I read the other comments on here was hopeful based on their experience, so I asked my doctor for it!
WORST IDEA EVER!!!!
I was also on a few other medications @ the same time for ADD &amp; depression/anxiety.
the Nizoral had a completely unexpected interaction &amp; caused me to go crazy.
no really- I mean hallucinating, talking to inanimate objects, thinking my car &amp; trees &amp; such things were ALIVE alive...
absolutely out-of-my-mind nuts.
it was terrifying.
PLEASE!!!-- if you are going to try Nizoral &amp; you&#039;re on any other medication I beg you to stay in CLOSE &amp; HONEST communication with your doctor.
PLEASE BE CAREFUL!!!"
"It happened last day before my period. Technically it&#039;s impossible to get pregnant in that period of the cycle, however every person is unique and may be a lot of exceptions. I took the pill ~40h after as I hoped period to start itself. After 24h felt nausea and was afraid that my body rejected it. Nevertheless, my period started 5 days later. I assume its delay was reasoned by the cold I got that month earlier and medicine I cured myself and eventually by that huge dose of hormone the morning pill consists of. The next period came right on time regarding the new cycle.
Insist on using condoms!"
"I started Trinessa a month and a half ago after being on Ortho Tri cyclen Lo for a year. So far it&#039;s been great with helping my painful periods, clearing up acne, and preventing pregnancy. The only complaint I have is the slight nausea every now and then along with feeling fatigued, I assume this should go away the more I use it so right now it&#039;s a waiting game. Other than that I like it."
"Had a great experience with Victoza. Really helps with blood sugar along with metformin. First few weeks were rough, very nauseated. stuck with it and very slowly increased my dose from .6 to 1.2 every time I felt up to it. lost 40 pounds over 8 months. Blood sugar in 90&#039;s in morning. I find it easier to eat a low carb diet when I am not that hungry."
"I&#039;ve had HSV-2 genital herpes for 6 years now &amp; as soon as I found out, I searched the internet for forums and medical advice to help myself live as comfortably as possible with this irritable condition. I started taking 1000mg of L-lysine daily with 500mg of Gigartina Red Marine Algae capsules and added 1 capsule of Extra Strength ViraStop 2 and boy I tell you; no ooutbreaks since my initial discovering that my bf gave it to me during an annual pap smear. Those 3 supplements together KILL THAT  VIRUS!!!! I hope they never stop making those supplements because they keep me OUTBREAK, ITCH, BURN, YEAST-FREE. Thank GOD for new holistic vitamins because I&#039;m not going to embarrass myself by getting Valtrex @ my local pharmacy."
"I am a 52 year old male, an RN, weighed in at 330 lbs prior to starting this medication.  Poor diet, I could never get &quot;full&quot;.  I snacked between snacks, ate high carbs and fat.  I was taking BP med and low dose SSRI, Lexapro 5mg daily for social anxiety.  I started Belviq 10mg 2/9/15.  I also started a diet consisting of 800 calories/day.  I have eliminated all dairy and processed carbs, no bread, no pasta, no cereal, nothing.  I also minimize my fat intake. An apple and coffee for breakfast, a chik breast, apple and salad for lunch and dinner. My snack is 1 cup nonfat cottage cheese.  25 days later, I have lost 25 lbs, am rarely hungry, and feel GREAT with no side effects. Wait till I start exercising! This med is a true lifesaver!"
"Well this medication improved my mood related to possible social anxiety but on the 3 day of taking I had some psychosis related side effects in aggravation then started to get very hyper but depressed bad experience"
"I have been on the Implanon since the 31/01/2015. 
For the first two or so months I didn&#039;t experience a period, they recommend that you get the implanon inserted while on your period and I did. 
Since having the Implanon in I have had little to no side effects that I can attribute to the contraception. My sex drive is normal, I get a bit more back-acne than I am used to but cleanser has sorted that out quite well, I have gained around 8lbs but the weight gain is a result of a lifestyle change (eating less healthily and moving less due to studying at a computer) and I&#039;ve found that when I go to the gym and eat a little better it shifts quite easily. It cost $37.05 for the actual implant and the associated visits were free. I love it! :)"
"Took this drug because my antidepressant was causing horrible mood swings. It works well and quickly, and side effects are not awful. Only problem was I would have really intense episodes of heavy breathing/heartbeat, with twitching and then I would barely be able to move for a while. Hopefully as I get used to it, this should go away. But great medication, really helped my mood and mental clarity!"
"I had my second child at 35 week. My insurance told me that the Makena shot will help me not to have a premature baby the shot hurt a lot and it&#039;s burn every time I took it. I started taking it at 20 weeks pregnant I had my baby at 29 weeks my water broke early. So I believe the Makena shot didn&#039;t work for me I really regret taking it it&#039;s was a waste of money for my insurance to pay for now my baby is in the NICU she&#039;s doing fine but if I ever get pregnant again I&#039;m not taking the Makena shot ever again it doesn&#039;t work"
"DR started me out on 10mg XR for MS fatigue, which is very much like ADD but a different cause. 

10 worked okay at first.  Went to 25 XR heart raced badly by the time the extended kicked in. 

Settled on 20 and the results so far are good.  Take first thing in morning. I&#039;m able to function basically all day.  Sleeping is a bit of an issue some days but not all.   

It&#039;s not a miracle drug for me but it&#039;s close.  I&#039;m able to play golf play with my kids and do all my errands which I never had the energy to do.  

My only concern is tolerance build up but I do NOT take every day.  Only as needed which for me is about every other day. 

I am 47 male.  Does not mess w my libido.  I&#039;m as interested as ever."
"I started with a low dose and then took the highest dose. I noticed nothing for the first two months and then I felt suicidal, derpressed and it did nothing for my ADHD. It was costly even with insurance and I had to stop taking it. Now I&#039;m stuck with my ADHD and never have I felt worse than I did on this medication. It messes with your mind."
"I had a tubal ligation and told the nurse beforehand that I was worried about the general anesthesia making me vomit, disturbing my incision. She gave me this patch behind my ear, and I didn&#039;t feel one bit of nausea after the surgery. I left it on for four days (even though it is rated for 3) just to make sure, and it worked flawlessly."
"I had a hernia operation and a few kidney stones. Taking one Percodan every four hours and when the pain gets more severe one every three hours. After my hernia operation I took a Percodan every three hours, even at night, for three weeks. It really saved the day but I had a hangover for about four days. Worth it."
"I totally agree with using this drug . I am going through menopause and have had blood taken to make sure I am . After talking to the doctor she upped my dose from 20 to 40mg as every 3rd week I was very anxious and totally forgetting things not sleeping overthinking and just feeling down and less confident horrible feeling.  I had sweats but not too bad as I was already on fluoxetine but once a month things got worse . It&#039;s saved me and my relationship and levelled things our for me . Don&#039;t leave it us women shouldn&#039;t suffer from menopause... go ask for help "
"I started Victoza later in 2013.  I am on Medicare, since I am a Senior Citizen and in Nov. of 2014 I was told I would have to pay $249 a month for it until January.  Not wanting to pay that much, I just quit using it for the last two months of 2014.  Initially, I had no side effects to the Victoza and had lost weight and the A1C went down to 6.8.  But now after starting the Victoza again since January, I am having those awful burps, to the point that I nearly get sick to my stomach.  Would it help if I took the shot at night instead of during the day?"
"Putting this in my vagina is a regret right up there among staying with my cheating ex boyfriend and breaking my toe that one time. Literally cannot remember a time I was in such pain and discomfort. Seriously irritated right now and wishing more than anything I had read all these reviews first. Guess that&#039;s what you get for trusting the pharmaceutical industry. Definitely going to Planned Parenthood tomorrow to get the pill medication. Tossing this pronto and then throwing some shade at my mother for not warning me that it would turn my vagina into a fire breathing dragon."
"I have been through two of these packs, and so far my body is very happy on this pill! I haven&#039;t had any experience with an initial breakout phase or breakthrough bleeding. I had some spotting initially, but my body seems to have synced up to this medication rather nicely! No change in sex drive or weird emotional mood swings! Love this BC!"
"Diagnosed with fibromyalgia 6 years ago, I&#039;ve tried many antidepressants and pain killers. I have been in withdrawal of Tramal and replacing it with Lyrica. I see it as my salvation when compared to some of the medications I have taken over the years. YES, withdrawal from any form of medication is horrific and with uncertainty and discomfort. I personally am prepared to go through this horrible time to give Lyrica it&#039;s chance to work and improve my life, as I have seen an improvement already. Thanks to those who worked so hard to make this medicine for those of us who need it, know that your work is appreciated."
"So I&#039;ve been ill for 16 yrs, autoimmune, so needless to say insomnia is part of the equation here, since I don&#039;t absorb anything properly I take is liquid or sublingual. I take 3mg sublingual dots they work like a charm, if it&#039;s a bad night I take 2. But that&#039;s just me. Also the blue light on your cell and Desktop computer lowers your Melatonin and causes you to lose sleep. Look for an app to filter that out that should help tremendously... sweet dreams"
"The reviews listed on the top of this site scared me. There are alot of reviews on vomiting, bad taste and bowel explosions. 

The taste is very bad. I drank it through a straw and cleansed my palate with a small sip of water after each drink. It helped. The medicine worked very well. I read the instructions and followed them to the letter, with the exception of sipping water to cleanse my palate. It would be much better if the taste was not so gross."
"I went on lexapro to control my depression caused by depo, and it was awful. It stopped my anxiety attacks, but I was still constantly paranoid. It helped with most of my depression. The lows were not as frequent or severe. However, it made me gain 30 lbs in a year. No amount of exercise of diet would help. I would not recommend this medication."
"Yes it definitely worked as a birth control but completely changed my personality in the meantime. The 14 day periods, tender breasts and stabbing pains, I could have coped with until it settled; but the anger out of nowhere, falling out with family and my partner, irrational crying, feeling totally emotionally unbalanced and actually hating who I&#039;d become were horrific. I&#039;d be very careful when choosing this contraception and look out for these signs and get it removed asap."
"I&#039;m in day five and it is terrible. I have woke the last two nights with chest pain,side hurt, back pain and numbness in both arms.Went away in about a hour.Have the worst yeast infection of my life. I&#039;m so tired most of the time.When I start to do anything I give out. Will be so glad when I finish. Will let you know how I do."
"I used the Plan B One-Step about 3-4 hours after the condom broke. My period came right on time, and I had no side effects. IT WORKS!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking 150mg x 2 per day for 5 weeks.  I started it prior to a right side A-flutter ablation, and then a month later, a left side A-fibrillation ablation.  I was on Coumadin for about two years while we got to the root cause of my cardiac issues, and I DO NOT miss bi-weekly sticks etc. when adjusting medicines up or down depending on INR results.  The only downside for me is the slight nausea and daily loose bowel movements.  I do a bit of traveling for work, and it can make the flying portion of travel rather nerve wrecking."
"I was on Latuda for 3 weeks and it was horrible. Where to begin. From day 2 I was unable to sleep at all. I averaged 2 hours of sleep for 3 weeks straight! Fortunately my Bipolar 1 and Schizoaffective Disorder were held in check. I don&#039;t know how. My sleep has now come back due to 100mg of Seroquel. Albeit I can not fall asleep without it. The worst lingering side effect has been with my tongue. It is constantly pushed up against the roof of my mouth! It never ends. I also constantly grind and clench my teeth. This has been the worst experience with any medication I have been on. I am also on 900mg of Lithium and 300mg of Lamictal."
"I had the worst experience ever!! I went to get the iud inserted. While I was certainly expecting some discomfort, it was the worst pain I have ever felt in my life, and this was after my csection. Yes, it hurt worse than my csection. I could barely talk the entire day I was in so much pain. My husband actually carried me to the car because my legs kept giving out. The first 3 days I was pretty much bed ridden. After a month I felt okay, but sex was so painful I could barely stand it. I would get shocking pains.I was shocked when I didn&#039;t have my period to find out I went through all of this pain to be pregnant 5 months later. Iud was no where to be found. It had expelled somehow."
"I was diagnosed with migraines at 19, and there has been a steady increase in frequency and severity as I aged. At 49 they became intractable and I ended up on disability. Botox became the last option. It&#039;s been nothing short of a miracle. My cluster and ice pick ha&#039;s stopped, I&#039;ve had only two throbbing migraines in 4 mos, and my photosensitivity has improved. It took about 10 days for it to kick in the first time. The pokes of the injections are a very small price to pay for the benefit I&#039;ve seen."
"I love this medicine, would give it a 10 but it is always an ordeal to get it. I tried the genetic and it did not control my seizures as well. Super expensive but worth it. I can work, have a family and go outside during the day."
"I took Requip 4mg one time and it was terrible! Within 30 minutes I was very nauseated. By 3am I was throwing up. I felt so fatigued all day. I felt like I did when I would go out and tie one on  (been out drinking) . I won&#039;t take this medication again."
"I am 5&#039; 6&quot; and was 190 lbs. when I started this medicine. I began taking this medication 3 weeks ago as part of the Doctor G&#039;s Weight Loss Program.  At the end of 2 weeks, I was down 9 pounds.  I don&#039;t get weighed again until Week 4.

I have not been hungry at all.  I am only taking half the recommended dose because I truly believe that taking medication is never healthy.  However, I am in the military and need to lose weight for this year&#039;s waist measurement.  A hysterectomy has really screwed things up for me."
"When this drug is given regularly, can give the life back to the patients. I have seen their hygiene get better and them get more social."
"I had a myometomy over 7 years ago. I had a relief of not experiencing abdominal pain, heavy bleeding, blood clots and cramping when having my menstrual cycle. Fast forward 7 years later- I have those same symptoms---abdominal pain, heavy bleeding, blood clots and cramping. I KNEW my fibroids grew back! After extensive testing (ultrasound) it was confirmed by my doctor. She said the fibroid was on the OUTSIDE of my uterine wall and not on the inside. She gave me options- surgery or birth control. I chose birth control and she put me on Junel 1/20. So far, very little cramping and NO BLOOD CLOTS and ABDOMINAL PAIN. Mind you, I still take ibuprofen but, I&#039;m more physically outgoing and not bed ridden or curled up into a ball."
"Be warned. This product is strong chemical and should not be applied all over &#039;the affected area&#039; that has healthy skin with couple of blocked pores/comedones  but ONLY ON SPOTS. I&#039;ve burned my skin with this product, trying to recover this dry, patchy, red mess has caused new breakouts. I also got 3 new breakouts after first application. After second they got smaller in size (for that it gets better rate than 1). After 3rd I looked like I&#039;ve been attacked. I&#039;ve stopped using it and won&#039;t continue due to bad reaction. My skin is at all time low and I would have been better off without it."
"If you have mild back pain then this drug works well. I am 16 and after 8 months on Norco 10/325 I am now moving to schedule 2 drugs which are oxycodone but for the 8 months this drug worked very well."
"Hilarious! It kept me AWAKE ALL Night. IT had no affect on me at all."
"I had been given Lasix 20 mg for swollen feet and lower legs. It didn&#039;t work so the doctor upped it to 40 mg. That didn&#039;t work either. So then he prescribed Metolazone 5 mg. This worked. But it took a few weeks. Since I am the first person writing a review, I assume this isn&#039;t prescribed often."
"I have been on antidepressants for 5 yrs and several of them made me gain weight and I always had this feeling of shakiness.  My Dr switched me to a combo of Wellbutrin XL and Prozac 20mg.  I&#039;ve lost like 15 pounds and feel way better!!  Made such a huge difference for me in how I feel about myself.  I agree with others that have posted, I only take brand name meds.  I&#039;ve heard so many issues with how generics don&#039;t work as well.  To me, to feel better and finally be able to enjoy life, it is worth it.  My two cents..."
"Wow!"
"I was started on 300mg at night for a week, then 600mg, up to 1800mg at night.
I loved in the first week and a half  (it erased most of my pain and my anxiety!) but then got headaches from the 600mg dosage. 
I stopped for a week then began again with 100mg in the morning, 100mg in the afternoon and sometimes 100mg at night. It works! A lot less pain, a lot less anxiety and my negative thoughts seemed to have mostly disappeared. I exercise, work, like normal. I recommend this medicine highly, but start slow. I like taking it mid day when my pain starts to kick in, taking a huge dosage at night makes me groggy in the morning."
"I&#039;m very frustrated.  I gained so much weight on Seroquel, but felt great.  But, I continued to gain weight so switched to Latuda.  I&#039;m miserable.  I cannot sleep, which of course makes everything worse. I&#039;ve tried it for a week and am having to switch back now. I hope I can find something eventually that helps me sleep and feel stable, but I don&#039;t gain weight."
"It&#039;s helpful when I need a boost in getting work done. When my pain is so unbearable, most times the medicine does not work."
"This is my second year on this &amp; I&#039;m already about to get this taken out. I absolutely HATE IT. It doesn&#039;t make me gain weight at all.. while I was on this I probably gained about 5-10 pounds and thats it. I weigh 115. One thing I really hate about this is I&#039;m constantly bleeding. I&#039;ll be bleeding for a month &amp; be off for about 2 weeks or 1 &amp; I&#039;ll be back on. Not just that, ever since I&#039;ve been on this I&#039;ve been sad, mad, every mood in the book. It works and everything but honestly I just think this is the worst birth control ever! (I didn&#039;t try every birthcontrol). I&#039;m moving to the shot. This is the worst thing I can ever get. I hate it. I definitely don&#039;t recommended this. It makes me not even wanna have sex anymore. This thing is horrible!!"
"I was prescribed Norco 5/325 to manage post-operative pain from a tooth extraction.

The first time I took it, I took one pill  became really nauseous and didn&#039;t feel any pain relief.

The second time I took 2 pills. I didn&#039;t develop nausea, which was good, but I also didn&#039;t experience any pain relief or drowsiness. It was like I hadn&#039;t taken anything at all."
"While it is effective in lowering blood pressure, I have experienced  side effects, to include ringing in the ears, dizziness, rapid heart beat, odd muscle pain and slightly elevated liver values.  I also experienced rapid weight gain when switched to a generic version of the medicine."
"I have Angina and over the past year began a regime of Bayer (or Bufferin) starting at 500mg every morning. Things got a little worse after six months and I upped my dosage to 1000mg per day. This was all self medication without medical consult (I knew what the problem was). Finally even the 1000mg a day wasn&#039;t working and I went to see the doctor. He put me on 50mg of Lopressor per day and things turned around within 2 days. The pain is gone and I can get a whole nights sleep without waking up in the middle of the morning (usually 3-4am, when the incidence of heart attack is the highest statistically) in major pain. So far so good. If you have Angina then DO see a doctor. Get the tests! After all, it&#039;s really your life your dealing with."
"It startet a year ago with 0.5mg Clonazepam, now I am on 1.5 mg of Clonazepam, it basically stopped working for my insomnia. I went to see my doc, he prescribed me Temazepam (Restoril) which has a very short half life, half of that of Clonazepam, sure enough it didn&#039;t work! I called my doctor and he said he would call in Ativan (Lorazepam) at my pharmacy, I should take 1 mg. Ativan has an even shorter half life than Temazepam, besides the equivalent dosage of 1.5 mg Clonazepam is 3 mg! of course that 1 mg didn&#039;t do anything. And on top of that I got withdrawing symptoms from not taking Clonazepam! I called my doctor again, he was agitated and told me to take 30 mg Temazepam together with 1 mg Ativan together with 10 mg Zyprexa!!!! I fired him"
"Great medicine. Worked fast for my daughter&#039;s ear infection."
"I&#039;ve been using Cryselle for three months now and it has been amazing!!! I used to get horrible cramps that often made me nauseous and that resulted in me missing several days of school just because of my period. Since I&#039;ve been on this birth control, my period changed from 5 days to 3 days and I bleed much lighter with mild to no cramps. The first couple weeks I had some mood swings and cravings for food but it stopped after the first month. The only downside to it is it will make you feel nauseous if you take it at night and my breasts are very tender and sore during my period. But other than that A++!!!"
"I went to my doctor in april of 2000, my weight was 218 lbs and I am only 5 ft 1 inch, so you can imagine me being just as round as tall. I took the pills 3 x a day and walked 1 to 2 miles twice a day. I was down to 135 lbs by the following summer of 2001. I did put on some weight starting in 2003 to 2004 as I had got married and my whole cooking habits changed. I am walking on my treadmill daily now and eating better. Trying to take it off again."
"I started taking these pills January 2016 I was a 112 pounds my height is 5 5 my age of 33 it is now June 8th 2016 and I weigh a 148 pounds. I am so excited these pills really do work if you&#039;re looking to gain weight I take my pills 3 times a day with a multivitamin"
"I started one week ago taking 2 per day as prescribed but forgot 2 days to take second dose at work, so last 4 days only taking 10mg in morning. Not hungry at all. Eating mostly Paleo diet, some cardio exercise, and have lost 6.9 pounds in last 1 week. I am very impressed! Slight headache, dizziness, &quot;high&quot; feeling first few days, but have gone away."
"I just wish I found Suboxone sooner!  8  months so far, hopefully many more to go!"
"I was on Ativan for Generalized Anxiety Disorder with Panic Disorder.  It worked okay, however once I started seeing a specialist, I changed to Klonopin.  I find that Klonopin is much more consistent, meaning I don&#039;t feel it kick in and wear off like I did the Ativan, this apparently is due to its longer half-life.  I did find out the hard way, that these are abused by some people, so don&#039;t leave them accessible in any way.  I had mine stolen once, bad experience!"
"I&#039;ve been on this medicine for about 3 months now and it has been a life saver for me when it comes to getting some sleep.  I normally take 2 four mg tabs and I am able to sleep for 3 to 4 hours each new night.  Prior to being prescribed this medicine I would get at most 1 to 1 1-2 hours of sleep a night with the help of past n medication.  I have several problems were the my back, neck and legs plus fibromyalgia.  I can&#039;t tell you how happy I am that my  rheumatologist prescribed this med for help sleeping at night.  I&#039;ve tried  Flexeril and I as so doped up the next day that all I wanted to do was sleep.  Count me as one that has had great results and might ask my Dr. If it&#039;s possible to take a small dose during the day."
"66 yo with badly damaged ankles--both need replacement, which I won&#039;t do until absolutely necessary.  Bad back; recent wrist surgery.  Hamstring injury taking months for recovery.  And some shoulder pain.  All from a lifetime of sports competition, injuries, and overuse.

I take Tramadol 37.5 with acetaminophen and it really helps.  Take around 3 to 5 a week.  Have tried the time release 200 mg and it really worked, but knocked me silly for the first couple hours.  Ultracet really helps and I&#039;m wary of additive potential since I feel hopeful/moderate well-being on it, but at my age--what the hack."
"I have been on Phentermine for many months now Doctored monitored I have lost almost 40 lbs.... But tolerance seems to build up and mg needs increased - I seem to be plateauing, Overall great med for weightloss -- Although I lost a job opportunity - even though I submitted all info to company and told them I would be flagged for amphetimine in drug screening they still wouldnt hire and I submitted complaint to Americans with Disabilities act, Stop taking 6 days before pee test if trying to get a job."
"I have been on Warfarin for about 6 months now.  I had a kidney removed and later it was discovered through testing that I had a blood clot in my leg, therefore, my physician put me on Warfarin.  I have been up and down with my dosages as one time my INR was too high and then it&#039;s too low - as of now I am alternating doses every other day - I will see next week if that helps keep my INR steady.  I have not noticed any side effects from this drug, but I am also on a kidney drug which has given me quite a few side effects so maybe I just don&#039;t notice any from the Warfarin."
"I took this medication for a tooth infection. I have ulcers so I was concerned. My dentist told me a trick.. drink a half glass of water then eat half of your meal, take the pill, finish your meal and follow with full glass of water. Don&#039;t lay down for an hr. I followed his instructions and boom not one side effect.  No stomach pain at all. ALWAYS take with food. Medication works wonders. I take 300mg 3x a day."
"Was on Lyrica for peripheral neuropathy and fibromyalgia. However, symptoms remained intense and quality of life was severely compromised. In comparison, within days of switching to 90mg Cymbalta daily, symptoms dramatically improved with little side effects."
"After having such severe anxiety to the point of being suicidal, I have with the help of Valium been able to function again. Valium has saved my life."
"It was effective in lowering my blood pressure from 150/95 down to 128/83 on average. However, this drop came at a tremendous expense to my lifestyle. I&#039;ve felt very low energy, occasional dizziness, headaches and general lack of interest in anything. My appetite dropped and I stopped feeling life inside me. In a nutshell, harmful side effects make this drug ineffective in solving BP problems"
"Stop breathing. Had to be intubated for 3 days."
"I started Topamax in 2005. Doctor said he was going to kill three birds with one stone; migraines, fibromyalgia, and weight. Started on 25mg a day for the first week, 50 the next, then 75 and at a month I was at 100mg. Every week I had different side effects. I would talk funny, not be able to walk, tingly feeling in my extremities, and soda started tasting DISGUSTING! By the end of two months most of the side effects had gone. A few things to mention though; you WILL be thirsty all the time; my suggestion is to carry a bottle of water with you at ALL times. You will NOT sweat; make sure you keep cool. And I lost 76lbs in 6 mo! Looking better than ever, and kept it off for 6 years now! Good luck to you all, stick to it and it will work for you."
"I developed psoriasis after the birth of my first child.  It responded well to Taclonex, but I had to stop using it for my second pregnancy.  My elbows, and now the tops of my feet, became really bad recently and I called for a new prescription.  After weeks of terrible discomfort it is almost cleared in a few days time.  I have never experienced any side effects.  I love this medicine."
"It makes my hand a little shaky."
"Overall I liked this pill. The positives outweighed the negatives for me. Initially I took it to change my cycle due to a vacation I was going on. I decided to stay on it for another 4 months as birth control. The positives- regular period, no weight gain, no breakthrough bleeding, no more cramping, no co-pay, and NO babies! The negatives- mood swings, leg cramps, occasional cystic acne (a week before and during placebo week), remembering to take it everyday, and breast tenderness. Eventually I got tired of remembering to take a pill everyday, so I switched to the Nexplanon arm implant which has been great so far. If the pill doesn&#039;t work out for you, there are other good options!"
"I felt very little positive effect when I was on 150 SR  for two months. After I switched to XL 300 I noticed a change. I have been taking this for about two months. All I can say is HANG IN THERE! For me the side effects were awful and it took so long to start feeling better. But now I do! I feel like myself again--I don&#039;t feel blissfully happy and I still get down at times but I feel like a normal human being. This quite literally saved my life."
"I switched from Paxil to Paroxetene to save co-pay money.  Big mistake.  I learned very quickly that the generic is inferior to the brand, and I would not recommend switching.  The generic can be manufactured anywhere in the world and the chemical formula differs from one manufacturer to the next.  The generic version left me irritable and slightly depressed, even though my Dr. said there was no difference between them.  I spent six months of the generic (job stress was the culprit) and then switched permanently to the brand."
"This drug actually added on to my problems with my migraines. I became so dizzy, sweat nonstop, and can&#039;t seem to find a good night of sleep since being on this medicine."
"AT LAST IM FREE OF BV. After years of BV I&#039;m finally smell free. I can&#039;t even tell you how amazing this drug is. I&#039;ve had zero side effects and I don&#039;t even care if the pill has a slight taste to it its far from the smell I was experiencing. I started to see results from day 2."
"Love it!  Other birth control products cause crazy mood swings for me but with this one none.  Plus it is easy!  I don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill every day.  If you live a busy life like I do this is the birth control to have!"
"I just started Seasonique almost two months ago.  For about the first five weeks, it was fine and I didn&#039;t have a period or spotting.  Although, for the last three weeks I&#039;ve been bleeding like a normal period.  Also, ever since I started taking it, my libido is really low and I simply have no sex drive.  My gyno says that the bleeding is just my body getting used to the new drug, but honestly, a three week period."
"I have had a bad case of hemorrhoids for 6 months now and have tried everything otc, even a few trips to the ER! I finally was referred to a general surgeon who said while yes I have some hemorrhoids, I also have an anal fissure. He prescribed Proctofoam and so far so good! No pain, no bleeding! My insurance did not cover this and I had to pay $135, but it has been worth it! When I go back to the Dr in 10 days, I will update my review and rating!"
"After Orth-tricyclen and Yaz, both of which gave side effects. So I tried Aviane and am quite pleased with it. Other than finding it difficult to get sleep sometimes, I haven&#039;t experienced any bad side effects. I also like that it&#039;s so inexpensive."
"Have been taking Buspar for over 10 years along with an antidepressant.  Before taking Buspar, anxiety attacks were so bad that I could not work for several years.  I take it at night and no side effects, unlike other anti-anxiety medicines."
"I was given Rx for lamictal when we finally discovered I had cyclothymic disorder vs. Generalized AD and MDD. I felt great on effexor xr for awhile, then was having severe anxiety  (I thought) which turned out to be a bipolar episode.  We added lamictal and decreased my effexor from 300mg to 150mg. Now I am able to recognize my cycles and take 150mg of effexor from October to march then 75mg effexor March to October. I take 150mg lamictal all year and 1mg klonopin at bedtime every night to sleep. I  am also allowed 1 klonopin daily as needed but rarely need to use that. Lamictal  is my wonder drug!!! After suffering for 20 years trying to figure out the right combination of meds to feel good I  am on track!"
"It works wonders. I&#039;m no longer depressed or tired. Everyone who qualifies for a prescription should get it"
"I took three tablets last night. I expected all the things that are mentioned in other reviews. I did not even have any cramping. I woke up at my usual time. I did not have a sudden urge to use the bathroom. I just tried to go and was able to. I do have diarrhea and have gone a few times already, but I expect to get diarrhea when I take a laxative."
"When my hypothyroidism went low enough to treat 15 years ago, I was given Levoxyl, adjusted up to 150 mcg. Fibromyalgia of 23 years worsened. In last 4 years, I developed severe fatigue crashes, heat and exercise intolerance, anxiety, depression, water retention, leg and back muscle weakness/wasting/pain. Tests normal. I exhausted best rheumatologist and neurologist in town, two normal muscle biopsies. Thyroid levels top of normal. Doctors kept me there, prescribing prednisone and five other medicines for fatigue and pain. Sudden breathing problems occurred. Hyperthyroidism exhausted my adrenals. New doctor put me on Armour, lower at 75 mg two weeks ago. I feel fantastic - more strength, less pain/weakness!"
"Tried everything to help with toothache over the weekend.  Had to ring NHS Direct Dental and they suggested trying Ibuprofen.  Thank God they did !!!  Within half hour was able to function again without the pain.  Would recommend to anyone suffering toothache."
"I had been struggling to poop for about a week. Straining on the toilet and only a pebble would come out. My stomach was so bloated and big people asked me if I was pregnant. I was so embarrassed so I asked my husband sister who is a nurse practitioner what does she recommend and she suggested magnesium citrate lemon flavor cvs brand. It tasted really good I gulped the entire 10 oz. bottle and waited for the party to begin. I took it around 3:30pm and laid down because I was feeling gassy, around 6:30pm I woke up to a bubbly stomach. I thought I had to pass gas but I ran to the toilet because I didn&#039;t know what to expect. Omg it was like a 4th of July finale! A huge splash of liquid like poop came out. I am waiting for more to happen."
"Tried everything in the past: training, courses, learning complete presentations by heart. Nothing helped and symptoms became worse. Intense anticipatory anxiety, not be able to sleep for days, could not think about something else. Blackouts during presentations. Described by my GP and it&#039;s a miracle. I&#039;m now giving presentations like a pro, even getting compliments from my supervisor. Also, the anticipatory anxiety is almost gone. I can even have a good sleep the evening before my presentation. I believe that this medicine is not registered for this specific use. I don&#039;t understand why, it really works and for sure it&#039;s not a placebo effect."
"I have been on it for about 2 months have yet to notice any difference. I still pee every 90  to 120 minutes at night. Plus I have been getting headaches every now and then and am constipated at times. I think I was better off not taking it."
"Sprintec sucks!!! The reason I got on the pill was so I can have sex and not get pregnant!! Well, it works because I can&#039;t have sex because I won&#039;t stop bleeding!!! I first started taking the pill in October, all was well. When I started taking the placebos, I started my period and it lasted for two weeks. It finally ended. I decided the next time to skip the placebos so I wouldn&#039;t bleed for two weeks. Well, I started to bleed anyways, and I&#039;ve now been bleeding for probably close to a month now. It hasn&#039;t really helped with acne or anything either. IDK whether to continue to take the pill and hope for the best or stop taking it and maybe my bleeding will stop??? Ugh!!!"
"Only complaint I have is that is falls off constantly. I always put on medical tape with it and it still falls off. Still working for me but its honestly irritating when it falls off all the time. I would have expected something that suppose to stick on not to peel off all the time. Would be better if it just stuck on the whole day!"
"I have been using Celexa for a little over a year now.  I was really going through some very stressful situations.  Over the years I have been on other medications and was taken off after about a year.  I had got to the point that I was having chest pains and could not stand to be around people.  I did not want to leave the house.  This medication has worked wonders for me.  I enjoy being around people now and I no longer have chest pains and I no longer shake like I am freezing.  I would recommend Celexa to anyone that needs it."
"I am taking Celexa now for about 2 weeks.  My heavy numbness in the morning is still there and not able to function until 2 or 3 in the afternoon.  I drink wine in the evening and thought I could stop. Not so.  I have to stop the wine and Advil in the evening and maybe I will see a difference.  "
"I have been on the depo shot since October 2014. After my first shot I bled for 2 months straight. I consulted with my doctor and she said it was normal. I got my second shot and I bled 6 weeks straight. Within the 2 shots I started noticing acne, headaches all the time, and lots of anxiety/fatigue/dizziness and I find myself being hungry all the time. I told myself that I would not get a 3rd shot. I have severe cramps and I have not bled since the 6 weeks after I got my 2nd shot so I was happy about not having a period. I decided to go ahead and get the 3rd shot. I have not had any bleeding but the acne and headaches, anxiousness, dizziness, and fatigue are all still happening. I don&#039;t like what the shot is doing to my body therefore I"
"I have been on Depakote for 15 years, I have epilepsy juvenile myoclonic. No side effects for me. I really like this medicine. It makes me feel safe all the time."
"I hope that my review can help someone who was in my shoes a month ago. I had randomly developed social anxiety. It came later on in life, and I couldn&#039;t even hold conversations with friends, family members, coworkers etc. I also felt generalized anxiety, as well as OCD. My mind was constantly going, and it deterred me from enjoying life and building relationships with others. I decided to go to therapy, and was suggested Zoloft . I was a skeptic at first, since there is such a stigma around anti-depressants and I heard so many negative reviews about Zoloft. However, I tried it and my doctor prescribed me 50mg. I fought all the side effects, but it got better! I would suggest sticking it out, because it has changed my life for the better!"
"I&#039;m 25 and I&#039;ve always had cold sores in my mouth since I was 4 and it can happen with sun or eating citrus. It&#039;s only getting worse now that I have braces so my Orthodontist told me about this pill and my doctor gave it to me and I love it EXCEPT I get a headache, fatigue, dizziness and joint pain...but it&#039;s totally worth it!"
"I just started taking this medication (2 days now) and already I can feel it&#039;s effect in terms of curbing my hunger. I no longer have cravings for &quot;late night&quot; snacks and can go through the day hardly thinking about food. I am 50lbs over weight, so I&#039;m hoping I can report back telling you that I lost it all. Here&#039;s to hope!"
"I&#039;ve suffered with anxiety at critical periods in my life and was advised by MD&#039;s to try antidepressants as an alternative to Ativan.  The side effects were intolerable.
BuSpar has been miraculous for me. The first week was an adjustment, with ups and downs in mood and some restlessness.  On the 7th day I awoke to even, stable
calm and increased concentration which has been consistent.  My advice is stay with it for a couple of weeks using a benzodiazapine as needed until you stabilize.
I had few side effects and those eventually disappeared."
"I had klyeena inserted about a 10 days ago. As long as your breathe when the doctor is inserting it, it doesn&rsquo;t hurt too bad. I had some pretty terrible cramps for the next few hours that didn&rsquo;t go away till noon the next day. I had very little bleeding. The doctor said I could have sex that night if I wanted, I didn&rsquo;t but it was nice to know I could. Other than that it hasn&rsquo;t been terrible, some mild cramps here and there but I feel great, no bad side effects yet, but I&rsquo;m supposed to get my period soon so I guess that&rsquo;s going to be the ultimate test."
"I had the implant placed after having my daughter.  While it was very effective in stopping pregnancy, I always ended up with numerous side effects.  I did not have a period the whole 2 1/2 years I had the implant and now a year after having it removed I&#039;ve only had two periods.  I starting gaining weight very quickly and have still yet to be able to lose the weight.  I also had mood swings, extreme headaches, and stomach cramps.  This was my experience and I know not everyone has the same issues but I thought I would share my experiences."
"Not been on for long but mainly got it for PMDD symptoms - which are very similar to the mood swings effects of Nexplanon. I feel amazing. I was so scared to have it done but it didn&#039;t hurt to get it in - but the bruises were unsightly and meant I had to wear long sleeved tops for a week. Only side effects for me are occasional headaches, more spots (solved by daily facewash), dry throat, appetite, and similar to Irritable Bowel Syndrome symptoms but all solved by boosting blood sugar. Spotting isn&#039;t a problem as long as you remember to carry pantyliners. This is nothing compared to my past problems, very happy - but yet to see if it prevents pregnancy!"
"Been taking this medication for the past 2 weeks and I&#039;ve expierenced nausea , dizziness, headaches and feeling depressed I&#039;m currently seeking to change my b/c"
"This medication works great. EXCEPT the fact that it gives you horrible scary brain zaps if you are even a few hours late on your usual dose!!"
"I was on this medication for having my period non stop for 6 months. IT MADE ME BLEED MORE! I became anemic. I stopped after 1 month. It made me emotional and I gained about 10 pounds."
"hi im using aldana and now its my 4thd day using this i hope its work but i feel in side is swolling and reddish and a little bit itchy in my labia i have also i hope it works"
"I have had severe OCD since I was 14 years old.  I suffer from obsessions alone.   I also suffer from Bipolar I.  I was on Luvox or Fluvoxamine for 15 years and it took away most of my obsessions.  After 15 years it no longer worked and it took much convincing for my psychiatrist to allow me to start on Clomipramine.  I have been taking Clomipramine for 6 weeks.   I was surprised at how few side effects I have.  I can see well now,  I couldn&#039;t see well on Fluvoxamine.  Even with a new prescription I could not see a street sign.  I have no problems with Clomipramine.  More doctors should offer this drug"
"WORST LAXATIVE EVER!!! Horrible cramping and gas!! Took a very long time to work! I didn&#039;t take 3 tabs at once I took two. I wouldn&#039;t recommend going this route. It has made me miserable."
"I was given Diamox to prevent any increase in eye pressure after an ICL surgery (basically cataract surgery).  My pressures were great, but the side effects from this were no fun.  I experienced dizziness, tingling in my toes, and worst of all, my taste was off.  The worse taste difference I noticed was in caffeinated beverages and that&#039;s what caused my to do some looking around to see what was going on."
"For me it works pretty good but not perfect . It surely makes my Psoriasis better , but it will not really disappear totally . I&#039;d say it takes away 75% of Everything , but when you stop with Otezla , it all comes back worse than ever .

But a combination of Dervovat and Otezla works great for me . 

Here in sweden we pay a maximum of 220 USD/Year for drugs . Then it`s free :-) . Since Otezla costs 750 USD/ Month here , I&#039;m thankful for that ."
"I would like to address women who already struggle with depression, insomnia, or mood disorders, like myself. If you&#039;re already bad off don&#039;t do this to yourself, it might be the final &quot;push&quot;. I got the 3month shot (+add-back) and it made me suicidal. My moods went from extreme anger to sobbing, insomnia, HOT FLASHES, and my left arm kept going numb in daily activities! This went on for a month, at 2 months I leveled out. Not far into the 3&#039;rd month the hot flashes came back, cold sweats (felt like drug withdrawal), and my pain was back! I went to my Ob/gyn 1 week early because of this to find I had grown 11 new painful cysts! It didn&#039;t even work, and to stop it is also unpleasant (withdrawals). Worst med decision I ever made! HELL!"
"I&#039;m taking escitalopram known as &quot;Cipralex&quot; in the country I&#039;m in temporarily, better known as &quot;Lexapro&quot; in the States, and I&#039;ve found it surprisingly effective for my anxiety. I feel calm, relaxed, and content at almost all times. Also, I find myself comfortable in situations where my anxiety used to get the best of me. Lexapro is a true pharmaceutical innovation. I fully recommend this drug for anxiety/depression/apathy."
"I&#039;m just about to start my 3rd month on lolo and so far it&#039;s been great!
The first 2 weeks was pretty rough as I experienced severe nausea every time I took the pill. To be fair this was also the first time I&#039;ve taken a hormonal contraceptive in about 5 years. I experience about 3-4 days of very light spotting the week before my period is due and my periods are pretty much non-existent. Spotting for about 2 days. I started taking this birth control to relieve debilitating menstrual cramps, and since starting on this pill I haven&#039;t had ANY pain AT ALL. It has been life changing. My sex drive and skin have both improved, my breasts have grown about a cup size, and my weight hasn&#039;t changed."
"Ok, so bad fungal infection on one toe for years which then developed across four, badly! Have just finished three months of tablets today and apart from a mild dizziness for the first two days it&#039;s been fine, apart from a noticeable odour in any gas and stools which has been constant throughout the medication period. In terms of the nails, my two big toes were the worst. But I can see healthy growth at the bottom of the nail beginning to come through, so am really hopeful it has worked. Remember, for the medicine to work it has to be ever-present in your bloodstream so try not to miss taking it."
"Effective use on 3 separate cases of suspected flu - the last of which also had augmentin for secondaries."
"I had a rash caused by insect bites so Doctor gave me Protopic he said it would get rid of rash. I had tried everything : calamine lotion,  baking soda,  tea tree gel with vitamin E, lavender rosemary oil &amp; with hazel,  well nothing got rid of rash also my skin cannot handle hydrocortisone  cream &amp; I cannot take benadryl.   So I got the protopic &amp; antibiotics. 
Yes it cleared it away brilliantly, however  Doctor told me to use twice a day incorrect dosage. Did not warn me of evil side effects. My skin became mess soon as I stopped using remembering Doctor saying apply more if you had any problems,  it would clear skin then get worse and worse leathery skin painful blisters ozzing nasty redness bumpy skin - Red Skin Syndrome."
"I got Implanon in January 2009. It has its up&#039;s and downs since I got it. I started having light periods for 6 weeks then I didn&#039;t get a period anymore. The Implanon has moved from its original place so have to get it checked."
"I just took the first 100mg pill a few hours ago and I feel different. I feel almost normal. I&#039;m not thinking about being depressed and my energy is almost back to normal. No antidepressant, antipsychotic or mood stabilizer has ever done that! If this feeling keeps up or gets better, I don&#039;t know what I&#039;ll do. I&#039;ll probably cry tears of joy. Is this what normal people feel like?"
"Worked great!!! Pooping like a champ. "
"I was on Paxil for PTSD, social anxiety, and depression. It worked wonderfully for me and all my issues. However, I ran out over the weekend and had to wait until Monday to see the doctor and get my prescription filled. The problem with Paxil is it leaves your body in 25 hours. So 25 hours after your last dose TERRIBLE withdrawals kick in. I felt so angry for absolutely no reason. I got ready in the morning and broke my hair dryer, straightener, and brush. While waiting in the doctors office I felt like I was going to scream, cry, or assault random people in the waiting room. So that is what Paxil withdrawal was like for me.
None of this is normal for me. When I&#039;m in a low point I usually just feel sad and extremely anxious about being around people."
"I have taken Flexeril and other then putting me to sleep it never helped."
"It&#039;s the only injection that truly helps my son be able to function  as a rambunctious teenager without pain in all his joints. He&#039;s had up to 17 injections done at one time for his Poly-particular Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis with a short recovery time and pain relief for 3-4 months. I highly recommend asking about getting this injection instead of a short lived Cortisone injection."
"Only little side effect I had was occasional graphic dreams, which actually were, on the most hand, quite enjoyable. Been smoker for 30  years and honestly can&#039;t even believe how easy it was to quite smoking using Chantix. I am really amazed. I have been a non-smoker for about 11 months now and have ABSOLUTELY no desire to go back. Thanks a bunch."
"Works great just works slowly."
"My Crohn&#039;s disease diagnosis followed a routine colonoscopy at age 54. I had unexplained bouts with diarrhea but never thought much of it. Pentasa reduced the frequency from about every three weeks to about every six-eight weeks, and appears to have reduced the inflammation. No obvious side effects, seems to be helping."
"Ampyra has been great for me.  One of the biggest improvements is that I can stand up for longer periods of time.  Before, I got tired and had to sit within 5 or so minutes.  Now I can stand longer.  My legs don&#039;t feel quite so heavy and my foot drop is better.  A couple of times, by accident, I have missed taking my medicine and the change was very evident.  When I got back on schedule, again I was much better.  I am so glad to have this medication!"
"I have used other birth control in the past that has regulated my periods like clockwork after one month of use.  I have been diagnosed with high blood pressure and was told this was one of the only pills that did not have a side effect of higher BP.  I gave it 4 consistent months and after I have experienced epic bleeding, to the point it was like having 2 periods back to back, I decided it wasn&#039;t for me."
"I had the mirena coil fitted 4 years ago. My periods became heavier for the first six months. Haven&#039;t had a period now for 2 years brilliant - the down side is weight gain, 3 stone. I&#039;m due to have it removed I want to have another one put in but the weight gain is a big issue."
"I have had asthma for 45 years. I started on this medication when I was very young. It&#039;s always worked very well for me. I have had physicians try to change it to something else but I always end up requesting they change me back to Ventolin. It just works."
"It took away my acne in a few days. but it made me nauseous when I took it on an empty stomach. My insurance covered it partially. But I didn&#039;t want to take it too long and become resistant to antibiotics."
"Even though there are many food restrictions, food I dearly love and miss, Parnate has given me my life back. I have been suffering from anxiety and depression all my life and this is the first drug that has actually helped. Thank you for giving me life again."
"I have been on Yaz for four years. It is the only birth control I have ever been on because my doctor recommended it the first time I saw him, and I have never had any problem with it."
"I have 2 herniated discs with sciatica and without the Lortab 7.5mg I am in so much pain I have to stay in bed and suffer. With this medication I can function very well and enjoy a almost normal daily routine. I own horses and have always been very physical. Without this medicine I can&#039;t do anything that I normally do."
"Well I been on this medication since I was 9 to about 13 years on age and I was wondering was that a to long amount of years on medication I&#039;m 19 now"
"I&#039;ve been on Gilenya (Fingolimod) for 3 years through the clinical trial.  I could not tolerate the other medicines and have seen so much improvement with Gilenya.  If it came only in shot form I would still take it.  Being a pill is a plus, but the effectiveness and minimal side effects is what I&#039;ve been impressed with.  "
"Took this medicine along with Uroxatral for slow stream and urinary frequency, both secondary to radiation cystitis caused by brachytherapy.  Vesicare caused slight mouth dryness at 5mg, severe mouth dryness and bad taste at 10mg.  "
"I have been taking Mirapex for a couple of weeks now. It doesn&#039;t seem to be helping that much just yet. I was diagnosed with restless legs syndrome about 6 years ago, which was a problem at night time. In October, I suddenly started having severe symptoms during the day, so I went to my doctor and she put me on Mirapex 0.125mg a day. I have noticed that I will suddenly feel very sleepy at times, while I&#039;ve just been completely alert, which I see might be from the medication. Hopefully, with time it will relieve my symptoms for good!"
"Reasons for the 9/10:

1) Cramping/spotting for 4-6 mos. My 1st time on Mirena, no period for 4yrs! 6yrs later, &amp;6 days into 2nd Mirena I&#039;ve got typical cramps/3.5d menstruation.

2) It could fall out/re-position itself in the cervix, (down from uterus). 5mos after a copper/hormone-free IUD, I found out that this had happened to me and I switched back to Mirena.

Many people have had adverse effects from this med. incl. depression, anxiety, mood swings, constant spotting, painful cramps+.

Having 5 years of experience on this med., then switching to a copper IUD for 5mos, I can say that Mirena has HELPED my depression/anxiety.  Every body is different. Plus I&#039;m not going to get pregnant! So, all in all, I&#039;d recommend this to anyone."
"I am taking 2mg three times a day for anxiety. The anxiety is much better now and I can go places without having panic attacks. I feel the best I have felt in a long time."
"Honestly, if you want to experience PAIN then this is right for you. Yeah it prevents pregnancy and what not but the amount of pain you experience in your uterus is totally not worth it! I am 20 years old and I&#039;ve never experienced this amount/type of pain. Its extremely harsh and it feels like needles piercing through you! I gained 4 pounds the first week and I&#039;m VEGAN! My breasts got bigger too and I&#039;m not complaining but the pain just isn&#039;t for me."
"After trying the pill and realizing that it wasn&#039;t for me, I decided to give Mirena a try. My experience with this method of birth control has been nearly perfect.

Here are my pros:
-I no longer have a period. As someone who used to suffer from crippling cramps and extremely heavy flow, this is a blessing. 
-I haven&#039;t had any symptoms that I experienced with the pill (weight gain, acne, mood swings, hair loss)
-Childless and proud

Cons:
-The day of the insertion, I was slightly crampy afterwards. However, I recovered quickly.

Overall, this is the best form of birth control. 10/10 - would highly recommend."
"Its very good medicine with some small manageable side effects.."
"Lodrane often works quickly and effectively in cases where other newer drugs seem not to help"
"I feel the need to write a review of this medication as I am currently experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms from missing one dose. There was a mix up with a new insurance company and I unfortunately had to miss yesterdays dose. I have never felt this way after missing one dose of a medication and I have taken several different antidepressants over the last 10 years. I have the sweats, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and I have been crying uncontrollably all day. I did have benefits from taking this medication for the past three years but I worry about continuing to take it any longer."
"Gave me my life back. The first thing I take in the morning and the last thing I take in the evening."
"I&#039;d give 10 stars, but after 5 yrs on this med I feel as I&#039;m becoming dependent and immune at the same time. I take 400mg/daily and if I miss a dose by1 hr I get a horrible headache. Meanwhile for the past yr I feel as if I need to bump up the doses.  My psychiatrist said that 400mg is a very high dose and she&#039;s not comfortable exceeding. I take the dissolving tablets, which I found is a slow release and I&#039;m able to get thru my day more easily.  Also, because this is a brand name, is very hard to find it in stock! 
I definitely would recommend this drug, after trying numerous, this was the one that controlled my mood swings without side effects."
"Beware, this medicine causes agitation in a lot of people. The feeling is indescribable, though some have told me it  like withdrawals.  Awful stuff.  Felt like my skin was crawling.  Just awful."
"I have been using the patch for about a week now and it has been very effective. I do have to use sports tape to keep the patch in place but other than that it works. I suffer from fibromyalgia and it relieves my pain."
"I been taking different types of strong pain medicines for years, due to a bad neck injury. In October, my doctor put me on this, I had no side effects, and feel like myself again. Since 1997, I also was taking antidepressants and muscle relaxers. I am off all that now. I take one 80mg a day, which I am going to start dropping dosage, as the weather warms to see how I feel."
"So far am on 125mg x 2 a day and have found topiramate to be rather effective. Experience a little grogginess, tingling in fingers and toes, and have lost just over 2 stone from 12 st 6 to 10 st 3lb ish. Can up my dose one more time to 150mg x 2 per day if start having recurring migraines again and then going to have to look for alternative treatment..at the moment suffering from around 4-5 migraines per month from 3-4 per week."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for almost two years (took hyoscyamine for several years before that) and it really makes a big difference with my irritable bowel syndrome. I really only need to take two pills each morning and that gets me through my day.  If my family eats out at a restaurant, I take two pills before leaving home.  I do experience a bit of dry mouth and my eyes also get dried out (not the best side effect, but not the worst, either!).  Overall, I highly recommend this medicine for those who suffer from IBS."
"Latuda is the first antipsychotic I&#039;ve taken, and I have to say it works. Yeah nausea sets in if you don&#039;t eat with it but it&#039;s been pretty fine. Started with 20 MG for the past 6 months, and auditory hallucinations diminished at least 90%. Anxiety about 60% which is why I&#039;m looking to up my dosage to 40mg along with upping my zoloft dosage to 100mg.But with any medicine there are side effects and diarrhea is an issue with this medication. So, with my uptake in dosage hopefully I&#039;ll be all the way me again."
"I got this put in at the beginning of Decemeber and I have been bleeding since I&#039;ve 2 days after I had it put in. Its very heavy with very heavy clotting and serious cramps. I would not recommend this BC to anyone."
"Very discouraged after taking 10 days of Sulfa and 2 weeks of Doxycycline that my family doctor prescribed.  Symptoms got better but never went away. Went to a Urologist and he said his first choice is definitely Cipro. Also said that Doxy is a &quot;static&quot; drug and WILL NOT kill the bacteria, it will only stop replication.  Cipro kills it. I&#039;ve also searched the web up and down for answers and almost all say it takes 4-6 weeks of taking a Cipro related drug.  Finishing up week 6 of Cipro and all my symptoms are GONE and feel normal again!  Going to take another week to be on the safe side. Give this time to work...it&#039;s not an overnight fix.  Frustrating, but true.  Also, no side effects either."
"Medicine works for me for about 4 hours. I was experiencing terrible rebound redness after that, however (which gets much worse when using Mirvaso multiple days in a row). What I&#039;ve found, similar to others on this list, is that by using a very small amount (about half of what&#039;s recommended) and applying it along with sunscreen or moisturizer, I&#039;ll get most of the benefit without the rebound.

The other thing that I do is frankly use it infrequently and try not to use it for more than 2 days in a row. So while I&#039;m not getting a constant benefit, it helps when I need it to for public events."
"After about a month and a half, with both psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis, I don&#039;t think Otezla has helped either condition for me.  Side effects have been minimal;  very mild diarrhea and some limited loose stools.  Joints seem the same to slightly worse, patches seem the same.  After the fight I had to put up for insurance approval,.....the results are a huge disappointment thus far.  Will continue to four months. This is my very first, non-topical, med."
"I had botox March 21st 2016..When i havent got a UTI it works a treat,since having it done i have had a UTI just about every other week..Its sad because it does make a massive difference...Awaiting water test results just getting over another UTI as i write..I have become immune to certain antibiotics ..Not sure if im gonna have it again"
"I had arthroscopic rotator cuff surgery Feb 25th 2013 and my surgeon prescribe me 10mg Vicodin 6 times per day.  After 4 weeks and &quot;wanting to get me off of narcotics&quot; he changed my prescription to 50mg Tramadol 4 times day.  Honestly I believe that I am now receiving 1/10 the relief from pain that the Vicodin were providing. "
"I have suffered with migraines for 20 years &amp; without Zomig I would have missed out on many things in life. 
There are side effects such as spaced out feeling, dry mouth, increased urine which only last few hours after taking medication. 
But would rather have minor side effects &amp; live my life without always being in pain."
"I&#039;m prescribed methadone and it makes me very constipated. Miralax is the only medicine that works for me. I have tried everything. MiraLax is the best!!"
"I chose this as my first form of birth control when I was 16, I&#039;m now 20. While it was effective and efficient for me, my hormones were through the roof. I was very emotional and cried a lot. I would recommend this for someone who does okay on high dose birth control. I cried/begged for my doc to switch me to a low dose birth control and ended up on the pill. I&#039;m terrible at taking it but still no baby thankfully."
"Only medicine that relieved my very burning, painful eyes."
"I&#039;m still waiting to see if it&#039;s Celiac disease or inflammatory IBS-D. After 3 weeks of constant diarrhea, dehydration and trip to ER tons of blood work all negative &amp; stool sampes all negative and 16lb weight loss I got in with a GI doctor.  I&#039;m waiting back for my inflammatory test &amp; celiac disease test but in the mean time my GI doctor put me on bentyl 20mg up to 4 a times day to help with the diarrhea  which is the cause of the weightloss in only 3 weeks. It&#039;s worked wonders so far haven&#039;t had any diarrhea. I&#039;ve only been on it 48hrs now. The only side effect I have noticed sometimes it makes my heart race a little for an hour. I have a follow-up with my GI in 3 weeks &amp; hoping to come off of it and be back to eating normal, he thinks I had a viral that caused inflammatory IBS-D"
"I have degenerated discs and my knees are degenerating. This med allowed me to work and have a normal life"
"I turned into a total zombie on this.  Literally could not get out of bed!  Doctors throw this at you when you first get diagnosed with Fibromyalgia. "
"This pill worked great for the first nine months. But now I feel tired and emotional during the week I&#039;m supposed to be bleeding. I never get my period anymore which is fine. The reason this pill works so well is because you never want to have sex. I&#039;m sure its almost 100 percent effective."
"I do not recommend this type of birth control unless you want to have 4 week periods and counting. Everybodys body is different but the side effects suck.I had mine inserted November 2015 three days after giving birth. I bled for 8 weeks after delivery then it stopped for the 26 days and now I&#039;ve been bleeding since January 26th and it is February 18th now with no signs of it stopping soon it is very heavy and I made an appointment for the 22nd and I&#039;m getting it removed. They are right about not getting pregnant on it because your bleeding damn near the whole time and your sex drive is out of whack along with mood swings from not getting any lol"
"I was once on the ORTHO EVRA patch which was a dream option for me.
This med they call Xulane gives me a HORRIBLE, I mean H O R R I B L E rash, presumably from the adhesive. When you scratch from the uncontrollable itch, you risk micro lacerations that this glue enters your skin and then suddenly the rash turns into a full-blown allergic reaction that is unbearably burning, itching, and even aching. Yes, ACHING. Return the ORTHO EVRA PATCH ASAP!"
"I&#039;ve had it since January of this year. I love it. I&#039;ve only spotted once. The only thing I don&#039;t like is that I gained 10lbs. Other than that, it&#039;s convenient for my busy life."
"Weight gain, lethargic 300 dosage at bed time, any more you&#039;ll have heads turning in public. Reclusion is a major problem do to zombie affects, messed up part is my roommates had to tell me cuz I didn&#039;t even notice. I have not been able to get a job. I tried college and it didn&#039;t work. My short term memory is short, can&#039;t even remember what I ate for dinner three days ago. I do sleep though. All you can do is push on and forget gl"
"My internist has been trying me on various diabetes medications, alone and in combination, over the past 12 plus years to lower my blood sugar levels. For a long time the situation was ultimately with a combination of Januvia 100mg, Glimipiride twice per day, and Metformin 2 500mg tablets twice per day.  Initially the combination gave me diarrhea but I also discovered I was lactose intolerant and eventually the problem went away. But gradually within the past few years my 1AC levels slowly started climbing, at one point to 7.8. About 6 months ago he added Trulicity.5 mg ramped up to 1.5mg. Did not improve blood sugar. Did lower weight.Stopped Trulicity. Just started Invokana. Scared of the risks. Am dehydrated and have yeast infection."
"Excellent drug for motion sickness. However, if you take it for a long period of time and then stop taking it, you will be nauseous for at least a week. "
"The medicine caused me to have Burning Mouth Syndrome. "
"I work 7 days a week, 10-14 hours a day doing hard labor. my friend gave me a 100mg pill from citra (I think) one day and within 15 minutes all the pain was gone and I felt like my mood was increased x10. I worked harder than I usually do without one and had a very fast pace. I take one in the morning when I know it&#039;s gonna be a rough day and it helps me out through the whole day, if I notice I really need another one (which is rarely) I&#039;ll take half and feel better. I stop for a week or two to not build a big tolerance and haven&#039;t felt any negative side affects or having the need to want to just go pop some. The only noticeable side affect which didn&#039;t mind much was that my breathing was slightly off, not too much; most pills cause it."
"I took prazosin the first night and wow, what a difference. I haven&#039;t woke up so clear headed in years. Great sleep, no nightmares. Prazosin works wonderfully."
"Just used Viagra 50mg tablet for the first time. I&#039;m 43 and during sex my erection can soften. Results were amazing, hard erection all night and in the morning, wife and I very happy, had slight flu like symptoms later on. No headache and nothing serious. Would recommend and advise to buy branded tablets. I took Pfizer."
"I was very nervous about trying Implanon after reading all the negative reviews, but went ahead with it anyway.  The procedure was quick and practically painless.  The spot was tender for a few days and I did have an ugly bruise and now a tiny scar, but nothing that is too terrible.
I started Implanon while I was on my period, which lasted for about 21/2 weeks, give or take.  But the bleeding was minimal and it wasn&#039;t too bad.  Then after that period ended, nothing.  I haven&#039;t had a period since I had the device inserted in December of 09.  I haven&#039;t noticed any weight gain or unusual moodiness. This has been the best birth control I&#039;ve ever been on.  My advice, give it a chance.  Don&#039;t let the negative reviews scare you away!"
"I&#039;m just coming to the end of my fourth month on this medicine and it&#039;s worked a dream!! Before having this I cried every morning not wanting to go to school and every night before I went to sleep, I tried every single facial wash and tablet there was (prescribed and over the counter)
Since being on the medicine my life has turned around I&#039;m not afraid to take photos with family and friends and I only use light make up I&#039;m not afraid to go out!
I did have some side effects such as, sickness, depression, nose bleeds, joint pain, dry skin &amp; chapped lips however the doctor dropped the dosage and now I&#039;m back to my normal self!

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"
"I am a long time sufferer from depression and anxiety and adhd and ptsd....well you name it I have been diagnosed it. I recently...like right now tried to get off celexa....head hurts so bad i cannot stand up. Been awful. Its been 3 days and i am throwing in the towel and going to go pick it up at pharmacy. Yes it works on depression and a tad for anger but I still do have episodes of anger and depression which at times I wonder are worse than before. The thing is i guess you never do know unless someone monitors you before and after. Honestly i think excercise and healthy eating would have worked just as well. I can definitley say it makes you more tired. I can say this..DONT TAKE THIS MEDICATION UNLESS YOUR SERIOUSLY IN NEED."
"I was trying to find other pain relievers other than hydrocodone. I tried this for my lower back pain. It was like I hadn&#039;t taken anything."
"I tried for 2 yrs after a major life change to get my life back.    All the snri&#039;s and ssri&#039;s gave me the worst side effects and I became more depressed dizzy migraines and suicidal.    This wasnt me and every doctor wrote me off as being a bad patient.     I was ready to throw in the towel and tried a low dose of wellbutrin and OMG.   2 months later I was completely myself and 6 mos later im medication free.    Dont give up keep trying.   I thought my life was over and was a difficult patient.   Dont let message boards or doctors rule your life.   If something isnt working dont stay on it!"
"I&#039;ve found that for my sleep problems after trying many and all sleep aids this has had the least amount of side effects and I wake up felling great, not sluggish or with a hangover sensation. 10mg dose has worked wonders with my racing thoughts keeping me awake and to provide a relaxed feeling for a great night&#039;s sleep."
"I have been suffering moderate acne all my life that has left me with some scars. I tried over the counter products such as benzac, epi duo, yet nothing worked so I went to see my doctor and they prescribed me doxycycline (50mg) and within the first 3 days of using the medicine combined with epi duo cream about 50% of my face has already cleared up."
"I have been on Cymbalta for almost 5 years after a very difficult 4 years of PND/PSTD. Other medications got me to a point of about 50 percent improvement. This was far from ideal/adequate. Cymbalta worked for me like no other antidepressant. My anxiety reduced to the point where I can function at a pretty high level. I still have bouts of anxiety and occasional dark moods but they pass and even now are fewer and further between. I have tried to come off of it a few times but at 30mg the cogs begin to turn faster and I can feel my anxiety levels significantly increasing. I am concerned that my emotions are a bit blunted and like someone else said, I cannot cry, which I miss. I used to like a good, therapeutic cry. I also have no sex drive."
"Over half of my life has been spent in chronic pain. I had 2disks fused and a pinched nerve fixed 20yrs ago. I&#039;ve had a pain pump and been put on everything you can imagine. I can promise you guys something,nothing is good as methadone to help pain,imo. I&#039;ve been on it for 16yrs now.it is hard to get used to tho.you will get very drowsy in the beginning. I can tell you it&#039;s hard to perform a number 2 in the bathroom also. I would recommend stool softeners if you take methadone for that. I got caught in btwn dr.s once and the withdrawal is hellish.no joking on that. Ive seen heroin addicts say it was worse. I thank God and my dr. I get to take my lyrica and methadone for my pain."
"I&#039;ve had really bad migraines since I was 30 (now 53).  I tried everything!  Last medication I was on was Fioricet.  It worked most times but not all the time.  I also had to lay down when I took it.  I have missed so many great events over the years due to migraines.  I heard about Maxalt and asked my doctor to prescribe it.  My quality of life is amazing.  My migraine is gone within 30 minutes every time.  I don&#039;t have to lay down with it either."
"So far I am very pleased with my results from taking Bydureon for some 4 months.  I have lost 8 kgs and my Hba1C has gone from 8.9 to 7.   I have lumps but they do gradually go after a period of time, have had some bruising also.   My main concern is the nausea which I still experience spasmodically and absolute lack of appetite.  Certain foods I only have to look at and it is a real turn off.   But I will put up with all the above as I have finally lost some weight by eating minute amounts 6 times a day and my Blood Sugars are the lowest they have been for approximately 3 years and it is so rewarding to hear friends say &quot;you have lost weight, you look great&quot;"
"I took one day of medicine. Next day had a full blown sinus/ upper respiratory irritation. Headache, fever, the whole nine yards. 5 days later I am still fighting the effects of a cold/infection. I have been taking Arava for 18 months and have not had one infection. Only reason I tried this is because the Gastrointestinal problems with Arava are bothersome. There are new biologics heading to the market that based on the first 2 phases are safer and more effective than all these that are currently on the market. I will wait for the new ones."
"Been on this medicine for 2 weeks now and definitely starting to feel less anxious and I&#039;m not making a mountain out of a molehill anymore!! Also not as afraid in social situations and ocd that someone will break in my house and kidnap me and my kids is gone and I can actually sleep at night now. I hope this continues because living in constant fear is no way to live!"
"I&#039;ve been a functioning alcoholic for 15 years and started this drug a few weeks ago. So far, combined with venlafaxine 75 and mirtazapine 30, I feel quite good and hopeful for the future. Alcohol craving is virtually zero currently. I would love, if anyone comes back to this thread after a previous review, to follow up on how they are now, vs how they were when they first started taking it. For me personally, it seems to be working, but I am very curious about the so called placebo effect. Any thoughts?"
"While this stuff works to kill the infection, it is hard to keep down. I throw up every few hours on this drug. I feel queasy right now and I took cipro almost 8 hours ago."
"So far I&#039;ve had my period about tow weeks straight and had unbearable mood swings and have felt very depressed. I&#039;m hoping things get better..."
"This drug is terrible. I was actually prescribed Junel (which I have taken previously with no problems), but my pharmacy doesn&#039;t carry that brand anymore, so they gave me Gildess instead.  It&#039;s the same thing, right? WRONG. 

I&#039;ve been on Gildess for 2.5 weeks now and I have never felt so consistently terrible in my entire life.  I take the pill at night on a full stomach.  I wake up in the morning with moderate nausea that lasts until well after lunchtime.  I have headaches and abdominal cramping and gas ... oh the gas.  By mid-afternoon my stomach is so full of air I look pregnant.  I&#039;m anxious, irritable, and on-edge all the time.  

It&#039;s literally the worst."
"I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for fibro pain for about two months.  For me, it&#039;s working well.  I have no side-effects, and it&#039;s made me feel like I&#039;ve only been hit by a compact car instead of a mack truck!  lol!"
"I&#039;m currently taking Prozac (Fluoxetine) for severe generalised anxiety disorder, social anxiety and panic attacks.  I only take 20mg a day and even though the first month left me with horrendous nausea and weight loss it subsided after about 25 days and now I find that my appetite as a whole has decreased slightly but the nausea has now subsided.

My anxiety has improved so much to the point that I&#039;m actually leaving the house for activities other than work and I&#039;m having conversations with people I&#039;d usually ignore because I&#039;d feel so self conscious. I&#039;ve actually had people (that don&#039;t know I suffer from anxiety or that I&#039;m taking Prozac (fluoxetine)) comment on how well I look recently and how happy I appear within myself."
"I have taken this medicine along with Toprol-XL for a few years and it has helped A LOT! I think this medicine paired with Toprol-XL is great!"
"The only thing that has helped my pain."
"I have never posted a review for any product, but seeing reviews for this birth control was such an eye opener that I had to! I am 22 and I have been on lolo for about a year. My entire life I maybe got 5 tiny pimples. The first few months of being on this pill I didn&#039;t notice any changes. However, each month after that my acne kept getting worse and worse. I did not realize it was from this pill until I started reading reviews and looking and pictures and matching to the time I started this birth control. My acne has gotten so bad that there are times I will not even leave the house.  The day I saw these reviews I threw all of my pills in the garbage. It has been a month and I am still fighting the acne. STAY AWAY!"
"Insertion was actually more painful than I expected. My doctor prescribed a pill for me to insert 12 hours prior to my appointment, which was supposed to &quot;numb&quot; the area in a way. Still, I had a lot of pain when my cervix was first clamped down on. A quick shot took this away in no time and shortly after, it was all done! I could even drive myself home with no issues. Such an easy process. I didn&#039;t have a bad recovery period for the next few days. The cramping wasn&#039;t bad. Then, I didn&#039;t have a period for the next two months. The main difference I&#039;m noticing is that I get cramps all month long now. And, during my actual period, the cramps are far more severe than they ever were before. Regardless, I think this is far preferable than pills!"
"Hi , I&#039;m still waiting for this drug to really kick in, had infusions September 2015, not yet as well as I was on Embrel, but had to change due to new rheumo team. Not impressed really- lots of infections, got to the point of wheelchair use in December, previous to Sept never required a stick, Very slowly starting to regain life- possibly am near 40% of the real me. I&#039;m not at work, not driving, am worried for my job, It&#039;s been 19 weeks since the treatment and I want my life back."
"I&#039;m a 39 year old white male, 6&#039;2 201 pounds, diagnosed with chronic Hep C For 6 years at least. I started zepatier four weeks ago, just got my first blood work done yesterday and got the results today... the virus is already undetectable! No side effects at all... I have 8 more weeks to go of the medication, one tablet every morning... good luck with your treatment. If you haven&#039;t got into some form of treatment, I highly suggest it. You&#039;ll be glad you did. If you are an addict, I suggest stopping in order to get treated.. even if you smoke weed, I suggest stopping.. I had a friend who was turned down for the treatment because he had weed in his system! They will not treat you if you have anything in your system. life is too precious!"
"It&#039;s helped my blood pressure greatly (at times I went to the ER with it above 180) and I am under 35 years. 

The only problem is that it caused a lot of mid-section weight gain. The doctor said this was normal. But, with a history of an eating disorder, the rapid gain in this section can be emotionally trying (I now eat a healthy diet and exercise yet the weight still came on). I am also very fatigued throughout the day. Doctor says sometimes that may lesson with taking them (on them for 6 months). But, with a child and work and all else this kind of fatigue is hard to deal with.
GREAT for it&#039;s purpose, but side effects could be to much for some."
"I have MS and was having terrible spasms at night. Since taking this medicine I feel much better."
"I am 37 years old and was finally diagnosed with Adult ADHD almost 2 years ago so I was put on 20 mg Adderal XR and it worked great. But I did start to notice that I would get pretty irritable on it mostly when it was wearing off. So I wanted to try a different medication to see if there was one I wasn&#039;t so grumpy on. So I started Metadate CD and I was not irritable on that one at all :) But it seemed to wear off within 4 hours and made me soo tired. So now I am on Aptensio and it has been pretty good so far I have only been on it for about a week and it really does last a long time and I am able to stay focused. I don&#039;t feel a crash like Adderal. I would just recommend taking it early in the morning so it can wear off before you go to bed."
"It seemed to help me get over my bronchitis within a week, with other drugs of course."
"I&#039;ve had sleep issues my whole life and had just sort of dealt with it.  I finally spoke with a Dr. about it and was prescribed Lunesta.  Over a couple of weeks, taking it ~3 nights a week, I was sleeping better for the most part. Then, my emotions started going haywire.  I was quick to anger and feeling paranoid.  I was convinced my wife was having an affair (she wasn&#039;t) and had multiple outbursts.  I have never been on any sort of medication for a period of time, so I didn&#039;t think to blame the Lunesta.  I stopped taking it and the crazy emotions have stopped."
"I am on my first month of taking this birth control. As many others, I was taking Ortho tri cyclen for 5+ years and stopped when I wanted to see if it was affecting me mentally (anxiety, mood swings etc.) and now my insurance doesn&#039;t accept it so this was the next best thing. I was nauseous the first 2 weeks and a couple days it was absolutely miserable! My breasts have grown and my boobs hurt constantly! I was getting bad acne before taking the bc and now my face has definitely cleared. I will stick out the nausea and breast pain and continue on month two, but if it continues, it is not the right birth control for me!"
"I had been addicted to opiates for almost 3 years until I went into a detox center where they put me on Suboxone for 7 days. Of course when I was on it I felt great; but it has been over a week since I&#039;ve stopped and I still feel terrible. There were actually 3 people in the facility that were trying to get off Suboxone, because they had been on it for so long. I know you people all feel its a miracle drug, but eventually you will have to stop taking it and hopefully weening off of it goes smoother for you. I&#039;ve heard you don&#039;t want to take it for that long because its hard to come off. I do wish everyone the best of luck."
"I had the mirena for 3 1/2 years.. 1 year in I began having pains in my left hip. I couldn&#039;t locate exactly where the pain was as it was internal and moved. I began to get aches and pain and gain weight although I was still doing my usual routine. I thought the aches and pains where due to weight gain. Then I researched a bit.. My goodness I had all the symptoms I was reading about and had spent $1000&#039;s of dollars at physiotherapist, podiatrists, nutritionists had numerous X-Ray&#039;s and ultrasounds I had even tried reiki acupuncture and lots of alternative therapies. The moment it was removed the pain disapated in my hip and by the end of day 1 after removal 40% of the pain in my whole body was gone. Day 2 I could bend my knee to put socks on"
"I was on implanon for 3 years and then got Nexplanon inserted 2.5 years ago (they are really the same thing just a different brand)

When I first had implanon, I gained 50 lbs in two months having not changed my eating habits at all, started working out like a maniac and couldn&#039;t get rid of any weight. The first three months I was incredibly emotional and depressed, that seemed to mellow down. I developed panic attacks which resolved (mostly) after 6 months. I did not have my period once (yay)
Got my implanon switched out for nexplanon as implanon was expiring. Gained another 50 lbs in 2 months that won&#039;t budge. Emotions all over the place but I was more prepared for it. 
Getting it removed early to give my body a break and to lose weight."
"I have no real side effects the only one I can think of is weight gain. I gained about 6 lbs but not even in the beginning it was about 3 months in. I can&#039;t seem to lose those 6lbs but oh well."
"I am a recovering heroin addict, sober now for 4 months, and had I been prepared or well informed on this whole situation I may have waited. Anyways, I am 23, never had kids, 1 abortion...and a failed pregnancy. 
Anyways. This was all my mom&#039;s idea, never really used bc pills because hormones made me nuts, the pain of the insertion was unbearable for me, and the ride home I felt I was going to vomit.
The pain is uncomfortable, I have not experienced menstrual cramps since maybe 5th grade. Not only that, my periods were always ridiculously irregular and for a good year I never even had a period. I am sweaty, cramping, and dizzy. I am hoping this will all be over soon, ibuprofen and Tylenol I don&#039;t believe ever works. Just got today."
"I felt my body go through a shock and I felt a few side effects which I freaked but it disappear immediately.   My advice drink at least 16 ounces of water with your pills and make sure you eat something ...the color of stool changed to a dark metallic color - but I feel better. The medicine is working."
"Rozerem has been a life saver. I have had many sleepless nights before this medicine and now I can function and go back to work, it has been great."
"I started with this medicine at age 11, I took it for 6 years on and off always having to up the dosage. The side effects I experienced were dizziness, drowsiness, and lack of energy. It would mellow my ticks (eyes, body, and low vocal noises) down to a tolerable level, but if I continuously took it day to day for months it would seem to stop working as well. Now I don&#039;t take anything (21 now) but natural high magnesium doses a few times a week and  it mellows me out just as well. Doesn&#039;t stop my tics completely but doesn&#039;t bother me. I don&#039;t recommend for people attending school or working in a quiet environment."
"I use Zarah for my acne cause I have bad acne I started 2 months ago and it cleared my acne up it&#039;s just that now I have a few breakouts now and then and some scars from before. I think this product is really helpful for acne, it works on some people like me and people are not the same so it might or might not work for you."
"I was given this for UTI and Sinusitis at the same time!  After 2 doses I felt a little relief but woke up in the middle of the night itching on the palms of my hands, bottoms of my feet and knees and elbows!  My hands were also swelling after the 4 th dose so I quit taking it.  Still had the infection and pain after 4 doses!"
"I&#039;m 22 and got Skyla inserted in March 2015. Upon insertion I experienced cramps, my hands tingled, and I felt like I was going to vomit. But that all lasted for about 15 seconds. When I got home I felt extremely sick; I was nauseous, cramping bad, and had moderate bleeding. The bleeding and spotting lasted for about 2 weeks then stopped. I have not had any periods just spotting here and there. I did have a bacteria infection got prescribed some meds and it went away. I&#039;ve now been experiencing severe cramps and bleeding after intercourse. Appointment for an ultrasound to make sure it is in the right place so we will see. I haven&#039;t had a pregnancy scare so I guess it is doing its job."
"I&#039;ve been taking 100 milligrams of propranolol for 1 year now and it has reduced the number of migraines significantly.  I still take Imitrex when I do get a migraine but not as often. Propranolol does however cause impotence. I have seen the number of comments regarding weight gain but I actually started taking Cymbalta at the same time and lost 30 pounds so I have no comment on that issue."
"My tremors in my right hand were getting so bad I could hardly write my name. Stress would make the tremors even worse. Within 1 day of starting 80mg Propranolol the tremors had disappeared. It has been a huge benefit to my quality of life. I have been taking it daily for 6 months now and the tremors are now very minor in the worst case such as extreme stress."
"I was given this medicine at 750 mg 4 times a day for spasms associated with spinal stenosis (narrowing of spinal cord causing major nerve pain and muscle spasms). These worked great along with Ultram! After lumber decompressive back surgery I came home from the hospital 48 hours after surgery taking only Robaxin and Ultram for the pain and could keep my pain level consistently under a 4! I had sleepy side effects for the first 2 days but was mild. I have colitis and gastritis and this medicine did not upset my stomach or cause any other side effects for me."
"Elmiron - been on it for 9 months, 3 100 mg capsules a day.  It has helped with IC.  However, it has caused headaches.  It also seems to interact with my SNRI, and both have caused an increase in ringing in my ears.  Has anyone else had that?"
"As an anxious first-timer who scoured the web for answers to my many concerns, I found this thread most helpful. So, here are my two-cents.

Suprep is very effective. Got a &quot;gold star&quot; from my GI for &quot;cleanliness&quot;.

With cold water, a straw and a green apple Jolly Rancher chaser between sips, the taste was not as bad as I thought it would be. (It&#039;s definitely not good!) First dose (6 pm) went down in 4-5 sips. Second dose (2:30 am) took more time and patience, like 25 much smaller sips to avoid gagging. (Not sure why the difference.)

Followed instructions to the letter. Only got an hour or so of sleep overnight, so I rather enjoyed my &quot;nap&quot; during the procedure. Very relieved to know all is well, and all my worry was for nothing.

Hope this helps."
"Ketoprofen 75 mg is the only medicine I could find that would stop the swelling and pain in my hands, elbows and back. I have taken this medicine now for two years. Now I only take it when I get a flair up, only about once every couple weeks. I can now play golf and do things like I did in my younger days. At 62 I recommend you try it. I think you might like it, I have no side effects from it."
"My Hemorroids are gone! Thank you!"
"Just came from the doctor after &quot;weening myself&quot; to 75 mg of Effexor. Bad move, doctor put me back to 150mg. Doctor put me on Buspar with my Effexor. FANTASTIC. Haven&#039;t felt this good in years, but I felt so good I thought I could get off the Effexor. Lesson here, if you feel better, don&#039;t stop taking your medicines, it&#039;s working. Ask your doctor about taking Buspar with the Effexor. I have never felt better. No more racing thoughts, etc. Now, just waiting for Effexor to work it&#039;s way back into my system. As for coupling it with the Buspar - RIGHT ON THE MONEY."
"I use Nasonex because my allergies trigger migraines. I spray the Nasonex when I feel a migraine coming on because of the sinus pressure and it works within 10 minutes. A real life saver!"
"54 yr, peri-menopause experiencing bleeding for 6 weeks.  Was given 10 days 10mg provera.  Never stopped bleeding, now it&#039;s Day 10.  Now bloated, gained weight, ovaries have twinges of pain, menstrual cramps.."
"I had my Mirena inserted 10 weeks postpartum and it has been wonderful! I felt mild cramping during insertion but I haven&#039;t felt a thing since. I took an Ibuprofen before hand just in case it was going to be bothersome. My husband says he can not feel the string. I have not had a period (it has been 4 months), but I am also still breastfeeding. I love not having to remember to take the pill. I highly recommend. There were no crazy side effects here."
"Only drug that will bring down my blood pressure.  I am on additional medication &amp; none work as well as this one.  Have tried the similar drugs &amp; had many side effects and would have to switch back each time."
"I have had allergies for months. The drainage caused me to develop a severe case of bronchitis which triggered my asthma to be worse than ever before. Nothing was working for my cough which was keeping me awake night after night. Sleeping sitting up on the couch for 30 min at a time... Doc at ER gave me 2 Tessalon. Cough stopped almost immediately. First night of sleep I have had in weeks. Thank heavens she wrote me a prescription. Now I am looking forward to my second night cough free. Thank God for small miracles."
"My daughter started taking this several months ago.  Her mood swings and depression are horrendous.  The ones around her see her emotional deterioration since starting this birth control pill.  We are hoping she listens to those close to her and stops taking it."
"Worked great for two weeks took samples but too expensive."
"I actually love this brand. I used to have regular breakouts around my period, heavy periods with bad cramping, and was really prone to ovarian cysts...blisovi completely cleared up my acne, my cramps are pretty much non exsistent, and haven&#039;t had ANY pain/ recent cysts. I do feel a little shaky and on edge sometimes, but nothing too serious. I&#039;ve also maintained the same weight I started them on. 
To each their own."
"I started taking this in March 2014 until the end of 2015. I lost over 40 pounds but I was more so impressed with the inches I lost. I just had a baby in November 2016 and I started taking it again for a month now. I have lost about 5 pounds but ready to move on to something else."
"I began having vascular migraines in the  70s and nothing worked until I was prescribed midrin.  My rating is for the current midrin formula as it doesn&#039;t seem to work as well as it did back in the day when I was first prescribed it... back then it far surpassed 10!  It is still an effective migraine drug with less side effects than some other drugs that I was prescribed when midrin was unavailable.  It works quickly and, unless it is a really bad migraine, basically allows me to still be able to function once the headache subsides. 

Currently, my Medicare drug plan doesn&#039;t cover it and it is expensive--- over $3.00 a capsule, unless you can find a coupon.   Last time it was filled I had a coupon and paid $1.12 a capsule."
"I started taking topiramate for my severe headaches and migraines, and it was very effective in that way. 
My only complaint is the DRASTIC weight loss. I went from 125 pounds to 98 pounds and I looked awful! I became pregnant with my second child and went off the medication, and I experienced extreme panic and a feeling I can only describe as a &ldquo;pre-seizure&rdquo; feeling which made me spiral into panic attacks. I gained 50 pounds during my pregnancy and after having my child, went back on topiramate. Not long after, I was down to 98 pounds again. No thank you!! I am now off the medication and a healthy 120 pounds again. I can&rsquo;t say that it wasn&rsquo;t extremely effective, however."
"I stared on medication in the middle of my divorce and I stared to take Abilify then, I stopped since it was not covered by my insurance  anymore. I took Risperdal which messed up with my hormones and I had my prolactin levels super high they found a pituitary tumor in my brain ( adenoma) well I had to go for another type of treatment for that. Then, I took quitapine for sleeping I was not able to sleep for very long time Quitapine helped me to sleep but make me gain weight , hallucinations, and bad drugs for eyes. I stared on Lamotrogine since I started to take 
 this everything was fine but after a while passing a year I notice some changes like red rash on my skin they were over my butts and my arms. I gained some weight and loosing my hair."
"I started with 1/2 mg daily then 2x then 1mg 2x. Too much for me. I did not like the feeling. So I have tapered off back to 1/2mg in the morning. So far craving minimal.  28 days so far. I am happy to be free of nicotine."
"I have been on this medication for over 15 years. I can tell you that this is the absolute best medication for panic attacks, the problem is that I never had any panic attacks until I quit taking the pill after a year of use. I was prescribed this when I was 18 after being hospitalized as the result of several traumatic events. I started on 32 mg and eventually was bumped up to 150mg and then 225 mg. I weened off and survived the withdrawals and felt amazing seriously felt like the best moment of my life but about a year after I stopped taking it, the depression came back twice as bad. "
"MUCH BETTER than Adderall, Vyvanse, or Dexedrine, or Ritalin.  IT is more effective for performing my scores on tests and learning.  It is better for the social anxiety component of ADHD. It is neurotoxic so you may not want to stay on it for the entire year, however, IT DOES have medical value at low doses if used by RESPONSIBLE users for several months out of the year. IT IS very effective for controlling treatment resistant depression and appetite problems as well. However, appetite would return to baseline when stopping Desoxyn.  I think this medicine should be strictly controlled, but should be available to patients who could truly benefit from it.  It has helped me get through a very difficult year, but my doctor took me off it. "
"I&#039;ve been on the &#039;mini pill&#039; for a few years now. I&#039;m close to 35 and I smoke so my Gyno doesn&#039;t want me on the combination pill. I have had zero bad effects from this pill, I&#039;m a sexually active female and have never had any problems with pregnancy while on this pill. Heres the KEY, ladies - let me put it in caps so everyone can follow along - YOU HAVE TO TAKE THIS PILL AT THE SAME TIME EVERY SINGLE DAY, if you don&#039;t you will get the break through bleeding that can happen to some girls who just pop it whenever they remember - and possibly get pregnant since you&#039;re not keeping the needed level of hormones in your body to prevent pregnancy. This pill is safe and it&#039;s effective in preventing pregnancy providing you take it daily at the same time."
"For the first few months, I experienced some diarrhea. Then this condition subsided.

For about a year, I experienced tingling in my hands and feet. Now, after about 15 months, this feeling is almost gone.

Lymphoma had been found in my small intestine. After 15 months of imbruvica use, I have gained weight to a healthy level"
"Update from 8/26/13
My 16 yr old has been on spironolactone for under 3 months. Bye- bye concealer and make up. Skin is now clear on face and having to wear make up is now an option verses a must. THANK GOD self esteem is back. She went off pill she had side effects. So far side effects from spironolactone are small. She is more tired than usual. Also has 2 periods a month.  Dr said it should stabilize in next few months.  Her skin is truly clear. Not just sort of but clear. Let it work and be patient.  Can take 4 to 6 months to work."
"Had high blood pressure and felt really scattered, hard 2 focus, couldn&#039;t meditate, anxiety, when trying 2 go 2 sleep @ night, heart would beat really fast then skip a beat or two a few times, then would slow down, but heart rate was higher than it is now that I&#039;m on clonidine. It has helped me to focus to calm down to meditate, just altogether my energy is much more positive and upbeat and happy. Everyone is different and responds differently to medication, but .1 mg of clonidine has for me made such a huge difference in my physiological and mental health it seems like a miracle drug to me. Thank God my Dr put me on it."
"I started taking Tamiflu yesterday. I&#039;ve had the classic symptoms of the flu: body aches, fever, sweats, congestion, runny nose, sneezing, nausea, headache, dizziness,exhaustion, etc. I was prescribed Tamiflu to take. After 24 hours, I feel a lot better than I did yesterday. It has lesson the symptoms dramatically: no fever, few body aches, no dizziness, less congestion, no sneezing, and very little nausea. I would highly suggest people to take Tamiflu with food. I took it with a banana and apple sauce. Like many others, I was worried about the side effects, but I was already nauseated to begin with. It actually helped my nausea subside so that I was able to eat a bowl of chicken noodle soup. The only downside is that it is expensive."
"I have been on a laundry list of other medications for major depressive disorder, Viibryd is the first one that has worked and actually saved me from myself! The only side effect I have every day is nausea, but I can deal with that because I finally feel normal and am able to cope with my depression, anxiety and anger."
"Made my anxiety even worse, was unable to make it past a couple weeks."
"Maxalt is truly one of the most amazing migraine medications I have ever tried, and believe me, having migraines as a child and now at 52 years of age, there have been many.  As a migrainer, we truly know what suffering is.  Maxalt is the best, although, after losing my job 18 months ago and with no success of getting another, it is too expensive.  From my understanding the patent expires in 2012.  I truly hope the price goes down for those of us who cannot be without it."
"It really did help with my nightmares. (And lowered my blood pressure haha). I used to has nightmares almost every night and I have only had 3 on the 7 months I&#039;ve been on it. My boyfriend thinks this is the best medicine ever created because now we can sleep peacefully. Didn&#039;t really help me fall asleep but didn&#039;t keep me awake either. And when I slept I would sleep though the night with no nightmares. Just really weird dreams."
"I&#039;m giving this a 5 because I&#039;m sure it is effective. I just want to warn people about how common esophagitis is with this medicine. My derm gave me this two weeks ago and I&#039;m feeling like death. I can barely swallow any liquids. I was only able to get a couple hundred calories yesterday. I felt like going to the ER but there really isn&#039;t much they can do for you. You just have to let it run its course. It may take two weeks to get back to normal. You don&#039;t appreciate being able to eat and drink and swallow until it hurts like one of the worse pains in my life to do so. Major chest pain. I can&#039;t express how awful this is to deal with."
"Used, on the advice of a walk-in clinic GP, after being poked in the eye by an Iris (type of flower) leaf to relieve a burning sensation &amp; blurry vision. Before prescribing he confirmed there were no scratches or other damage. Worked from the first drop. Despite the temporary burning sensation &amp; having to take it four times a day I will definitely use again, if needed."
"My insurance co would not fill a rx for oxycontin until I have tried opana &amp; a couple of others I&#039;ve never heard of. I was in a near fatal auto accident younger, I need a knee &amp; hip replacement, breast cancer at end of 2013 &amp; have had terrible time with infections, causing more surgeries.  I lay in bed usually 16 hrs a day (including sleep) because I hurt all over &amp; even more w/ house or yard chores . I&#039;m allergic to morphine, codeine, delaudid, Fentanyl, CT scan dye - I can take only Demerol after surgery. At home the only med that I am not allergic to is oxycontin &amp; ultram. I am now trying opana, because of my insurance company.  I&#039;m supposed to take 1 -20mg 2x/day. I am very disappointed. What little relief in gave me was only for about 2 hrs."
"Within a few days of starting this medicine, I became very aware of my heart beat and my heart seemed to be racing.  I attended a pre-operative assessment where I was given a routine ECG and this confirmed that I had become tachycardic while taking amlodipine.  My pulse was racing at over 100 BPM and my blood pressure actually went UP while I was taking this medicine.  I had to discontinue use to stop the adverse effects."
"August 8th 2017 tested positive.
Viral load 10,109 cd4 512
Started meds August 27th 2017
Retested September 28th 2017
And viral load is 49 and cd4 865
I had a few minor headaches and I now take my meds with or without food with no problems. I take my meds in the morning at my first break 10 am.
Thanks to this site I was nervous at first read all the reviews and they helped me and knowing what to expect. So thought I would return the favor."
"As the above suggests, my whole life I was a little terror. After going through a severe depression stage in my early teens and plummeting grades through high school (I always got the &quot;shes very smart but never does her homework), I am finally on the right track. This drug actually helps to control my anxiety and mood as well as accomplish the tasks at hand. For the first time I don&#039;t feel overwhelmed when I look at all the things I need to do."
"Miserable! I was tired. Weak, couldn&#039;t stand or walk. My lips were chapped, burning and the corners of my mouth were red and raw. Food and drink burned when swallowed ."
"Gets you over the hump in regard to asthma flare ups, and have had fewer Emergency Room episodes since getting this.  Taking it everyday is another story - it causes chestpain after about the 3rd consecutive day of use.  So I generally stop using after a couple days, and then if symptoms still persist will start up again after a day or two break from the drug.  When asthma is back under control I dont take the drug at all."
"Wife is on this now for her 4th week  (800mg ) she has Soft tissue in Right Lung after mets from uterus. Leiomyosarcoma. (sp)  A month ago she was coughing   every 2 minutes, now not so much but she is tired has nausea and the headaches.  No appetite and when she ate solid food it would always come back up.  Now  her food consists of  4- 6 smoothies a day.  Got a Vitamix  after  many  recommended  it  on other websites on the internet.  You fellow patient who have gone before her and have reported  your experiences are the &quot;only&quot; thing that have kept her pressing forward.  She has large tumor in chest and it is hope that this will hollow it out or something. Her first Chemo GEMS/Taxol only worked for 3 months . Then it started regrowing"
"For me Rituxan has been the best medicine yet. I have been through Enbrel and Humira which helped but began to lose their effectiveness after awhile."
"This medicine works. Nothing else does."
"Have been on Oxytrol for several years now and found it to work very well for me.  Now I find that none of the retailers, in my area of Texas, are carrying it any more.  Anyone know why?     To the question of whether or not did my insurance cover this drug, it is an OTC, no insurance required."
"Stay far away from this product.  It has been years since I&#039;ve had a YI and I decided to use it.  I wish I read the reviews prior to purchasing but I purchased the product due to brand name recognition.  What I&#039;ve found is that the cons far outweigh the pros.  Monistat should pull it off the shelves entirely.  I have tried showering to remove the excess cream and used a thin pad to keep dry. Nothing works and I will not use the additional cream that the product came with to prevent further reation. Many of the reviews state the symptoms got worse when the cream was applied.  I am hoping I can get into my GYN tomorrow to obtain medication that will counter act this disaster or at least give me much needed relief."
"I started using Paroxetine after I received what was the most traumatic news of my life, and it caused my anxiety to go into complete overload. I started having bad panic attacks and terrible anxiety. I also started suffering from really bad obsessive thoughts! My doctor put me on Paroxetine and I have been on it for about 4 weeks now, along with Xanax for short term use until the paroxetine really kicks in. Well I must say that I do feel ALOT better, but not as good as I did before all this started. I&#039;m being a little impatient? I&#039;m told that the Paroxetine takes at least 3-4 weeks before it really starts to work and as I said, it&#039;s only been 1 month since I started taking it. I just want the way I used to love life to come back!"
"Began taking this medicine when I was in pain for a strong UTI. This medicine has made me feel the worst I&#039;ve ever felt in my life. Constantly throwing up, extremely high fever (104), dizzy, confused, blurred vision, chills, insomnia, and the most painful back, ribs, neck, and leg pain. As well, it makes you urinate less frequently and that put together with not being able to hold down water, how is this supposed to make me &quot;better&quot;? I have never been one who is sensitive to medication but due to the amount of dehydration and pain I&#039;ve been caused I&#039;m currently sitting in a hospital hooked up to an IV. I wouldn&#039;t suggest this medication to anyone, ever."
"I was on mirapex for RLS for about 11 years.  At first it RLScgot much worse.  I had uncontrolled arm and leg movement when relaxed or sleeping.  I did not get sleep.  Finally went to a neurologist.  He started me on 300mg of Gabapentin and worked up to 1200mg at night and 300mg at morning and afternoon.  Then I started to reduce mirapex.  I went through severe withdrawal for 5 days and moderate for another 5 days.  I now can sleep and the uncontrolled movement is minimal.  My neurologist said that mirapex was the cause of my worsening condition"
"I was put on minocycline for my acne. About 2 weeks later, I woke up and could not move a bone or muscle in my body. I went to the doctor and they did not know what it was. My acne cleared up however, this pain in my bones was horrendous. I was told I was just stressed by one doctor, had arthritis, or rheumatoid arthritis. I am a very active 20 year old girl. It actually got to the point where it was ruining my life. I went to TEN doctors and I finally figured out myself I had drug induced lupus from forums like this which the doctors agreed. It took me a year for me and doctors to realize. I was injected with 2 cortisone shots in my buttocks and feel better but still not 100%. This drug has ruined my body. Please be careful."
"I had the implanon put in June 2012.. was the best decision of my life. In June 2015 I had it removed an th e nexplanon put in. Still a good decision... no periods since June 2012 spotted only twice no cramps no real mood swings.. but a little more acne and a lower sex drive are the faults.. but hey I&#039;ll take that deal if it means no stress about getting pregnant"
"Just started on complera a month ago. This is my first medication and I have to say I am very happy with it. Like others I waited over a month after I got my first prescription before I started taking it. I was more scared of the medication then when I first found out six years ago I was positive. The first couple of days I had some dizziness and fatigue and I have experienced some gas. However they have all subsided. I have read a lot of people have problems taking it with a 400 calorie meal. I was never a breakfast eater but decided I would take my pill in the morning. I have half a whole wheat bagel with two tablespoons of peanut butter 325k and half a cup of cottage cheese 110k for a total 435. Very light meal but provides the calories."
"I&#039;m on Wellbutrin already and was recently put on Lamictal, it stabilized my moods a bit, but I stopped taking it due to the horrible insomnia and very vivid dreams.  Every time I went to bed and managed to sleep I woke up exhausted due to my brain consistently running through the night. I had to stop it, I was tired all the time because of the horrible insomnia."
"Elavil is also great for preventing migraines. If taken on a daily basis, you will experience less headaches. It is also great as a sleep medication and for nerve pain."
"I highly encourage anyone struggling with acne to ask their dermatologist about accutane. I&#039;ve struggled with mild but persistent acne for years. I was placed on an antibiotic for almost two years after trying topical treatments. This antibiotic worked for me for a few months but I still had breakouts. I have just finished my 6 month round of accutane. I am honestly in love with this drug. My skin is flawless and I am happier with it then I have ever been. The only side effect I had to deal with was dry lips which wasn&#039;t bad. My skin never felt dry, it actually feels softer."
"I&#039;m 24, and have PTSD, bipolar and anxiety disorder. I have recently had the scariest panic attacks, 911 calls and ER visits. So bad I thought I was dying...every night. I took klonodopin and it didn&#039;t help. My doctor prescribed this today and I haven&#039;t feel this relaxed or not in fear in a long time. I&#039;m thankful to this medication. I couldn&#039;t handle it anymore. Nothing else has helped."
"I am 45 and I kept getting anxiety meds, but couldn&#039;t figure out why I was so reclusive and unmotivated. I called my doctor myself and asked for hormone test. Turns out it was low and she prescribed &quot;Lo Loestrin Fe.&quot;. I never knew 45 was average age that pre-menopause starts (best kept secret).  I started it 6 days ago and am noticing some more motivation.  I realize most people write on these pages with problems. Here is hoping that what I&#039;m feeling gets better and better. Sex drive is way up already! I got three months of samples from doctor so remember to ask."
"Strong."
"I used to be a 2-pack smoker. I had been smoking for 17 years since age 14. I had tried to quit many times with a limited success. Chantix is a miracle drug that helped to quit for good almost 3 years ago."
"As someone else pointed out that they have like 0.02% of side effects. That&#039;s me... my psychiatrist has to look up my side effects because they are so random and uncommon. I tell everyone Cymbalta saved my life. I have battled blood pressure for 10 years and have been on 27 different medicines for it. Although, I luckily do not have a severe case of blood pressure, I do need to learn how to handle stress better and went on Cymbalta after a nervous breakdown that put me in the hospital. Was put on Cymbalta and Depakote, the best medicines ever. 16 months later and 70 pounds heavier, I am doing great. Weight gain was from Depakote, and so I got off of that 3 months ago, but Cymbalta is still keeping me afloat."
"I was first put on wellbutrin at 300mg then 450mg but that kept me up and I really wasn&#039;t feeling much of a difference. The doctor added Prozac 20mg. For the first 3 days I could sleep. After that if feels like I&#039;m coming off a caffeine high as I get very tired but I never experience a high in energy. I get hot flashes and sweat about 25-30mins after taking it but then it goes away. I yawn all the time. Another thing I&#039;ve noticed since I&#039;ve been on it was decreased sexual mood and ejaculation feels weird, just weird. I&#039;m not emotionless but sadness, depression and anger seem to not be present. Decreased appetite and lost a little weight. No other side effects experience."
"Anything that can get me back on track while I deal with my very occasional anxiety issues.  Xanax helped me out a lot 4.5 years ago and I am in need of it again."
"Taking Prozac for Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder is a miracle! But when I hit forty it really got worse.. especially at period time, my thoughts were so messed up, I would think things that I knew wasn&#039;t normal and cry because of the most ridiculous reasons or just non- stop crying for no reason. Irritated beyond expression and like my body was on speed. But all out of my control, I could not get in control of my moods or thoughts. So last year at my Gyno appointment I mentioned this bizarre experience I would have prior to my periods!
She explains PDD and prescribed Prozac. I take mine 14 days prior and every other day or every third day because it makes me feel draggy! Just depends how it affects me that month. I take it before I go to bed. Works great! New life!"
"This birth control pill has me constantly  on my period. I was on my period for 35 days straight when I first started taking it. I&#039;ve been taking it for almost 4 months and I&#039;ve been on my period for at least half of the time. Absolutely horrible since I am a newlywed."
"I&#039;ve been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about four years now. When I first started taking it, I did gain about 15 pounds or so. Other than that, it has been good. My periods only last 2-3 days and they are light enough that I can wear a small tampon or a panty liner. I had three ovarian cysts burst before taking Loestrin and since I&#039;ve been on it, I haven&#039;t had any cysts burst. I would recommend Loestrin, except for the weight gain."
"Middle Back Pain and knee Pain . Yeah work for sure but need too double the daily usage"
"It&#039;s only been a month so I can&#039;t guarantee any of this is the pill, but I switched over from Yasmin. Since I have started this pill, I have been in a way better mood. I have started losing weight (5lbs so far). My complaints are that I am breaking out! On my face, back and chest. Right before my period started I got sick. I thought I ate something bad but then I got my period the next morning. I was one for very painful and nauseating periods so I hope this is just a first time occurrence because I really don&#039;t want to switch pills AGAIN!"
"30 years of Xanax at 1mg 3x a day. I miss the passion that my husband and  I have but my body is numb. I have a my perfect husband so I pretend. Xanax will RUIN your sex life and take a lot from you if you take it for years like I have. They hardly work at all now and I am having lots of problems trying to stop. Beware because at first they are wonderful. "
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for three months now and I like it a lot. This is my first time ever being on bc and I&#039;m 17 so I was looking for something simple and easy to handle and this pill was definitely good for me! I didn&#039;t get my period the first month and the only side effects I get are sore boobs, cramping (during the same time every month), and minor mood swings. The only negative aspect that I didn&#039;t like was that I had spotting in between periods on the third pack (the one I&#039;m on now) which made me nervous since I didn&#039;t get that the first two months. Other than that I would highly recommend it!"
"My Dr. in NYC took me off of Halcion (which worked great!) and put me on Ambien when it came out being touted as a &quot;miracle sleep aid&quot;. Doc told me that it was non-habit forming, if it worked for me I wouldn&#039;t ever need to use more than the 5 mg. tabs (sounded like she had just memorized company literature). Anyway the .5 mg. Ambien worked great for a while, especially helpful as my work schedule(s) varied so much. I&#039;d sleep and wake up refreshed. But after 7 or 8 yrs. of taking .5 mg several nights a week, I needed 10 mg. to get &amp; stay asleep. Then it stopped working. Fact is, you have to go off Ambien for a while until your &quot;tolerance&quot; goes away &amp; I&#039;ll bet that&#039;s the case with all sleep aids - it&#039;s back to Halcion for me!"
"Used it with mianserin (another AD which helped a while in the sleeping). I guess things looked a little less gray with it, just a little less. Stopped it because the effect was not very relevant and my psychiatrist told it was a very expensive drug so if it wasn&#039;t very effective I should not spend money on it. Now I continue with mianserin and started topiramate (a mood regulator)."
"I&#039;ve had my nexplanon in for 3 yrs. I&#039;ve had great experience with this except I have extreme anxiety and depression which I am on medications for that now. But it&#039;s past my 3 year mark and my doctor will not take out my nexplanon. I told her it was expired and even showed her the little card they gave me when They put it in that showed the expiration date. She said it can still be working for another 2 months. I asked her I said but doesn&#039;t it lose its effectiveness and she said yes and said but it could still be working I was like well how do u know??? And she just changed the subject. Then I asked her well can&#039;t it get stuck in your muscle and tissue and she said yes but it should be good for another month or two."
"I&#039;m so grateful I read about Oxybutynin for hyperhydrosis on drugs.com 3 weeks ago it has already saved me so much anxiety, discomfort and embarrassment. I can&#039;t believe I can feel confident and comfortable in public now. THANK YOU! My crazy sweating began 2 years ago from Opiate Replacement Therapy (an extremely common side effect of methadone &amp; Suboxone) Even in winter, just grocery shopping left me covered in sweat but since day 2 of Oxybutynin NOT ONE BEAD OF SWEAT I feel so lucky! I haven&#039;t tried exercising on it yet but I&#039;ll update when I do :) 
In addition to Methadone 50mg, I take Lexapro, Norimin, Ritalin &amp; Serequel 25mg which would increase my side effects so far of dry mouth and 3 headaches but small sacrifice!"
"I started taking Lupron in November, 2014, and I am currently still taking the shots. I have had almost no side effects except for occasional hot flashes. I was put on Lupron because of heavy bleeding, due to my large fibroids. I am extremely happy with the results. My fibroids have shrunk to the point that I can now have a laparoscopic hysterectomy, rather than the old fashion full abdominal surgery. I haven&#039;t had a menstrual cycle in 9 months."
"Super effective and VERY strong.  It&#039;s the only medicine that I&#039;ve nodded to period.  Use for bad pain with care. It works wonders, instantly.  Couple of sprays and you&#039;re just fine (totally crushed...but not feeling the pain)."
"My doctor recommended the Nuvaring to me after I told her how I didnt like taking birth control pills because I forget and also I had no sex drive while on the pill. I put the Nuvaring in and within 24 hrs I had severe vomiting, fever, &amp; muscle fatigue. This was literally the worst experience I have ever had with birth control. At first I didn&#039;t understand what was happening to me till I looked at the side effects on the pamphlet my doctor gave me. I immediately took it out and within 8-10 hrs I stopped vomiting but still very weak and frail. I had a severe allergic reaction to the Nuvaring and later found out that my body reacts negatively to estrogen and progesterone from my new Doctor. I&#039;m going to try the copper IUD."
"I am age 24, I believe I contracted Hep C through IV drug habit. I thought my low energy and brain fog was because of the many drugs I have done. I had the virus for 2-4 years unknowingly. I finally got a checkup and came back completely healthy except for having Hep C. I workout and eat healthy all the time. My viral load was under 15,000 (very low).

 I was put on harvoni 8 week and was tested the last 2 weeks of treatment and came up negative.

The medication eradicates a resilient virus from your body. Harvoni definitely has side effects do not let any doctor tell you otherwise. The medication is extremely effective however and the trade off for mild discomfort is well worth it.

I am now a few months clean of Hep C after taking Harvoni"
"This is ahorrid med. Made me hallucinate and tons of other stuff"
"I&#039;m in my fifth week taking injections. I&#039;ve been on 2000mg metformin daily for 4 yrs but my A1C has been creeping up over the last year (7.3 ) and my fasting blood sugars (morning) had averaged around 160 and almost never registering below 150 and too often above 170. Over the last 4 weeks my fasting sugars have steadily dropped. Last week they averaged 116 and this week they are averaging 107. I&#039;ve experienced sporadic mild nausea and a reduced appetite (not as hungry as often and I fill up much faster). I&#039;m not a fan of the injections but they&#039;re tolerable . I&#039;ve not followed my weight (definitely not gaining) and we won&#039;t check my A1C for a couple more weeks."
"This medication was not good for me. I had a lot of severe joint pain and I was sad all of the time. I cried at the drop of a hat and this is not my normal personality at all. I always felt as though I just wanted to curl up in a ball and stay under the covers. I lasted 2.5 years. All of my joints hurt. So, now I am trying letrozole. So far, it seems more of the same...sigh."
"I have taken Lexapro for depression and anxiety for over 10 years-beginning in my early 40&#039;s.  I have tried to change to other medications without success. But, I had the side effects on Lexapro of tiredness, lack of energy, and apathy. Maybe related to those side effects, but I believe also separately, I gained a lot of weight since I started the medicine.  The trintellix is the first medicine that not is working on my mood and anxiety and my energy and get up and go has returned. I feel 20 years younger! For the past 6 weeks, I have taken 10 mg of Trinellix, while titration slowly down on my Lexapro (had been at 30 mg for years). I was less than hopeful, but am so thrilled to have this successs finally. I do have some stomach upset-not ba"
"I want to warn you about watching what you drink and other medicines you take.  It turns out that even a little alcohol (3 drinks a month) and Motrin (6 pills taken over one week) will hurt your liver while on Cymbalta.  I found this out through a routine blood test.  "
"I was placed on 150mg x2 a day Wellbutrin &amp; 0.5mg Klonopin X 2 a day. Wellbutrin gave me the initial energy I needed to stay awake. At one point I didn&#039;t have enough Klonopin to get me through so I cut my dosage in 1/2 for the Klonopin to 0.5mg. Wellbutrin was overpowering it made me too hyperactive and made my anxiety rage so I stopped taking it and it helped calm me down. My depression disappeared and my anxiety leveled out. Since, I%u2019ve been back on 0.5mg x 2 a day, extra as needed and stayed off the Wellbutrin. The depression hasn&#039;t come back yet. If I forget to take Klonopin for more than a day I start losing my thoughts mid-sentence and I forget everything that I%u2019m trying to say. Then my anxiety comes back and I%u2019m a mess until I take it."
"I will be turning 18 in a month and I don&#039;t have any kids. I was previously on the Nuvaring and I usually had 3 day periods with just one super tampon a day. I also never cramp and whenever I did they were just slight cramping in my hips. I got the skyla inserted yesterday afternoon and I took a tramadol before. The insertion is quite uncomfortable, just a lot of pressure that I got through with deep breaths. My cramps about 30 minutes after were breathtaking but nothing too bad. I was on the fourth day of my period when I got the insertion and I have light spotting today. The worst part of the entire thing was the dilation of my cervix. Besides that I am quite pleased"
"Since being put on jolessa by my gyno about a year ago I have experienced mood swings, increased appetite, excessive weight gain, and most of all, extreme fatigue. No matter how much sleep or rest I get I am ALWAYS tired. I actually only feel well rested and energized when I&#039;m on my period (which makes no sense!) Needless to say I won&#039;t be using this birth control much longer. The only good thing that has came out of my experience with jolessa is lighter periods. My horrible cramping is still the same though. Heavy periods and horrible cramping is the reason my gyno put me on this birth control! VERY disappointed."
"Im a 54 year old male, 5 11&quot; 300 lbs.
Been taking it for 3 months; lost 30 lbs. Have lots of energy for yard work and exercise. I was a compulsive eater, but now I can walk by donuts with no pain. made progress eating better and less.  I Take it first thing with water, then don&#039;t eat till late afternoon.  Seems to reduce my desire to eat. Makes me appreciate lighter foods over heavy foods.  I have more physical and mental energy.  Only negative is makes it a little harder to sleep.

Its actually possible, some day I will not be the fattest guy I know."
"I was originally prescribed this pill to help with fainting spells on my period, irregular periods, severe cramps, and the impression that I might have had endometriosis. Shortly after starting, about a month in, my mood severely changed. I would get anxious very easily over little things. Within the past month(I haven&#039;t even been taking this pill for 2 full months), I have experienced insane emotional breakdowns resulting from either overthinking situations, or no trigger at all. Within the past 3 weeks, I have cried nearly everyday. Although, I have not experienced any pain from my period, it is virtually nonexistent. As for other side effects, this pill, despite popular belief, has NOT a learned my skin."
"I had bad cystic acne around my jawline and cheek bones so my doctor put me on doxycycline with Tazorac cream to use at night. I have been on it for about 4 months and have improved but I am definitely not clear (which is the ultimate goal obviously). I didn&#039;t experience any side effects but was disappointed with the results."
"2 weeks in, my experience

The good:
Clear focus
Appetite suppression 
Increased libido
Calm demeanor
Lower anxiety 
Able to get out of the house and interact with people


The bad, but have subsided
Dizzy
Nauseous 
Insomnia, now i take it around 2pm vs before bed

Drug is always unavailable when doc refills .

Expensive without insurance 

Better than wellbutrin, Lexapro and abilify.
So far so good"
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about 6 months and I didn&#039;t experience any weight gain. My only issue with this pill is that I get very emotional during the third week of the pill. Doctors recommend taking a B-complex vitamin at the same time. I didn&#039;t know this at first but once I started doing this, I noticed a positive change but still had that mood swing in the third week. I would just get a little obsessive and cry easily. Just remember that each pill works differently for everyone. So a pill that makes one person gain weight might make another lose weight."
"I have only experienced a handful of migraines as an adult (had them often as a child but they ended with puberty), but frequency has increased to 3 within the last year. This was the first time I have had migraine medicine to take. Dr. gave me a few different samples - Maxalt 10mg was the one I took. It was really AMAZING that within 5 minutes of taking it the vice-like pain was gone. I did experience extreme fatigue, some nausea, diuresis (clammy &amp; sweaty), and some muscle pain, but, to be honest I just tried to sleep through most of it. I woke up about 2hrs later feeling better and able to function again.
Next time I will ask for a prescription for 5mg, which may decrease the side effects."
"Besides childbirth, I cannot thing of a worse thing to have ever happened to my vagina. I inserted this stuff at midnight and essentially had a fire crotch until 5 the next afternoon. Never buy this."
"This is horrible. Instantly burning! Pain is much worse then the yeast infection symptoms! Is there a recall on this? Find it very strange that so many people are having issues. Used rx and other monistats in the past and never had issues."
"I am 24 years old, I had to stay awake during the nights of the last week due to a university exam. four days after the exam is finished i can not sleep well because my bed time has changed. and i feel so tired during the day. last night at 2:45 am I took one (50 mg) Tab and after 30 - 40 min i slept deeply. At 9:00 am (after 6 hours) I woke up feeling little bit heavy and sleepy, so I went beck to sleep for another 2 hours. After that I woke up feeling fresh and energetic like if i had a good continous sleep through the night."
"I have been an asthmatic for most of my life (I am now 38 yrs old) and have tried many medications.  Before I lost my insurance I was on singulair and claritin and still struggling.  Several times I woke up gasping for air.  So when I was able to get insurance again I requested to try something else since I was hesitant to say the least in taking singulair again.  My Dr. suggested I try Dulera and Flonase.  Since starting these medications I have not needed my albuterol inhaler once and its been about a month.  I went from using my inhaler sometimes several times a day to not at all.  My mom has osteoporosis (excuse the spelling) and that concerns me for my own health but my breathing is ultimately more important."
"I developed Serotonin Syndrome.  Diarrhea (to the point of leaking), drowsiness, increased body temp, very blurry vision, looked &amp; felt drunk, bloating, weight gain, dry eyes, red bumps on face, feverish, felt like I was getting the flu, gas, heartburn, craved sweets, no concentration or focus, forgetful, clumsy, insomnia, etc.  Four symptoms showed up during the first week on 10 mg, the rest showed up during the second week (20 mg).  I&#039;ve been on many anti-depressants over the past 17 years (Zoloft, Effexor, Lexapro &amp; Wellbutrin XR worked the best) but they would all eventually lose their effect.  The only other time I&#039;ve ever felt this bad in relation to a medicine was when I was going OFF of Lexapro.  Viibryd is a &quot;no&quot; for me!!"
"My food cravings are so bad that I&#039;ve gained 9 lbs in 14 days.  My memory is horrible.
Went to the post office and 2 minutes later I forgot I had gone to the post office.  Went to Walmart and forgot what store I was in.  Blurred vision.  Had to hire a driver.  Dizziness.  Yes, it improved my mood, yet I&#039;m getting off of it!"
"I took reclipsen for 2.5 years. It was wonderful! Only now that I haven&#039;t been taking it have I had acne and weight gain. I just refilled my prescription for it! I do a 9 week cycle. 9 weeks of active pills then a period week and repeat. Wonder wonderful. Also, it did not decrease my sex drive in any way. Maybe it even boosted it? Works amazingly. No pregnancies and much better periods. Mine were 13-16 days long and so heavy that in the first few days I would often fall back down after standing. With it they were about a week long and manageable."
"I took Mucinex along with Xopenex. I had a terrible feeling for about 6 hours.  "
"Prescribed Ocella for POCS (polycystic Ovarian Syndrome) which can cause severe cystic acne that I had. Have been on it for 10 years. It was a miracle, acne is gone.  To prevent the mood swings and acne flare ups during the inert week each month, I had my OBGYN write prescription for 3 months straight. Now only have period &amp; mood swings 4 times/yr instead of 12.  Other pills caused anxiety attacks, I have felt most normal on this pill.  The downside is I have no libido, but I am 40 so I guess I should expect some decrease at my age anyway."
"Worst experience!  I went to an obgyn last year (for the first time) due to very bad periods (I&#039;m 37).  She never did exam me and gave me this.  For the next few weeks my bleeding got worse than it was!  I informed my dr about it and they told me to stop taking it.  So I went back to that obgyn and she once again never examed me just told me to stop taking it until she does surgery.  (Crazy!).  Never went back to that dr and went to a new one and got something different than this pill that did not work at all."
"The only real way to see if medication works is to ask the people you live with. I&#039;ve been on Cymbalta for over a month and have had no side effects. My family can testify that I am a so much more calmer and less reactive. In fact my 18 year old daughter happened to be with me when I went to the doctor and he asked how I was going. My daughter replied for me and told him, &quot;I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s all in her head, but she is amazing now. She used to be so irritable and grumpy. Now she&#039;s really nice.&quot;  How&#039;s that for honesty? Like they say, &quot;Out of the mouth of babes!&quot; I really, really do feel happier and it&#039;s great knowing my family can see the difference. I remember saying to my doctor &quot;I&#039;m not coping&quot;, but I truly don&#039;t feel that way anymore."
"It may take almost 2 hours, but it always works! 
This medicine has never failed me, and I&#039;m using it for almost 20 years.

Side effects - Sometimes nothing, sometimes extreme fatigue. My recommendation: go take a nap 45 - 60 minutes after taking it. You&#039;ll wake up with no remains of the migraine attack."
"1.5 months along with Skyla. Had a pretty bad insertion experience due to my &quot;unexercised cervix&quot; I tried mirena and it would not fit. After 15 min of agony went with Skyla and it was still a little difficult but finally got it in. I was having uterine spasms and could always feel the IUD inside me for about 3 weeks after insertion. I found out ibuprofen was to blame. Since I stopped taking ibuprofen the pain has subsided to right before period cramps and sometimes when I&#039;m aroused or after having an orgasm. Another downside was the initial bleeding for 2 weeks straight. Then I had one week of spotting, followed by one &quot;spot free&quot; week and back to a full blown 7 day period. Besides the daily spotting and spotting after sex skyla is ok."
"I&#039;ve been on Doxy for about four days, and the nausea is horrible. Today I had to leave my final exam because I was afraid I&#039;d vomit. It&#039;s been that way since the first time I took it. I tried not eating with it, since that&#039;s what the bottle instructs, but the nausea isn&#039;t so bad if I eat. I have noticed improvements though. I&#039;d had a bad respiratory infection for months but didn&#039;t know what it was. Finally got diagnosed and got this, and now I don&#039;t feel like death, but I do have a horrible headache. Didn&#039;t realize it could have been a side effect of it, but that makes sense now. Basically, it&#039;s a good cure for the respiratory infection, but the side effects are bad.
On a side note, it&#039;ll be cool to see what it does with my mild acne."
"Cymbalta worked somewhat on my obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety and depression better than other medicines. However, I felt like I couldn&#039;t do much. I had zero energy even though I took my dose (60mgs) at night. It became too tiring to even make myself something to eat. I did not want to go anywhere or do anything because I didn&#039;t have the energy. 
At higher doses (90 mgs), I had stomach upset and pains if I did not take my dose with food. I would also have diarrhea/loose stools at the higher dose. 
Sexual side effects were decreased interest and desire in sex. Could be attributed to just not having the energy to enjoy it. 
It did help with my OCD and lowered my anxiety but did not help my depression."
"I had gotten this as &quot;samples&quot; from an obgyn I saw for the first time.  From the day I started taking it; it was &quot;not bad&quot; but with in a week my period came back in a horrible way with the worst cramps ever.  I even began having bad side effects on the left side of my abdomen, and still have them to this very day.  I notifed both the obgyn and my doctor about it - and they told me to stop taking the pill.  Have not been on that pill since January and saw a new obgyn and gave me a new pill than this one.  (No side effects yet).
Never again taking this pill - glad this was not a prescription to me."
"This medication is working for me.  I have lost 8 pounds in just over 3 weeks.  Unfortunately, because of misquoted pricing from my pharmacy and absolutely no additional financial assistance from the manufacturer of the medication, I am unable to financially continue with the program.  Its a terrible shame that greed gets in the way of human compassion.  I tried to get further assistance in paying for this drug.  I guess $1000+ per month is way more important to the manufacturer of this drug than the person who truly needs this medication to get healthy."
"I have been taking Ranexa twice a day for 1 1/2 years as l have Prinzemetal Angina. I am unable to function without it. I also find the following tablets very effective Adalat and Dipen which widen my arteries. I getting swelling so l take Lasix for that."
"Got this IUD inserted February 2016 it&#039;s now July, still bleeding, very bad diarrhea, cramps, acne, weight gain, anxiety, and probably the WORST and most often migraines I&#039;ve ever experienced in my life-like every other day I have bad headaches.  Getting it removed this week, can&#039;t wait."
"I&#039;ve used Aviane for about 5 months now.
I switched from Tri cyclen lo (great skin, bigger boobs BUT cramps) to Avaine because my cramps were so bad.
My cramps did disappear, I did not gain weight &amp; had an increase in sex drive, however, my skin got terrible! So bad that I&#039;m thinking about going back on Tri Cyclen Lo and dealing with cramps, OR switching to Yaz, which my gyno recommended!

Every birth control effects everyone differently so, reading reviews may not tell you how it will affect you. I&#039;d say ask your doctor and try what ever they offer out!"
"In &#039;97 I was suffering from depression so badly, I entered a clinical trial for antidepressants. Specifically, Effexor XR. I had never been on antidepressants before and I was astounded at how much better I felt. Then in &#039;06, after the 2nd work supervisor said I had &quot;no sense of urgency&quot; I decided to switch medicines. My doctor said so many patients became apathetic after long term use. Getting off was a nightmare! But now I&#039;m on Lexapro. It hasn&#039;t lifted me up like I&#039;d like either, but maybe that&#039;s the way it&#039;s going to be. I experienced weight gain with Effexor and actually lost weight since I&#039;ve been on Lexapro, which has been for about 2 years now. Would like to get off all medicines period."
"Hi how long have you been on them? and how long was it before you felt the benefits?  I&#039;m on week 3 and still get thoughts and still a bit depressed can you let me know asap please"
"I have had numerous scopes done since 2006, this by far has been the most palatable. Still gross, but much better than all the other ones prior. I read the reviews hoping to not sway my decision in the negative since this was a new prep for me.  The tips that do help are making sure the drink is cold, using a straw, mixing it with Sprite/water also and having a slice of lemon to suck on between drinks as needed. After the first hour, plan on parking on a toilet! You will feel bloated, burps, slight headache and keep a supply of latex gloves and Vaseline nearby with non-scented wipes. And a good supply of TP! Good luck"
"Have been using Xiidra for 6 weeks and have noticed a marked improvement in my eyes. I have blepharitis and meibomian. I also wear gas perm contacts and was down to being able to wear them for 2 hours a day and now up to 10 hours. Still using warm compresses and lid scrubs but since using xiidra I have noticed a marked improvement in tear production and eye oil production. Stinging has decreased to a few seconds and bad taste lasts only a minute or less. Cloudy vision can last 5 to 10 minutes...sometimes none present."
"Having nauseous feelings, dizziness, clouded distorted head as if hung over, every day at noon time and lasting rest of day!
Just started taking 30mg at night along with Wellbutrin and trazadone that I have taken for a couple years now.
Not a good feeling. Going to call Dr to see what I should do."
"I have now been using Nexium 24 for only 4 days but I am seeing the effects already!  I have been able to enjoy many foods I have had to avoid in the past with little to no burn.  I absolutely have hope that Nexium is the answer to all my problems and that in time it will eliminate the problems all together.  I was lucky enough to receive my Nexium free from a mission and now I&#039;m a dedicated customer.  Thank you so much for this awesome product!"
"I was very nervous about getting my Skyla inserted after reading negative blog posts all over the Internet. Overall, the insertion hurt for a maximum of 3 minutes and felt like a typical exam. I gripped the table tightly anticipating a huge pain and then was surprised at how easy it was. My doctor measured my cervix first to make sure he was putting it in properly to prevent any pain. From what I understand the pain is largely based on the doctor&#039;s experience with it - mine had placed hundreds. I did have cramping the first day that made me a bit nauseous but ultimately ended up feeling well enough to have intercourse that night. 
I have had VERY minor spotting but it hasn&#039;t been enough for panty liner. So worth it for the peace of mind!"
"Spent over 2 years trying to find eye drops that I did not have a negative reaction to and at last these drops did the job without pain or redness."
"I have had this birth control since april of 2012; having it changed last year. I have my own bouts of anxiety and depression so that may contribute to some of my issues. But I can say that; I have gained a lot of weight since being on this birth control; even when I was walking 10 miles a day and barely eating I only lost like 15 pounds at most; I started off at 155 with this implant after having my son. Once I started being more active I made it to 140; Now, after just 4 months of not walking 10 miles a day but still being active I am up to 171 lbs. It&#039;s ridiculous. I plan on having the copper IUD inserted soon. I also have trouble with breaking out a lot, mood swings, and a non-existent sex drive."
"I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis 2 years ago. At the same time I was in early recovery for addiction to pain killers (prescribed for pain,if your pain never stops you continue to use as prescribed and you are addicted). I had to have something so my Doctor told me about tramadol. I take 4-6 50 mg a day for pain. No side effects. Don&#039;t know how I would have got along without it."
"I took this medication for 1 week while is was detoxing from methadone. It did not help with the withdrawals. It just made me a little drowsy."
"I have had implanon for about 3 months. It was very sore for about a week after insertion. It has also moved almost the full length towards my elbow so I&#039;m am going to get it checked. I have not had a period since I got it inserted. I have ups and downs with mood swings. The first month was the worst. Since then I will randomly get upset or mad and have recently been breaking out a lot which is not normal for me. I also have had bad headaches. It is very convenient but there are a lot of side effects. I am going to put up with it and see if they improve after 6 months. I prefer the patch which I had no side effects but it was more expensive."
"I had begged my doctor to switch me from Amlodopine and Lisinopril which caused me to retain a lot of water to Verapamil which I had taken in the past.  However the Verapamil was useless this time and caused swelling and pain in both legs so my doctor switched me to Cozaar/Losartan which I have been taking for only a couple of days and my bp already dropped from 140/105 to 130/82.  Swelling in legs and excruciating pain in my tendons have subsided.  Overall I&#039;m not feeling perfect or even near but way better than I was and hopefully on my way to better ways."
"I recently changed my diet and have been eating more protein which has seriously backed me up.  I hadnt pooped for 4 days and felt nauseous after eating and bloated and gassy.  My stomach was rock hard with no relief from senna, essential lemon oil, digestive enzymes, probiotics, colon cleanse, and smooth move tea.

A friend recommended mag citrate.  I had never heard of it before.  Went to store and bought it for 1.99.  Sour Lemon taste.  I drank half a bottle and nothing.  Drank the other half and 16 ounces of water (maybe more) and the magic started happening.  I&#039;m still sitting on the toilet with my pants around my ankles hoping for some more movement.  

This stuff works.  Be patient.  It took me 1.5-2 hours for the first movement."
"I had skyla inserted a few months ago all I have to say is don&#039;t believe what other people say everyone is different and have different reactions to stuff and different bodies i was also afraid to get skyla because of what people had said about it but I definitely didn&#039;t want to go in birth control pills knowing I was going to easily forget to take them knowing me lol I did have a few cramps and I have not had any spotting I went to my last appointment everything was all good I&#039;m also a breastfeeding mom and it did not reduce my milk supply at all witch is one of the reasons I also didn&#039;t want to get skyla because I was afraid to loose my milk supply but I didn&#039;t. also was afraid to gain weight I have not gained any weight at all it worked"
"Don&#039;t just pull any pill off the shelf. Get plan B. It&#039;s always on point. Take action,is the worst I&#039;ve experienced. Took it December 31st and the days are still going with no spotting,no period,no signs of it. "
"I absolutely loved this medication.  Within a few short weeks, for the first time ever I was able to complete tasks I never thought I&#039;d finish.  In one day I excitedly completed 6 projects that had been sitting around unfinished for months.  Sadly for me, I got a horrible rash and realized I was allergic to it.  I&#039;ve tried a few other medications, but for me, nothing&#039;s ever come close to being as effective."
"I hate this BC!. I used ortho tri cyclen lo for most of my 20&#039;s without issue. Now in my 30&#039;s and lo loestrin is what most doctors seem to be pushing on patients. I have all of the symptoms: horrible deep acne, headache, nausea, mood swings and the constant spotting!! Its been 3 months now and my body does not seem to be adjusting. Plus I found it costs $97 without insurance! Why?!"
"Started Yaz a little over a week. I decided to go on for birth control reason, but also to help with what I think to be hormone related acne. I would get a few pimples here and there, sometimes some bad breakouts around my period but nothing too drastic. My skin was clear when I started the pack, but the very next day after taking the first pill I started to breakout. I got large, painful cysts on my left cheek and some smaller pimples on my chin. It started with just one but it seemed as though a new cyst was forming every day. I have been drinking as much water as possible, eating lots of fruits and veggies, no dairy, limited sugar, to try and help with the breakout. So far no improvement. "
"Worked well on me but made me a bit woozey, effective for short term pain relief but be carefull not to exceed dose, morning, lunch, evening and just before bed is enough, then see a dentist."
"I have had the Paragard IUD for about seven years now. The first few periods where really tough. I considered removing it. After a few months my periods were no different than how they were before. I can understand initial heavy cramping and bleeding that a few have mentioned. For me it did subside. My periods are relatively regular give or take a few days and last about 5 days. Not having to even think about birth control is such a luxury for a married person who does not want to become pregnant. Depending on the time of the month the string can hang a bit out of the cervix which can be bothersome (yes I check) otherwise I have no complaints. I&#039;m afraid it will hurt during removal though. :/"
"Having used Axiron for 20 months, I thought I&#039;d let you know of my continued good feeling, no adverse effects, most things seem beneficial.  I seem to have gotten a bit thicker in size, no increase in length however.  My testicles, which shrunk in size at the beginning of treatment, seem to have returned to their original size, thankfully !  I now have a hairy belly, above my normal pubic area up to my navel... this area prior to treatment was as smooth as my palms and now I&#039;m developing a happy trail.  Perhaps I went through puberty with Low T levels.. my numbers have gone from 293 to 554 to 570 and last was 663.   Two squirts daily, one applied approximately 7am after showering and again at 7pm."
"I&#039;ve only been on the patch for a couple months now but it is going well so far. The only downsides are that I had fairly heavy spotting for almost 3 weeks after my period but I haven&#039;t experienced any spotting since. The other downfall is that I get really lightheaded when I first put the patch on after my period. Other than that, there haven&#039;t been any noticeable changes"
"I have been on Armour since October &#039;13. I was diagnosed hypothyroid. I have steadily gained weight ever since I started. 20lbs. It has not helped with my cold hands or feet, dry skin, or fatigue. My hair has stopped falling out so bad but that is about the only thing good I can say about this. Also, Im not sure if its related  but I&#039;ve had serious worsening of lower back pain since starting this. "
"I recently started lexapro for generalized anxiety disorder, severe panic disorder, and social anxiety.  It has worked wonders for me.  I feel so much better and experience limited anxiety now.  However, I just went up to 20 mg and now I can barely stay awake.  I am tired all of the time and easily could sleep through the day.  It&#039;s very difficult for me to get things done and it is getting in the way of my daily activities.  I don&#039;t want to stop this medicine because it&#039;s working so well, but I am at a loss and don&#039;t know what to do."
"Taking Flexerill gets results for pain relief especially when taken with Tramadol, but I have started having severe pain and pressure in the very low abdominal area like a very painful bowel movement.  Starts in the middle of the night and lasts for about an hour.  I only use once or twice a week and only at bedtime, but now I am thinking this may not be the drug for me."
"It is currently 3:50 am, I just used this product last night as a quick fix to get rid of my very mellow symptoms of a YI. My down stairs lady part is so swollen and in pain. Do not recommend this product!!! Not able to sleep or even get up to use the restroom."
"It does lower my blood pressure. I went from 170/110 to 140-119 over 90 to 80 . My blood pressure doesn&#039;t stay anywhere near the numbers. That is why I posted it that way. But, yes I get dizzy, when standing, or walking fast, I also get a slight cough or a tickle in my throat. The dizzy seems to be worse in the hot weather."
"&quot;Had a partial nephrectomy of the right kidney in 2005. The tumor was papillary renal cell. In Jan. 2016 the cancer reoccurred in several locations in the omentum. Surgery in June 2016 removed a portion of the frontal omentum including papillary renal cell tumors. Multiple nodules still remain in the omentum on both sides of my body. Have been taking 600 mg of votrient since Nov. 2016, now 8 months. Shrinkage by as much as 50% have occurred in some tumors. None have increased in size during the period. Some initial side effects, hypertension, nausea and weakness, have improved during the period; others, diarrhea, taste and poor appetite, remain. At the age of 87 I am trying to stay active. Praying for improvements for all of us."
"This medicine is very good at keeping my blood pressure normal and I have no complications. My pressure has gone from 151/110 to 117/75 which is good, with the only caveat being that I urinate more often than before I started taking it, especially in the morning after I take it."
"I felt constantly dizzy and nauseous for the first two months I was on this pill. It caused me to gain ten pounds, and I went up two cup sizes. It helped with cramps, but after being rushed to the ER for possible DVT, I decided to stop.
Since then  I have had terrible anxiety and panic attacks, likely as a response to the lack of hormones supplied from the pill. I wish I had never started taking this medicine."
"Have been taking Klonopin for nearly 20 years. At one point my doctor was prescribing 3mg per day. The past couple years I&#039;ve been taking .25mg (1/4) mg per day. It has been very helpful in preventing panic attacks and reducing my anxiety in general. My only side effect has been mild drowsiness. 

My doctor has tried to help me go off this medication completely on 2 occasions. The 1st time I developed muscle spasms throughout my body including rapid heartbeat. The 2nd time I became unable to sleep and anxiety attacks resumed. Both times my dosage was decreased gradually over a period of 2 to 3 months after I&#039;d been taking 1 mg per day. Since then, when my doctor suggested trying to ween me off it again I reminded him of the prior problems."
"Been on regular seroquel for 4 years fine. Started this for mania/depression and paranoid thoughts. Awful. Weaned up from 50mg to 450mg then back down to off in 1 week. Stomach pains. Out of touch with reality. Groggy. Weight gain immediatley.
It helped the symptoms, but no way to live."
"I&#039;m on Prednisone for a deep sinus infection and fluid behind my ears. But!!!!    It is also  truly helping a huge flare up in my legs from fibromyalgia !!!!!"
"I got this implant in Nov 14 after previously having implanon twice with no problems... I have started waking up stupidly early (no matter what time I go to bed) with terrible feelings of anxiety (despite never suffering this ever before)...and am very tearful and have mood swings. For past 12 weeks or so I have experienced &#039;spotting&#039; of brown, red or pink nature but only light enough to be seen when I wipe... This is more or less every day. My sex drive has also gone COMPLETELY. I am going to visit my doctor tomorrow to have the implant removed as reading everyone else&#039;s comments today I believe my current problems are down to this. I would not recommend."
"Terrible birth control! I do not recommend at all. Everyone reacts differently but my experience with this pill gave me irreversible effects. I had perfectly clear skin before taking this pill not one mark on my face but within the first month I got HUGE cysts all over the sides of my cheeks it killed my confidence. It also made me extremely moody I would cry all the time. Hopefully this doesn&#039;t happen to you but I just wrote this review as a warning!"
"I am in my second pack of Loestrin and its awful. I had just ended my period when I first started taking it, then I started it again after my first week of pills. I have currently been on my period now for 4 and a half weeks. Not only that, but I have gained 5 pounds since I&#039;ve started. I&#039;m an extremely active person, but this pill has made me so tired and hungry all the time. I&#039;ve had the craziest dreams and it just hasn&#039;t been a good experience at all. I just can&#039;t get over the fact that I&#039;ve been on my period this whole time and that I&#039;ve gained weight (and its noticeable). "
"I was very impartial to this birth control after being on it for 5 months because I was gaining weight and I had not been on birth control for years. I went to the Nuvaring, then to Lo Loestrin, and back to Loestrin 24 Fe because it was the best for me. At the beginning it makes my period last a little longer than usual but does make it lighter in flow and duration time. So I recommend LOESTRIN 24 Fe (little weight gain)."
"I have had IBS D for 20 years but controlled with immodium and bentyl..Three years ago it was uncontrollable.Could not leave the house Stool cultures ,colonoscopy , blood work ,xrays and scans due to pain all negative. Immodium didnt work.Doctor termed as unspecified colitis and IBS D. Now taking lomotil, hyoscyamine, donnatol, and cholestyramine.This makes life bearable.Tried xifaxin and did nothing.Now got the 100 mg viberzi 2x daily. Took one pill with food yesterday morning. Within 15 minutes my legs turned to rubber, heart was racing, cold sweat, and difficulty breathing. The heart racing and breathing went away within half hour but the rubber legs lasted about five hrs.Severe abdominal pain, gas,metal taste til last nite. No more."
"I started with taking the two laxative pills on the instructions said at 3:30 then drink the solution that I mixed with Gatorade and that took a couple hours. It was a 64oz bottle then took the last two pills at 8:00. Well the taste was ok, but I had heartburn and was nauseous the first three hours. Now it&#039;s 12:51 and still going every half hour. I&#039;ll be glad when this is over. My mom passed away from colon cancer. Everyone should have this test done. It&#039;s worth the trouble to save your life. Good luck everyone."
"I started taking Ativan about 3 months ago for extreme anxiety. I couldn&#039;t sleep, eat, or get anything done. I was seeing a CBT therapist but even my therapy wasn&#039;t helping. My doctor prescribed Ativan and my dad, who is a psychologist, agreed. It&#039;s for the worst moments when I feel like I&#039;m either going to go to the hospital or just completely go crazy. For that purpose it works very well. I feel relaxed in about a half hour and can function again. I don&#039;t take it every day or every week but I can&#039;t imagine being addicted to something if it makes you feel normal. I don&#039;t feel high or anything. I&#039;m so glad I was prescribed this and decided to take it."
"Wow, is all I can say. Was hospitalized for extreme depression after trying to take my own life and all I can say is that this drug change my life. It has been one year on it and I am so much happier. I have no side effects from taking this plus I have so much more energy."
"All branches of the Trigeminal firing with chewing, talking, brushing teeth, etc.  Neurontin works wonders. I&#039;m taking 400 mg every 3 to 4 hrs...with relief after 3 doses. HAVE TO TAKE IT REGULARLY. Have taken even higher dose when I had very painful bouts (for 10 yrs) and also had glossopharngeal (9th nerve) neuralgia. Breathe and exercise to keep centered and balanced. No bad side effects like many other medicines I&#039;ve tried. "
"The first month on Sprintec was really difficult to get through. I was extremely emotional with bloating and mood swings. After the third month things got a lot easier. My breakouts have decreased a ton besides a few before my period. Period is a lot shorter than it ever used to be which is great! Unfortunately this made my cramps worse the week before my period but other than that it&#039;s been great!"
"The packaging is horrible!!!!  The company obviously did not think through the way it is packaged-impossible to break apart and the pills come out of inserter and end up on floor....or worse in the toilet!  It is frustrating enough to make me consider switching to another option.  Generic is great but not at the expense of making them extremely difficult to use.  And it still is quite expensive!!!"
"I&#039;ve been on the patch for 2 months now, and I love it, the only downside to the pill it my periods have became more heavier and I have spotting in between by periods! On the up side by breast are growing, but tend to be sore a week before I get my period. So far it&#039;s kept me protected and I love it"
"Been on this RX since its release, prior to that Provigil. (I&#039;ve also had 5 OSA corrective surgical operations that weren&#039;t mindblowingly successful for 4+ months of downtime &amp; in-&amp;-out of the hospital with complications for a month.). I take 500 mg/day in 2 doses split by 5 hours, each dose with 20 mg dexadrine. (Plus a 3rd 20 mg dose of dex) To be short, I couldn&#039;t have the energy to write this message let alone work or at times even drive. For me its all about the timing of the doses, took me years to find the RIGHT way to take this RX for ME. 250 didn&#039;t work, 2 different insurance companies approved 500. Be prepared to fight for approval, don&#039;t give up, I got used to hearing no until I followed all insurance steps for complex approval"
"I had skyla put in exactly a year ago. Insertion was a bit painful but only lasted seconds. I was in and out of the doctors within 10-15 min. Procedure was 1 whole minute probably. 3 weeks later I went to the ER because I couldn&#039;t stand the pain and I knew something was wrong, found out I had an STI and it was a STI that the doctors were supposed to test for before putting in the IUD. Long story short, once all those were cleared up, the pain was fine. To this day I still have a bit of cramps often but nothing too bad and my periods are much lighter. Overall I am very happy with skyla. If it wasn&#039;t for the issues at the beginning, which was the doctors fault, I would rate skyla a 10!"
"In my experience this medication is pretty good but the only problem I have is, it makes me itch. My pharmacist says its not an allergy because I don&#039;t have a rash. I have found, if I take it soon enough after pain starts, it does pretty good at controlling it."
"I&#039;m 23 with no children, and got Paraguard inserted a little over a year ago. I&#039;ll start with the cons. Insertion process was quite painful but the pain only lasted about ten minutes afterwards. Since having Paraguard inserted I went from having no cramping at all around my period to having one or two instances per month of pretty painful cramping. My PMS is also pretty bad the day before I get my period but I think that&#039;s because I&#039;m not controlling it with hormonal BC anymore. My period went from 5 to 8 days and is heavier than it used to be. Despite all of this, the side effects I&#039;ve experienced do not outweigh the benefits of having Paraguard. I had way worse side effects when taking the pill. 100% happy."
"So I began the pill 3 months ago and all was well for like 3 weeks then once it came time for my period it lasted 17 days, no joke. It was horrible, no pain really but just way too long and annoying now on the 3 month mark I have been having symptoms of IBS and acid reflux so nauseous all the time and very bloated and crampy, not to mention my anxiety of pregnancy has sky rocketed due to these side effects and the fact my period is so light and only last 4 to 6 days, with no symptoms. It is nice but how am I supposed to know I&#039;m for sure not pregnant. It is horrible can&#039;t wait to go to my appointment. I also have gained around 5 pounds that I cant drop in only 3 months. It is horrible for me at least"
"I have polycystic ovarian syndrome and have heavy bleeding. I didn&#039;t notice any side effects but it didn&#039;t stop the heavy periods. Took it for almost 3 years."
"age-28 female
Starting weight- 199.4

Started back on phentermine 37.5 on Monday 4/26 at 199.4 on 4/27 down to 194.9
On  4/28 193.0 -- that&#039;s over six pounds in three days !! My goal is 150 range. The only issues with the meds are insomnia / dry mouth and I&#039;ve been very irritable but that could also be due to pms!! The dr is keeping me on for three months id love to be close to my goal
Then !  Good luck to everyone !"
"Be positive. If you&#039;re in your forties when your pain starts you are very very lucky, I&#039;m 24.  So far I have had one shot in each knee.  They were both painful, but nothing I can&#039;t handle because let&#039;s face it, we&#039;re getting these painful shots because we have a yet more painful condition.  In the end, mine were fine, but my doctor DID use Lidocaine which he injected first.  I have already had the cortisone injections and trust me, these Orthovisc ones start working a lot faster (but you REALLY get out your cane the first two days after the shot I warn you). "
"People often feel inclined to share negative experiences so I thought I would add my positive one in case anybody feels encouraged. I have Fibro, POTs, scoliosis, complex regional pain syndrome and a few other minor issues. I work part time and am a single mum (not all partners wish to hang around once you get poorly lol).
I spent many years struggling with my symptoms but a new Dr invited me to try Gabapentin. I worked up to a dose of 900mg twice a day and 1200mg at night. I have to say I would not be without it. Gone are the restless legs which kept me awake at night, gone is the interminable insomnia, irritable bladder, IBS flares.. My pains are dulled. I didn&#039;t get headaches, I don&#039;t feel dizzy beyond my normal POTs symptoms. I rate it!"
"Depakote does wonders for me but have heard it&#039;s not well for others. I don&#039;t get many of the side effects except for the weight gain. But let&#039;s face it, why am I gaining weight? Because I&#039;m not as stressed out anymore. I try and use it to my advantage being a weight lifter/exercise nut. Which is also a good thing for someone dealing with anxiety and depression by the way. I do have to say when I want to read something I can without having to go back and read it over again because I just had 33 1/2 things run through my head during the last sentence. I&#039;m not saying it is for everyone but for me it is life changing. I hope this helps in your quest for finding the right script. I know it can be hell working it all out, but trust me you will get there!"
"Best birth control I have every been on. I was on Seasonquie before the patch and I had my period for a month straight. I have been on almost every birth control. This is by far the best birth control I have ever been on. It also helped with my acne. I only break out maybe two pimples before my period now. It also cleared up my acne I had before going on this birth control."
"I got a tattoo on my lower leg. An area of it that was directly over my shin bone  became an open wound after the skin peeled off.  My derm gave me samples of Biafine and told me to apply it twice daily. I am amazed at the healing after only 3 days of application! The cream soothes the pain and promotes healing rapidly! I think whoever invented it should receive an award as I have never had such a rapid and significant response to a medication.  I highly recommend it.....ask your derm about it. ( P.S.- I am an RN with 35 years of experience.)"
"Really worked for weight loss. You have to remember to eat. This medicine totally suppresses you appetite."
"I would not use this medicine for more than a year.  While it was effective - the side effects -  began to be more problematic than the
medication was worth.  Wish I would have stopped it much sooner than I did and one must wean off  - not go off cold turkey.  My doctor apparently did not know this."
"I must say, having tried Lidoderm gel, lidocaine patches, and many others. I have to be honest, these patches are amazing, I got a real mad torn meniscus &amp; was in unbearable pain. Pain meds didn&#039;t even help, but this patch was amazing in it&#039;s effectiveness. I got a sample from my pain management Dr., &amp; just decided to use it thinking it can&#039;t hurt, so glad I did, MIRACLES. Note: the pain med was only Lortab but it most definitely aided in the dealing with of the pain. 
The only draw back, which was a big one, but pain is under control but you cannot mix other NSAID w/ this like Advil, aspirin, etc.. 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!   
I&#039;m scared to find out their cost, I have a script for them but if the lidocaine was exactly 10$ each patch, likely more $"
"I was diagnosed with diabetes insipidus a little over a year ago.  This medication is absolutely a life saver.  I love this medication and it&#039;s the only reason that I can live a semi-normal life!"
"I&#039;ve tried this twice, once for allergy related coughing and bronchitis.  For some reason, for me, this medicine always makes me cough more than I need to.  It does thin the phlegm and helps make my coughs productive, but when I need to sleep this isn&#039;t the medicine I can take at night.  I use Robitussin DM for nighttime use."
"I was on Humira for 6 months to treat my severe Crohn&#039;s Disease.  Because of it, I now I have psoriasis.  "
"AUBAGIO was very easy to take. That was the only perk of this medication. 
It did not help any of my symptoms or prevent any relapses. 
It caused extreme bowel upset for months and I lost over 3/4 of my hair. It&#039;s side effects said hair THINNING not hair LOSS. I had extreme hair LOSS. When I called to talk to someone all they wanted to tell me were the statistics from their studies. They had zero interest in documenting the real world results and my issues. They had zero desire to help me either. Just kept telling me it would get better. If I would have stayed on the medication I would be bald. 
I was extremely disappointed in the help (or lack there of)."
"I would like to lodge a complaint. I came in for surgery on 12-17-16. I told the anesthesiologist that I did not want memory blocking drugs. He told me I would be given Propofol which was fine with me I had that before with good results. When I woke up in the recovery room and was having issues blurred vision, double vision, sensation of spinning, and loss of balance; my husband stated this had not happened before with Propofol.  I was told I was given Versed (a memory blocking drug). We were told the procedure went well, so I do not know why this side-effect inducing drug was administered. I was sent home while very unsteady on my feet with sensation of spinning, and loss of balance. I do not believe it was safe to discharge me in that condition. Indeed my husband called my son to help him get me into the house. Most of all I feel my trust was violated, and my wishes were not followed while I was in a vunerable position, and this greatly concerns me. Next time do I need to request that my husband stay with me through the complete procedure for my own protection from the staff?"
"It worked."
"I had been on the pill since I was 14yrs old for excruciating period cramps along with extremely heavy bleeding (I could go through a super plus tampon in 20min!) Now, at 23, on May 9th I had the Mirena inserted. The procedure was extremely painful to the point that I felt like I was going to pass out, my hands were clammy, and I had a death grip on the sides on the exam table. (I don&#039;t have any kids). To date, I have gained 30 pounds and nothing I have done to lose it has worked. I&#039;ve lost 40+ pounds twice in my life, so I know how to lose it. I&#039;m also tired ALL the time. I can literally nap at any point in the day. And I have painful ovarian cysts (which I knew was a side effect prior). Seriously considering taking it out."
"I&#039;m in the middle of the process right now!  I didn&#039;t find the taste all that unpleasant.  I drank it all at the same time which MIGHT have been a mistake because I then had trouble drinking the additional water (but I DID drink it).  I just figured it would be best to get it all down in one shot.  It began working in around 30 minutes and I&#039;ve already gone to the bathroom at least six times.  With each bathroom trip, everything is lighter in color and clearer which I suppose is the goal.  I&#039;m just now feeling that I won&#039;t be going much longer...it has been 1 hour and 45 mins since I started the prep.  I&#039;ve not experienced pain or nausea.  Although I admit I&#039;m not looking forward to doing this again tomorrow morning.  :)"
"Contracted herpes from my cheating lying ex boyfriend, my mother found l-lysine tablets and recommended I try them, I take one 1000mg every day and haven&#039;t had an outbreak since, until I was unable to take them due to throat problems. But these are honestly brilliant, I live by them."
"I sympathize with the anonymous user who has been on the patch for only one month (comments dated 4/24). I have been on this patch for 8-10 years now. Sadly ... Long story short, I went through a lot in the beginning too. I am one of the small percentage of people who needed to change the patch every 48 hours instead of 72 because I was experiencing severe withdrawal symptoms (which is what you are describing) whenever I waited 72 hours. The 48 hours made a difference. However, it isn&#039;t a perfect system, there are problems, sweating it off during summer, no more pool, etc. It&#039;s not perfect and breakthrough medicines are needed in my case. Long-term use gets tricky, be careful and good luck."
"I&#039;ve been on Nuva Ring for about 6 years. No complaints or side effects. Sex drive is good, acne cleared up for the most part, no discomfort, &amp; no weight gain. Easy to use &amp; I just set a reminder on my phone to take out every 3 weeks. I used to have awful problems on various birth control pills such as Yas and Yazmin such as cramps and random spotting. Haven&#039;t had these problems since I switched to Nuva Ring."
"I was tappering off of both MS Contin and Percocet and developed diarrhea. I started taking Imodiun and started itching  and a rash. It did help the diarrhea but I am one of the people that had a reaction to this medication, unfortunately. I also had cramping, and sweating as well as lightheadedness."
"I was having trouble even functioning due to the spasms and chest pain I was experiencing.  I experienced immediate relief when prescribed Ranexa.  I can not describe the change I have experienced in quality of life.  I had a heart attack five years ago at the age of 34 from a spasm that went out of control.  I don&#039;t want that again!  The spasms are much more controlled now, and I hardly ever have one that requires Nitro."
"I have been on this medication for one month. I was switched from Levora to this because the medication is supposably the same. Not the same side effects for me! Levora was perfect, but this pill has given me 10 extra pounds. . . In one month!!! (My weight has never been this high) Plus my mood has been horrible, no sex drive. Only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because I am not pregnant."
"When I was 13 years old, I started to develop severe acne. From 13 to 15 I tried many medications over and under the counter, but nothing seemed to have much effect if any at all. Finally, I was referred to a dermatologist who prescribed me Accutane for 3 months. My brother (a year older than me) was going through the same thing &amp; was also prescribed Accutane, but for 5 months. We both experienced ineffably dry lips (like a desert) and our skin improved immensely. By month 2, I had very good results and only dry lips as a side effect. I&#039;m now 24 &amp; today I have about 5% of what I used to have, but I&#039;m getting on Accutane again to get rid of it once &amp; for all. Overall, Accutane was great for me &amp; my brother &amp; I&#039;m very happy with the results."
"Doctor prescribed this medication for bacterial vaginitis 3x a day for 7 days well I took my 1st dose no problem except a little diarrhea. Took my second dose and went to bed.  A few hours later I&#039;m awakened out of my sleep to a tingling face.  My right side of my face is swollen."
"on 1/24/2017 I started taking 1 pill of Adipex 37.5mg once a day. I started at 262lbs. As of today 3/8/17 I now weigh 247lbs. It gives me energy without the jitters. I also suppresses my appetite I force myself to eat 5 small meals a day.  I also do at least a 30 min workout 4 times a week. Adipex works! My normal doctor will not prescribe this medication so I see a weight loss doctor. I pay 100.00 a month for the meds."
"Hello all! I am sharing this because I want to reassure everyone that this drug does its job extremely well. I recently had gone off the pill and hadn&#039;t had sex in a month due to me and my long term partner being split. We decided to get back together and have sex, however, it was unprotected and his sperm did go inside of me. I am almost positive I was on my most fertile day but here I am, 12 days later after taking the Plan B and I am not pregnant. I took it within two hours after having unprotected sex. I had lots of breast tenderness and swelling, mood swings, and right now I am experiencing heavy cramps. But I do want to ease people&#039;s minds that this medicine is highly effective and it has relieved me because I am not ready for a bab"
"During the nine months I was on the shot I had a constant period, sometimes heavy, sometimes light. I was tired all the time and began to have suicidal thoughts, which I&#039;ve never had before. I had crazy mood swings and would start crying for no reason at all. I switched to Nuvaring and all my symptoms have gone away. I know the shot works for many people, but clearly it&#039;s not for me!"
"I have had migraines since the age of 27. Now 62 and still get them. I have been taking Zomig for the past 10 years and they are the only tablet that have helped me. At first the dosage was 5mg. and was bought down to 2.5mg as the side effects made me feel as though my arms and chest were really heavy and was accompanied by a very dry mouth and was not able to drink anything hot. Sometimes I get very tired the day before the migraine hits and I know its time for a Zomig.  I still get these sensations but not all of the time. I pay $36.45 every month 6 tablets, expensive but it works.  My only worry now is that after the age of 65 it is not advisable to take them. I wonder what am I going to do?"
"I had taken Adderal for years.  90mg daily. It was suggested by my psychiatrist to start taking the Vyvanse.  I have really noticed a decrease in my energy level, and sometimes I struggle with motivation issues.  I take 70mg daily. I sometimes have to check to make sure that I did remember to take it that day."
"This is the only medicine that has really helped me. Love it but so expensive and insurance won&#039;t pay. Luckily my Dr. gives samples to tide me over until I can afford.
Bad taste is worth the restful sleep. "
"Before taking this, I had general anxiety, worries, a little bit of OCD, a lot of social anxiety. Here is my experience:
First month or so: LOTS of side effects. Massive sweating for no reason, insomnia, weight gain, I can&#039;t even remember what else, maybe GI issues.  It doesn&#039;t matter, after I made it through that period, things began to get much, much better.  Does what it is supposed to do: take away the anxiety. Amazingly. I am a different person.  Only drawbacks are: decreased libido, weight gain, and a little bit of a subdued feeling. Not sure how to explain the subdued feeling, maybe that the highs aren&#039;t has high and the lows aren&#039;t nearly as low. Actually, the lows aren&#039;t a big deal at all, which is a good thing."
"Im gonna give my whole story because I know when I was reading these reviews that&#039;s all I wanted to hear just to comfort me but in a short version because the limit of words...
-Had my period on June 23-26
-Had protected sex but the condom broke and my boyfriend came in me on July 3 which was 5 to 6 days before ovulation
-Took the pill 30-45 minutes after the incident 
-I had severe nausea, dizziness, breast tenderness that hurt to the touch, fatigue and slight cramps for a week and a half
-On the second week July 17 I started bleeding brownish at first that turned into a dark red and bleed for 5 days (TMI I know I&#039;m sorry) but the pill works! I started a week before my expected period so don&#039;t worry girls you&#039;ll be okay!!!"
"It works! I&#039;ve been on Contrave three months and I have  lost 27.5 lbs. My beginning weight was 219. The key is to drink plenty of water at least 80 oz a day, eat small healthy meals and please don&#039;t eat high fat foods. If you should over eat expect to pay for it. The food does not stay down and you will feel sick. I take the pills as prescribed by my doctor to reduce any side effects. This is a life change for me and I will not go back to eating heavy meals ever. I do plan to add an exercise program or start  walking  every day to maximize the weight lost."
"This is my second time on Wellbutrin XL. I took it once when I was 14-15 with no negative side effects and I&#039;m now 18. My doctor started me on 150mg and then bumped me up to 300mg and it helped so much. This time when I started, I got headaches for the first 10 days which were pretty bad sometimes but it was worth sticking them out (I had headaches during depression anyway). And for a period of 1-2 weeks I would wake up in the middle of the night for no reason but I could usually always go back to sleep. I have more energy and I don&#039;t dwell on things as much. Overall, very satisfied."
"Before starting on this drug I was going through a nasty cycle of UTIs &amp; thrush. I would get a UTI due to intercourse, &amp; after taking antibiotics to treat it I would then develop thrush. The cycle happened about 7 or 8 times over the course of a year, even though my husband &amp; I were taking every preventative measure possible and following drs advice (wash before and after, pee within 5 minutes, drink lots of water etc). I even saw a urologist to try &amp; get to the bottom of it. I couldn&#039;t break the cycle until I was prescribed this. I don&#039;t take it daily; after we have had intercourse I take one as a preventative. Since starting this medication I have not had one UTI. I have no side effects. It has greatly improved my quality of life."
"Been on this med for a year. Haven&#039;t ended up in the hospital since for panic disorder and depression. It makes my mood stable and gives me energy and motivation to live life. I&#039;m in my mid 20s and am lucky how much this drug has helped me. My anxiety and panic disorder can be frightening, plus the depression aspects can make for a scared and crying disaster. The negatives I&#039;ve had on this was when I first started I could not eat. But that side effect did go away after a few weeks. The other side effect is not being able to fall asleep without some sort of drug to slow my brain down. I&#039;ve been on a combination of mood drugs. I plan to stay on Prozac."
"I am 24. I had been getting more anxious and depressed from my senior year of high school. It got to the point that I was having panic attacks on a weekly basis my second year of college. I was very wary of social situations,  barely slept most nights, and just felt negative all the time. Originally I was put on lexapro and tried it for about 6 months during my student teaching semester of graduate school. The panic attacks did stop and I felt less anxious but I also felt like my emotions were way off. It&#039;s like that were trapped in a box and while I want exactly sad, I was never happy. Doctor switched me to sertraline and lunesta, then upped the sertraline after a couple of months. Now I feel the best I&#039;ve ever felt in my life!"
"I am 21 years old, I was first put on microgestion at the age of 15, my freshmen year of high school because my anxiety was so bad. When I graduated high school 4 years later I tried another pill- made me gain weight, Nuva ring made me nauseous every single day for 3 months, then another pill. Then I figured I&#039;d just go for the IUD. Worst decision I ever made. Getting it inserted was the most painful thing I&#039;ve ever experienced and for 3 days after I literally had &quot;labor pains&quot; I stayed with it for 6 months and completely lost my sex drive and when I got it removed I had my period for 3 weeks. I went back to microgestion last week and it&#039;s the best decision for me and I&#039;ve never had a single problem or scare. I love it!"
"Me and my boyfriend  ended up having unprotected sex i and wasn&#039;t sure if he pulled out in time. So he bought me this product the next day. I&#039;m reading the box and I kinda refused to take it because I hate pills and the effect it said it would do, but I took it. Became dizzy and that was it. But I am still waiting for my period!"
"My 78 year old mom we have bin taking her to the doctors for the last 5 months with what we thought was or doctors thought were UTI&#039;s no its yeast, no its bladder, no just lots of sugar in the urine but she&#039;s not eating sugar. Yesterday the doctor called me to say stop giving her Invokana she was urinating every 10 min and so called infections she&#039;s had for 5 months couldn&#039;t believe it. No body could figure it out I told them she&#039;s dehydrated he looked at her today and said yes .This was yesterday"
"I took this when my jaw and face muscles were hurting, and Advil itself was not taking it away completely. I took this with 400MG of Ibuprofen, went to sleep, and woke up and the pain was completely gone. It did give me weird dreams, but it&#039;s worth it to me to get rid of the pain finally.
It also makes me tired, so I only would take it at night, or when I know I don&#039;t have to drive or do anything for the rest of the day."
"I&#039;m 20 years old and have had issues with my bladder for about a year now. This is the first medication I&#039;ve taken and it has done nothing for me. Didn&#039;t get any side effects but didn&#039;t see any improvement in my frequency or urgency. Complete dud."
"300 lithium, klonopin, 20 Latuda...I took the latuda for 3 weeks. With in 2 days it made me emotional.. I cried about everything. I thought maybe it was a temporary side effect.. after 3 weeks I quit taking it, I couldn&#039;t handle being so emotional. I&#039;ve been off 4 days and I feel like I have regressed."
"I had Mirena inserted at age 21, no chidren, had preivously tried every birth control under the sun. Insertion was very painful, i nearly passed out. Severe cramping lasted for 2-3 days, I was not able to stand up straight due to pain. After that, I cramped for about a week and a half. Spotted for the first few months, but it was tolerable. Periods had all but completely stopped after 6months. Around 9 months iIstarted to see an increase in acne. After 1.5 years the acne turned into severe rosacea and cystic acne. I didn&#039;t want to even leave the house - my skin was unbearably flaky and red. I was convinced it was the Mirena, though all doctors disagreed. I had it removed and a few days later the rosacea was almost completely gone."
"I have suffered from TMJ issues for many years and was prescribed many pain meds but the narcotics made me very ill.  I started taking Ultram ER 200mg and for once I could actually function in the real world!  I recommend anyone needing long-term pain relief to look into Ultram ER"
"Saved my life. Saved my family. Find a doctor that understands addiction and take the step. It works."
"I have ulcerative sigmoiditis &amp; proctitis. I couldn&#039;t retain rowasa very long. The GE switched me to sulfasalazine, first 4/day which worked for a few months, then 8/day which worked for two-three years. I still had flare-ups a few times per year. Then he upped it to 16/day, but that only worked for about a year. I was having flare-ups all the time, I was tired of taking pills, so I asked my PCP to try me on another drug, Apriso. I was in the middle of a flare-up, so it took a few weeks to kick in. But that&#039;s the last flare up I&#039;ve had. It&#039;s 4 capsules only, once per day, and I haven&#039;t had a flare-up since I started taking it about 5 years ago. I have not noticed any side effects."
"I left a review once before, but have to add to it. I took this medicine for awhile &amp; it helped stabilize my mood. Everything was great, until one day I noticed I was secreting breast milk. The doctor checked my prolactin level &amp; it was very high. It was in the 100&#039;s. I had to stop taking this medicine, which is unfortunate."
"I&#039;ve been on NR for about three weeks and I just took it out. The very first side effect I noticed was acne. I&#039;ve never had acne before until I started this. My face was covered! I had brown discharge after the first week, which I know was normal, but I occasionally got this foul smell and more discharge. It hurt too much to have it in during intercourse and it bothered my boyfriend too, it never stayed in good, I could always feel it at the opening of my vagina, but what made me take it out is the itchiness and burning feeling I get from it!! I couldn&#039;t take it. Honestly I felt gross the whole time having something inside of me all the time."
"I am not stranger to antibiotics for U.T.I. infections. Just 2 weeks ago was subscribed Cipro the normal is 3 day. This medication did not help me I even got worse with the spasms, frequency and burning. I&#039;m not saying the medication made it worse just saying it doesn&#039;t work. I&#039;m on something different and waiting on a culture since my problem got much worse."
"I feel taking this medication was a trade off, I exchanged pain reaching from my lymph node to the top of my head for frequent bowel movements, nausea, severe sleepiness, irritability, weakness, headaches and loss off appitite. 
The first two days everything was going okay and the inital pain I went to the ER for had subsided. On day three, the side effects started kicking in. I don&#039;t think I have C-Diff based on the symptoms but the side effects have me feeling totally out of it. Almost comparable to a dream state. 
It seems to be doing it&#039;s job but with other problems arising."
"I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis 2 years ago and this is the 1st medicine I&#039;ve tried and hopefully the only! I&#039;ve only had 1 relapse since I&#039;ve been on it and only side effects I&#039;ve had (other than the after shot reaction which I&#039;ve had 2 times, and isn&#039;t as bad as it sounds if you know it can happen) are redness, swelling and itching at injection site and weight loss (which I&#039;m not complaining about). Sure everyone&#039;s response will be different, just like MS is different for everyone, but I&#039;m very happy with this therapy and got over the fear of needles quickly. Actually I feel empowered when I take my injection."
"I have been given the 290 samples and I&#039;m usually tied down to the toilet for about 3 to 4 hours afterwards. I&#039;ve only been on the 290mcg for three days. I called my doctor to see if I could get the 145mcg and I am starting those tomorrow. I do have to say my cramps have gone down tremendously even though I get then here and there. But nothing what they used to be. Here&#039;s to hoping the 145 works better!"
"First time using BC and the procedure wasn&#039;t too bad. Just the initial pain during insertion hurt pretty bad but just for 45 seconds. I cramped for about a week. I then haven&#039;t experienced a heavy period, just spotting and light bleeding. My only issue with this is having some symptoms of pregnancy which is common but I am a bit paranoid all the time that I could be. I&#039;ve just got married 3 months ago and had liletta inserted 4 and a half months ago. My husband and I started using condoms as a second form of protection.  But we are not sure how long we will use it for, we really are not trying to get pregnant."
"I was addicted to the most powerful opioid carfentanil unknowingly and the withdrawals are so bad that they can be fatal. The first day I tried to quit I took an 8mg sub and it didn&#039;t even help and I had to be rushed to the hospital. So I relapsed the next three days. Then I finally found out what I had been taking and decided to go to ER the next day and tell them. I told them to keep me cause I didn&#039;t know what would work. The doctor told me he&#039;d prescribe clonodine and send me home. I never heard of that and didn&#039;t think it would work so I pleaded with him for me to stay. That didn&#039;t work. So I got them filled and took them and they kicked my withdrawals ass. Way better than a suboxone."
"I&#039;m a 52 year old women, moderately active through golfing and walking, and a relatively healthy eater who never has dieted and didn&#039;t need to.  Menopause, age, activity level and metabolism has each contributed to a 35-40 lbs weight gain.  After a year of increased activity and reduction of calories and carbs such as pasta, potatoes and breads, I was not able to really maintain a 5-10lbs weight loss if I didn&#039;t walk at least 5 miles each day.  I noticed there was an overall reduction in energy.  My doctor had been on this journey with me; food journals to now Phen. 37.5 mg.  In 12 days I&#039;ve lost 8.6 lbs.  I do have a dry mouth and a suppressed appetite which I hope over the 3 month prescription will help me to reduce portions considerably."
"I tried compounded creams and they didn&#039;t work for me. Only one week on this patch and my hot flashes are almost none and I&#039;m sleeping much better."
"I have been taking Keppra for 4 years. When I keep up with 2000mg dose daily I rarely have seizures anymore. When I go off the medicines they come back. I would have to say it does the trick with minimal side effects."
"I had been on another birth control pill for a very long time and switched to Sprintec because of insurance.  After starting Sprintec I had breakthrough bleeding for about 2 weeks before my regular period was scheduled to begin.  I have been having breakthrough bleeding (which started similar to a very light period and is now down to some spotting) for about 2 weeks now.  "
"I am constipated due to 6 auto-immune diseases and all the medications I have to take.  It was first time I ever needed this type of medication.  I have a high tolerance level but something told me to try a half dose.

I can say it 100% worked and worked too well, quick too.  I would make sure I have a night with the only plan is to take care of myself."
"This only drug, after my doctor tried several, that works for me. The packets are the best but since Medicare supplements rx does not want to cover the price went up to 3000 for 90 days. So I&#039;m on the generic pill because of the expense. Since this drug puts me in donut hole with medicare a month supply of this generic drug cost over 400 dollars. So you pay.  We suffer the affects while these drug companies are make a killing.  This a really really good drug for stomach suffers."
"I don&#039;t recommend this shot to anyone!!!  Especially, if you plan on having kids in the future.  It caused my daughter to become sterile.  At the ripe age of 19 years old, she is told she is going through menopause and will never have kids on her own."
"I&#039;ve been on sprintec for close to two years now. As of late, I have experienced horrible side effects. I have had major constipation that has caused severe anal fissures. I have had heightened anxiety and depression in the last 8 months. Abdominal pain, bloating etc. I seriously thought something was wrong with my health. I had abdominal and vaginal ultrasounds, urine and blood tests, STD tests and everything came back fine. Yet, the symptoms still continued. I was scared and hopeless, as these were things I had never experienced in my life. It wasn&#039;t until recently after doing research and talking with my friends, that I realized sprintec was causing these exact symptoms I was experiencing. I decided after my last pack to stop the pill."
"Clonidine has been very effective in reducing both the intensity and frequency of my hot flushes and night sweats.  At first I thought the drug would not work for me.  It took a full month to see an effect as it is very subtle at first.  Initial fatigue and dry mouth were troubling, but both have resolved themselves.  Nice to get a proper night&#039;s rest again."
"It is fairly effective if taken in time. Usually with a nausea medication too. Doesn&#039;t fully resolve symptoms but takes the edge off and helps with vomiting. It is also very expensive medication."
"I might as well take niquil or Benadry! It doesn&#039;t work AT ALL!! Garbage!!!"
"I initially went on Paxil 13 years ago after suffering from major anxiety/depression. Worked great and within a month I was back to work. It gave out on me and I would get my dose increased and would than feel better once again. I made a horrible choice of stopping it cold turkey last summer and I am still paying for it now. Been back on it 20mg for a week and already feel better. This is after trying Lexapro and Prozac with negative results after approximately 6 weeks of each. I am a example that if something works and plateaus don&#039;t stop taking it, make the necessary adjustments. Paxil has saved my life once and it appears like it is again after trial and error with other drugs and treatment alternatives. Paxil is great for anxiety."
"I have done a month of this birth control, I am okay with taking the pill but something like a Nuvaring, or the Implanon would be easier for me. But this pill made me sick when I missed a day and took two so I took some Tylenol for my horrible headache (I believe that was also from Loestrin24). I haven&#039;t had any noticeable weight gain. I also have no other complaints other than the mood swings I had been throwing at my boyfriend and my family. My doctor switched me to Lo Loestrin because it is a lower dose. We will see how that goes and I&#039;ll make sure I leave a review with all that I try. Thanks for all the reviews I have read!"
"I have been in total agony with a pain that felt like I was going to be giving birth to an elephant, plus pains in each side of the abdomen and pain coming out in my lower back and rib pain. The pain made my moods and emotions full of anger, sobbing, outbursts, I felt non-human. Just no control of myself. I tried Dilaudid, and Tylenol 3&#039;s nothing worked and while in emergency I was treated with several drugs, the pain remained. Finally Dilaudid with a shot of Toradol and it took the pain, what a relief. I felt human again, I felt focused and I could see life and what was real. "
"This birth control pill has it&#039;s advantages in the fact that it gives you a very predictable period, and that&#039;s it.

The side effects outweigh the benefits. I started getting acne at 23 when I hadn&#039;t had it for years, my skin became oily, I started getting headaches that persisted all day, my appetite increased, my sleep was disrupted, and I became depressed.

The depression is the worst part. I would wake up and be horribly angry or depressed, without cause.

I&#039;m switching back to my old birth control."
"I love Aleve, but people should talk to their doctor first.  I have sometimes severe pain in my toes and severe headaches from TMJ, and the Aleve significantly cuts down on my pain from both.  Don&#039;t forget to talk to your doctor because risk of stomach bleeding and risk of heart attack rises with some users."
"I was taking Flexeril for muscle spasm&#039;s in my back. It would reliave the pain a little bit, but when I did my exercises and took Flexeril it helped. For severe pain I had to take Percocet. The two worked well together."
"Okay I just finished my first month and in that month there has been maybe  2 days that I have went the whole day without bleeding heavier then my normal period. My hair is like 3 times thinner and getting progressively worse. I&#039;m calling my doctor on Monday to switch. 
I would never recommend this to anyone. Also everytime I eat I feel awful like my stomach hurts, my head hurts and I&#039;m always tired with absolutely NO sex drive. My breasts got a little bigger but my acne got worse. Overall this pill is miserable."
"I&#039;ve tried 20+ meds over the last 30 years to treat depression. I&#039;ve had wonderful results with Fetzima and Trileptal. I&#039;ve been on the medication about 18 months now. Some GI issues, some sweating, though not as intense as others have mentioned. As I&#039;ve increased dosage I definitely experienced rage, but it subsided within a week. I&#039;ve had an increase in blood pressure, but it was already high &amp; a med adjustment solved it.  A weird side effect: I talk a lot more than I did before. I can stop myself, but the tendency is new.  I can deal with these side effects. They&#039;ve not been intense or long lasting. My depression was horrible for 7+ years. I&#039;ve gone from failed suicide attempts to feeling good again. I&#039;m very grateful for this drug."
"I have been taking Restoril for about a year and I&#039;m taking 2 30mg at night, and it did work for the first 5 years, but after trying everything else I can&#039;t complain.  I have a very hard time staying asleep so for me I don&#039;t mind the &quot;hangover&quot; feeling when I wake up because sometimes that allows me to go back to sleep.  So in short - nice medication."
"I have severe dry mouth from radiation treatment, resulting in severe tooth decay. Salagen has really helped soothe my mouth and gums"
"I took the pill around noon today, less than 12 hours after the incident. I ate a small lunch after and I feel absolutely no side effects. I&#039;m a tad tired but nothing out of the ordinary. My period is scheduled for next week. I&#039;m impatiently waiting."
"I had some minor itching and then soon realized it was a yeast infection. I&#039;ve had one before, but I had prescribed medicine for it.  This time I decided to try the over-the-counter monistat and oh gosh was I wrong! Immediately after inserting the cream I got the worst sensation ever.  It felt like I sat in a fire ant pile!  I tried walking it off. After that didn&#039;t work, I tried everything I could to get the cream out.  Sitting in a warm bath was no help.  A cold bath is what eased the pain, but as soon as I got out the pain started again.  It had me in tears.  I wish I could get my money back for this horrible product."
"My hashimotos with benign nodule was found after losing my twins to early delivery.  Endo believes this was a missed factor in my loss. My TSH was over 4. Started on levothyroxine 100 mcg was great for 2 months but by the third month my blood sugars dropped, heart was racing (palpitations ), body itching like the burn you feel after a workout, my hair was falling out, severe anxiety and I was losing 2 lbs every few days (that part I didn&#039;t mind).  I was insistent to check my TSH and it was 0.27 adjusted down to 88 mcg with an extra half tab once a week. My TSH is now 2.2 but I feel the depression and fatigue. Adjusting back up to 100 since it&#039;s been 3 years. At least now I know what to watch for. I no longer experience PCOS OR DM 2."
"I bought this gel a few years ago and stopped using it as it wasn&#039;t that effective on my skin. However recently I started applying this along with a few other products and it was great. For me, I find it most effective when I apply it twice a day on the painful cystic pimple (normally on my nose). I wash the acne prone areas on my face with a wash that has salicylic acid 2%, then use a toner with witch hazel or a cotton pad soaked with pure green tea. I apply retinoid, let it sink in and then I apply Epiduo on those areas. I think it&#039;s important to use it as spot treatment if you&#039;re overly sensitive like me. If you&#039;re feeling dry I apply a cream with hydrocortisone over it at the end. My pimple bump disappeared in two days."
"This drug made me feel crazy! Increased hallucinations, delusions and paranoia! Wouldn&#039;t recommend to anyone, stay away from this med!!!"
"I have a problem with recurring bronchitis because of asthma. When this happens I cough a lot. The Tussionex is a life saver for me. It stops the cough that nothing else has ever stopped. It makes me sleepy, but the cough is paralyzing so it&#039;s well worth it. The price makes me very thankful for my health insurance."
"Was getting severe migraines.  Tried aspirin and Motrin.  Both didn&#039;t work at all.  I needed something stronger.  My doctor then prescribed Sprix nasal spray.  She told me to spray to the outer part of my nostrils and to only breathe through my mouth (do not breathe through nose or sniff otherwise you will feel a burning sensation like others I&#039;ve read on here).  I did exactly on how she instructed and AMAZINGLY the migraine was gone in 5 minutes. And there was no burning sensation at all.  I love Sprix.  It&#039;s now my go to medicine to relieve my migraine."
"Implanon is the easiest form of birth control out there, in my opinion.  You don&#039;t have to remember to take a pill everyday or even do anything on a monthly basis. I got Implanon inserted in July, while I was on my period and it became effective after I was done with my period. I had it for only 2 days before I got married and it is working because I am not pregnant. I have not noticed any side effects other than my periods only come every other month and last for 2-3 weeks at a time, but the flow and cramps are really minimal from what they used to be.  No weight gain, mood swings or anything else. I recommend Implanon to everyone looking for a birth control. I will never use anything else."
"I was tried on numerous medications for my chronic pain. When I took my first dose of methadone, I was &quot;nearly&quot; pain free for half the day and the dose doesn&#039;t need to be increased as often as it did on other drugs such as Oxycontin. For break through pain I only need an anti-inflammatory or another mild narcotic such as Percocet, and only rarely.
I think this is a great drug for pain!"
"I have had constipation for months since taking Pain meds that I need for extreme back pain. The constipation has been so bad that it has made my back pain even worse. My doc gave me movantik and it has truly saved my life. It has regulated me, and made me regular again with hardly any straining. I cannot say enough good things about movantik and how it&#039;s been a game changer for me. Amazing!"
"I just turn 18 , never been on birth control before and I started taking the pills the first day I got my period. Aug 7. I&#039;ve been taking the pills everyday around 11:30pm and Im still bleeding August 20th. The m period changed from light to heavy , dark brown to red with blood clots . It&#039;s completely horrible"
"Awesome"
"I started Cymbalta two months ago (60mg/day) for moderate depression and anxiety. It has been a roller coaster ride and I am now stepping off luckily. I have experienced many of the side effects after 3 weeks including blurred vision, tremors, itching, cold hands, night sweats, no appetite, no libido, horrible insomnia. 
I begun sleeping all (days) with a detached feeling and no desire to see friends or family. 
It initially helped with my depression so I was optimistic since I have never had any positive experience with any antidepressants. However, it took me into a whirlwind of nervous energy at week three, to a flat washed out two weeks ago. Two days ago I stopped cold turkey. I feel better already."
"I switched from another pill to this one because of side effects of the other pill. This pill regulated my moods, and increased my chest size and sex drive. However, I gained 12lbs in less than 6 months and was unable to lose it despite diet and exercise. It also gave me dangerously high blood pressure which went back down when I switched off of it. So if you are worried about weight gain and blood pressure this isn&#039;t the pill for you. Periods were also heavier than on the previous pill I was on."
"Honestly the worst medicine ever. People who invented should be sued. I mean what we&#039;re they thinking????? It sent my mom to ER after 3 days and she was admitted for 8 days in hospital. She is still recovering. It will give you tons of pain all over your body, head, jaw, and more. It will make you unstable. I mean seriously the inventor of this medicine should be cursed the rest of his or her life. "
"Just started a couple of weeks ago. The berry flavored version tastes lots better than the doctor&#039;s samples. The medicine itself is great. It doesn&#039;t help with sleep at night but I am much more energetic during the day and I have stopped taking the Risperdal. I take 5mg Saphris in the evening."
"I have degenerative Disks in my neck and lower back of which I was using many forms of Medications. 
Now that I am battling Cancer, my Oncologist put me on Liquid type Morphine every 4 hrs... I have started out at 30mg Kadian, a 24 hr release to help relieve the combination of All my issues. Always stay Hydrated and use a stool softener. Good Luck."
"I love this birth control it&#039;s very effective. I get my period once or twice a year which is awesome. I don&#039;t have any side effects which is great. But I only have one complain I got a Lump on my breast. Thank goodness it&#039;s not cancer but it&#039;s painful.  I am currently taking antibiotics because that lump turn into an infection. I&#039;m about to remove the nexplanon and get another implant. Just because I don&#039;t think that the lump is that serious."
"I have had migraines for years now (about 8). At first I didn&#039;t take anything special other than Advil. After a while my migraines got worse and I had to get something else. My doctor told me to try Cafergot. It did help a lot on the pain of the migraine but I still had to lay down in a dark room, face in a pillow, and a trash can ready since migraines make me feel nauseous. After about 3 hours I was able to get out of bed but was really exhausted. 

Cafergot did help with the headache and I think it would have been better if I had an anti-nausea medicine from keeping myself to throw up. "
"I have been on this medication since January 1st and have lost 26 pounds in addition to working out 3-4 times a week for a hour I love this medication takes away appetite. The only side effects are dry mouth and constipation and my doctor has me taking miralax for that"
"I use this for both motion sickness and severe migraines, I&#039;m 25 years old and this actually takes away the hurt from noise, light, touch and yes dizziness and vomiting. I can actually move and participate with my family this Christmas. Rarely do I mix it, if anything I just take max dosage recommended."
"I have a herniated dic at C6-7 from an auto accident, 1 year ago.  I&#039;ve tried everything.  I&#039;ve had multiple trigger point injections and epidurals for the constant spams throughout my shoulders, neck and scapula.  The combination of 1 year of injections and 1 week of Amrix. I can see a possibility of returning to work, without surgery, I hope.  I still take pain medicine&#039;s, anti-inflammatory medicines and Lyrica.  The Amrix has given everything a boost."
"After reading all these reviews I almost cancelled my appointment! I didn&#039;t have my usual gyno (got stuck with a random &quot;anti birth control ob&quot; who was insulting, maybe hitting on me, and at same time really nice. I was fine with it; it was just so weird I can&#039;t even wrap my head around it) BUT, he did a good job during the procedure and thats what mattered. I was prepared for the pain and he told me what to expect, had me breathe deeply and man it hurt, but I have had worse. It was very quick which I liked. I&#039;m cramping a bit now, bleeding steadily. Taking it easy. I&#039;m a bit worried about the copper threads. I reached down and I&#039;m pretty sure I felt them without really reaching in. We shall see. I hope it doesn&#039;t just fall out on me :("
"I was on Praluent for a year no side effects, cholesterol was great. Insurance wanted me to switch to Rapetha, after 2nd injection noticed constant stomach pain, constant diarrhea, and I have vivid dreams all night and wake up exhausted. I called my doctor to go back to Praluent, I cannot take the side effects."
"For me it kind of resets my brain. Without Naltrexone I can nurse my first beer for 30 minutes, the second beer for 15-20 minutes but after that I just start binge drinking til I fall asleep with a blackout.

I use the Sinclair method and try to take one pill one hour before I start drinking. But sometimes I don&#039;t want to - if I&#039;m honest. But four or five beers into my drinking I take not 50 but 75 mg and I lose interested in the booze. Instead of that hunger and craving it just turns into &quot;meh&quot; and I stop drinking. 

It is just amazing."
"Great at first, then you titrate up, and eventually you plateau and realize it&#039;s not working as well as it did and you&#039;re a junkie if you keep jacking up the dosage.  I gave it up and don&#039;t miss it."
"This birth control works fine. I have no complaints about it. However the company just changed their packaging to a larger size which does not fit discreetly into my pocket or makeup pouch as easily. I will find a medication to replace it for this reason or upgrade to an IUD.  It seems like packaging would not be such a big deal but I feel the update was not necessary and I am a very private person."
"Remeron is great for insomnia, start with very small doses and work up. I use the dissolving tablets, easier to break up. Immediately stopped my anxiety. Drawbacks are increased appetite and after prolonged periods of consumption it can affect your blood pressure regulation, mostly noticeable when you stand up fast. Excellent for stopping the racing thoughts. It can be difficult waking up in the beginning but this gets better with time. It also suppressed my sex drive. All in all excellent for those who have tried everything, gotten hooked, suffered withdrawals from the &quot;pines&quot; and need something for sleep."
"I actually didn&#039;t have the reaction most of the women here listed. I did have some mild burning/discomfort, but nothing to lose sleep over. It actually was instant relief for the yeast infection I had and I have them chronically. I got the Tioconizole by Equate and was horrified reading these reviews that I would wake up in pain, but I didn&#039;t. I guess everyone is different. I did have some spotting once I woke up, but I was otherwise fine."
"After getting the shot while I was on my period , not a week later I bled like I never have , cramps so bad I can&#039;t get out of bed my entire body hurts . I&#039;m not sure about getting the shot again ."
"This medication is AMAZING!  
It actually WORKS!  
Stick through the initial- additional- breaking out while your skin detoxifies.  It may take 4-6 weeks to begin seeing clearer skin.  
I have battled with acne since I was 13 years old.  I&#039;m 38.  And have FINALLY been able to achieve the most beautiful, radiant skin I have EVER had.  
I wash with Cetaphil, follow with Neutrogena Alcohol free toner, Clean &#039;n Clear Benzoyl Peroxide 10 and use Aveeno Positively Radiant moisturizer SPF 15 in the AM.  Wash, tone and then Epiduo Forte in the PM.  As a female, you may need to consider whether hormones are the primary cause of your acne.  I have used OrthoTricyclin in combination with the Epiduo Forte.  Match made in heaven.  "
"Accutane is the king of acne treatments. I took this medicine about 3 weeks ago. I don&#039;t know why does my body react so fast with this medicine. My face now is 80% clear, and I feel so much more confident. I recommend that asking your der for this drug, it&#039; amazing guys."
"I am 18 years old and I started this seasonal birth control a 3 months ago. I have had on and off bleeding and major cramps. One day at school, I was starting to see double and I was feeling extremely dizzy. 15 minutes later, my mother picked me up and I started to have numbness in my arms and started to loose my speech. I went to the hospital and got brain scans and the tested my whole body. But everything ended up normal. The doctor said it was rare for someone at my age to get a TIA but it was possible but in my case it was minor. I have had tremendous weight gain and more acne. I  tried to stick with it at first because I said it has to be at least 3 months. I have immediately stopped taking it and my symptoms are all gone."
"I love this pill but one side effect I get is definitely a decreased Libido....:( I&#039;m going to look at natural ways to increase it and if no luck look at changing pills. But on the bright side, no periods, no other effect AT ALL)!"
"This stuff works really well. I never imagined that there was a pill that could make you stop vomiting.  When I was very sick yesterday and could non stop throwing up, I took this and it stopped completely.  Two thumbs up."
"I&#039;ve been taking Victoza for 2 months, up to full dose.  Side effects, gas and sulphur burps and acid reflux.  What I have realized is that this medicine actually makes your stomach empty slower into the smaller intestine.  Imagine you have a chemically induced lap-band.  You cannot eat what you were use to, your stomach is half full to begin with.  So with alot of trial and error you will figure out the eating habits to prevent the reflux and such.  I am planning on eliminating dinner, just a nestle&#039; Boost and maybe cheese and grapes later but want to do just the boost.  So I hope major weight loss comes soon.  I will let you know."
"I&#039;ve been on YAZ for about 2 years now.  It was my first birth control. About 9 months in I did have some spotting for about 3 months but it was also during a stressful time of my life.  Other than that I haven&#039;t had any bad experiences.  Because of a thyroid condition I have my period wasn&#039;t regular.  Now since taking YAZ I have my period down to the hour it starts.  Curious to see what is so new about Beyaz other than the folic acid."
"I have been on it for 5 days for strep throat And seen a bit of progress but not much. And I get a very upset tummy. Also makes me  cough making me gag, making me want to throw up"
"I tried the free 2 week supply of Belviq. I did not notice a thing. It did not
curve my appetite.  I kept waiting but I did not lose any weight. It costs over 200 dollars for 30 day supply."
"I took effexor for almost 7 years, the worst years of my life. I was angry and furious all the time, my anxiety was horrible and I cannot say it helps with the depression. I realised that effexor change my pesonality when I stop to take it and some how I was back to normal, except that my memory was very poor. To avoid the withdrawal my family doctor put my on cipralex, which give me palpitations, and after Zoloft that did nothing to me, remeron which worked for 3 months (helped me enormous with my insomnia) and after no more benefits and 10 kg more, water retention , I tried for 1 week Prozac and I woke up in a full panic attack at 4 o clock in the morning, horrible. Now I am taking only clonazepam as needed 0.5mg and is working like a charm"
"I&#039;m a 63 yr old female, living alone. I&#039;ve been on generic Lexapro since March 2016, 10mg. My dr. prescribed this after I described my high level of stress and anxiety, which caused sleepless nights. My extreme stress has been related to dealing with my elderly mother, who has signs of senility , but insists on living alone. There are other issues involved, but the point is: I&#039;m 90% better. This medicine has &#039;fully kicked in&#039;, and I feel like a renewed person, with a greater quality of life. Sleeping through the night, and able to function &amp; feel normal again. No words to describe the positive changes. Grateful this medicine worked for me!"
"I have taken BP medications for 10 years. I decided it was time to get my act together.  I changed to a healthy lifestyle. I eat healthy, exercise and lost 120 lbs. My old BP medication worked great, but due to my lifestyle change, it got to the point where it needed to be adjusted due to low BP.  My Dr put me on this and it has wrecked me. I have chest pains, nausea, cold feet and hands, and lethargy. I thought I was dying."
"So I have been taking prazosin for over two years now. I started off in hospitals with a big breakdown and my anxiety shot through the roof. I had three awful experiences in a three year time span not to mention things that were added on during childhood. After going through countless medicines and finally telling my doctor what happened to me I was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder. I started prazosin and went from having to re-live my experiences vividly and in a continuous loop all day, feeling everything that happened, constantly wanting to tear off my skin, couldn&#039;t talk to the opposite sex, depression, and anxiety attacks, in my nightmares to a nightmare every two weeks flashbacks on only days close to the events and rarely any anxiety. A miracle!"
"Felt very rested for once and pain went away."
"I had my paragard placed when I was 19 and I have never had any kids. I did a lot of research before I asked my gyno if it was a good option for me. I asked her at least 10 questions about the paragard, how it works, how it&#039;s placed, the side effects, and how many paragard she had placed. Asking my doctor those questions really helped put my mind at ease. She had me come to the office to have it placed the second day of my period because my cervix was soft and the actual insertion was uncomfortable but still tolerable. The one side effect I have had was my hair thinned out and became a little more brittle for about six months but that stopped after a while too. My periods are a little bit heavier than before but are still regular."
"I am new to Nexplanon - about two and a half weeks - so I cannot speak to long term use, but I thought I&#039;d use this forum to chronicle my experience. 

So far, no major issues. I had it inserted on the first day of my first post-abortion period. The period was a bit heavier and lasted longer than my normal, but I knew the post-ab period might do that. I continued to spot for the new week and a half, but I&#039;ve been two days spot-free. 

I have experienced a couple bad headaches (which isn&#039;t typical for me) and what seems like a loss of appetite. I exercise frequently, and my muscle soreness has increased, but I cannot confirm the implant has had any affect on that. So far, I&#039;m looking forward to sticking this out. I&#039;ll update as use continues"
"Been on Abilify for 7 weeks now, starting at 5mg and increasing to 10mg 2 weeks ago. Worked within a day or 2 in that I could function again and has continued to mostly inmprove my depression although I do still have bad days I think this is a great drug"
"I hate this birth control. I have gained excess weight, which never happened to me on any other b.c., and my PMDD is worse.
My doc gave it to me bc I get severe headaches the week before, of, and after my period. So basically 3 of 4 wks in a month. And I was having horrible mood swings. Extreme PMS...as I said PMDD. This was supposed to help bc of lower levels and regulating hormones.
Other than less severe headaches nothing has been lessened and I have gained 20lbs that won&#039;t go away. I am quitting this pill today."
"I have been taking Buspar for 6 months now. It gave me my life back. My anxiety was so bad I could hardly function. I almost died a few years ago and since then my anxiety about my health and death was overwhelming. I love Buspar and I pray it continues to work. I take 30 mg twice a day. No side effects, just a little light headed for a few minutes but nothing serious. "
"I am a mother of 3 kids 33 and have anxiety/depression  I was on Effexor 150 mg &quot; this should be illegal! &quot; didn&#039;t work and If a dose was missed it felt like few hours of a drug &quot;rush&quot; like speed or cocaine...intense night sweats highly addictive AVOID! , Celexa
 &quot; had bad sexual side effects&quot;, zoloft &quot;robot drug&quot;. I am getting back to Elavil 10 mg.  Elavil is great I feel happy on it . It makes me enjoy life and little things again. I don&#039;t  need to take much for it to work and I have no side effects at all on a  10 mg daily dose. I felt sleepy for two weeks when I started but it resorbs and you can then feel its full beneficial effects quickly general  mood elevation and good feeling&quot;. Anxiety is under control on it and I sleep better."
"I had been on Beyaz for 4 years before this pill until my health insurance changed and could no longer cover it. The pros and cons are about half and half for me for Loestrin. I did gain weight on this...about 7 pounds, of course all around the love handle/lower stomach/thigh area. My acne is WAY worse. However, aside from those 2 negatives I like this pill more than Beyaz because I definitely have a better mood, more energy, and a higher sex drive/wetness. My periods are also lighter and shorter."
"I&#039;ve been on this for about 7 months, I hate it and ready to go to another pill. When I started taking it I felt pregnant, I&#039;ve gained about 15 lbs since, last month had light spotting for 2 weeks. I will not recommend this pill."
"My first day on Belviq. 43 yo male - 243lbs. I had a freaky illness about 4 years ago that shook me to my core. Suffered from severe anxiety after the whole ordeal. My doc put my on Zoloft to combat the anxiety (did the trick) but I gained 25 pounds in the process. Finally stopped Zoloft but haven&#039;t been able to shed the weight despite running 3 marathons &amp; eating well. Recently approached my doc about Belviq (after great reviews on this site). After some blood tests, she prescribed it. I am sensitive to meds so I was quite nervous popping the first pill. Pretty quickly I felt a happy, a little revved-up and no much of an appetite. Stayed that way all day. No headache or dizziness so far. Fingers-crossed this is going to work."
"Glad works for some. I had nausea vomiting taking it with food. Panic attacks with racing heart rate  which I&#039;ve never had before. Muscle dyskinesia of jaw. What made it worse was because it wasn&#039;t helping my depression , my psych kept upping dose &quot; to see&quot; if that worked. Worse drug I&#039;ve ever been on &amp; hope your caretakers pay attention to your side effects."
"20 pound weight gain in 3 months"
"What they didn&#039;t tell me is how dependent you get on it. It started off I could miss a few days and not feel anything. Then I would feel it if I missed one or 2 days but I would just be a little more down. Now if I miss a day I can&#039;t function and if I miss 2 it gets really scary. It&#039;s only happened once or twice while I&#039;ve been on it but by the second or third day missed I am not myself. I&#039;m anxious, my jaw hurts, I can&#039;t sleep, crying fits are common, vomiting and headaches are constant. During this time there are stages that are worse than other but &#039;brain zaps&#039; and dizziness are common. I&#039;ve also seen and heard things and overall it feels like you are high and is the most awful thing I&#039;ve ever experienced. It&#039;s made the med not worth it."
"The first week or two on lo loestrin fe went really well for me. I had very minimal side effects. However, as my first menstrual cycle on the pill came around, everything seemed to change. It wasn&#039;t an awful period, it was actually light with minimal cramping. But during this time I realized my digestion was completely off and I developed acid reflux (which I&#039;d never dealt with before). Constant headaches and brain fog became the norm for me, as well as nauseousness and abdominal pain. I also became way more fatigued, and even developed dry mouth. Before starting this medication I felt completely fine, but four months later I feel worse than ever. Am stopping this medication as soon as this month ends."
"I learned to sail keelboats 8 years ago.  I love it, but am prone to seasickness. I tried ginger initially but that was ineffective.  Then a friend suggested Bonine and I have used it ever since.  I don&#039;t feel drowsy while sailing, but on the drive home after sailing and all the next day I can be very drowsy.  To combat the drowsiness I tried reducing my dose, I now take 1/3-1/2 a tablet each time I go out (once or twice a week), increasing the dose up to 1-1/2 tablets if I expect rough seas.  Over the 7 years of twice a week use, I have only had trouble twice in stormy 6 ft seas.  Highly recommend, but figure out your best dose.   I have taken it for up to 10 days continuously without ill effects."
"I took one of these and felt nearly suicidal within a few hours. The warning labels say if you have previously experienced &quot;certain psychiatric conditions&quot; then you should not take the medication. Well, those conditions include garden-variety depression which a pretty large percentage of the population has experienced. "
"One month today went to Dr for refill. Down 16 pounds!! I do waitress so that helps constantly walking at work. Adipex just keeps me from constantly thinking about food. First couple days restless can&#039;t sleep...learn to take it first thing in the morning so by bed time its ok."
"Started amitrip. For Fibromyalgia  5 weeks ago @10mg. I started it on a Friday night after reading the reviews in case it made me groggy.  The first two night/mornings I slept significantly throughout the day.  But by Monday morning I was fine, and up by my usual 5:30am school route to take my children to school.  I felt a slight difference.    No other side effects. My pain was still there but just slightly less.  Doctor moved me to 20mgs after 3 weeks.  Again, groggyness but only the first day.  But wow!,  I noticed my pain is about 75% gone after the 3rd day or so. I still get pain if I over work myself.  But I just need to moderate my self.  Looking forward, hoping the next increase will be my miracle.  Very happy!"
"Works awesome, put me back on my feet in 2 days. I didn&#039;t experience any side effects. The only bad part was the price."
"I have been on a small dose of this for about a month.  It has done wonders for me!  I have struggled with anxiety my entire life and have been on several different meds over the years.  This has really helped to calm me down.  I have even lost about 7 lbs over the past month because it is curbing my desire for food.  Everyone notices the difference."
"Developed atrial flutter then atrial fibrillation several years post-op. This and beta-blocker really straightened it out. Cardiologist took me off Coumadin a few years ago for a month. He had to put me back on it due to flutter that just wouldn&#039;t quit... took a few weeks to straighten me out again. It was his idea, not mine. Only drawback is monitoring amount of green vegetables eaten every day and need a PT drawn every 2 weeks or so."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication since I was 17. I&#039;m now 25 so roughly 8 years. I was off of it for a few months also. I&#039;ve never been pregnant or gained weight. They do cause sore breasts but it eventaully goes away. Only take as they prescribed. I missed a few days once and took the pills all at one time. I did have pain and bleeding. But if taken regularly and correctly I&#039;ve  had a positive experience"
"Smoked for 22 years I was one of thise smokers who tried to quit lots but then resigned to the excuse that I loved to smoke. Just over a week ago I mentally decided that I was not a smoker. I started zyban on the second day I quit and smoked 2 that day, one the next, and half the next. That last half, I knew it was the last. As with these other stories I was addicted. Tried everything. Champix, patches, quit help lines and support etc so I was sceptical but determined. I really can not believe how well it has worked. I&#039;m not grumpy, no cravings and no side effects as yet. I also take the gum with it but it&#039;s not a need just a back up. Can&#039;t recommend this enough."
"Triumeq is brilliant. No side effects. Easy to take."
"I have taken Bydureon for four weeks. My initial injection was done at the doctor&#039;s office with a nurse standing by. I had a few moments of nausea, but they were rare and far between. My nausea would only get worse the day before I took the next dose. When I took my third dose however, I got the worse burning rash that grew to the size of a dollar bill. It still hasn&#039;t completely gone away. My doctor suggested changing the site of the injection. Within an hour of the fourth injection (on my thigh) a burning rash appeared. The doctor is switching me to Victoza. Other than the rash. I lost 10 pounds in the first two weeks because of lost of appetite."
"I went on this pill to help with the cramps I had, lasted two weeks long sometimes! Made it impossible to run. I&#039;ve been on the pill about 9 months now and I absolutely love it. I don&#039;t have a period AT ALL and I feel like myself. I used to have constant mood changes, but the pill helped a ton with that. I would recommend this pill for anyone wanting to prevent pregnancy and never want to have a period again."
"First off learn how to rate things you can&#039;t possibly give this medicine one star and expect people to take you serious just because you have a weak stomach or you naturally suffer from anxiety this medicine does what it&#039;s intended to do been on it for about a weak and the only bad side effect is having a stomach ache after meals which I then lay down and it goes away after about a half an hour. It&#039;s a decent med.  As far as anxiety goes - if u have it it is not the medicine causing it, it&#039;s the fact that you have anxiety and its also probably a huge contributor to your blood pressure in the first place"
"I had horrible congestion feeling like my head was blown up and I was having forehead and upper jaw pains I took sudafed and it brought amazing relief but the side affects were brutal causing me to panic but after all was done. It worked"
"I have found this medicine to be very good in helping me fall asleep and wake feeling very rested. I have taken it for 30 years off and on with absolutely no problems. Generally I use it as prescribed to regulate my sleep cycle and never more than 21 days out of the month."
"New to this medication.  Switched to this because of side effects from Zanaflex.  I notice this medication does not make me sleepy- not sure what to do about getting sleep as the Zanaflex did help me sleep through the night (aside from the side effects).  Curious what others on this do for sleep, or if this will eventually help with that?  I really miss Soma, although with that one my tolerance built up really quickly and I had rebound insomnia when I stopped taking it.  "
"I love Implanon so far. It has been a year since having Implanon inserted. I do have occasional back and chest break outs but just a pimple here or there. Nothing more than 2 or 3 at a time. Instead of weight gain I have had weight loss without trying at all. Normally during the winter I put on anywhere from 5-10lbs. Over the last year my weight has decreased by 10 lbs. Initially my mood swings were ridiculous. Now I may just be used to the mood swings, not sure! I haven&#039;t had my period since before insertion. It&#039;s worth a shot!"
"Can someone help me?  I have been using Efudex once a day for 5 weeks and nothing is happening.  Wondering if I should try using it twice a day or wait untill I see my doctor?"
"I had occipital nerve damage with pressure in my inner ear. Pressure is gradually lowered enabling me to exert myself for about 4 hours but exhausted. I now take 225 mg twice daily and cannot miss one dose. Nothing else worked. I took up to 600 mg but found no difference in relief so I am on the 225 twice daily. This is one medication that does not mix well with alcohol. It induces a coma like state that lasts for 30 minutes and longer. I was drinking beer and only had 3 beers in 2 hours. Then BOOM goes the dynamite! But am aware of everything going around me but can&#039;t move or respond. When it&#039;s over, it&#039;s over and I am vertical again. So now I know why the ad states avoid alcohol!"
"I changed doctors. The one I was going to did nothing for me no matter what we tried. I&#039;m a 64 year old male who was diagnosed with Type 2 Diabetes about 4 years ago. Started seeing my new Endocrinologist July 20th, 2011. First thing he did was stop me from taking Actos. Second thing he did was put me on a Testosterone Gel, and the most important thing, had me start Victoza. My headaches, and upset stomach were minor, and ended about 10 days after starting. I&#039;m about 5&#039;4&quot; tall, weighed 280 pounds. Since then I&#039;ve lost 70 pounds. Went from a size 48 waist slacks, and jeans, down to 38&#039;s. Most importantly I went from having sugar levels in the 350&#039;s 400&#039;s to 120&#039;s, 110&#039;s, even at times mid 90&#039;s. The doctor and this medicine have saved my life."
"well I got my implant about a year ago it was bad at first my period was ongoing for about 5 months then it stopped then I just recently started to have my period every week it will only stop for 2 days then go again. I have been reading and it turns out this implant can cause you to be sterile for the rest of your life. I have been wanting to take it out but I can&#039;t I mean I do want to have kids some day. Now doctors are recommending for there patients not to have this implant because it has been causing a lot of women to not be able to have any kids even after a long time without the implant in. Don&#039;t get me wrong its amazing but if you ever want kids just take the pill."
"I was really shocked when I read some of the reviews about this pill. I&#039;ve been using it for almost 3 years. I&#039;ve never experienced something negative about it. I felt the same as before emotionally, no changes in moods, nothing. The only thing that changed is that my periods are shorter and now I don&#039;t have to use drugs to prevent menstrual cramps, because there are none. My skin has been always clear, even before taking pills. Honestly, there is nothing bad to say about my experience with it."
"The first application burn and itch like crazy. It was pretty bad. I put an ice pack down there to ease the discomfort. I woke up in the morning with no problems. I&#039;m on day 4 with no problems. If you can get past the first one without washing it out then you will probably be fine."
"I have been on the patch for a month and noticed that my nipples are always on hard and my nipples are very sore! Not sure how much longer I can deal with the tenderness"
"I absolutely hate this implant. It has been such a bad experience. I have had this implant since August, 11, 2016 less than a month after I gave birth. I have developed depression, I get extreme anxiety, and my mood swings are uncontrollable. I have gained 30+ pounds and have had stomach and uterus pain that creeps up on me, sometimes its even unbearable. I have not been sexually active for awhile. Me and my man had been in countless arguments where he even considered leaving me. I get separation anxiety when he&#039;s gone and  whenever he is not home, I start crying when he doesn&#039;t get home on time. I have became verbally abusive and have low self esteem due to my weight gain... No matter what I did, I couldn&#039;t feel secure. I do not recommend."
"Reading some of these reviews has made me feel SO much better.  I started this BC about 6 months ago, and while my acne/face was certainly not perfect beforehand, it has gotten SOOOOO MUCH WORSE since starting this.  Horrible, huge, painful cystic acne - repeatedly, especially on the cheeks.  I do not wear makeup at all, so no reason for my pores to be this oily and clogged.  Honestly, I am about to just stop taking it, it&#039;s really not worth it for me (especially as I&#039;m on it for acne and period maintenance and don&#039;t even have a partner at the moment).  I&#039;ve been on several other types of BC over my lifetime - Yaz, Yasmin, Gianvi, Ventura, probably others way back in the day.  Absolutely none of those made my face look as bad as this."
"Extreme fatigue
Pressure in my head
Headaches
Dry mouth"
"Started taking Sprintec a month ago.  Haven&#039;t experienced any of the side effects that my pharmacist advised about.  Also never got more than a little spotting during my inactive pills.  So far,  so good.  The only weird thing I&#039;ve noticed is my breasts have gotten smaller."
"I was started on Plaquenil when diagnosed with RA about two years ago at the end of summer.  I told the doctor there was no way I would take MTX.  By the following late spring I had what it took me a while to realize was a major flare-up.  I already had one pointer finger that couldn&#039;t bend, and now the other one was stuck in the out position.  I couldn&#039;t make fists.  So I started on MTX once a week, along with 1 mg of folic acid/day.  After about two months I began to see improvements.  After a longer time my doctor said I was in remission.  I take both Plaquenil and MTX, with few side effects.  On my MTX day, and the day after, I&#039;m sometimes low energy, and often slightly queasy.  Not enough to keep me from eating entirely."
"We&#039;re very happy!!  It works great.  First time nothing happened.  I have used it 6 times.  Paid big bucks for it but have no regrets"
"This is the best cough and cold syrup ever made. Unfortunately I am a smoker so I tend to get coughs and colds easier than non smokers. This really works for me and it makes me feel better."
"So I am in month 3 of having nexplanon and I honestly can say I really like it not having to think about when to take my pill or  if I took my pill.  Yes starting out I got cramps and I have had a light period for two weeks.  But considering my last birth control had an 18% chance of getting pregnant this is implant is so much better.  My skin does break out a bit more but I started washing my face twice a day and it is going away.  My boyfriend understands what I am going through.  I can barely tell I have it in and have had no other problems such as fatigue,  weight gain,  or headaches.  Everyone&#039;s experience is different but I will probably stick with this until I am ready to have children."
"The first and only hormonal birth control I&#039;ve tried, and it&#039;s A+ for me. I&#039;ve been on it for a few months now and the only side effect I&#039;ve had is my boobs getting noticeably larger and fuller. I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain or mood swings, and I haven&#039;t had a period since I started it! I experienced a tiny bit of breakthrough bleeding the first month and then it was smooth sailing from there. My skin is completely clear of acne and I feel like I don&#039;t break out as easily as I used to. My sex drive has also been through the roof, although I did still have a high libido before starting the pill. Overall I find this to be a great pill, and it feels great not having to buy tampons anymore!"
"Maxalt almost always gets rid of my migraine with one pill. It does make me sleepy so I take it near bedtime. When I wake up, I am groggy for up to 6 hours. That is the only side effect I have experienced. If I am having what I call a migraine marathon (up to five days) I alternate taking Maxalt and Imitrex."
"My libido was non existent even after taking it for more than 3 months. It also made me gain 10 pounds but that wasn&#039;t a huge problem for me. The only thing that sucks about this pill is the noticeable decrease in sex drive, other than that it&#039;s fine."
"Perfect for severe acne.... no doubt!"
"I couldn&#039;t think straight, get a full breath, became very disorientated and nothing made sense.  For a long time I thought I was going crazy! I started the drug and only had to use 1mg once a month due to an attack.  After a bad break up and change in life I experienced anxiety everyday and the only thing that will stop that is this pill.  It works great but don&#039;t like how I have to take once a day now.  I believe once I get to a better place in my life I will need less doses.  I will not go anywhere without my bottle.  I am trying to get off this pill now and trying it with the Lexapro."
"Would never recommend this antibiotic! I was prescribed 7 days 3 times a day today take this med so I did, I have a very bad stomach to start with. I was able to do my first 7 days without a problem, then after my seven days I started to have really bad diarrhea and I rarely have this. It has lasted now for like two weeks. Now I had to restart another dosage of clindamycin for another 7 days but I saw that they were not the same colour as the other ones I had taken I don&#039;t know why but anyways I started them yesterday and I&#039;ve never felt sicker! My stomach was very upset, diarrhea, nausea, chills, fever, dizziness and my throat is hurting. I not one to complain usually but after this I immediately stopped the medication! Never again"
"This medicine did reduce the frequency of my migraines. However, it caused severe memory loss, problems with concentration, and an inability to remember certain words. This led to my GPA plummeting after years of hard work to keep myself on the Dean&#039;s List, severely decreased my scores on the GRE, and decreased my chances of getting into graduate school. I&#039;m off the pills now and looking for a different option; there is no way I can keep my job in tech support if I start the pills again. "
"I think the shots are very painful, they sting, no matter how you inject it. Let it sit out for 20 minutes first, etc. Also- I liked the injectable pen better when I was using Enbrel. This needle is a real needle, no injectable pen. I feel it&#039;s harder to use on yourself that way."
"Brilliant, the only thing that helps my anxiety and panic attacks.
"
"One of the BEST medicines ever for IBS. I suffered Cdiff for a long time and the aftermath led me having severe stomach muscle spasms , they would knock me off my feet. 
I tried every medicine you can think of, the only medicine that compared to helping is Librax but it didn&#039;t work as good as Donntal,  however it&#039;s extremely expensive,  for a 30 day supply is 285$.  But when in so much pain you do what you have to. 
Hope the best for everyone reading this."
"I took the tablet as I had been constipated for around 2 weeks!!! Just over 2 hours since I had taken the tablet I felt very weak and sick, I felt as if I was about to throw up. Then the cramps started, they were horrific. Worse than anything I had ever felt before. It was as if I was getting punched from the inside (100x worse than any period pains I&#039;ve experienced) and it lasted about an hour!!!! They did in the end relieve my constipation and the pains did stop but I will never take these tablets ever again, it was not worth going through all the pain."
"It&#039;s been 11 days in droxycycline for lymes and I notice a difference in my bones burning. I&#039;ve suffered for 3 years not knowing what was wrong with me always down and drained. I&#039;m hoping these results after 11 days only keep getting better."
"Took LoLo FE for 4 months for heavy bleeding from a fibroid &amp; it was my first BC ever at 28. Never missed a pill. The 1st month placebo left me w/ the heaviest flooding from a period I had ever experienced. Bled through 2 super tampons &amp; overnight pads in about an hour, but I wanted to give the pills 3 months so I continued. The heavy flooding, lots of big clots, lasting 8ish days  periods continued every month then in the middle of the 3rd month I had breakthrough bleeding 2 weeks before my period that never stopped. By the middle of my 4th pack I&#039;d had enough, since it was just making my periods worse. No other bad side-effects but havent seen any other reviews like this. Switched to a POP last month going better so far."
"Ever since I had Implanon inserted I was not having any kind of side effects until 3 months later I noticed my periods real heavy and lasted for a week which is not normal for me. 2 weeks later after my period is non stop I spot everyday and on days will have heavy bleeding. Implanon is not for me. "
"Didn&#039;t see any reviews from a woman, so here goes: my husband and I are elderly, and we still LIKE sex! However, due to the effects of aging, our sex life has been less than satisfactory in recent years. After his annual physical last week, he talked about his erectile dysfunction with his MD. Long story short, he got Cialis, second day of taking it, we had the best sex we&#039;ve had in years! No side effects, two very happy over 70&#039;s, and this is for real."
"I have been on effexor for years then changed to lexapro for years as well but nothing made me reach this feeling right now , I am able to concentrate and have a great energy, I had nausea at beginning but it worth it , right now its minimal and no weight changes, its such a great drug"
"Love it, no hot flashes or mood changes and feel like having sex again. Breasts have enlarged but are not painful. Taking 1 mg tablets, hope I never have to give up my wonder pill. Have been taking it for years and I am 70 years old."
"Gall bladder was removed in 1994.  Ever since then severe diarrhea has been mostly on sometimes off.  Many meds later and after seeing GI specialist my primary care physician prescribed Welchol.  Great results!  I take 6 pills in a divided dose.  I still take 1 anti-diarrheal and &#039;everything&#039; is better now."
"Omg!!!!!!This thing is burning my cookie!!!!I honestly thought I was having a allergic reaction. ...I&#039;m 26 yrs old and it&#039;s been forever since I gotten a yeasts infection. I panicked a little but got the infection from taking antibiotics. To those who don&#039;t know taking to many antibiotics can kill your bad bacteria as well as your good bacteria. ..I didn&#039;t know that till I read more about it..so my cookie started itchy while I was on my period...I thought it was because of my period but then I was done and I was still itchy. I couldn&#039;t go to my Dr so I decided to go buy the monistat 7 day treatment and the first night I insert this thing started burning crazy. Is it normal to burn and itch??should I continue this treatment?"
"I have been prescribed many nerve medications but now that I am on Klonopin I feel like a brand new person. I actually feel like getting out and being more social with people. 
A big thanks to the people who made the little nerve pill called klonopin. You have made my life so much more worth living. I actually want to be around my family and friends now.
Thank you very much for making my life so much easier."
"I will be reporting back often. I am on my third day of Tramadol and it seems to be a miricle. I have been pain free. I am taking one 50 mg tab every 12 hours. I also take methocarbamol 750 mg every four hours and Xanax 0.5 mg every 8 hours. I have not been pain free in 10 years. I am reading such bad things about tramadol on this website that I&#039;m getting afraid to take it. I thought I had found my miracle but if the side effects are true I don&#039;t want to have anything to do with this medication. Feedback please."
"I have been taking pregabalin 300mg for a few months now for GAD, I also take citalapram 20mg. When I wake on a morning I feel as though my skin in crawling and numb and its as though someone is tapping it all over with their fingers, my stomach also churns, after 2 hours this wears off and I am fine for the rest of the day, but its the mornings that are hard for me, does anyone else have this and do you think 300mg is to high or is it the citalopram,"
"This product changed my life. It works. No doubt. I had suffered from excessive sweating on my armpits since I was 11. I thought I was cursed, and would have to deal with this my entire life. It really had a huge impact on my life because I was always limited on the shirts I had to wear. I could only wear lose black or white shirts. If not I had to wear a black cardigan over everything I wore! Yes that&#039;s how bad it was, until I got prescribed Hypercare, when I commented it on a doctors appointment. This had really changed my life. This product worked the very next day! I was truly amazed. THANK YOU HYPERCARE! 

Ps. Don&#039;t use this product when you have recently shaved, or else it will burn and you won&#039;t be able to sleep all night"
"I took this birth control for a week and began having uncontrollable mood swings. I drove myself and everyone around my crazy because I was acting so psychotic. I felt depressed and would randomly break down and cry. Stopped taking it immediately when friends and family started noticing I was not acting like my normal, cheerful self. DO NOT recommend."
"I had my Nexplanon inserted a little bit under 4 months ago and have had a few ups and downs with my experience. When I first got it, I had a normal period and then didn&#039;t get another period for 7 weeks. When I did get my period, I bled for 14 days (which seems to be pretty short compared to a lot of the reviews). Again, I waited another 6 weeks until I got another period and then had bleeding for a little less than 2 weeks. I haven&#039;t experienced any weight gain on Nexplanon although I exercise pretty regularly. Before getting Nexplanon, I never broke out and rarely had greasy skin/hair, but after getting it inserted, I get occasional pimples and my skin and hair get extremely greasy throughout the day."
"Express scripts switched this one in place of my Microgestin FE 1.5/30. This has been the worst experience ever. I missed taking a pill by 2 hours and I had already began breakthrough bleeding and severe cramping. To where I had to leave the office at work and just lean over and hold my stomach. The absolute worst part is the depression. I&#039;m crying about everything and getting upset with my boyfriend over nothing. I&#039;ve only been taking this for two weeks and it&#039;s been a hell storm. I do not recommend this brand."
"I got Nexplanon in May 2015. It&#039;s October and I&#039;m starting to pinpoint side effects. I used to have a moderately heavy period 1-2 times a &quot;month&quot; and now I no longer have any period at all. I mainly picked Nexplanon because I cannot trust myself to remember to take a pill every day and on that, it&#039;s been great. My partner and I had more than regular sex and this has done its job as a contraceptive. Now that my partner and I are long distance and I no longer have sex, I&#039;ve contemplated having this removed. While no period at all is wonderful, some of my negative side effects are not. Loosing weight is hard and my mood swings cause me to cry almost at whim. I might be depressed but this my be aiding the depression."
"After being on 5 different chemo medicines in the past 5 years, it seems as though this one is working. I am only the 3rd person at my oncologists office to receive this. I have been on it for 4 months and I feel so much better than I did before."
"This medicine did nothing to help with Sjogren&#039;s syndrome or other connective tissue issues. The major side effect I had was major loss of hair. Had to stop after 3 months due to such significant hair loss and no positive benefit."
"I had the Mirena inserted after failed birth control resulted in my fourth and fifth children, whom I adore and wouldn&#039;t trade for anything!

I decided I would not even think about the bleeding until six months after insertion. I have had the Mirena for more than eight months.

This insertion did not feel uncomfortable to me at all.

My hands and feet tingle.
My mood is variable.
I don&#039;t care much for sex.
I was bleeding every single day for the first 5 months.
I now bleed for at least two weeks of every month.
I have increased two dress sizes.
I now have intermittent acne.

This is NOT for me."
"I am 60 years old and a career woman who has always struggled with completing tasks despite working long hours. Had recently succombed to depression and loss of self esteem because I was feeling I was no longer capable of performing my job because of age. Suffered this feeling most of my life,  been in therapy and was usually prescribed antidepressants or SSRI inhibitors to treat my symptoms but never cause of my symptoms. I did not even know adults could suffer from ADD. FINALLY a therapist took the time to treat the cause of my lifelong struggle instead of merely sedating me.  MY LIFE HAS CHANGED!! MY JOB PERFORMANCE AND PERSONAL LIFE HAS IMPROVED. I ACTUALLY ACCOMPLISH THINGS.  Why so late in life?"
"I have been on Belviq for a week. I have not had any side effects and I&#039;ve lost 7lbs. It&#039;s been a great motivator.  I check in next week to give more update."
"This is a medication which I take for myself.

Good points:
It&#039;s very good at managing my form of epilepsy.  My seizures are reduced remarkably, in direct relation to taking Fycompa.

Bad points:
I am having daily thoughts about suicide, I&#039;ve never had this before taking Fycompa.  And I&#039;ve been on many Anti-Epileptic Medicines.  This morning I was really suicidal.

At a guess I&#039;m one of those unlucky individuals who have increased psychiatric and behaviour problems in direct relation to this medicine.  Now I&#039;m in the position of making a decision about whether or not to continue using Fycompa and I&#039;m having to make this very difficult decision with psychiatric issues."
"Beware of this medication! I have never had so much bleeding in my life. I had to go to the ER because of it. I developed many blood clots and have never been so scared. I recommend another brand of birth control. Any birth control that has a history with giving women blood clots don&#039;t take it. Do your research, because you can get blood clots in other places too. I&#039;m getting off it today."
"I was prescribed Allegra after years of using Sudafed over the counter believing that my sinuses were the problem. My GP and I finally managed to figure out that the problem was allergic rhinitis. I take 180mg on a daily basis and since I&#039;ve been taking I don&#039;t suffer with too much blockage and congestion however I have gained weight since taking this daily. I am doing a trial run of going without Allegra and also Cerazette to see whether bloating goes down. It&#039;s brilliant for my allergies without a doubt, the pro&#039;s outweigh the cons however I cannot continue gaining weight. Within 6 months of taking these alongside Cerazette daily I have gained 1st. I am trying to find a new alternative although this has worked brilliantly."
"I have been taking Bactrim for about a year and a half now. Prior to Bactrim I took everything else. I&#039;ve had acne since I was roughly 15 and am now 23. Everything I took either left me feeling crappy, or didn&#039;t work. In my experience taking Bactrim the first 2-3 months my face breaks out horribly. Then at some time in that period it just goes away. It is absolutely the best acne medication I&#039;ve ever taken! I have taken it twice."
"Caused horrific migraine, horrible vomiting, awful anxiety and depression, hallucinations, insomnia and made my joints hurt really bad!"
"Amazing!! I never knew a product could work for me besides the alternative option of maybe looking into botox shots....i started using drysol and immediately 2 days of using my perspiration stopped...unfortunately because i got nervous of not having to use deodorant i overused and broke out so please only use this product once a day"
"I had still been spotting a little when I went to my post partum appointment and my doctor assured me that once I started taking the jolivette I would stop bleeding. I&#039;ve been taking it for about a week and then started cramping and bleeding very heavily, about as much if not more than I was bleeding immediately after giving birth to my son. Now I&#039;m concerned about how it may be affecting my milk supply. I feel like I can&#039;t get this medicine out of my system fast enough. I would NOT recommend it."
"I&#039;m having a lot of fullness and sharp pains in my stomach, and also have constipation."
"Donnatal is so expensive. 
Go to donnatal website. 
There is a link to click on drug assist. I called. They sent me a prescription for free. Also my doctor had a coupon. I only had to pay $15 for 90 pills"
"I took Sprintec for a couple of years.  My mood was good and it regulated my period well.  My HUGE complaint is that Sprintec gave me yeast infections almost every month.  I didn&#039;t know what was wrong with me, but my doctor said it was probably the Sprintec, which has a high dose of estrogen.  "
"Five years ago as a 48 yo male; I was tested and diagnosed with low testosterone levels (263 mg). I was put on 5mg daily and tested over 900 in three weeks. I was recently bumped to 10mg daily as my symptoms began to return. I&#039;m guessing my natural production has declined further. Been on 10mg for three days and waiting for improvement."
"I have been taking Actos 45mg for 1 month and have not experienced any side effects. It works well for me."
"Lortab has worked alright for me to ease very severe pain caused by misaligned verterbrae or insufferable toothache. Unfortunately it also has a very significant habit to give me hallucinations, not visual ones, but audible. I wake up in the middle of the night hearing things that are impossible, such as if I was standing in the middle of the highway at rush hour (worst case) or all the &#039;normal&#039; sounds in a house seemingly tenfold magnified and loud."
"This drug did do its job of keeping us from pregnant again. However it had very bad side effects for me. It caused numbness in my feet and hands. And it caused severe mood swings, specifically deep depression, irrational thoughts, and anger. As my GP explained it, since Micronor is progesterone based, my body is as if PMSing all around the clock because it thinks Im menstruating around the clock from the pill."
"I am a Type 1 diabetic and have had high cholesterol since being diagnosed 12 years ago.  I am on a restricted diet and I do not eat eggs or meat yet my cholesterol was high (genetic).

I hesitated to take any statins because I got a rash from Lipitor but finally agreed to take Crestor because last summer my stress test showed abnormalities (which were later disproven).  

However, I started on only 5mg, I started walking about 20 -30 minutes a day a few times a week and now 8 months later my total cholesterol was BELOW normal and all other levels were within a good range and my endocrinologist was very pleased and said no reason to go up to 10 mg.

I do sometimes get some joint pain in my wrist and ankles and sometimes some muscle."
"I personally love Lolo! I have been on it for three years and have no issues with it. I never noticed any weight gain and I rarely have a period. Once while taking this I didn&#039;t have one for 11 months straight. When I do get a period it&#039;s maybe for 1-2 days and is extremely light. This medicine has been a blessing because before this I would bleed for 2-3 weeks straight and it would be heavy the whole time. Also while taking my acne actually got better.

The only reason I gave this medicine a 9 is the fact that I ended up having an unplanned (and unknown) pregnancy while taking it and had an early miscarriage due to continued use. This is the only reason I plan on switching to something a little more foolproof than the pill."
"I have taken and tried many different types of birth control pills and Mononessa had been the absolute worst experience of my life. 1mg of mononess and three days of taking it made me cramp daily and painfully. I thought it would get better but my symptoms contributed to get worse as my period got closer. It got to the point where I could hardly sit up right. A month into it and on my period I had to take days off work because the cramping was distracting and unbearable. It lightened my period but I would rather have a heavy flow than be in that much pain ever again. I recommend Levora for you ladies. Do not go through what I went through. Good luck."
"I loved it, when I lost awareness in the Hospital: I was given Ativan. It brought me back to normal. I wish I had some now."
"I&#039;ve been on a 7 day schedule of the Avelox, it has worked pretty well to clear up the bacterial infection on my lung.  However, I have experienced pretty bad diarrhea that started about 3 days into the schedule. The rest of the symptoms have been mild such as nausea, feeling cloudy, etc. I am really looking forward to taking the last pill, this medicines side effects are not too pleasant."
"This didn&#039;t work at all  I went to the beauty supply   Got Teatree soap   And wash my granddaughters head in it then  tea tree spray   . Sprayed all over her hair.  Combed her hair .  Every day I sprayed some on my hand Teatree  Then rub it in her hair every day before she went to school she never had a more head lice any more"
"This medicine has been very helpful in controlling my high cholesterol at an affordable price."
"I was on yaz for a while. I had horrible mood swings lots of crying around my period and very angry 1 hr after I took the pill. I was switched to Gianvi and was a little scared because it was generic. Best 
switch ever!!  I was on this for 2 yrs .no more mood swings. I didnt gain weight. This pill was really tried for birth prevention! and it passed. I stopped taking it just because My Dr. really freaked when I told her I started smoking. But I have stopped now and I am back on this pill. I have tried others like Ocella and  a few more but I dont remember thier names. They wrecked havoic on my body. So Gianvi works best with my body and I love it! highly recommend."
"Depression is gone, but so is sex drive."
"Abilify has given me my life back.  I still suffer from insomnia and Abilify hasn&#039;t made it better, but I&#039;m happier, can keep my thoughts on track, have more energy, and want to socialize like I used to.  My depression is gone.  I combine this with Cymbalta and both have been miracle medicines for me."
"Please read!!! Presccribed macrobid 100mg for bladder infection. Took the first dose at 5pm after a full meal (on the advise of my Dr who warned slight stomach irritation) around 2 am I woke up vomitting yellow bile which lasted for several hours. I was shaking and sweating and couldn&#039;t even keep water down. I&#039;m on my 4th dose and symptoms are subsiding..I  feel like I&#039;m going to vomit, have a headache and am extremely dizzy. Please be careful when taking this its like a flu in pill form!"
"I have been on Prozac for almost a year. Although my dose has been upped a couple of times, I feel like I have my life back. I know what quality of life is now."
"I suffered a stroke in &#039;04 and my neurologist prescribed Neurontin to deal with the resulting numbness and tingling on the right side. A year later, and after emergency gall bladder surgery, he put me on a low dose of Topamax instead. It worked well, but I&#039;ve had to eventually increase the dosage. The side effects were minimal; I needed to lose the 35 lbs I lost (and my wardrobe needed updating :0), and the additional tingling is nothing compared to what I feel when I don&#039;t take it. Expensive!"
"This was the first drug that did this but I had to make sure I took at least 100mg cause 25 just caused some poor sleep. 100 was great until I developed cognitive decline due to Lamotrigine as many even &quot;just&quot; epileptic users have noticed and experience. A thing to look out for. Takes away lows totally. But memory impairment especially verbal memory."
"Have used this medication since 1987 after partial bowel resection due to Crohn&#039;s Disease. I&#039;ve had no adverse reaction in all these years of taking this medication."
"I have been taking baclofen for a few months for severe spasms and it is very effective with no drowsiness."
"Hi! I started using Alli 6 weeks ago today. I have lost an amazing 19 lbs.
I have totally changed my eating habits along with taking Alli. 
I have a lot more lbs to go but this is a great start and very motivating! TRY Alli!"
"I have titled this &#039;anxiety and stress&#039; but also have been suffering from major depression, suicidal ideation, Pure-O OCD, and Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder. I&#039;m currently on 20mg Fluoxetine, and can honestly say that this medication has saved my life. It hasn&#039;t been plain sailing. I&#039;ve had periods when I felt so tired that I couldn&#039;t move, and I had the worst panic attacks and anxiety ever for the first couple of weeks. Hang in there! I purposely ensured that my dosages increased gradually (similar to the &#039;cranzac method&#039;), so it&#039;s probably another 10-12 days before I get the full 20mg effect, so I am expecting even more side effects. But I feel indescribably better than before. A true wonder drug, if you can stick out the bad days."
"Remeron has helped me in a great deal. It has helped me sleep which was non-existent for such a long time and I can finally function during the day.  Whoever created Remeron needs to be congratulated because nothing and I tried almost everything imaginable to sleep, has made me be able to get some rest. My physical health has benefited from the rest a great deal.  The only side effect I have gotten is hunger at night when I take it but it is a very small price to pay that can be fought off.  I have not gained any weight but I do get hungry easily though.  I am on 45mg and it is wonderful, I can sleep and then get up and actually want to do things.  I am on it with Cymbalta which helps with my Fibromyalgia. I highly recommend it."
"I had struggled with anxiety for over ten years. After having my second daughter I went through a bout of post partum depression and obsessive thoughts. I truly didn&#039;t know how bad it was until I started taking Celexa. I feel like a new person. The constant worry, thinking and obsessing has stopped! For anyone resisting medication I would recommend trying it. I has truly improved my life! I also had little side effects expect for a bit of fatigue in the first few weeks. I take 30mg a day."
"I have been on Alprazolam for 10 years for panic disorder and anxiety.  I am still on the same dosage that I was ten years ago and I am definitely sure that drug companies differ in their drug production.   Whenever I pick up a prescription and the pharmacy tells me it&#039;s &quot;just a different company&quot;, the red flag goes up.  The oval shaped 1 mg. tablet just does not work as well at the round 1 mg. tablet."
"My periods were fine. I was ovulating, had normal blood flow, slightly heavy cramps. I started this pill for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome symptoms. While it did clear up my skin a little, it has made me borderline suicidal. Within 3 days I started hating people, crying at the drop of a hat, becoming irrationally angry, entertaining thoughts of suicide and becoming severely depressed. I would be losing weight since I have no appetite, except I&#039;m so bloated it doesn&#039;t matter. "
"I was prescribed 750 mg methocarbamol tablets to be taken three times a day for a muscle spasm under my left shoulder blade.  I tried that twice with no relief so I thought I would up it to two pills.  Nothing.  Wide awake, still cramped up, the pain is a 5 out of 10 (compared to child birth).  I might as well have eaten two crackers.  I wonder if the manufacturer forgot the main ingredient."
"Started taking this for acne about three years ago and have been very happy. Noticed some stomach issues for about the first month, then only rarely (usually if I forget to take a dose I get a little twinge and upset when I start again).

Note: The nausea/runs thing. My GP recommended taking it before I start my preparations for bed. "
"I have been on this pill for a year and switched to another pill this month. I was mainly on this pill to get rid of my bad acne. Acne on my back, chest, thighs, and neck went away but on my face it was inconsistent. I had the most clear skin on the sugar pills week and the first 3 weeks were bad puss filled acne on my forehead chin and lower cheeks which left me with scars and really dry skin. I was also very irritable with my family and boyfriend :( Besides that, it was actually a good pill. my periods were normal and came at the same time every month, no cramping, no weight gain, and most importantly i&#039;m not pregnant! Acne is a big factor in my depression so i chose to switch."
"Its August 2016, I&#039;ve had this bastard of a thing in since March 2015 and I&#039;m finally getting it out in two days. Worst part is the weight gain and period. I am the lucky 50% who&#039;s period still exists heavier and longer and not only that...I have gained 25kgs in the last five months. Six months ago I was diagnosed with Graves disease which explains why I had lost 30kgs from   Dec2014 to Feb 2016 when i noticed symptoms. In saying that if I didn&#039;t have the bar, I would of lost more and five months on GP and specialist both agree that I&#039;m experiencing the side effect of weight gain as my thyroid levels are still high so I shouldn&#039;t be gaining. Goodbye nothing for good Implanon! U suck!!!!!!!"
"I&#039;ve been taking 10mg Endep for 2 weeks for bladder pain. I may have a mild case of interstitial cystitis but I haven&#039;t been officially diagnosed yet. I have found it has worked really well with the pain. I went from being in pain all the time to only a couple of times and it&#039;s been manageable. I have dry mouth and an increased appetite from Endep but the worst side effect is constant drowsiness and a general feeling of being drugged up."
"It is... amazing. I have been on antidepressants on and off since i was 16 years old. I am now 19 any my life has completely changed around. My sleep is better, my appetite normal, my mood heightened, anxiety is away, and I don&#039;t feel as if there&#039;s something weighing down my heart. Please, if you are depressed right now, I highly recommend this medication. My dad has been using it too and he is genuinely happier with his life; i can see it in his eyes."
"Over the counter (monostat and generics) make my symptoms 10X worse and do nothing for me. Fluconozole takes care of it every time, with ZERO side affects for me. If I take it on an empty stomach symptoms significantly reduce within an hour. I always do a 2nd dose three days later even if it appears to be gone to be extra sure.

For ladies wanting to go a natural route that is also VERY effective is tea tree oil suppositories. They are just messier and  you will smell like tea tree oil a little :) bit I don&#039;t mind the smell. I always keep that on hand as well. You can find those for good prices on Amazon. They are also just good to do like once a week or whenever for maintenance if you suffer chronic infections"
"I started taking Ambien CR 12.5mg for insomnia and it initially worked very well. Sometime around my 4th month on it I started to unknowingly wake and take at least one (or more???) during the night. One morning I awoke to find about half my bottle of pills spilled on the floor by my bed. Another time I awoke to find an empty drink glass beside my bed. Apparently I had got up and mixed a drink (maybe more than one???) . . . SCARY STUFF! No more Ambien for me, EVER."
"I take Zofran ODT to relieve the severe medication withdrawal symptoms I experience when I accidentally miss a dose of my prescribed daily medication.  Severe medication withdrawal symptoms such as brain zaps, nausea, vomiting, headaches, and dizziness. "
"Did not work! Used the 12 week treatment. Saw an improvement and after cutting off the whole nail it looked like it was growing back healthy. Fast forward to now and the other nail is doing the same thing the first one did. Not only that but the first nail is still not growing back properly and is starting to turn yellow...again! It&#039;s like the medicine didn&#039;t even kill all of it. Now I have to figure out something else as the second stupid nail is turning yellow and starting to have the same issues as the first."
"After being on this medication for seven years I am still having break through seizures. I have now developed lucopenia as I did with Depakote. Now I have to go through the trial and error of finding a new medication."
"So I&#039;ve actually been on this medication for 3 weeks now. I started at 173lbs and now am weighing in at 166lbs. Keep in mind some of this weight loss can be due to the lack of eating or water weight loss from the constant bathroom trips. That being said, I DID indeed feel some nausea....nothing I couldn&#039;t handle. I believe it was only 1 day that was just really bad which came after I had ate food that I shouldn&#039;t have eaten. Now, I know kind of how to control the nausea when I feel it coming. I am only on 0.6mg and from what my Dr told me that is as high as I will go being that I am using this off label for insulin resistance and its weightloss side effect."
"My daughter has taken this for about 8 years.  She&#039;s always seemed to have extreme emotional reactions to the smallest things.  I asked her doctor multiple times if it might be the montelukast she takes causing this.  Dr. said &quot;no, reported side effects just happen when the child starts taking it.  Must just be her personality&quot;.  I know what is normal and her reactions were extreme.  Everything came to a head this past winter when she started having obsessions about eternity.  We took her off the montelukast.  About 2 weeks later she had a psychotic break.  She was crying all day saying she didn&#039;t want to exist.  It has taken 2 months to get her back to semi-normal.  This drug is not good for children!!!  Her experience is not unusual!"
"I was diagnosed with a kidney stone. Pain meds caused constipation. Took Senna-S, two tablets early AM first day...drank lots of water...nothing. Took a second pill at bedtime, next morning...nothing. Took two more pills the next morning for a total of 5 and I am so cramped up I cannot lay down. No relief for 7 days. I hoped this would work but the cramping, combined with the kidney stone is unbearable. Going to the pharmacy for something more aggressive to end the misery. If you can afford to wait for Senna-S to work, good for you. If you have a kidney stone and are on pain meds don&#039;t waste what little comfort you can get."
"I woke up one morning with dark spots all over my face.  My nose and forehead was completely covered. I tried everything! When I say everything, I really mean everything. Even 2 chemical peels at the plastic surgeons office. I have been dealing with this for about 3 years now.  Finally, after 3 plastic surgeons and their skin expert in the office, I went to the dermatologist.  She prescribed Tri-Luma.  Very Expensive! $220 and not covered by insurance. It worked! The dark areas were going away.  I ran out and the dark spots came back. GREAT STUFF! I worry about how long to use it."
"I just got my mirena inserted yesterday and so far I feel fine. I am 20, and I have a son. The insertion wasn&#039;t very painful, though the cramps afterward were a little uncomfortable (nothing that some ibuprofen can&#039;t fix). My husband and I haven&#039;t had sex yet so I don&#039;t know if it&#039;ll affect us yet. Still bleeding a little, but nothing serious. I don&#039;t know if this review was helpful, but I&#039;ll definitely give an update within the next 6 months."
"I have moderate to severe anxiety associated with a very unhealthy self-esteem. It is a terrible thing because I am generally a very rational person. As a result, I have extreme difficulty telling someone how I feel and of hurting another person&#039;s feelings. (I would never want another person to suffer the way I do). My symptoms usually begin with increased heart rate, difficulty breathing, nausea and pain in the chest/throat area, hyperventilation which will sometimes throw me into panic mode and extreme negative thinking that I am unable to deviate from. I was prescribed Vistaril 25mg up to 4 times daily as needed. I how found it very effective so far for immediate relief but it does cause drowsiness."
"bad side effects"
"I am on week  4 of Rexulti .  I have to say it has gotten me up and on my feet. Unfortunately it has made my anxiety so bad I feel like I am standing on the edge of a cliff trying to decide which way to turn to stop the discomfort. I have chest pain and just a general unease. No way to relax so I will be stopping this medication as off today."
"Works when nothing else will. Every time."
"I started on 20mg Adderall XR 1 month ago. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 13. I was first medicated on Ritalin and I went off of it because it made me very uneasy on the insides. I managed to get through school with all applied courses because a gold fish had a higher attention span then me. If I could turn back time I would have chosen the Adderall path. Just a few side effects that really weren&#039;t to bad, I lost a lot of weight because it suppressed my appetite, it was all weight that I could afford to lose and I feel better about myself, I do however have to make a list of tasks before I begin my day or I just get super hyper focused on one thing for to long. I grind my teeth and I have to take sleep-aids but it&#039;s worth it."
"My experience was probably the worst I&#039;ve had so far. I lost 20 lbs with 40mg of Vyvanse. I was a healthy 145 lbs, I am now 120lbs. I had horrible diarrhea, its was so bad. I was extremely faint and dizzy. I could go without sleeping and eating for almost days. I had terrible heart fluttering feelings. However it did work great for my ADHD and also for my depression and anxiety. But, of course, I struggled with malnutrition and have been struggling so much (still) with gaining the weight back. I then had taken 30mg, but then it was not enough. Finding the right medication is such a struggle.."
"Echinacea &amp; Goldenseal works wonder for me. I am a 45 year old women and have sinus problem all the time. Every year I am on antibiotic. This year I start taking Echinaacea &amp; Goldenseal. In one week I am much better."
"I&#039;ve struggled with Anxiety my whole life I&#039;ve tried SSRI and Benzodiapams they SSRI&#039;s made me sick and  sluggish and benzos are severely addicting and I refuse to become addicted to something. Vistaril works great for me as you take it longer you won&#039;t be very sleepy. I take 10mg at night and only need it at night sometimes in the day and it lasts. I have no panic attacks. Hardly ever. I went from having panic attacks daily to one every once in a while. I love this medication ."
"After a shocking experience, I had sudden onset of anxiety, shakiness, nausea, insomnia, constant fear and over-reaction to sound. Also, depression. Diagnosed with post-traumatic stress. My Dr recommended escitalopram 10 mg/day. Noticed great improvement in 2-8 weeks without side effects. Anxiety is under control, not completely gone, but life is liveable. Also use behavior modifying techniques from my psychologist. I would be in a sorry state without escitalopram, a wonderful drug!"
"I am a 66 year old female. I have not experienced any adverse symptoms with Losartan.  I started with 50MG almost 5 years ago and a couple of weeks ago my GP reduced to 25MG.  I believe exercising/walking and less stress (now retired) lowered my BP.  I am sorry to hear so many people suffer such severe side effects."
"I&#039;ve been using the generic, Eflora, which has the same active ingredient.  I have dark coarse on parts of my face. My upper-lip isn&#039;t too bad (manageable, mostly just dark fine hairs), but my chin is horrible.  If I shaved, it really had to be twice a day, and even after shaving, my skin could still feel prickly.  The left side was inexplicably worse than the right. I started noticing results on the thinner and/or slower growing hair first...

Two Weeks: Start seeing results with hair between eyebrows and on upper-lip (these areas weren&#039;t too bad).
Four Weeks: Start seeing results all over, including chin. 
Eight Weeks: Still improving, growth extremely slowed except for left side of chin. Left side of chin is slowing, just not as much."
"I weaned off Xanax with buspar. At first I thought why did I decide to do this because I was having a lot of withdrawals. Thank God I am almost a month off Xanax and fully on buspar 10 mg. 2 times a day. I am so glad I hung in there and got through all the withdrawals to get to a much safer and healthier drug for anxiety! If I can do it anyone can.much happier now!!"
"I have had Orthovisc every 16-24 months for pain in my knees (osteoarthritis). It seems to really work a couple weeks to a month after the last of the three injections. I think, the main reason is my knees are healing from the multiple injections. I use ice on my knees on post-injection days one through four after walking over 2 miles. Ice seems to help feel the ache. I always start to feel better on Day Six, and the next day I start this all over again. It does help me. I go from barely walking 2 miles total a day to around 4. My swelling never totally goes away in my knees although, I think about the pain less. I use to get the injections for free but this time UnitedHealthcare PPO was $400 &amp; you can ask to split payment over 4months."
"Works very well for cough suppression. Much more effective than guaifenesin with codeine. One adult dose at bedtime and I can sleep through the night, 8 hours, and wake up with very minor &quot;hang over&quot; that quickly wears off. Used for deep bronchitis cough, atelectasis after pneumonia, severe flu infection."
"This medicine is amazing! I&#039;ve been on 10-15 different acne medicines and this is hands down the best. It doesn&#039;t dry out your skin and is an excellent spot treatment with breakouts gone is days"
"Love this birth control. Please don&#039;t read all the negativity- every medicine has POSSIBLE side effects and the people who deal with those are more common to blog about it than the ones who have no issues with it. I&#039;ve had it for 2.5 years and I&#039;ve never had any issues and side effects. Some of my friends have also gotten it and love it just as much as I do!"
"from last few months I have suffered from serious mouth problems like, problem in tongue raising, problem in right corner of tongue ,throat problem, gum and teeth problem, white and red patches in mouth, thick white film on tongue, sore throat, hard to chew and swallow, jaw locked etc..
Today, my friend give me this chlorhexadine (sorry for my poor English)__in only one time use it gives me magical relief, before it, I used several medicines like Colgate plex, betadine gargle, coconut oil etc. but,after 5 minutes of use,my white film on tongue starts melting, now I raise my tongue 50% more (feeling happy)
Thank You.."
"Terrible mood swings, cramps all month long, constantly  bloated, made my periods way worse, and there was an irritating discharge. Never again. I&#039;d rather have to remember to use the pill every day. Plus, doctors have told my friends  that haven&#039;t had kids yet they can&#039;t use it, and I can&#039;t find any information as to why."
"I was originally on Yaz, cleared up skin in 3 months. It was amazing! Although I did get occasional headaches. Switched to Beyaz due to the Bayer savings card. I continued to get headaches..like stay in bed all day headaches..so now I am finally switching to another birth control. I would rather not be on one at all considering what it does to my body but it&#039;s that or acne. I would rather take the pill."
"This drug has saved my sanity.  I was undiagnosed with a debilitating vomiting sickness.  In hospital at least once a week via ambulance.  Repetitive vomiting and could not stop.  To the point where I would become unresponsive.  After about a month into my undiagnosed sickness, at the emergency room, a nurse gave me a wafer of Zofran.  It was a huuuuge relief as my uncontrollable vomiting stopped within 10 minutes.  I had not heard of the drug but after finally been diagnosed, after 6 months, as having Severe Idiopathic Gastroparesis I found my new best friend.  As well as having a kidney transplant and taking a bucket full of anti-rejection meds, I was soooo grateful that some smart cookie out there invented this drug.  Saved my life"
"I am very confused about the reviews stating the bad aftertaste, because this is an eye drop! I was given a sample by my optometrist. Previously, I was using Zaditor which worked okay, but it wasn&#039;t great and sometimes irritated my eyes even more. Bepreve makes my eyes feel very refreshed and &quot;clear&quot; of whatever it is that causes my eyes to feel dry/watery/irritated. I don&#039;t use it daily. Just when needed."
"I took one 10 mg at the onset of migraine, it did nothing. I took a second 10 mg after an hour and still no relief. 
I felt no relief at all, not even slight."
"I have the worst bladder ever. I have been taking oxybutynin for years. At first I thought there was no hope. It takes up to 3 months to determine how well this medication will work.  Trust me it takes far more than a few days to see how this medicine will work. But it will make a huge difference. I&#039;m 36 yrs old. I still have problems with my bladder. But my life is tolerable now."
"Lots of trouble sleeping and lots of anxiety with this medicine.  It also makes me a bit depressed.  Better if you can take it in the morning instead of later at night.  Works, but there is probably something with less side effects that works just as well.  Usually given this for sinus infections, this is the first time for cystitis."
"I found this page because I am losing my hair and the only medication I am on is Elmiron. I have to say that I suffered for 2 years and had countless visits with different doctors! I started Elmiron and avoid certain foods. I was happy! Pain free. If I stopped Elmiron due to a procedure I had to have , I was in pain. My only problem is that now I am losing my hair rapidly. My hair dresser was scared when she cut my hair! I noticed tons of hair in the shower , in my pillow, even at work. Every where! I thought I needed to relax. I then google Elmiron side effects, and this comes up. I feel like I have to choose . Balding itchy scalp or pain. "
"I&#039;ve been on Gabapentin for a couple years at bedtime.  When it 1st started (8 yrs ago) I only got restless leg syndrome while sleeping. It would wake me up. For the past 5 years I get it mainly once I sit down for the night.  Now as long as I can get up &amp; walk or sway for a few minutes it usually goes away. I&#039;m not really sure if it&#039;s working or not. I still usually get it at least once/every other day. Just glad it goes away once I get up now."
"I was prescribed 3 mg tablets for insomnia. The first night I took one about 45 minutes before bedtime and did not find it helped me sleep at all. However, I was extremely groggy the next morning and ended up back in bed by shortly after lunch, sleeping for almost 2 hours. I tried it two more times, taking it earlier each time, but the effect was the same: it takes too long to work and leaves me groggy and unable to function the next day. I will not be taking it any more."
"I&#039;ve been battling heroin addiction for numerous years..I&#039;ve tried everything under the sun.  Suboxone, Rehabs, N.A, A.A, Self-help, You name it I&#039;ve done it...In all my experience I have to say Zubsolv 5.7 are great.  They are no different from Suboxone except the fact that I feel less medicated..they taste better..melt faster..they are cheaper and it actually works. I like this medication because it works and its not just simply a substitute but rather a stepping stone along with NA meetings and cognitive therapy that I&#039;m doing to help me reach my goals in life. "
"the first night I took it I brushed my teeth, normally I don&#039;t look at my tongue but for some reason I felt the need to. I saw bumps and they were scary looking bumbs. Whiteness on the back of my tongue and yellow. It didn&#039;t hurt or anything so I thought maybe I just ate something too spicy. So I waited and the next day it was still there but not as bad so I figured it was going away. The 4th day of taking it, it started to hurt when I  swallowed so I got kinda worried, I&#039;ve been getting acne pretty bad and I&#039;ve been getting really sick to my stomach and headaches and fevers and so my stepmom believes I&#039;m coming down with thrust, I looked up things that can cause thrush &amp; turns out birth control was on that list."
"I was on the pill for about 5 years when I got tired of taking them daily. They worked perfectly fine, though - so I decided to explore my other options. I have been on Nexplanon for about 4 months now. I&#039;ve only bled once since insertion, and it was very predictable as my breasts became very tender for 2 weeks prior. The flow itself was light, and I didn&#039;t experience cramps, nausea, nor migraines. My skin didn&#039;t react well at first, but now it&#039;s back to normal. The most negative thing about the implant is that my mood has been down during this entire time. I don&#039;t get excited for anything - whether it be outings, sex, etc. - and I&#039;m very irritable."
"I was on this pill for 1 1/2 years. When I first started taking it, I had the usual side effects, upset stomach but when I took it with food, I was fine. However if you miss a pill, only retake 1 (the missed pill), not 2 or you will vomit then continue the rest of the pack. I never had any pregnancy scare, my period always came on like clockwork.  In April of 2016, my period came on twice and the second time it did not go off for almost 4 weeks. My breasts were also super sensitive. My doctor switched me the next month. Other than that I had no issues and loved this birth control. I recommend to watch out for unusual signals that may present themselves."
"This is my first ever review on this site, but felt it was necessary. I have Crohn&#039;s disease, fibromyalgia and rheumatoid arthritis, and I am only 21 years old. I have been on Lyrica for about 2 months, best 2 months of my life. I have tried every medicine you could think of, minus pain killers. I am no longer constantly fatigued, anxiety, paranoia, pain levels drastically dropped, for the first time in my life I actually have thoughts racing through my brain, not one single panic attack, list goes on. I know a lot of people want to hear this, I have LOST weight like crazy, and have same sex drive. Try this before ANY antidepressant. Talking is sometimes harder for me, small price to pay though. I couldn&#039;t be happier with my life."
"I have been taking Zyprexa for a few years now and it definitely helping me. I now take Celexa, Wellbutirn, Zyprexa and Xanax.  I feel back to my old self again. Very pleased!!"
"Depression has improved somewhat, anxiety is improved.  I&#039;m not sure if it&#039;s part of the depression or the med but I experience fatigue.  I can get things done but still don&#039;t enjoy things like I used to.  Motivation and negative thoughts still an issue for me.  I am also working with a therapist which is helpful.  The thing is I know I can feel better than this.  Had genetic testing done; will discuss results with my MD &amp; possible try something different."
"Took about a year to stop having light constant periods, after that it has been great for me."
"I experienced no side effects from the 12 weeks of Harvoni that I could discern.  Any problems I had were there long before I started the Harvoni.

In the history of modern medicine, has technology ever been able to completely cure a chronic viral infection such as this?"
"I am thirty years old and have had hep c for about eight years. I was a very heavy IV drug user. After several years of abuse  and horrible situations, I decided to get clean. I started epclusa in February. Genotype 3a the more aggressive one, and I did blood work after three weeks, and there is no indication of any hepatitis left. In either test. I will continue to take the medicine for the rest of the twelve weeks. And I had some side effects, in the first three weeks it was worse, headaches, body aches, nausea, and fatigue. But now its a lot better. Still some side effects, but there not as prevalent. Definitely worth it in the whole scheme of things. Excited for a new chance in life #!!#."
"I suffered with weekly migraines for 30 years. I took 10 mg daily for slightly elevated blood pressure with no knowledge of migraine effects. After 3 months without a migraine I investigated lisinoprils effects on migraines and shared with my doctor, who did not know of the connection. Now 3 years later, my migraines are all but gone!"
"I been taking Zegrid and Prilosec for years. I&#039;m one week into Nexium and I feel way better! Whenever I drink something I feel awesome. No more little bit of discomfort. I&#039;m amazed! Haven&#039;t had GERD, gas blockage in my chest or gall bladder. I feel like normal drinking cold and warm. I haven tried a soda yet but I did have a half a beer and the bubbles did not bother me at all! It&#039;s been years since 2007. I&#039;m so happy and Nexium I thank you."
"Okay so. I&#039;ve been on Epiduo for about two and a half years now. I&#039;m a swimmer so my face is already dried out enough and I have to use a LOT of moisturiser. And for the past couple of times I&#039;ve put it on, waited for it to dry, about an hour later I put my moisturiser on and WITHIN MINUTES MY FACE WAS BURNING AND RED. I thought I was having an allergic reaction and was freak if out. so I wet a towel and just put it over my face. It took almost five minutes to calm down. It&#039;s done wonders for my skin but I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s worth it. if my skin dries out anymore wether it be from the chlorine or the Epiduo my face might just flake off all together."
"Previously on generic with onset symptoms. Now on Name brand and still transitioning from Aptiom which was not effective in controlling symptoms. Hoping name brand works."
"I LOVED these drops at first. Even was able to cut back on my nasal allergy medicine. However, after a month I had a terrible reaction to it and ended up looking like I had pink eye in both eyes, in addition to swollen horribly itchy eyelids. My luck, allergic to the allergy medicine. Don&#039;t panic if this happens to you, it&#039;ll go away in a couple of days."
"I have only been on Epitol for a few days but so far so good. Starting on 300mg twice a day. I have clear thoughts, no wants to destroy people who do simple stupid things, no impulsive decisions, nerve pain is controlled and overall I just feel good. I&#039;m also on Celexa, hoping this combination will do me justice."
"I&#039;m on my second Mirena. I had the first one put in after I had my youngest child. Unfortunately, my insurance did not cover it so I had to pay for it out of pocket. Other than the fact that the insertion is a bit uncomfortable (it&#039;s a sharp pinch and you may experience some light bleeding for a day or two) and the strings bothered my husband at first (I went back to the office and the ob-gyn trimmed them, and no problems since), I have had no problems at all. No pregnancy worries and virtually no periods at all (once a month I get the menstrual symptoms and maybe a little spotting for a day or two but not the heavy 6-8 day periods that I used to have to endure). I will be getting my third one in about a year."
"I had a liver transplantation in 1997, and been on Sadimmun Neoral for 13 years. In 2009 my Doctor decided to switch to Cellcept because my creatinine level rose from 1,3 to 1,7 (Kidney). I have been on both Neoral and Cellcept over the whole Summer of 2009. I did not feel well and finally in Nov. 2009 I had a Hyper Blood-sugar shock of 1402, Was hospitalized, now I am slowly recovering with Insulin BS 100-200. Ii switched back to Sandimmun 25-0-50 but my Doctor wants to switch again to Cellcept. I&#039;m afraid to get a Hyperglycemia again."
"I started taking this after my knee surgery, I found it to be be great. My recovery time was fast. I had no pain and lot&#039;s of energy. It started with 3 or 4 pills a day then after that it got to be 5 or 6 a day. I then had foot surgery. I had to take more for the pain to go away. This went on for 5 years. By the time I got help I was taking 20 to 25 pills A DAY. I now know that God is watching over me because if he wasn&#039;t I wouldn&#039;t be here now. I am now off of all pain killers but it took a lot of hard work. I&#039;m letting you know this because it creeps up on you before you even know it. Vicodin may help you at first and you may be able to control it. I thought I could. I&#039;m just asking you please be careful with this medicine."
"I love this birth control. My period used to be very heavy and it would last for at least a week of every month. I would be nauseous for at least two days, have cramps so badly I had to stay home some days and my PMS and mood swings were terrible. YUCK! I started Loestrin 24 because I heard it could help shorten my peroid. I have been on it for two years and over time my period shortened until it never lasts more than four days, and it lightened up enough I didn&#039;t have to limit my activities any longer because of my need to have a bathroom in close range for days on end. It helped clear up my acne, never caused weight gain, stopped my cramps, and I don&#039;t get nearly as moody. I did start craving chocolate like you wouldn&#039;t believe though."
"Recently I switched from Lexapro to Wellbrutrin XL due to what seemed to be decreased efficacy. I have never been so miserable in my life! After 2 weeks I was feeling dizzy and had vertigo which my doctor said should subside. The good news is that it did. The bad news is I started feeling tingling and numbness in my hands and feet. This feeling did not go away. I also experiences nausea, vomiting, severe agitation and general malaise. After 5 weeks of being on Wellbutrin I called my doctor and told her my symptoms. She has put me on Effexor but I can&#039;t start the medication till my symptoms go away which I hope will be soon cause I think my family has about had it with me this last month. I hope Effexor helps and soon! Take care everyone!"
"I&#039;ve been on Latuda for about 6 weeks for Bipolar depression. It is one of the most effective medications that I have taken for depression but I&#039;m dealing with a few side effects that I hope will go away. I have the paradox of extreme tiredness followed by difficulty sleeping. If I take it during the day I will have a few hours of fighting falling asleep. When I take it at night (which is what I do now) after the initial sleepiness wears off I wake up several times and am somewhat restless. Hopefully I will be able to adjust better over time. If you need something that works fast for depression I would recommend."
"Love this medication...started this medication end of June CD#4 was 250 just one month later it is 432. HIV copies in blood started out at 7000 and now one month later is 21. I have lots of energy ..eating healthy and staying active.I&#039;m 52 .I&#039;ve had no side effects."
"This pill has been a real terror for me as far as breakthrough bleeding. Lately I&#039;m on my &quot;period&quot; more often than not.... I have the worst PMS symptoms. I ignored it the first several months but I&#039;m going on my 8th month now and so Ive given up hope. Onto the next one!"
"I started using it last night and I have not started sweating yet today! Normally I will have sweat rings under my arms within an hour of sitting at my desk in my air conditioned office but not today! It did burn a little last night but it seems like it only burns when the medicine is activated with moisture. I used the blow dryer on a cool setting to dry my armpits after washing last night to make sure they were completely dry and it didn&#039;t burn at all while applying. I have been living with this condition since 6th grade and I am 24 now. I am going to apply it to my sweaty feet tonight and hopefully it will work just as well!"
"It works. However 30 minutes after I took it, I had very sharp cramps. I started my period 2 weeks later, and it was the worst period ever. It was extremely heavy, long, I had horrible headaches and cramps, and it made my period look like real blood like I had been cut or something.  I wouldn&#039;t recommend using it often. That being said, yes it does work but I hope I don&#039;t ever have to use it again."
"With the mycophenolate mofetil I take 500 MG Tabs, 3 tablets two times a day. I find it makes me drowsy and nauseous.  Plus, right now, it&rsquo;s not helping the pain in my hands and fingers."
"I have frequent bladder infections/UTIs. I have always, with the exception of a one-time prescription to Augmentin, taken Cipro. It gets rid of the infection, but I have concerns about frequent, long-term use of the drug. I have taken Cipro for THREE different illnesses, so it&#039;s very versatile, however it tends to give me a yeast infection."
"I tested positive for flu on my second day of being sick. The doctor told me I MUST eat something before taking tamiflu or I could possibly have violent vomiting. Even though I was very dehydrated and nauseous already, I managed to eat a few saltines with ice chips. The only issue I had was strange dreams. By the second day of taking tamiflu I felt 80% better. Highly recommend but difficult to get unless you test positive."
"This was the first time I received Metronidazole for a tooth infection, usually they prescribe Keflex (cephalexin) or Amoxacillin. I would say that the Metronidazole worked quicker at easing the pain and It wasn&#039;t a capsule so I had an easier time swallowing it however, I have been suffering serious nausea followed by diarhea since I began taking it. Then last night without thinking about the interaction had a few drinks and spent the night vomiting and very ill with nausea, dry heaves etc. DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL WITH THIS MEDICINE and always read your labels and accompanying info, I usually do but I&#039;ve never had any kind of reaction to an antibiotic so I got lazy I suppose, because it was clearly stated on the bottle."
"I had to go back on atripla. Genvoya gave me dizzy spells. I took it for one month stopped 5 days ago and I&#039;m still having dizzy spells. I cannot find if anyone else is having the same side effects. wondering how long it will still stay in my system and keep me dizzy &amp; and I get jittery!"
"Not bad at all considering all the bad things I&#039;d heard about the prep I&#039;m more nervous about the colonoscopy. The mud butt last about 4 hours only thing I really noticed was a loud stomach"
"I started this drug as part of a program - medical doctor, therapist, on-line support, benzo&#039;s for withdrawls and this. Currently 67 days sober and I think this drug is a miracle. I&#039;ve drank everyday for over 30 years but no more.

Removes the cravings. You still have to go thru physical and mental challenges from quitting alcohol. Need to fill the void created so it is a part of the program.

I do get headaches (I never got headaches before). Spacey at times, unmotivated, but that seems like not drinking after you get past the pink bubble phase. 

Life begins new for me."
"Diagnosed 1 yr ago Gen type 3 after other issues were being investigated. Now Into my second week of treatment no side effects to report , except tiredness and fatigue which I was already experiencing for many years . I was also suffering from aches and pains, liver pain, &amp; dare I say it but I think I can already feel improvement, &quot; touch wood&quot;. 
I have also been diagnosed with liver disease , not sure if the Hep C has caused this or my social drinking. I am now obviously abstaining .
I go back for my first meds/bloods check in a few days, I will keep you guys upto date, best wishes to you all.
Thank you Gilead and the UK NHS without either I suspect I would be on my way to the Grand Lodge Above"
"Stage 2B prostate cancer. Proton beam therapy coupled with six months on Lupron. Dreaded getting the second 3-month shot. Side-effects: Almost total loss of libido and sexual function within 30 days--lasting for several months post usage; debilitating hot flashes (2X/hour, 24/7); 15 pounds of weight gain; 50% increase in cholesterol under same diet; dangerous liver impact (GGT &gt; 130) w/o alcohol use; significant breast growth."
"Because this works for some I will not say it is a bad medication. It did bring down my blood pressure, however, for the week I took it I could not sleep more than an hour or two at a time. I have both a pulse ox meter as well as a BP meter and started keeping close watch and found that while on Lisinopril my resting pulse went very low. It was 44 at one point and rarely went above 70. My Dr was not concerned because he said that it did not stay in the low range, however, in my conclusion I believe that I was not sleeping because my pulse went too low and I was forced to wake up in order to get my resting pulse to raise enough to keep me alive. After stopping the medication my resting pulse went back up to its normal rate of around 60-75."
"It was like my first YI all over again. It was painful and irritating and so annoying... My sister told me to get the one day treatment and so I did because I didn&#039;t think I could do it for 7 days like I couldn&#039;t even sit down to come swollen my stuff got due to irritation... 
I inserted the treatment and my vag felt the same burn it did as before... Just copped it down a little... I put a liner on so it would drain and I changed it on the hour this was like 9pm. The next morning it still burned and irritated me just as it did the night before... Sis said to wait it works... Right now I have very little irritation... I am infection prone... But the one day worked for me ..."
"I gave it exactly a year. I&#039;m giving it up because 1. I&#039;m seemingly too busy to have sex and 2. Too busy to remember to take them. I noticed my hair thinning out in the first few months, but my skin was a lot clearer. My cramps went away and my period became shorter and lighter. I&#039;m naturally very small, but have been able to gain weight before (though slowly). Since on the pill I&#039;ve been dropping pounds that I can&#039;t afford to. Mood swings were not as bad on this pill as when I was on ortho trycyclen low. I think I&#039;m going to take a break and see how my body reacts."
"I was diagnosed with severe migraines a little over a year and a half ago. I was prescribed Nortriptyline as an everyday medication and Imitrex as a &quot;needed emergency pain reliever.&quot; The Nortriptyline doesn&#039;t always work, and since I am a teenager, I am still in school. If I get a migraine in school, I am supposed to take an Imitrex and go straight back to class. Unfortunately for me, the Imitrex makes me extremely drowsy and sometimes delirious, usually forcing me to go home and still live with the pain of migraines for at least another 12 hours, but it can still last for up to 3 days afterwards. Thankfully, the Nortriptyline works 95% of the time, but the Imitrex only works a good 75% of the time, and then I&#039;m still put out of commission."
"I have been on Femcon FE for 3 years now. I was on Yasmin previously for 6 months and experienced a 20lb weight gain, mood swings, acne, the works. I&#039;ve had no MAJOR side effects with Femcon (I have noticed a slight decrease in my sex drive) but am starting to look elsewhere for the sheer reason that it costs me $50 a pack. If you can afford it and you&#039;ve had problems with pills like Yasmin that most people agree with, I highly recommend Femcon."
"This medicine has been prescribed to both myself and my husband. It made both of us feel much sicker than the original conditions it was meant to treat."
"I have been on Abilify (10mg) for the past 3 weeks. It has been very helpful with my psychosis/hallucinations. I have only hallucinated twice in the past 3 weeks. There have been some complications though. I have experience side effects of nausea, light-headedness, being constantly tired, and dizziness. My depression seems to be lightening up every day and that it wonderful."
"I have been on Pristiq for 10 days now.  The first two and a half days I felt sick, dizzy and fuzzy.  I have had no side effects since.  Lost 2.5 lbs the first week, which is a plus. Was on Lexapro a few years ago and gained a lot of weight.  I also suffer from panic attacks and am taking Xanax when needed.  Going through divorce, 23 year marriage."
"I experienced a continuous outbreak of very itchy, irritating hives for four months at which time I took Benadryl once daily, bathe in cool water and doused myself with calamine lotion to get relief. Just as I was anticipating seeing an allergen Doctor, I asked my best friend&#039;s daughter who is a nurse if she could recommend anything other than the Benadryl. She vehemently responded &quot;Zyrtec&quot;.  She explained that her 20 year old daughter is an eight years hives sufferer and her only relief is Zyrtec. I begin taking one dose of Zyrtec on a Wednesday, had no breakout on Thursday, Friday or Saturday. In a weeks time I&#039;ve taken a total of three Zyrtec - no hives. Thank you Zyrtec maker!!!"
"I am taking Livalo for several months due to the fact that other statins caused a lot of muscle pains. It has help my cholesterol levels a lot.  My issue is now my glucose levels are high which is not normal for me. My doctor thought I could be diabetic . My glucose levels were normal before starting on this. Also after reading the other reviews I may have other reactions from it. Lower back pain that is dull. Shoulder and neck pain and headaches. I didn&#039;t connect it. I went to the Chiropractor to try and  help that. Now. I think it&#039;s time to discuss with my doctor that it could all be from the Livalo ."
"This did not work at all"
"Caused major depression. Was on many strong medications for years before reading how Yaz could be the problem. Went off Yaz and depression disappeared. No more strong medication. No sex drive while on pill. Very dry during sex. Also had a terrible scarring breakout after coming off of it. Only gave it two stars because I did not get pregnant so it &quot;did its jobs.&quot;"
"Celebrex has been wonderful for me--I never thought I would be able to regain mobility as well as I have.  I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects at all.  It took weeks to work, but I couldn&#039;t be more pleased with it now.  I&#039;ve noticed on some of the comments here that it worked immediately for some people, but it&#039;s not always like that, so be patient and give it time--hope this helps!"
"I was prescribed Viibryd for Major Depressive Disorder. Felt a little better after 2 weeks on the 30 day sample pack, but when I got up to 40 mg after 2 pills I started experiencing drug induced psychosis (heard a man&#039;s voice whispering one morning while I was alone, which I never had before), and also felt no emotions and felt floaty like nothing mattered. Then my doctor dropped me back down to 20 mg, generally I have been great around other people, but only recently in the past few weeks have I started feeling a heaviness in my chest like I feel like crying, and a constant feeling of being fat even though I exercise and eat regularly and only weigh around 135-139pds. I&#039;m not sure if the medication is working for me anymore."
"Awful anxiety and depression. 25 years. Can&#039;t count the &quot;new and (therefore) better&quot; SSRI drugs I tried.  On Parnate, I noticed a tremendous improvement in 2 to 3 weeks.  And it kept getting better!  Depression and anxiety wiped away, not embarrassed to be myself anymore, social, enjoying life! 

Dietary restrictions are so miniscule as to be laughable. And no red wine? Chocolate?  Hah!  90% of the things they tell you not to eat are bogus or unproblematic nowadays.

SSRIs CAN&#039;T RAISE SEROTONIN LEVELS anywhere near what an MAOI is capable of. And the Dopamine increase may be what has helped my energy and joy for life again. Severe and treatment resistant?  Google Ken Gillman and start living."
"This works within 30 mins. After the first pill my legs stopped burning and tingling one of the only medicines I ever found that worked so fast."
"I had this inserted in October 2013 after consulting with my doctor, who pushed it for the convenience. Insertion was quick and painless, with minor stinging. The first 2 months were AWFUL with acne, depression, crying, and mood swings, which stabilized once I recognized the cause. Months 4 to 6 were even worse because I would not stop bleeding. Numerous times I wanted it removed, but my doctor told me to give my body 6 months to adjust. Finally after almost 10 months my body is doing better. Bleeding has stopped for 6 weeks and counting although I am fighting slight weight gain of 3 to 5 pounds. Yes, you cannot beat the convenience, but you need to seriously consider the side effects because they were unbearable many times for me."
"I&#039;m so frustrated to see EVERYONE having a positive experience with this medication, except for ME!!!  Although I am happy for those it has helped, it does nothing for me but make me queasy and ruin the taste of my wine. I&#039;ve been taking it about 2 1/2 months and keep hoping that one day I will look at my bottle of wine and have no desire to pop the cork. Has anyone out there had to wait this long to reap the benefits of this drug? I&#039;m about ready to give up unless someone tells me that it took them a while to feel the effects as well......

Still hoping"
"This birth control caused a HUGE increase in my appetite and water retention. I also developed a lot of cellulite while using the NuvaRing, which was peculiar because I never had cellulite prior to using this birth control and I remained fairly active the whole time I was on NuvaRing. "
"This helped with breathing and pain from angina but the side effects to the digestive system greatly out wayed this. I experienced severe constipation, bloating and acid reflux when taking the 350 dose. This became so severe over a 2 week period that I had to stop taking the medication."
"Anafranil has always worked superbly for my obsessive compulsive disorder and I have used this medicine intermittently for 30 years. My mistake has always been to completely stop when I feel well - it always comes back.  

Although an amazing medicine, the downside is that it takes about 8 weeks for the medicine to work and before that I usually feel worse. And the side effects can be a challenge."
"Works"
"I&#039;ve been using Camilla for 2-3 years now. I have not had any pregnancies. I am unable to use estrogen pills because of side effects and Camila has been a lot better in terms of that. However, after about a year of using it my periods are incredibly irregular. I&#039;ll sometimes get them every two weeks, sometimes I won&#039;t have one for 2 months, and sometimes I&#039;ll spot all month long. Compared to the estrogen pill problems I had it&#039;s okay, but if you&#039;re planning on using Camila to regulate periods- good luck."
"Took this for about 4 years and had throat swelling, feeling like something wrapped around my neck, swallowing issues and hoarseness. Blamed it on an operation to remove a cyst in my neck but the symptoms were not from that procedure according to my ENT. I  stopped using it for two years and as my COPD worsened my doc put me back on it. Bang those symptoms came right back. I am now on Tudorza and doing better without those side effects."
"My pregnancy has brought on horrible acid reflex. I spend most of my days puking acid, and being on fire. This occurs from NOT eating, AND eating. I&#039;ve never experienced anything like this fire. I&#039;ve tried Nexium, tums, Maalox. None helped me. I bought Zantac just two days ago, and its made a change. I still have to be very strict on timing, and what brings on even harsher acid. 
HERE IS THE ZANTAC STEPS THAT WORK FOR ME. 
Eat, and let the acid come on. I don&#039;t take it till my food has gone down a bit. Maybe 30 mins after. Its hard to stand the sizzle, but if I take it too soon, I don&#039;t feel it. 
So I take it with a small amount of water at first. 
It&#039;s pretty intense, but fast working."
"I been on Chantix for three weeks and half. I haven&#039;t had cirgette or vaporizer 22 days. And no side effects. I really truly recommend Chantix. I was a heavy social smoker."
"I have been dealing with depression/major depressive disorder for 10 years. Finally I had enough of the depressive episodes and anxiety. I&#039;m taking Abilify 2mg (AM) and Seroquel 200mg (PM). This is the best I&#039;ve felt in years. I also haven&#039;t gained weight, I did have some dizziness but that lasted about a week, and is now gone. It took about two weeks to start seeing a difference in my mood."
"By far the only things that&#039;s touched my back pain. Got 3 rods, 6 pins going from T10-T12. Been on literally every pain medicine except the pump."
"This medicine work great.  Had to take it twice a day for one week"
"Burning and itching with Monistat 1,3, and 7 in my experience. Best way to deal with it is calendula salve on vulva, Benadryl, and ice pack on your lady parts. Duration of the medication is horrible but it will clear up your yeast infection!"
"Been on Ambien for five years, created tolerance and dependence.  The doctor have me belsomra.  Used it for two months, helped me wean off the ambien, but not at all to help me with my insomnia.  Now trying trazadone, and it works for me."
"I was on this birth control for about a year and a half and at first I liked it. I had completely stopped having a period all together. It is very convenient only having a shot every three months instead of taking a pill every day. But after about 6 months I had a change in appetite and was hungry all the time and in a years time I gained 30 pounds. My acne seemed to get worse and nothing would help. I went off the drug about a month ago and have already lost 10 pounds. It would be a great choice if not for those side effects."
"After a modified radical mastectomy for stage 3 breast cancer, I took letrozole for 5 years and my tumor marker test (CA 15-3) remained low. My oncologist and I decided that without any indication of malignancy I could safely go off the letrozole. After 2 years off it my (CA 15-3) blood test shot up and I was diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer on my chest wall. I resumed taking letrozole and had 36 radiation treatments. I have taken letrozole for 7 months now and my most current CT scan showed the lesion was gone. I know the radiation destroyed most of the lesion but I&#039;m sure the letrozole helped a lot with the rest. I probably will take letrozole for the rest of my life."
"This patch worked very well! Made me a little tummy queezy but, worth it!"
"I was diagnosed with heart failure back in 2002.   The doctors started me on coreg and it definitely worked.   My EF went from 39 to 56 over time.   I have been on coreg since that time to treat my blood pressure problems and my EF has been normal since.   I will always be on high blood pressure pills because even with a weight loss of 90 lbs since 2002, I still have high BP.   Coreg is one of the few meds that does not give me any side effects and works great."
"Twice now - more fool me - I have bought the original nasal spray and had the top take everything off when I opened it, rendering the product USELESS. 
It&#039;s annoying you can&#039;t rely on what was once a strong brand."
"Started Entyvio in the middle of a flare up. I&#039;ve had the most side effects from this one as compared to all past treatments. Frequent moderate-severe sinus headaches. Flushing, hot feeling. Took 9 months before we saw improvement but I was also on budesonide which might have been the cause of the improvement. Unfortunately it just doesn&#039;t seem worth it. I&#039;ve heard better results for UC patients."
"I&#039;ve had my insertion since March 2015 my period stayed on for two weeks. The next month (April) I received the end of period bleeding for 3 days. At the end of May the end of period bleeding came back for one week and right after spotting occurred and haven&#039;t stopped which means I am going into week three of bleeding. I AM NOW GETTING ANNOYED"
"It took me 15 years of horrible struggles with all types of acne. Cysts, whiteheads, blackheads - everything. My dermatologist had put me on antibiotics which never worked. I got depressed and didn&#039;t even want anyone to see my face and lost a lot of confidence. Acutane has been the only thing that clears my skin and even made me feel younger."
"I have about 9 months left out of my three years with Implanon and I&#039;m glad to see that girls have a lot of good things to say about this method of birth control. Sadly, that is not my case. My first year was okay, my periods were light and sometimes non existent. Although I did still have the cramps and PMS. As I was coming up on the 2nd year, just two months before, I did have a period that was full of heavy bleeding and painful cramps. This one lasted almost 3 months! I got extremely sick and anemic. Since then my periods have returned to normal. It is a good way to not get pregnant and I didn&#039;t notice any weight gain."
"I&#039;ve been on Fetzima 3 months.  I take the 40 MG extended release.  This has been the best medication I have been on. I have increased energy. I can focus and stay on task. I do not feel hopeless and have an opinion now.  The side effects I have are dry mouth, constipation, my face and chest will turn red and feel hot to me at times, my neck will break out. I have also had some irritability and anger. I feel like this is because I walked around is a fog with no thoughts or opinions for so long that now I&#039;m engaged in life and paying attention somethings that use to not bother me do now.  For me my effects from this medication have not changed at all.  The benefits definitely outweigh the mild side effects."
"I love Ampyra. I have been taking Ampyra for 3 months I feel much stronger I&#039;m back going to the gym every morning for 2 hours."
"I&#039;ve had Mirena in for a little over a year now. I&#039;m 20 now. When I first got it, it was so painful and the pain did not stop there. I had severe cramps and pains for about 2 weeks after I got it put in. After the pain stopped, I loved Mirena! I haven&#039;t had a period at all in 9 months, the best thing ever. Then I noticed I gained about 15lbs, and I&#039;m normally really skinny without having to lift a finger. Then I started to get acne all over my back! I never got acne on my back and now it&#039;s everywhere. I have had some pains in my side! They are so painful. I had to pull over my car sometimes because they would get so bad. I&#039;m getting Mirena out."
"Works almost instantly, and a while even after you used it all up"
"I am half way through my second implant! I cannot lie. I love it. First 2 months were hell but you have to let your body get used to the fact you have a hormone replacement. You cannot expect it to be quick change over. My skin has stayed the same. Weight pretty similar a little heavy but that is due to my eating!! I will say I do have a low sex drive but unfortunately I think that&#039;s just me!! I have some read some people really slating the implant but by there own admission they have only tried it for a week or so?? You can&#039;t expect it to be a dream at the beginning you are changing your body&#039;s way of working. I recommend giving it at least 6 months. I went through the long period but now I haven&#039;t had period in 4 years!! hope this help"
"I got bucked off my horse on sat and had to go to the ER I can barely move and they gave me this for pain and I haven&#039;t had one once of relief from pain all it does is make me sleepy"
"I suffered from iron deficiency and i was put on iron tablets. With these they cause constipation so my doctor also prescribed lactulose. It works really well and it give you alot of gas and a bowel movement within eight hours of taking the medicine."
"Took Abilify for 4 days.  Had nausea for those 4 days and several days after I stopped taking it.  I also have a twitch in my lower lip that is still there 7 months later."
"For almost four years my life was completely out of control, what had started out as playful became my worst nightmare. I spent several years homeless, and in and out of institutions. Eventually, I had hit my rock  bottom and became desperate enough to fully surrender, that meant quitting alcohol, and putting down needle. Vivitrol helped me stay stopped. Before getting the shot I used to have cravings all day every day. Now I am to go about my day without worrying if today is the day that I relapse. Vivitrol gave me the extra push to stay clean and go about living a normal life. Cocaine/Mali etc users don&#039;t have anything to help them staying clean. So I am truly grateful for this drug! It helped me realize that life can be wonderful without drugs"
"I am 29 years old with no children, I have not been on any type of birth control for the past 3 years. My boyfriend wanted me to get on some sort of birth control.  I choose the ParaGard for that fact that it has no hormones and it last for 10 years. I just had it put in 3 days ago. It was hands down the worse pain I have ever felt in my life.  She had to clamp my uterus with a pair of forceps to keep it from moving away from her. The procedure took about 5- 10 minutes total.  After it was finished I sat up and immediately felt dizzy and lightheaded. I had to lay down for 10 minutes.  I then drove home and played in agony for about 3 hours.  After that it was bearable pain and cramping."
"This is the best SSRI antidepressant I&#039;ve ever taken.  Minimal side effects.  Started to feel noticeably better after just one week.  If you&#039;re not concerned about your sex life, I&#039;d highly recommend it.  It does decrease sex drive.  I switched to Remeron as a result.  "
"This is effective in terms of keeping me from getting pregnant. I was a little upset my pharmacy gave me something new without telling me, but I tried it anyways. My previous bc didn&#039;t make me lose weight or gain weight. Made it constant unless I worked out it. 
This new bc I&#039;ve been taking for three months now made me gain back weight that took me a long time to lose. I&#039;m pretty upset. It makes me act out and more depressed than I am on random times. I&#039;m more upset about it making me gain weight. I also break out a little more than usual. I already have bad acne, but I noticed I get it more often now. Either than that.  No baby. No other side effects I noticed. I will be asking my pharmacy to change my bc when I am done with my last one."
"Since I moved into a new house I began having respiratory problems, occasional wheezing and breathing difficulty with exertion. Allergies came back negative and antihistamines had no effect so my dr gave me an inhaler and sinulair. I started on singulair first to avoid taking extra medications I might not need. 

From the first day on Singulair the mild symptoms I had improved but I also had a mild headache most of the time.  By the 3rd day the headache became horrible, so much pain that I felt nausua and chills.  I will not be taking it again ever."
"Osteoarthritis in both knees.  I had a cortisone injection and it worked great but only lasted about eight weeks.  It was too soon to receive another cortisone shot so Euflexxa was recommended by the PA.

I received the three shots of Euflexxa over a three week period.  This was a total waste of time and money as the shots provided no relief at all.  It is my understanding that the insurance companies are going to discontinue covering this procedure in the very near future."
"I&#039;m 28 weeks into my pregnancy with a YI my doctor recommended this product I was fine for the first half an hour but now I&#039;m burning beyond belief I had no itching prior to taking the prefilled cream now my vagina is on fire and when I pee it&#039;s excruciating ! NEVER AGAIN !"
"I was prescribed this generic for a raging infection contracted when I had a small surgical procedure done on my finger.  Within 24 hours of the procedure, my finger was inflamed and throbbing.  Keeflex was first prescribed and another 24 hours later was determined it had not touched the infection.  So, I was given Zyvox.  It totally eradicated the germ I had contracted.  I did have some bothersome side effects, mostly with my stomach just not feeling right.  Later in the second week, my tongue turned brown, but no other problems.  I was very tired most of the time, and could not decide if it was the med or the infection."
"I think this medication has really helped my state of mind and my ability to cope with new situations that I come across.  Some side effects, mainly the restlessness, is something I have an issue with, but its entirely manageable.  I feel like this medication has dramatically improved my quality of life."
"I started this med in September of 2015.  I have been on 30 psychotropic medications over the past twenty years to manage my MDD and anxiety.  Had 30-ish ECT treatments as well.  Also have regular CBT therapy.  Nothing was working for more than a couple of months.

However I started Trintellix and saw improvement within a month.  After a decade of a depressive episode that I never got into remission from, I was in partial remission.  No, it isn&#039;t complete remission but I&#039;ve dealt with the fact that that may not be in the cards for me.  

I haven&#039;t had active suicidal thoughts in a year.  Until that point, I hadn&#039;t gone without suicidal thoughts for more than a month.  

This drug has been a life saver for me.  No side effects."
"I been suffering with migraines for 6 years. I was hospitalized because of nausea, dizziness, blurred vision etc. 6 years ago and my nuerologist prescribed me Imitrex (Sumatriptan) and Fioricet. The Imitrex stops the migraines as soon as I took them but the Fioricet was the pill that I was suppose to take on a daily use. But the migraines just kept on coming everyday. Not a day go by without a constant migraine. I was recently hospitalized and was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis ... my doctor in the hospital was a neurologist. I was not sleeping and started suffering from insomnia. My neurologist prescribed me Amitriptyline HCL 10MG. Yesterday was the first time I took the pill and its a miracle. No migraines today."
"First 3 weeks on the medicine and I felt worse, I started self harming and experienced suicidal thoughts (though apparently this is quite common), I got worried so went back to doctors who upped my dose to 40mg. 40mg gave me headaches, made me feel quite aggressive, lost a bit of weight due to decreased appetite and kept me up at night. Went back to the doctors and told him side effects so he dropped it back down to 20mg to ween me off it so I could try Mirtazapine. A couple of days after speaking to the doctor, I started to feel a lot more positive and happy and touch wood, a week later and I feel the same! I was meant to start taking the Mirtazapine today, but I think the Fluoxetine has slowly kicked in so Im sticking with it!"
"I&#039;ve been taking Aviane for a little over a week now. So far it&#039;s alright. Though I have noticed that my boobs hurt extremely bad and I have been spotting non stop the whole time. Also I am breaking out and I normally have clear skin. But I suppose it could just be my body adjusting to it."
"I have been on Effexor XR 225 mg and Valium 5 mg for 8 years and in the last year or so started getting more depressed again.  I went on Abilify 2 mg 2 weeks ago and feel like living again.  I went out and did errands and visited and shopped for 4 days in a row which was nearly a miracle.  The doctor raised it to 5 mg yesterday and so far I feel fantastic!  I sure hope it lasts!"
"Was taking this medication for a seizure disorder. I was on it for a about 4 0r 5 months, but had to go off of it because of all the side effects. I was extremely depressed, crying at least 7 or 8 times a day. Memory loss, could not sleep, tingling in feet and hands. The only good thing about it was I lost 32 lbs in about 6 weeks. "
"I&rsquo;ve been on this pill for about 2 years, it raised by blood pressure, I gained about 20 pounds and my acne got slightly worse. I don&rsquo;t know why it took me so long to get off of it but I&rsquo;m so happy I did."
"I have to give it 10 out of 10, as it changed my life. After years of injecting other meds and continuing to relapse, I started on Tysabri in 2009. I can honestly say that I cannot work full time without it, as the fatigue is greatly improved whilst on it. I have come off to get pregnant, and then continued back on after two babies. My last MRI showed that some of my lesions actually got smaller, and I have not had any brain atrophy whilst being on this drug. The only side effect I notice is slightly thinner hair. This is a drug that can have serious implications, and I think the choice to take it must be thought carefully, weighing all the benefits and risks. But for me, it has saved my life for 7 years."
"I have horrible acne but just starting Lo Loestrin has cleared up my skin so much! I&#039;m on my 9th day. I noticed I cry really easy now but not the bad kind for no reason I cry for sad movies and when I gave my rabbit away because we are moving. I&#039;m 23 and don&#039;t use it for painful periods but to help with my mood and acne. I&#039;ll have to wait and see if it helps with my mood. I did notice I don&#039;t sleep as much. I need a good 10 hours at night and nap. Hope it works for others too."
"I took Latuda yesterday for the first time. I took it around 5 pm. I couldn&#039;t sleep well during the night but that was probably just getting used to the medicine. Went for a walk for exercise felt great. Felt pleasure again. Felt joy and happiness and love."
"I was initially approved for and was given 2 treatments of Humira for A.S.  Within 1 month, I noticed a dramatic improvement in my symptoms: reduced pain and increase in physical function.  Then my insurance company, Blue Shield of CA decided not to approve this treatment, indicating that I needed to try a cheaper medication, methotrexate along with a NSAID.  I have been on numerous NSAIDs, the only one which was successful in pain control was Celebrex, which they also denied approval.  I have not gotten the safe effect from the methotrexate and naproxen, in fact, I have never felt this bad even before the Humira.  I am appealing the denial of this wonder drug so that I may resume its use."
"My wife who I dearly love recently left me (splitting up my family) at a time while my business is also failing and I&#039;m suddenly in a position where I&#039;m afraid I won&#039;t be able to make it financially. The depression and grief led to anxiety and eventually panic. Completely unable to function.  Minutes seemed like hours. A struggle to get through each day. Only to like awake all night. At one point got a total of 4 hours of sleep over 5 days. A total wreck about to be institutionalized. Reached crisis mode and was given Klonopin - 1.5 mg/day spread over 3 doses. Anxiety/panic diminished greatly and allowed me to finally SLEEP. Progressively improving. A true life saver. Not worried about tapering later."
"I have used Zoladex 3 month implant for 9 months, as I suffer from Pulmonary Endometriosis. Zoladex was the only medication that successfully stopped my periods, and to stop my lungs collapsing every cycle. Positives would be no mood swings, clear skin, and no periods therefore no pain. Negatives would be I gained 10 kilos, which I&#039;m working on losing, but the weight was better than having horrific lung pain. I did have a small amount of bone pain, but this has stopped since I&#039;ve been off the medication for a month. The other negative is its only subsidized in some parts of Australia. One state its $25 the other $1000 for three months. I hope this helps. In many ways Zoladex has helped me live a normal life again."
"First couple of months I had a longer then usual period. After about 2 months in it completely stopped although I had light craps and mood swings through out the first couple of months no weight gain. Perks of having the implant, not having to worry about missed pills (although I was never good at taking pill form birth control) No shot and yet still having periods ! All around the implants been good to me. Would highly recommend it to anyone with an irregular period!!!   Haha good luck ladies!"
"I&#039;ve been taking this medicine for a week now. No bad side effects other than a bit of wind. If you stick to your diet, there won&#039;t be any oil or accidents. Started at 80kg and aiming to get down to 60. Hoping the hard work pays off when I have a weigh in!"
"My urologist prescribed Toviaz 8mg timed release for symptoms of OAB (frequency, constant urge, etc.). I took it everyday for 25 days. I noticed a very small difference in frequency during the night, but nothing major. In the morning, I would actually have a stronger urge than before. After about 2 weeks on it, I started to feel very dizzy. I thought it was a cold or a migraine and kept taking the medication. After about a week of extreme dizziness and feeling slightly nauseous because of it, I realized it must have been the Toviaz. I stopped taking it and the dizziness passed within 24 hours. Also my mind cleared and I realized I had major brain fog on it. No other side effects though. Just not worth it for me. Perhaps I&#039;ll try again later"
"I have never wrote a review on a product before but I had to share my experience with this one because it&#039;s soooo good. I had really bad acne on my forehead that didn&#039;t wanna go away no matter what I used and finally I went to the doctor and he prescribed me Benzaclin. I used this a week straight and my skin was so much better. After 3 weeks all my acne was gone basically! The only thing that sucks is that if I stop using it a couple of weeks later my acne gets really bad again so u have to keep using it"
"This gives the best results. I am finding that it is difficult to get the physicians to write a prescription for this medication on my follow up visit. I have been told it is too much of a CNS depressant. In years past when I have been injured, I never had this problem. "
"I had Depo Provera for 3 years which I did love and never had a period. After awhile I started to lose my sex drive. My friend recommended Implanon, so I decided to try it out. The numbing shot was the worst part and it was only a cold sensation. While inserting the device the doctor commented &quot;Your skin is tight, you may feel pressure.&quot; I did not feel a THING!! The next day it was a little tender but not bad, did have some itching but that is normal for anything healing, had small bruise few days, very light bleeding for about a week, still have no period, and increased sex drive. There is now a small scar but it is nothing noticeable. I will definitely be getting another reinserted once this ones 3 years is up. I have had it since Oct &#039;12."
"Works fine but shots are easier"
"So far, my experience has been a good one.  This is my first time being on any medication and my biggest fear was the possible side effects.  I have had a slight headache (once or twice), and dizzy a few times.  I will take these side effects any day over some of the ones I&#039;ve seen from other patients. Overall it has been a good experience!"
"I have had migraines for over 10 years and have tried many different drugs. My doctor gave me Sumavel to try about a week ago (just in time for another migraine attack). The initial injection did hurt but the relief that I was able to get only 10 minutes later was well worth it. I did have the &quot;burning sensation&quot; in my face for a few minutes and felt weak for about 30 minutes but for me that is much better than the pain of a migraine. The only problem that I had was it seemed to only work for a few hours for me the first time I tried it. I&#039;m willing to give this medicine time to work because it has by far done so much more for me than any other medicine that I have tried."
"Cardio Dr reduced original RX to 1 6.25mg tab per day.  Second day resulted in so many problems I concidered calling the paramedics. It was so bad I could not even think to call 911.  Totally stopped it and had two episodes of weird Dreams that interrupted sleep."
"Immediately after I took the first pill I was nauseated, it didn&#039;t matter if it was taken with food at all. I was feeling faint &amp; dizzy and definitely not in the mood for anything. I tortured my body for 6 days and I couldn&#039;t bring myself to swallow another pill on day 7. I was constantly feeling crappy and a few times I did throw up...I&#039;ve been off bc for over 15 years and I just continue to use condoms! Ps I only started it to regulate my period and I had just finished my period and started that Sunday, I&#039;ve been off the pill for 3 days after only taking it for 6 days and I&#039;m bleeding again ! So I had a period on august 30th and I&#039;m now on my period again and it&#039;s September 12th ! 13 days apart !!! NEVER AGAIN"
"I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 19, and I&#039;m now 23. I have a &quot;severe&quot; case as my psychologist &amp; therapist would say in the 1 visit I met with them. I started out on Adderall and Adderall XR, but had to stop taking it due to the side effects like mood swings and Parkinson&#039;s like shaking in my hands. So my dr changed my meds to Vyvanse. I&#039;ve been taking it for 1 yr and I no longer have mood swings or shake which is awesome because I don&#039;t think someone would like a shaking dental hygienist. I like Vyvanse because it still helps me concentrate, stay organized, and remember things that are told to me, but it wears off quickly. That is my only dislike about Vyvanse."
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 months now. It was my first ever so I was really nervous! While taking it everything was normal no side effects which was a plus! Before the pill my period was for 5-6 days and on the pill it was only 2-3 days which was great! In my 3rd and 4th month I was spotting A LOT! On top of that I was getting my period which was a pain! No weight gain and acne, my sex drive increased."
"Works well with anxiety, panic"
"I use a Medrol Dosepak when my Ankylosing Spondylitis (spinal arthritis-not rheumatoid or osteoarthritis) is in a bad flare with painful, swollen joints. The side effect I always get for a couple of days is severe hip and lower back bone pain. But once that goes away the drug works wonders! That&#039;s why many of us call it &quot;the drug with a double edged sword&quot; It works amazingly but can have side effects for some people. I give it a high rating because it gives me back a much higher quality of life."
"Black outs, mood change, depression."
"This medication changed my life for the better. I suffered severe anxiety and panic attacks 2 1/2 years prior to taking the medication. I feel like I am my old self now, and can fully enjoy my life, friends, family and develop to my full potential. Would definitely recommend to anyone facing similar issues. You don&#039;t have to suffer. There is definitely hope."
"Let&#039;s start off saying that medications work different for everybody. Personally it has not been bad for me like all of these other reviews. The first couple of weeks I did have mood swings, I was debating on stopping trinessa Lo, but I said maybe just my hormones need to regulate. Well they regulated. I started taking this birth control so I can stop getting hormonal break outs mid cycle. My acne wasn&#039;t horrible, I really just had oily skin and and a few cystic bumps that would leave red marks that looked ugly to me. I probably would get 7 a month? Something like that. Well the first 3 months I broke out a little more than usual. I had about 10 bumps on one cheek. On my 4th month and my skin is crystal clear!"
"I started phentermine 5/13/15 ... 37.5mg Starting weight was 167lbs. I had my first baby 8 months ago and gained a whopping 63 pounds! My doctor suggested this pill and so far I love it! I weighed myself today for the first time since I started and I lost 14 lbs in just 8 days!! I am beyond excited and have been able to notice change which gives me some hope to get back to normal! The first day I took it it was a crazy feeling and I didn&#039;t think I liked it, I was also up till about 4:30 am that morning. But now a week later the only side effect I have is slight dry mouth and I&#039;ve had a couple small headaches. I love how it completely takes away my appetite which makes me not crave any junk food and I&#039;m able to eat healthy small portions!!!"
"I started taking this pill over 1 week ago, ever since I have had horrible acne! Plus I have diabetes and my blood sugar levels have been very high since starting this pill. "
"I went to the doctor a week ago and I was told that I had upper respiratory infection (3rd one this year) so she gave me the usual antibiotic, phenergan with codeine cough medicine, and a antihistamine/decongestion medicine.  After a week of taking this still not feeling better. So I went back and she gave me a different antibiotic and the Tussionex cough medicine.  The cough medicine has allowed me to sleep most of the night but when I take it I am completely knocked out and loopy.  Still cough periodically but nothing like I was without it.  Even with insurance this medicine was $50 for 4 ounces but it&#039;s worth it!  I&#039;ve taken it before and really helps. Just waiting for the other medicines to do their jobs!"
"Ladies you will read more horror stories of bc than wonderful ones only because most reviews are written out of anger. So dont get scared off!  I love mirena I had my first inserted at 20 had it removed at 24 to become pregnant, became pregnant within 3 months. Had my second mirena inserted 6 weeks pp and have had just as well of an experience.  Have a real OBGYN insert this for you! Most horror stories of an IUD had been inserted from a family physician, they are not as well informed of the product or female anatomy and its not placed properly which causes it to get lodged elsewhere in the uterus. Trust your doctor ladies and know any bc carry risks or side effects. For me the benefits outweighs the risk and I have been very happy"
"HORRIBLE!! Just horrible! I surly wish I would&#039;ve read these reviews PRIOR to sticking this inside of me! The burning and itching is intense! Ice is working a little bit. I inserted at 10pm and woke up at midnight and can&#039;t go back to sleep now."
"I have really good insurance so the cost was not a problem. I&#039;ve been on this pill for 4 1/2 months and for the first three months everything was fine besides the bleeding and breast tenderness, I started months 4 everything was perfect! Halfway through week 5 I experienced awful cramping, bloating, constipation, and headaches, hopefully they will go away!  As long as I can get rid of that it would be a great pill due to the fact I&#039;m anemic and it helps to not have a period but 4 times a year!"
"Don&#039;t stray far from the toilet."
"I tried implanon in 2010 because I was on the pill prior and that whole ordeal made me feel disgusting with stomach upset, weight gain, painful cramps. I just got my implanon replaced for the 3rd time a week ago. (I&#039;m going on year #7 with this). I know that the dr. I go to agrees that women either love it or hate it. Right before I got it replaced for the third time, I started getting real periods again. My face started to have bad acne all over again. In my experience, I lose weight with implanon. My boobs actually get bigger. I never experience cramps while on implanon. Usually I go at least half a year without experiencing the spotting other users have described (it&#039;s been minimal). My experience has been very positive."
"I was started out on Avastin (chemotherapy agent). Didn&#039;t improve my amd - I went to medication #2 Lucentis, injection didn&#039;t really hurt-the pain after the shot was bad. Lucentis did not help. Started on Eylea. Another chemotherapy agent. Very painful after the shot. It would last for 48 hours or more. Very bad pain. Eylea did not improve my vision either. With everything combined; the risk of poisoning my eye ball just to reduce water on the retina? I did not want to end up with some form of eye cancer from the poison.  I still do not like the idea of that poison in my eye. No wonder the pain was so bad. Now I take 40mg Luetin. Vit A, Vit C &amp; zinc and daily green shakes. NOW my vision is improving with better diet!
NO JOKE!"
"I have only been taking Elavil for two weeks but I&#039;ve been in pain for twenty years, I also have big problems sleeping and staying asleep. Since I started Elavil I have less pain plus I sleep well. I actually had a no pain day which I have not had in a long time."
"Prescribed 1 x 5mg tablet 4 times a day to help me shift a persistant cough wasn&#039;t  expecting to be pain free with my tendonopathy. Within 2 days I could walk down stairs without having to put my foot on the same step. I even felt like I could run up stairs. Back at the dr&#039;s next week here&#039;s  hoping she lets me stay on them. Not had any side effects yet.. Fingers crossed...."
"This product is AMAZING. For my whole life i thought the condition I had was rosacea and spent literally &pound;100&#039;s of pounds on these worthless moisturisers thinking it would work Its magic.. But no. So I had enough of my bad skin and went to my GP. She actually said I had acne and prescribed me epiduo gel.. Which was &pound;8... Oh my God i cannot believe how amazing this stuff is. So for the first few weeks my face was RED and dry and so sensitive it hurt! I literally couldn&#039;t put any products on my face and had to buy the most moisturising moisturer from Clinique which helped alot... However, the results, even after few weeks were so noticeable! I&#039;m so HAPPY this has worked wonders for me."
"Great treatment!"
"I was on this for 8-9 months and it was fine until all of a sudden I had HEAVY breakthrough bleeding for almost two months straight (excluding the 6-7 days AFTER my period - then it would come back out of nowhere). After enduring this for two months, I went to by OBGYN and she prescribed me Tri-Estarylla, which doesn&#039;t have great reviews. I was fine on Loryna up until 8-9 months. Not sure what went wrong there. I will say I have been pretty depressed for several months, but as someone prone to depression, I didn&#039;t necessarily attribute that to the medication. I&#039;ll see if anything changes now that I&#039;ve switched. Good luck."
"Helps my pain takes the edge off it enables me to move around it does not relieve all my pain but makes it tolerable. I have sciatica and some days I can&#039;t stand, sit,or even lay down due to back pain and it gives me some relief."
"Found Rapaflow impossible to tolerate:  bloating, severe congestion, very dry mouth, tongue like sandpaper, horrible sexual side effects, no desire and no ejaculate.  Stopped after a weak.  It did not improve my symptoms at all anyway."
"So it was my first time having sex and I it was unplanned and I wasnt on birth control (which was dumb on my part, and I&#039;m starting it now) but anyways, I had sex and the condom broke but he didn&#039;t tell me till the third day. This pill is only effective for 72 hours and I took it on the 65th hour, and I was stressing because I didn&#039;t think it was going to work but believe me don&#039;t stress the pill worked. My period came today and I&#039;m so so happy, I was stressed because I thought it wasn&#039;t going to be as effective as it may have been if I took it on the first or second day but thankfully it worked."
"I love this cream!!! I suffered extremely bad with acne and i tried everything! Nothing would work but then i got this and about 2 weeks after using it everynight i have such clear skin! Everyone has noticed i honestly can not tell you how well this worked on me as my acne was literally taking over my life best cream for acne out in my opinion"
"I have been taking 100mg of this medicine nightly before bed for nearly a year now. I had an awful case of anxiety based depression that ruined me my senior year of high school and left me in the throes of a personal break down. I went to my doctor and she submitted me to this experimental medicine screen after a previous attempt of cymbalta left me no where. When I started taking these pills, it was like a miracle had happened to me. My anxiety virtually disappeared. It was the biggest relief I had experienced in my life. I no longer had issues talking to people and I began to excel in my work once again. Only complaints are extreme withdrawal symptoms and it is much less effective for me while I am on my period."
"My pain is gone. I consider this a miracle. Before taking this medication I was in so much pain that life was almost unbearable. I was always so tired from little sleep. I sleep normally now and am pain free. I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects."
"I had previously taken Provigil 200mg daily and my prescription ran out for about 2 months.  I was given a sample package of Nuvigil 150mg daily to try for 2 weeks.  I noticed that I only slept about 7 hours in 72hrs (3days).  The Provigil did not do this to me."
"I suffer from chronic anxiety with periodic bouts of mild depression for 20 years. I tried everything...acupuncture, diet, exercise, and 5-htp. Had a horrible experience with Zoloft and Paxil when I developed depression in college. I tried antidepressants for 2 months but with horrible side effects. As a result, I avoided medications to address my anxiety and/ or mild depression through the years. Unfortunately, my anxiety level became unbearable this past year.

I tried the following: lexapro...5-10 mg absolutely horrible. Made me extremely tired, depressed and never reduced my anxiety level.
Xanax: extremely helpful but still experienced agitation, stress, irritability, and anxiousness.

Prozac: 10-20 mg. a life changer. I feel relaxed."
"I was excited when I 1st heard about Uceris&#039; approval for ulcerative colitis. I started taking it and the 1st few days I felt pretty good with minimal bathroom trips/stomach upset, etc. After about 3 days things got worse and worse each day I took the medicine. It started as constant cramping and stomach pain, and slowly having very urgent bathroom needs. I had to stop taking Uceris because it made all my symptoms worse. So know that going in, that it can help you, but it also might make your situation worse. "
"This would be the third time taking this pill and I still get nervous. I don&#039;t remember how long it took me to take it the first 2 times as it was more than 2 years ago but it was definitely within 72 hours of having unprotected sex. It worked! No side effects and my period came. Now, I had unprotected sex 3/18 and 3/19 and my boyfriend released inside me more than once. My period is expected 4/4 and I am hoping it still comes. Of course, I am still freaked out although I know I should be fine. I took it right before the 72 hour mark on 3/21. I want a kid but not like this lol my fingers are crossed! It is most definitely the waiting game that sucks."
"I have suffered terribly from social anxiety for the past 4 years. I am 23 years old, and once it started negatively affecting my performance at my first job out of college, I felt it necessary to do something. Was on Zoloft for a few months prior, but it suddenly stopped working. I was put on 50mg of Pristiq and I felt it working IMMEDIATELY. Right after I took the first pill I went into a foggy state, but that hasn&#039;t happened since. The first week I couldn&#039;t sleep past 4am, and the first morning I woke up with extreme nausea and vomited. I have been on Pristiq for about 6 weeks and really feel amazing. Work through the side effects, they will disappear and hopefully it will work as well for you!"
"This is the only medication that has really helped me.  I am able to concentrate much better.  I have no problems with losing my temper.  I have no panic attacks any more.  My moods alternate within a smaller interval without intense manias or deep depression.  This has been true now for 5 years."
"I having been taking Maxaron Forte and it has been the only iron pill that I have tried that did not give me any side effects."
"Was on Concerta xl for 7 days and had to come off it due to the unbearable side effects of the drug. I  was diagnosed with ADHD (inattentive sub type) generalised anxiety and depression. This drug made me feel very nauseous, gave me a headache, made me shake, gave me twitches throughout my body, messed my brain up in terms of cognition etc, made me very aware of my heartbeat, made me extremely anxious to the point of not being able to leave my room or communicate with anyone and just generally messed me up. At one point i was doing some stretching on a yoga mat to try and calm myself down and i felt so confused that i didn&#039;t know what to do with my legs. This drug wasn&#039;t for me and caused an unpleasant experience."
"I have suffered back, knee and foot pain for years after two failed back surgeries. Finally given Butran patches and the relief was terrific. Here is the problem that led to me having to stop the treatment. The release of the medication in the patch is accelerated by heat and perspiration and I was overdosing myself by being to active. Even the sun on my shirt caused an overdose."
"Best medication ever for upper respiratory tract and pulmonary infections.  Only thing that works for me.  No side effects except dehydration, need to drink lots of fluids."
"I was very grateful to read everyone&#039;s feedback, as it helped alleviate some of my concerns.
I took my first prep at 5:00 pm after an all day liquid diet ( no prep prior to day one and a very regular food rich week with a heavy dinner day before prep)
The taste was not great, but not terrible. Tasted sweet and a bit like cough medicine. I pinched my nose and drank the mixture in about 2 minutes, followed by the 2 cups of water within the next 20 minutes.
I had absolutely no movement until 5:00am the following morning. Light rumblings, but no cramps. Was on and off the toilet till 7:30. 
At 8:00 am I had my 2nd dose. Tasted much worse than the first. More salty. I got it down fast followed by 2 cups of water and apple juice. Worked immediately"
"I had cystic acne on my jaw line and cheeks from almost 2 years. Have been using many medications like benzoyl peroxide creams, salicylic acid and over the counter creams. But nothing was working out. 2 months back I went to another dermatologist and she prescribed me Aczone cream to use 2 times a day. 
It really worked for me.  Within 2 weeks I can make out the difference. New acne almost stopped appearing and even the acne that is trying to come out is clearing up fast. I am so happy that my skin cleared up pretty soon. But if I stop using it for few days, acne start coming back again. Also the scars are still there. I think they are fading a little, but still not completely. I am happy my doctor prescribed me this."
"this birthcontrol was pretty good in the beginning. I felt like I had made such a good investment - no periods, no tampons, life was good! But then almost immediately I started breaking out big time in my face. And it got worse. I waited almost 3 months before I took it out, my face was covered in one million little spots, even though I am extremely healthy I never consume any sugar not even any types of dairy either. Only clean fresh food, and still my face was/is an acne mess! Besides the acne I felt depression, mood swings, massive hair loss and no desire for sex at all. All my side effects have disappeared now since I took it out 3 days ago, but I am still waiting for my pimples to go away. Would not recommed to a friend"
"Took 30 mg/day for 2 months and no noticeable reduction of pain. Increased to 60 mg/day for 2 more months and still no relief of fibromyalgia at all. Killed my libido entirely and had difficulty sleeping regardless of taking it morning or night. Luckily no side effects weaning off (half dose for 2 weeks, then every other day for 2 more weeks)."
"Been on Nexplanon for 3 years now and I can say it&#039;s the best birth control there  is out there. I dont have to worry about taking pills or using a back up at all. I&#039;m definitely be going back to get my second one. I only get headaches and I haven&#039;t had a period but other then that it&#039;s all good."
"I have been on Valium (diazepam) for 40 years, have never had any side effects, great drug. If prescribed properly, no one should ever have any problems with this drug if prescribed properly, &amp; if taking it for the right reasons."
"Single mom in my 30&#039;s not on the pill and wasnt really sexually active.  My cycle usually comes around the same time every month give or take a day around the 30th. Had a crazy night on the 28th and took the pill the next morning. Was dizzy and felt sick to my stomach (could have been hung over) Didnt have much of an appetite for a good week which could have been cause by stressing about my cycle. It did delay my cycle for about a week, was super bloated and cramps more than normal..I was totally freaking out because i didnt see any reviews close to my situation BUT IT WORKS!!! #lessonlearned"
"My pain usually starts 3-4 days before my period actually comes. Tylenol#3 is the only thing that still helps me function normally during this time of month. Dr gave me mefenamic to try this time. After taking this, my pain is not only in my lower back but also pain and intense cramping in uterus...this stuff doesnt help my issues at all, if anything made it worse!"
"I had a very extreme adverse reaction to  Azelastine.  I took one spray in my right nostril.  Immediately, I had intense nasal burning, terrible pressure over my sinuses and severe headache, muscle spasms in calves and shoulders, drowsiness, increased blood pressure. Days later I developed nerve irritation and occipital neuralgia and dizziness due to pinched nerves from the muscle spasms in my shoulders.   My mouth became extremely dry with a bitter taste but luckily that only lasted a couple of days.  The occipital neuralgia has been the worst part.  It has been almost two weeks and I still have the neuralgia.  Massage and stretching help relieve it temporarily but then the pain comes back."
"Extremely erect "
"I have to say this drug did more harm then good and my body is very dependent on it. In only a year span I started having serious weight and back issues. I have never had any issues with my back but all of a sudden my bones started to get brittle. Then the disc herniations started happening, and like a domino effect entire spine was damaged. I see along of info on children or babies effected with their spine but apparently it can do the same for a grown adult. I was put on this med for anxiety and what my dr thought was bp. Turns out as time goes by dr lowers my depakote and cAme to the conclusion I do not have bp. Great.. Damage done.. Abnormal EEG. , spine damage, and severe chemical dependency .. Lost my hair , my looks, weight ."
"Just started my 6th month of Xyrem and not sure it is doing anything except keeping me awake every other night, giving me the munchies, waking me up (if I slept) freezing and decreasing the effectiveness of my Adderall up to 60mg 2xday, was taking 1/2 that prior to starting.  1st 2 months complete exhaustion, facial pain, sinus pain and just miserable."
"The number one piece of advice I can give here is to stop eating solid foods a day or two prior to your &quot;liquids only&quot; day. I ate chicken noodle soup, plain saltines and drank lots of Gatorade for 2 days. My prep day started with jello for breakfast, plain chicken broth for lunch. Lots of Gatorade and water. I did not chill the prep as many people here have suggested because my stomach is sensitive to cold. The only thing berry about this mixture is the smell. Tasted like ocean water to me. I just chugged it. The shear volume is the worst part. Within 30 minutes I was spraying. 2 hours later I took the second dose. There was no cramping or discomfort. To avoid injuring yourself, don&#039;t wipe yourself raw. Really, you&#039;ll just need to blot."
"I have been on Xulane for 8 months. The first few months included cramping, nausea, and terrible migraines after removing the patch for my patch free week. I gained a few pounds and my body has become more womanly and curvy. My boobs have gotten larger and more perky, and my butt has gained weight. Acne is very minimal, if any shows up. Now, my period comes exactly 3 days after patch removal and around the same time of day, which is great! However, I get nauseous sometimes and a little crampy before my period. My period has not gotten any lighter or shorter. Occasionally, I get super bad migraines the day after patch removal. I&#039;ve had a little spotting after my period. I absolutely love that I can just apply it to my skin!! So convenient"
"Ive been on this tablet for 3 years now and whilst it was an initial improvement to what I had been prescribed previously its side effects do build up over time. Joint and bone aches. Memory loss,fatigue, itchy tired dry eyes, weight gain, sugar cravings, raynauds syndrome , nails and hair very slow growing.Oh and yeah I looked up what it contains and im horrified to see sodium hydroxide =caustic soda (drain cleaner) ."
"I took this medication until my HMO dropped it fron their formulary. While taking it, I felt great. I took only one a day and, if I forgot to take it or forgot to refill it before running out, I could miss a day or two without the heartburn returning. My doctor subsequently put me on Prilosec, twice a day. If I miss one, heartburn returns with a vengeance. If I miss a whole day, it takes three to five days to get the heartburn under control, again"
"I had Implanon inserted in February 2010 and so far I have loved it.  The actual insertion was fine, just a little sore and bruised afterwards but soon disappeared.  Little scar left but certainly not noticeable. I was originally on the pill, decided time for a change and when I read about Implanon I thought it sounded great and perfect for me.  
Since insertion I have had no periods and my moods have been fine (I think anyway). Only problem that I have had is that after about a month of not taking the pill I have become very spotty (acne) again - now not just on my face where I used to as a teen but on my chest and back and also have very greasy skin.  No weight gain but I am heading back to doctors regarding spots to see what can be done.  Other than that its great."
"Been on effexor xr for approximately 25 years....150mg...but still getting horrific night sweats...has  anyone else suffered this long...or...been on effexor xr longer"
"I am 20 years old and I have been on this for over a year now. I tried other birth control pills before this one, but the estrogen levels were way too high (my boobs got bigger and I got extremely moody). Lo-loestrin was so much better! Since it has such a small dose of both hormones, I haven&#039;t noticed any negative side effects. The first couple of months I had dark, sticky discharge (especially during menstration time); however, since then I have not had a period. My gynecologist says this is okay at my age and not something to worry about. Overall I am very happy with this birth control."
"I have had Implanon for almost 6 months now and I am considering taking it out. My periods are frequent (twice a month) and last about 5-7 days each. In the past, my periods were once a month, lasting about 2-4 days. I have no sex drive what so ever and have experienced severe mood swings, migraines and weight gain. Since I had the birth control inserted, I have gained about 10 pounds and I was prescribed daily medication for my migraines. In-between my periods, I spotted a lot and even had a 17 day period several weeks after having it inserted. 

This birth control method seemed to be the best fit for me at the time but after several months of having it, I think I made a mistake. I would much rather take a pill every day."
"Had a condom accident on July 29th during a very fertile time for me, and I took the pill 2 hours later. I was SO STRESSED for 2 weeks thinking of this pill not working, but it did. Got my period today, 3 days earlier than normally expected. This pill made me extremely tired and gave me very sore breasts for a couple of days, but it overall worked! So please please please to anyone reading this, RELAX. It will all be okay!"
"Increased quality of my life after trying several antidepressants (did
nothing helpful at all!). Side effects made matters worse despite doing nothing for my chronic anxiety due to bouts of cancer."
"I have used Enbrel since it was approved. I like the results much better than using Methotrexate alone. The psoriasis has been reduced from moderately severe to mild."
"I am 17, and have tried a plethora of birth control pills all to try to help my acne. First was Ortho Tri-cyclen. I tried it for a month and became depressed, so I stopped. Next was Yaz. It was amazing. My skin was crystal clear in 3 months, and even cystic acne on my back completely disappeared. The only problem: 10 pounds of weight gain after 6 months. I stopped Yaz and tried Alesse. It made me depressed. Next was Loestrin. I have been on loestrin for 5 months now. For the first three months, my skin was perfect. I had no weight gain, and my boobs went up a cup size. After the third month though my acne came back. I just finished my last pack today, and I am going to try Kariva next. If that doesn&#039;t work. I am taking the risk and going to take Accutane."
"Took the one day pill and found the effects lasted for about three days - think it may be possible to use a lower dosage - this will help to reduce the expense."
"I smoked for almost 50 years and sometimes over 2 packs per day. I tried almost everything to stop smoking, including hypnotism and nothing worked. My doctor suggested Chantix and we discussed the side effects. He felt that I should have no problems with them. Next week it will be 1 year since I quit. I have not cheated even once, but the urge is still there. The side effects were minimal, but I did have a small weight gain. If you want to quit, I suggest Chantix. "
"I took for 8 weeks, 53 year old male. I moved to a new town for job. It is pretty depressing when you don&#039;t know anyone. Zoloft 50 mg. First night NO sleep. Started taking  at night with Ambien. I sleep for about 5 hours then I&#039;m up at 3 am. Major side effects: inability to orgasm, clenched teeth, restless legs, trembling, loss of appetite, diarhea and sweating. First week was nausea, trembling but emotions were better. After 8 weeks, I think the side effects aren&#039;t worth the benefit. Quit cold turkey 4 days now. No major problems. Teeth clench still but, not as bad."
"I have been a fibromyalgia sufferer for about 9 years now.  I saw a rheumatologist a month ago.  He prescribed me with Savella.  I have to say that I was a bit worried about the side effects after reading a lot of patient reviews, but I decided to give it a try.  I&#039;m so glad that I did!  My fibro pain went from a daily average of 9, to about a 2.  My energy level is up.  My mental focus is back!  I&#039;ve started to see the extra weight come off.  I&#039;m even thinking about going back to work!  My side effects only lasted for about 2 weeks and they were so mild that I was hardly bothered. The only real problem that I&#039;ve had is insomnia, but I&#039;ve always had that problem and I&#039;m getting back on Ambien for that.  Try this medicine, it has changed my life!"
"Very very happy. Only one shot a day &amp; this stuff is smooth. Don&#039;t have to take as much apidra. Been taking it since 12/6/15 . Already reduced my total insulin intake from 48-50 units to just 40. Only take 30 Tresiba in morning &amp; if blood sugar is 70-100 hardly no need for apidra with my normal breakfast. Probably will slowly come down on Tresiba. This is a breakthrough."
"I&#039;ve tried Xanax, Valium, and Klonopin with my generalized anxiety disorder. Klonopin is not super strong but gets the job done and lasts a whole lot longer than the others. Not as easily addictive since you don&#039;t feel the need to take more because of its long half life. Please don&#039;t involve yourself with Xanax. It&#039;s terrible. Short lasting and way too strong."
"I&#039;ve been taking this for over a year. Fortunately, I never experienced any of the side effects described by many people here.  I always have such high hopes when trying something new for MDD. This medication did not deliver the hoped-for miracle of no more depression, but I must say, my mood has improved to a degree.  I am able to get &quot;up&quot; for certain activities now, where this was very difficult while on other medications. This has lightened my mood better than Viibryd or Cymbalta."
"Awful stuff. If you have ever suffered with depression do not use this because it will make you very depressed - they don&#039;t tell you this. mood swings have been awful from angry to crying to anxious. I&#039;m like a psycho on it. constant headaches, tiredness, stomach cramps, heartburn, feel dizzy and weak, nausea.. and the hunger! Omg the hunger.. I constantly feel like I haven&#039;t eaten for a week and even after eating a meal I still have hunger pain. The only good thing it&#039;s done for me (except prevent pregnancy) is I am losing weight even though I&#039;m eating more because of the constant hunger. It seems to have made my metabolism go crazy. I&#039;ve lost 5 pounds in the 4 weeks since I had the injection. Majority of people gain weight though I read."
"I&#039;m 52 &amp; last October hot flashes started, about 14 daily (worse at night). Desperate for relief GP prescribed Clonidine warning they cause headaches. I&#039;m prone to h/aches, 2-3 weekly and also suffer with migraine. Took for 2 wks &amp; flushes stopped completely AND no headaches! However, after only 2 months the hot flashes returned &amp; I was getting migraines. GP advised I stop but must do so gradually. When I did OMG, migraines were debilitating so be warned! Don&#039;t understand why pills stopped working for me, I was on cloud 9 with these, had got my life back! Felt terrific for those 2 months, so frustrating!"
"Continuing on from last post....I have been super constipated and am at a weight stand still for a couple of weeks now.  Anyone else experience this?"
"I am on day 6 of wearing the patch for the first time.  On the 3rd day, nausea began and it has come in waves everyday since.  I also feel extremely tired.  I have had moments where I want to rip it off but I have read that the symptoms will lessen if I stick it out.  I am 31 years old and have not been on any birth control in at least 13 years and have no children.  So at this point, I am going to stick it out a bit longer."
"i recently started taking seroquel.  for years I had racing thoughts, inability to sleep (sometimes as little as 3-4 hours for days), my mood was that of a ticking time bomb.  My family did not know when I would have a mood swing.  Worse than that, neither did I!  I find that with seroquel I am able to think rationally and act appropriately.  Without it, I have had a LOT of trouble with impulsive behavior that has caused an immense amount of grief and struggle for my family."
"I was on the Nuvaring for a few months and loved it. The first month I had some breakthrough bleeding but by the second month I had no side effects. I stopped only because I wanted a baby. Now my son is 6 months and I&#039;m looking to start on it again. Would highly recommend."
"For me viagra 50 mg works great. I have trouble finishing if I have sex more than once a week. If I wait 5 to 7 days sex is a lot better. SSRI makes it tuff to orgamism"
"I know how stressful you&#039;re right now but you don&#039;t have to worrie. I was exactly in your position on May 22 I decided to have sex with an old friend of mines and we didn&#039;t use any protection at all, so he came all the way and I was super freaked out so I took the pill 26 hours after our little session and a week later I started to spot but only for a day which made me super scared because I thought I was prego but at last I finally got my period so everyone don&#039;t trip it works!"
"Have only been on Pristiq less than 1 week and previously taking Lexapro, which did nothing for me. On Lexapro for years and accepted it when doctors told me that I may not feel better than what I do. With Pristiq someone has turned the light on in my brain and there is a distinct shift in my mood. I hope I have found the right antidepressant to help me recover and feel like entering the land of the living again...fingers and toes crossed. I will keep you posted...no noticeable side effects as yet."
"Ive been using methadone to help manage my severe chronic pain. I take 80mg over the course of 12 hrs. I have seen posts about methadone and it appears that this medication some-what blocks out effects of other opiods. This is confusing to me, reason being that I am also given 15mg oxycodone IR for breakthrough pain. So my question would be, why would my pain doc prescribe that to work in conjunction with the methadone?."
"I have had this implant for about 5 months based on the recommendation from my Doctor. Worst mistake ever. I always had irregular periods, but never bleeding for months on end with large clots. I&#039;m talking props from a horror movie looking blood &amp; gore. I informed her of my issues when I bled for 2 weeks straight. She said my body was just getting used to the hormones &amp; such. That is totally understandable. But I don&#039;t believe for a second any medication should caused bleeding for a month and a half, stop for a month &amp; start again. Heavily. I&#039;m talking about a woosh &amp; puddle heavy. I&#039;m so glad I was @ home because I would have been mortified had I been in public. I&#039;ve been on several types of birth control but I do NOT suggest this."
"This medication made me feel shaky, nervous and very angry. It was horrible. I went back to effexor xr 225mg. I am much better"
"Negative and potentionally dangerous experience. All Movantik did for me was give me gas and painful cramps all day/night. For the entire 2 weeks I took it I did not have any BM. Thankfully I was switched back to my regular OIC medicine and could make.  If I would have continued to take Movantik, I was running the risk of a serious blockage being created from that medicine, so I strongly recommend that if this does not work for someone within 14 days to immediately consult a doctor!"
"I was on Lyrica for 5 months. It seemed to help with the pain somewhat for a while, but didn&#039;t stop it. Also, I GAINED 40 POUNDS. The doctor told me if I was careful about my eating habits that I wouldn&#039;t gain too much weight, but this was not true. After I went off it, I lost 22 pounds in 2 weeks - just from water weight. I have yet to be able to lose the rest of the weight."
"I&#039;m only 17 I used plan b before can&#039;t remember if I got sick after taking it before. But me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex Tuesday 10th night when I was fertile, two days away from my ovulation day. I had him go get the pill the same night took it about 1/2 hours after. Took it with Mcdonalds and went right to sleep after couple days later I don&#039;t feel anything. But my breast are very sore and I&#039;m just constantly hungry. Suppose to get my period on thanksgiving the 26th. Waiting game horrible ."
"Extremely effective in countering onset of major events.  This is the only atypical antipsychotic  prescribed (twelve-year history), which I have found to be successful for my resistant condition.  Dosage is medium-high, producing occasional, but manageable side effects.  Used in five-drug regimen including antidepressants and mood stabilizers."
"I have a rare myeloproliferative disorder. Thanks to Gleevec, I can live an entirely active and normal life with a normal life expectancy. My blood analysis has always been normal since starting Gleevec."
"Ok as a first time user I&#039;m going to give my honest answer based on usage for 3 days now. So my doc prescribed me these because I have developed anxiety disorder. Well, I decided to take these when I start to feel panicked. After 20 minutes or so. I&#039;m easy. Thoughts simmer down. Mind stop racing and negative thoughts seem to push to the back and not to the front as usual.  They make me feel mellow and laid back..Mind you. I&#039;m not a drug user of any type so that&#039;s probably why they work so well for me. I keep them with me all the time. They don&#039;t make me drowsy. However, if I&#039;m relaxed. I can definitely dose off. I recommend these if they are the only medicine you are taking.  It seems to work best in my clean system. Hope this helps"
"Works great - but when I stopped, acne came back. Cleared up again now I&#039;m back on them but I just worry how long I need to be on them. First started about 5 months ago - saw a huge difference within the first month. Definitely recommend it!"
"Has significantly reduced my mania and irritability.  I&#039;m much more stable.  Has also reduced my need for alcohol, which I used frequently to medicate.  I&#039;ve been on several medicines for bipolar and this one seems to work for me. Started at 2mg. at night and worked up to 10mg, (5th day at 10mg.) and feel much more in control.  My insomnia is gone too. I haven&#039;t gained any weight but was on Risperdal (gained 10 pds.) can&#039;t seem to lose that weight. Since I&#039;ve decided to quit drinking maybe I&#039;ll lose the weight."
"I took one pill. ONE. Within 12 hours I began itching from head to toe. In 24 hours I was in the emergency room with a terrible rash all over me. It was so bad and it was raised so high you could almost measure it with a ruler! I didn&#039;t want to scratch first. I had to get two shots in my belly, was put on oral prednisone for two weeks (which then calls for a slow wean-off of the drug), a prescription topical medicine and over-the-counter medicines. The rash hung around for almost three weeks. I&#039;m allergic to sulfa and all NSAIDS, but my doctor wasn&#039;t sure what is in this drug to cause this reaction. He put me on tamoxifen next, which I took for 7 years but the cancer came back. I am now on letrozole with no problems except joint pain."
"I started taking low dose Quetiapine (Seroquel) 3 years ago for sleep and anxiety, instead of Lorazepam (Ativan), which was losing its effectiveness. I also take Escitalopram 10mg daily for depression. The Seroquel has been fantastic - I only take 1/4-1/2 of a 25mg tablet as even 25mg was too sedating and even after 3 years of almost daily use, I have not needed to increase the dose. I also occasionally go a few days without taking it and do not have any withdrawal symptoms. I normally take it only at night to help sleep, but occasionally during the day for anxiety. I have not had ANY weight gain, increased appetite nor other side effects, but perhaps I am just lucky to be sensitive to such a low dose, avoiding these common side effects."
"I have suffered with Migraines since childhood.  Missed days of school and eventually days of work.  I&#039;ve been put on every medication doctors could think of and spent quite a bit of time in ER&#039;s due to chronic migraines. Finally, I switched doctors due to a move and was prescribed Relpax.  This stuff is absolutely AMAZING! I prefer the 40mg dose and it takes care of my migraine within 20 minutes."
"I have an ascending aortic aneurysm and was put on metoprolol to help control chest pain and lower my heart rate. I&#039;ve been on it 1 month and have about half a much pain and my heart rate has dropped from 100&#039;s down to 80&#039;s. Only side effected noted is mild dizziness every once in a while. I&#039;d like to have no pain, but considering my situation that&#039;s not realistic so I&#039;d say I&#039;m happy with the results so far."
"Not a fan. Went to urgent care for a particularly painful UTI and was prescribed cipro and immediately took the first dose. The plus side is it started working almost immediately. 24 hours later and I&#039;m about 90% better already. However after taking the second pill I developed some slight nausea and then several hours later noticed some muscle pain in my calves and behind my knees and it has now spread to my shoulders and wrists. After reading that cipro can cause serious and permanent damage I quit using it immediately and asked to be switched to a different antibiotic. Not worth it!"
"I was given 12.5 mg of generic Paxil 5 days ago. My anxiety started to manifest itself with uncontrollable crying. While it&#039;s has been only 5 days, the crying has stopped. So I&#039;m happy with that. However, I am experiencing side effects: lightheaded, pin prick feelings in arms and legs, some joint pain, lower back pain, and lethargy that makes me feel like doing/caring about nothing. 

Because the side effects come and go, I&#039;m willing to wait it out to see if everything mellows out."
"I had the Liletta IUD inserted 8/05/15. The insertion was super painful. I have a low threshold for pain and have never had kids. The cramps were horrible for an hour after the insertion. I was nauseous and light headed. Ever since I got it I have been spotting. I haven&#039;t gone more than a week without spotting..max maybe 3 or 4 days. It&#039;s so annoying! I will bleed for a day, then nothing for 2 days, then brownish discharge. The spotting is very random. I am thinking of switching to pills because of this. 

The only good thing is that my PMS symptoms have gone down since I started using it. I used to be EXTREMELY moody and irritable  due to PMS but that is not the case anymore. It has been effective in keeping me not pregnant."
"Condom had a hole in it maybe got some sperm inside the vag and wasn&#039;t sure. Gave my gf plan b she took it about an hour after. She had no side effects the first few days and we both got really scared. Then about 4 days later she got some cramping but no period. The cramping stopped and we became really afraid she wasn&#039;t gonna get her period. But all the sudden about 6 days later without no sign she got it. The period was really rough and painful but overall worth it cause she wasn&#039;t pregnant. Take this pill asap if you think you need to and it should work. It really is a lifesaver"
"I had the Nexplanon for a year and four months it was highly effective contraception. However, the side effects were terrible. 
1.Mood swings
2. Depression (I&#039;ve suffered with depression before and the drug just aggravated my depression more)
3. Headaches 
4. Breast tenderness 
5. Anxiety/ panic attacks ( which I&#039;ve never had a problem with before til now)
6. Difficulty breathing (had a pulmonary test and a cardiologist look at my heart and they said all was fine)
7. Chest pain/ palpations 
8. Paranoia
9. HORRIBLE cramps ( I&#039;ve never had really bad cramps until I got the Nexplanon put in)
10. No periods for a couple of months just spotting, no period but horrible cramps
11. Backache
12. Hungry all the time 
13. No sex drive"
"Using Trintellix for 2.5 months and I feel transformed. It breaks my heart to see how difficult these medications are for those on this blog. I&#039;ve always been a half empty person. Go figure. I&#039;ve done OK with my career and my relationships. But everyday felt like a battlefield, another day of struggle and woe. I went to my doctor and ask for a dopamine booster. Trintellix is what she prescribed. I had a sense a dopamine booster would help since I like drinking and alcohol stimulates the production of dopamine. As does weed. Now with Trintellix I don&#039;t need either of those, and my have passion and energy for living has returned, something that I thought was long gone (I&#039;m 65). My only side effects have been a little dizziness, but temporary."
"I have irregular periods (1 per year) so I was put on birth control to help. When I was a teen I was on ortho tri cyclen and it worked just fine.  

I am 24 now and got a new Doc and was swapped to yaz, one pill for 28 days. I was on it for about a year. NEVER AGAIN!

I also have a tilted uterus so my cramps can be debilitating. Yaz was supposed to help. It made it worse. The cramps sat in my lower back and it felt like shooting pains through my who body. 

The worst part was I developed panic attacks. My mood was terrible. I was either angry or I cried every time I saw something lovey dovey on a netflix movie. 

My depression got worse. To the point where I thought I was going nuts. I finally had enough and asked to be put back on ortho."
"47 yr old male with type 2 diabetes. Wasn&#039;t getting fully erect and would lose erection before ejaculating. Very stressful! Took a 20mg Cialis and was amazed at what it could do in about an hour. Rocked the wife&#039;s world once again. Only side effect was a very mild headache which lasted about 24 hours, nothing I can&#039;t tolerate for the benefits. If you are thinking about Cialis don&#039;t hesitate getting it, expensive yes but you won&#039;t regret it!"
"This will be my 4th month using Kariva. The only thing it helped with (besides preventing pregnancy) was making my period shorter. I went from 8 long, heavy and painful days to only 2 very light, no pain days! Other than that, I&#039;ve been miserable . It hasn&#039;t helped with acne at all, it actually started to cause body acne which I&#039;ve never had. Also, a huge issue that I have, I&#039;m VERY dry down there; causing it to hurt during my period when I want to insert a tampon AND painful sex. I can&#039;t even begin to describe how painful it is, it&#039;s like my insides are being torn apart &amp; the pain doesnt go away for hours after trying to have sex. Its taking a huge toll on my relationship. I would not recomennd this pill. I will have to talk to my dr soon."
"Headache free for over 6 months now!  Mild to moderate urinary retention.  Mild to moderate dry mouth.  Take in morning."
"I just got my prescription filled for the 3rd time and wanted to write a review to help others. I was so scared to take this after having a bad experience with Zoloft. I remember coming here and reading all the reviews and still didn&#039;t take the medicines prescribed until a month later. The first two weeks I was so tired and had extreme dry mouth. I thought I would have to quit because I was so tired and couldn&#039;t work. I had two weeks off between Christmas and the New Year and decided to stick with it. I&#039;m so glad I did. I feel like myself again and with zero side effects now except for when I don&#039;t take it for a few days. If I ever do come off, I will ween slowly. I was also so scared to gain weight which, thankfully, didn&#039;t happen. Love it!"
"After taking this for 3 days and experiencing horrible pain throughout by body I quit. It caused tendinitis in several of my joints. "
"I know this medicine is expensive but truly helped me. With other medicines with cymbalta I am able to live a much better life. So cymbalta saved my life."
"I&#039;ve taken my fair share of medications for UTIs and so far this one seemed to be the most effective as far as relieving symptoms quickly. My doctor prescribed me to take two pills a day for 10 days. I felt relief from UTI symptoms as soon as the 2nd or 3rd day. That being said, it has some nasty side effects. They say you can take it with or without food and I&#039;m guessing that because it makes your stomach feel horrible either way. I&#039;ve experienced diarrhea, painful gas and bloating, and nausea, since the first day of taking it. From my experience this can usually be expected with strong antibiotics. My advice would be to take a probiotic to help counterbalance! I&#039;ve done it before and it helps me."
"After extreme weight gain on SSRIs, I thought buspar would be my miracle drug. I was totally wrong. After day two I had such bad twitches/tremors and my jaw seemed to locked for short periods of time. Went to emergency due to the side effects causing panic attacks."
"Solodyn is great. It starts working fast and I haven&#039;t had any side effects."
"So as I&#039;m laying here reading, i&#039;m finally realizing it&#039;s the meds &amp; not just me. I&#039;m 37yrs old but didn&#039;t become epileptic til 10yrs ago... they started me on Dilantin which I&#039;m allergic to so they switched me to Keppra, I was having at least 1 episode every 3mths until I lost my mother which caused the seizures 2 really spiral out of control having at least 3 auras or seizures daily so they added Vimpat to my treatment and now I&#039;m always uneasy, have trouble sleeping, crazy dreams &amp; I&#039;m like a ticking time bomb ready to snap on someone for the most simplest things smh... no patience which is causing me to seek mental therapy twice a wk... In case all you other users were not informed, this IS a narcotic that we are taking like it or not"
"I have been taking Ambien or its generic since it first came out in samples at my doctors office.  I quickly graduated from 5 mg to 10mg and have been on it ever since.  The brief period of time that my insurance didn&#039;t cover it, there was no relief for me. They tried tranxene (pharmacist said insurance co recommended) and that was a joke.  I too am a chronic insomniac with chronic migraines and no sleep equals migraine.  2 years ago my family Dr cut me back to 5mg  ( due to the &quot; women shouldn&#039;t take 10mg) insomnia and migraines raged to new limits.  returned to 10mg.  Even during my brief hospital stays over the past few years, the nurses do NOT need to put a bed alarm etc on me because I suffer from ZERO side effects. This is a lifesaver"
"Horrible BC. I have never in my life experienced any skin problems, but once I got on this pill I had pimples all over my face. I got my period almost twice a month and a lot of spotting. Also had mood swings on it. At least my cramps stopped and breast tenderness stopped but other than that HORRIBLE!"
"I have found Lyrica very helpful. I have fibromyalgia and I also suffer from depression. (I am also a diabetic). I used Lyrica with no expectations of any kind. I was so surprised when for the first time in I don&#039;t know how long I could move my head easily and what a reduction in pain. I am so happy I was not afraid to try it."
"I can say without reservation that this works. Start weight 246 lbs 5&quot;9 and end weight 202lbs so far in five months. It takes time and I work out as best I can but my goal will be accomplished in one year.
I find my appetite is easily managed as far as sweets, salty snacks etc. My appetite is fine as things taste good but no binges. Had a headache and now drink probably what I should have been doing all along. I consider this Belviq a nice aid to helping me with weight loss success. "
"I was taking Ambien CR 12.5mg  for 2 years sleeping great, but over time I developed a tolerance, I had to take my Ambien and a kolonpin to sleep. I started taking Belsomra 10mg a week ago, it works great! I recently have been crying at night bc I couldn&#039;t sleep, but this is working great. I&#039;d say it lasts a good 7 hours for me, I&#039;m not drowsy when I wake, the only side effect I have are really enhanced dreams, not scary just so detailed."
"I have been taking Jardiance for 8 month, my A1C drop from 10.1 to 7.5, also lost 12 pounds and I haven&#039;t experienced any side effects except for frequent urination and thirst ,so far is working for me."
"I was the king of pills literally 400-500 mg per day and a lot of whiskey. This has gone on for about 7 years with many attempts to quit. Found out about Suboxone and quit everything after the first dose."
"My husband has honestly had a wonderful experience taking Belviq. He has steadily lost weight and is changing his relationship with food by simply eating smaller portions. No real side effects."
"I suffer from what I believe to be Morgellons Disease (Unidentified Dermopathy) in which I break out with lesions that last for many months to well over a year.  I pull little particles out of these lesions that stretch and are extremely painful.  I was placed on Navane 4mg at bedtime approximately 3 years ago.  About 4 months into taking Navane my lesions healed up and HAVE NOT RETURNED in 2 1/2 yrs.  I cannot praise this medication enough to be lesion free for this long as I usually had 8 or more lesions that lasted for a year.  I no longer pick at my skin or ruin my clothes from the bleeding.  It was obsessive skin picking because it was necessary to remove the hard scab and the white particles in the lesions."
"I was prescribed Seroquel as a &quot;sleeping pill&quot; for &quot;insomnia&quot;. I recently found out that it is an antipsychotic drug, I felt betrayed.  I did a rapid detox program and they put me on all these medicines when they released me, no wonder this pill didn&#039;t put me to sleep, I can stay up forever after I take it. The only way it helps me sleep is if I take one and a half pills, which is 150 mg, then it puts me to sleep within 30 minutes to an hour, however, my dose is only supposed to be 100 mg swallowed 2 hours before bedtime, but it takes way longer than two hours. I might never go to sleep if I only take one and swallow it rather than chewing it up!"
"The drug is a great addition to my diet."
"I found this medication a bit difficult at first, but my doctor told me it takes 1-4 weeks for the body to adjust to this, so I held out. Am now on 80mg, and each increase took a few weeks to get used to. To anybody trying this medication and reading these reviews, make sure the reviewer stayed on it for over 28 days before posting, because after three weeks, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I have energy, and motivation. I don&#039;t struggle to get out of bed. It&#039;s not hard to do my laundry - I just do it. It&#039;s great!"
"This product is amazing! I have gone through one bottle and am on to my second. It stings a little at first but then it goes away. My skin is the clearest its ever been. I have tried everything from homemade remedies to high-end expensive products and NOTHING has worked for me the way Acanya has."
"I&#039;m an active 51-year-old female with severe neck pain, esp. on the right, and probably from playing too many games on Android.  I have had trigger point injections, facet blocks, PT, massage, TENS, daily heat therapy, and a host of meds over the past several months. I also take Norco regularly. Soma did not help the neck pain.  But this Zanaflex works very well to alleviate the neck pain quickly.  I only take it if I don&#039;t have to drive (or be social) because of the dry mouth and grogginess.  My brother, 29, takes it for his back pain and swears by it, too.  I just wish I could get rid of the neck pain. I think it&#039;s also improved with my new exercise program: 30 mins on the elliptical, stretches, crunches, and leg lifts, then machines."
"I have tried several medications for GERD. Did not work. When I go in to the hospital, I have to have my doctor order that I can bring in my generic Prevacid because they do not carry Prevacid in their pharmacy and the one they give me doesn&#039;t work. I take 30mg 2x daily. Have had no side effects. But now my new insurance requires me to get an exception to be able to take 2 per day."
"I have been on Brintellix for nearly six weeks.  I experienced severe nausea for the first 10 days but thankfully it subsided after that time.  The medicine has mellowed me out but I still feel very zoned out, tired and listless.  I don&#039;t have a &quot;joy&quot; for life with this medicine that I experienced on another antidepressant in the past.   My major concern is an increase in blood pressure.  I am an extremely healthy 35 year old female whose blood pressure has ALWAYS been 110/70.  Since starting this medication, my blood pressure has gone from 110/70 to 120/82, then 139 over 74 and now 149 over 80.  Nothing has changed in the past six weeks other than the addition of the medicine.  I&#039;m hoping to find something that is going to work soon."
"I&#039;ve been taking this birth control for about 7 months now. When I first started I noticed that my sex drive dropped A LOT. Every now and then I get emotional/angry over little things. This pill didn&#039;t make me gain/lose weight and it cleared my skin up but every now and then I&#039;d get a pimple before my period. the periods lasted 4-5days no change in that. BUT the most upsetting thing was my hair got thinner! Maybe to others it&#039;s probably not a big deal but if you love your hair as much as I do, it&#039;s a problem. Believe me I never wanna be bald. After I finish my current pack I&#039;m getting off this pill for good."
"I&#039;ve been on Bactrim and Aczone 7.5% for about a month now and my face is completely clear! I started noticing less breakouts the second week and by the end of the third week I had no new ones. I apply the Aczone in the morning before putting on makeup and then again at night after I wash my face. I&#039;m not totally sure if it&#039;s the Bactrim or the Aczone that&#039;s clearing it up (maybe a combination?) but it&#039;s improved so much that even my bf mentioned that he noticed a difference this past week. I&#039;ve also experienced no major side effects. My only concern is that once I slowly start to come off the medication, will the acne come back. Definitely give it a shot though if you&#039;ve been struggling with acne and don&#039;t want to resort to Accutane!"
"I have tried every medicine and NOTHING worked for my pain. I have been on Savella for a little over a month now and I am almost pain free.  Savella has given me my life back!  Doctor was very careful when upping the dose so I&#039;ve just been on the full dosage of 50 mg. Twice a day for a week now.  No adverse side effects at all.  I am a 56 year old female.  The only other medicines I take is my 2 medicines for high blood pressure.  My blood pressure is being monitored and so far everything is fine.  I highly recommend this.  It is a miracle for me."
"My blood pressure was under control with Benicar 20mg with no side effects.  Irbesartan 300mg is not coming close to the good blood pressure from Benicar."
"Excellent product! I actually take it for MS. It is wonderful  to have my &quot;want to&quot; back if only temporarily. Unfortunately  Fla Blue will not cover for MS so hoarding is my  only  option. The result are worth it!"
"Denavir, for me, does not work. It does not stop the cold sore formation and does not heal it quickly. It has taken nearly 2 weeks for my cold sore to heal."
"I have been constipated for four days and my GP recommended I try Dulcolax.  I took it at noon and around 6.30pm I was in agony with my stomach churning. I vomited several times and was stuck with unproductive straining. I was having cold sweats and was very spaced out. When I could move to my medicine cabinet I took 10mg of Buscopan and some paracetamol which seems to have helped. I am not trying this again."
"I took my first pill last night, and feel better already!
I had never before suffered from anxiety, until I started a new and very stress-filled job. I held my own at first, but the past few months really took it&#039;s toll on my physical health. Yesterday, I truly believed I was having either a heart attack, or panic attack...I&#039;ve never had a panic attack, never! Rushed to my doctor who looked at me and said- I&#039;ve never seen you look like this before.
After explaining how my job was affecting my life, and talking about different stress/anxiety relievers, and making time for me, he wrote the prescription. I was hesitant to take, but slept like a baby for the first time in months! 
I will check back as I continue with the medication."
"From 8 year suffering from allergy, asthma attack were normal for me. I had no control on them but when I started taking cetirizine I found a magic to control my attacks.
Now for 4 yrs I&quot;m keeping this tablet in my wallet. Whenever I have any symptoms I take this. It really works like miracle.  Generally in a month I need this 6-8 times this tab. For me it is a life saving drug."
"I just recently began having panic attacks and becoming depressed (within the last 3 months). When I went to my doctor he put me on Lexapro.  Horrible! I took it for 3 days and it made me feel like a zombie. He then put me on Buproprion XL and I feel like my old self again.  It took about 4 weeks to take full effect, but, if you hang in there, it is a great thing.  I have had some side effects like dry mouth, trouble sleeping at night and really strange dreams, but, the longer I am on it the lesser the side effects are becoming.  I still have to take the occasional Xanax, but all around I feel great. I am so thankful that I didn&#039;t have to go through all the other depression medications to find the right one!"
"THE REVIEWS ARE TRUE!!! I normally take 12 hour Allegra-D (as needed). 
When I took this  I immediately felt worse, nose wouldn&#039;t stop running, got very hot (red), coughing almost like it make it worse. I felt it kick in &amp; got extremely heavy.
My nose felt like I was in the bottom of a pool, swollen, my eyes were puffy, vision impaired, had horrible nightmares, barely woke up when my alarm went off, felt worse than when I went to bed!!! Fatigued all day, bloated, headaches, swollen nose &amp; MASSIVE sinus pressure when I looked down at work, felt like my senses were numb &amp; I wasn&#039;t human. Everything everyone listed negative is true. I will NEVER take it again &amp; I&#039;m shocked it still available OTC &amp; do NOT waste your money, it&#039;s total FRAUD."
"I&#039;m 16 and I have been on the depo shot 7 months so yes I&#039;ve only had 3, 
I received my first in April, I was actually quite scared so my friend came with me but I didn&#039;t even know the nurse had finished then I received my second one two days late of when I was meant to, it was meant to be the Wednesday in July however I forgot about it and received it on the Friday 17th July for these I had no bleeding at all then in September I had this brown looking mark in My underwear and realised it&#039;s dry blood telling me I&#039;m due my next injection soon. the nurse told me this could carry on a little throughout protection of this one and it is normal!  I had my 3rd one yesterday  9/10/15 and I was told this one may bleed but it will stop soon."
"At 29 weeks pregnant I had a fever. Thought I was leaking amniotic fluid. Went to the hospital and misdiagnosed with a UTI. Stayed overnight with IVF and antibiotics and checked, monitored and ultrasound before discharged the following day. 24 hours later still not having felt well went back to the hospital and rechecked, water broke dilated to 2 and Dr said she didn&#039;t think of it before, but was going to test and treat me for Genital Herpes. Right after the emergency c section. "
"I love this cream. My doctor prescribed this to me for acne (cystic, and blackheads). This was a dream cream for me. I am 23 years old and have been suffering from acne since about 14. Ive never had clear skin since using this stuff - and ive tried every product - even then expensive luxury products. This smoothed my skin after 2 weeks of use, made my hyper pigmentation from years of acne drastically improve. I do understand this is very drying, because it is speeding up creating new layers of skin. Because I don&#039;t want to be blotchy with dry patches all the time, I use this cream every other night, and moisturize thoroughly the next morning. I couldn&#039;t be happier with this cream because I&#039;m finally able to not wear as much make up!!!!"
"DONT GO ON THIS PILL. I had horrible side effects the first month of this pill to the point that i literally thought I was loosing my mind. You will also gain weight using this."
"I decided to get Nexplanon after being dissatisfied with the pill. I got it placed June 2015 and Im very happy with it. Thankfully the only side effects Ive experienced are weight gain, 13lbs which was welcomed since I was a little under-weight and light spotting every now and then, nothing too bothersome. I love that I dont have to remember a pill everyday or go in for shots or replace a patch/ring every week/month, and I love that its effective for up to 3 years."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for about 9 years for Bipolar, even after all that time i still suffer from the exhaustion i NEED to sleep 12 hrs every night any less and a few days later i have to sleep for 14 to 16 hrs to catch up so it pretty much rules my life in a bad way but it has more or less stopped the manic [has or at least made them less severe, dosn;t help with depression. After six years off work I&#039;m trying to go back but everything has to be planned around taking quetiapine, i can&#039;t drive after taking it and i need to take it about five hrs before i want to sleep so nights out are a no no as i&#039;m too groggy the next day. If i miss a dose i literally cannot sleep, my jaw tightens and i get anxious, i take 600mg"
"Awful. Didn&#039;t help and made me feel so apathetic. My school performance significantly decresed. I tried weaning off from taking 20 mg, then 10mg daily, then 10mg every other day, then 5mg every other day and had the worst withdrawl symptoms ever. Increased anxiety and depression. I was crying all the time and sometime felt manic. I had more pain and also had a fever of +102.8 for three days. Would not recomend"
"This should be the first thing you take when you realize you have back pain. At the very least this will take the sharp edge off and give you enough time to get to Urgent Care or an immediate doctor appointment. I have noticed that for extended use (2-5 days) the pain symptoms slowly come back, but at least this is something I can buy OTC."
"I have been on this birth control for about a year now. It is until recently everything is coming together to only prove how bad this birth control is for me. I have horrible mood swings, nausea, depression, tired more, slight weight gain, thinning of my hair (used to have nice thick hair and now it is thin) and if I miss a day and take two together I get really sick. I can only say that I have not gotten pregnant and I have decent periods. All I know is that I need to change quick.Some birth controls work better for others but please listen to your body and watch for any changes etc."
"Helped me through alcohol withdrawal"
"I started 25mg of Zoloft two weeks ago. My experience is different because I started taking it after 6 months on Prozac. On Prozac  I ended up with paranoia, obsessive thoughts and certainty that I was going crazy, but didn&#039;t recognize it as a side effect of medicine. Finally, my therapist told me that Prozac must be making me crazy. As soon as I stopped Prozac and started Zoloft i felt better. I&#039;m not yet sure if I feel better because I&#039;m off Prozac or because Zoloft is working, but I&#039;m calmer and feeling &quot;normal&quot;. Still low and worried about everything."
"Worst bc out of all three I have tried. I switched because this pill was much cheaper, now I know why.I gained over 5 pounds in only one pack (month). It gave me cystic acne and before my skin was clean. No babies w unprotected sex but still, I will be switching back to my previous pill."
"Aciphex was a true dream come true for me. Ive suffered from savere reflux for 3 years now, because of a hiatel hernia, and this is the first and only thing that has completely stopped the reflux and pain!!!!"
"My son has suffered with major constipation for almost a year. He is 2 years old. Every doctor told us to use prunes, apple juice, no dairy... etc. we tried them all. BUT Metamucil has worked its wonders!! He poops everyday and does not have to strain so much. Its doing really good, we give him half of a teaspoon in his water once a day and he doesn&#039;t even drink all of it."
"Been using Rogaine for about 4 months, experiencing scalp itch on the spot and behind my ears. Hope it goes away."
"I am 71 years old and both knees are bone on bone. Total knee replacements are not an option for me. I was getting Cortisone shots every few months and they were helpful. The doctor advised me Euflexxa may help me and I was given my 1st shot in the office but with every shot I felt worse, I advised the doctor that the pain was so extreme that I couldn&#039;t walk. 1 week after the 3rd shot I was given a Cortisone injection in both knees and 1 week later my left leg swelled up and I was admitted to the hospital with a flesh eating disease. I was close to 2 days from death and in surgery within a day to remove the bacteria. I was in the hospital and rehab for almost 4 months and am still in a wheelchair getting home nurse care and on antibiotics."
"I take it first thing in the morning with a full glass of water.  Seems to help throughout the day."
"Been on it a week now. So far no bad symptoms at all."
"I have been taking Drixoral since it was made.  It used to be by prescription only.  I was overjoyed when it came out over the counter.  This is the best allergy/sinus pill you can take.  Relieves stuffy nose due to swollen sinuses, sneezing, itchy nose and eyes, etc.  This is the only medicine that works for me."
"I&#039;ve been using Duac gel for around two years now. I know it&#039;s supposed to be a 12 week treatment for acne however when I first used this I had acne and I used it for maybe two weeks and my acne was gone. Once I stop using Duac gel I get the odd spots so I just use it everyday to prevent my spots coming back and I take a two week break every three months. I live in the UK so I get this product prescribed to me and a prescription on the NationalHealthService here is "
"I definitely recommend plan b for any girls who have had unprotected sex and are scared of the possible outcome. My experience with plan b was both good and bad. I took plan b 5 hours after the condom broke. Unfortunately for me it was my predicted day of ovulation. At first I had faith in plan b but after reading hundreds of reviews I had mixed emotions. I have a 40 day cycle sometimes earlier, but never more than 40 days. The morning after taking plan b I got serious nausea and I was so tired, I slept a lot. My symptoms went on for about 2 weeks. I also was very emotional during this time. Plan b really messes up your hormones and I was so overemotional. Since the condom broke and he finished inside me AND it was on ovulation day I was freaking out. I also had tons of discharge. I kept thinking I got my period and would race to the washroom however, it was this clear discharge. I was very concerned and thought that plan b had failed. On the day I was suppose to get my period, there was nothing. A few days passed and there was still nothing. I was still very nauseous, my boobs were super sore, and I had weird cramps every so often. I was preparing for the worse, but finally a week after I was suppose to, I got my period. At first it was light and I was, once again, worried it was a sign of pregnancy; spotting. The day after I got my normal flow. Plan b saved me and I&#039;m so thankful, I will definitely be more careful next time. All in all, plan b is very effective and I recommend it, however, the symptoms were pretty bad. Then again it is a lot better than being pregnant and not ready for the responsibly. I&#039;m only 16 years old and definitely capable of raising a child. Avoid a next time, plan b should be used for emergencies only and not regularly. I read tons of things on the Internet about plan b and I wouldn&#039;t trust all of the feedback. Plan b DOES work during and after ovulation. I am very grateful for plan b and give it the highest rating for effectiveness."
"I have been using over 3 weeks with no side effects except a slight burning for a few days but even the burning is gone!
I have had severe dry eyes that made me miserable! I have plugs in all four tear ducts and the Dr., tried Restatis which did nothing! The Xiidra has been wonderful and my eyes feel like normal again!
So thankful for this medicine!"
"I have been using this drug for 5 days. I have pneumonia and bronchitis. My cough is better and I am beginning to cough up mucus. My only problem is that I am very tired and want to sleep a lot. I have 5 more days and we will see."
"I&#039;ve been taking this medication for about 6 months now to help treat my insomnia issues and my migraines which have disabled me at 20 years old.. It&#039;s helped a lot. I only take 10mg because I am sensitive to medication and always have been... Because it&#039;s a form of anti-depressant I was stressed to try it because Zoloft made me insane and I was afraid I&#039;d get the same way on this... To my surprise, after going 6 years without any medication, this has worked really well. No dizziness like other meds have caused. I do get slight dry mouth. If I wake up at night it&#039;s short lived and I go back to sleep. I don&#039;t feel &#039;doped&#039; up when I wake up either just able to fall asleep again.. I would recommend this medication! side effects: Dry Mouth."
"Started wellbutrin 150 XL  once a day last year. Went up to 300 XL once a day. I felt very hyper, so went back go 150. Six months later tried above again. This time feel great. Very calm. Wonder why that is?"
"Not losing"
"I have been taking Apri for about 3 or 4 years now, and I am not pregnant! So that in itself makes it a good pill. However, my periods are still fairly heavy and the cramps painful, and I suspect that the estrogen may have something to do with the migraines I experience, but I&#039;m not sure. "
"I recently started using the patch. I have had to wear a pad everyday prior to using it. I&#039;m only on day 6, second patch, and I feel like my life has changed. I can walk, exercise, even sneeze and have no problem. I was concerned about the adhesive because I have allergies and sensitive skin, but I haven&#039;t had an issue. I place the patch on my lower abdomen off to the side. I removed the excess adhesive with baby oil and q-tips. It came right off. I&#039;ll definitely keep using this product."
"I have tried different medications (Diladuids, Percocet ) as I have had 2 knee replacements and another because 1 became infected. Vicodin has been better because of fewer side effects."
"Don&#039;t take this drug !! It caused me to have horrendously bad dreams. They were terrifying. My anxiety has worsened by 100 percent. I&#039;m fearful of going to sleep. I&#039;ve not slept more than three hours a night for two weeks. Another side effect I experienced was hair loss and vertigo. Thanks to my &quot; doctor &quot; I have regular episodes of vertigo which I had never experienced in my life. Stay away from this drug !"
"I have being taking Byetta &amp; Lantus for 3mths, i&#039;m allergic to metformin. my blood glucose has been very high 22.8 being the highest &amp; average 12-13 now the highest is 18.2 average 10-14 fasting morning readings 9-10 which is still very high - i&#039;m ambivalent with my feelings of byetta - i am disappointed as I really thought it would work brilliantly for me...i&#039;ve always had nausea as the main side-effect it&#039;s severity varies somedays it&#039;s shocking other days dissipates with a ginger tea but it&#039;s never not being there! I have a review with my GP which will up byetta to 10mcg &amp; then reveiw with endocrinlogist 2mths where he might restart me on a brand new protocol - - which might be a good thing - - as this clearly isn&#039;t working"
"Works great for schizophrenia like symptoms, still have some traces of voices however but the symptoms are VERY suppressed and not noticeable. The medication changed my aggression symptoms into neutral/muted emotions. Sex drive is completely gone. Cannot have orgasms and I gained 30 pounds in a month. I have a problem controlling my eating on this medication. I barely feel the sedation from whence I had first started.

I highly recommend this medication for psychotic symptoms. I am currently on 20 mg per day before bed."
"I was put on Celexa about 6 months ago for anxiety attacks and a little bit of depression. After the loss of my Grandpa, I cried a lot and couldn&#039;t even go into Wal-mart alone because I would have an attack and leave the store empty handed. This medicine has done amazing things to me, I am calm, in a better mood, and overall I don&#039;t worry so much about the little things that I can not control in life. I had a few small side effects, but nothing that was more horrible then not leaving the house because you would have panic attacks. I had dry mouth the first couple of weeks but overall I feel amazing and recommend it highly to everyone. Just remember that people&#039;s bodies are different, and it might just not be the one for you."
"I am wondering if I should reschedule procedure for tomorrow. I did not drink the 2 16 oz glasses of water after my first dose.  Since my instructions were to take first at 6 p and second at 10 p i took second dose and am drinking the water after. Not much happening. Wondering what to do."
"I am at the end of the 2nd week of the starter pack, last 20 mg pill.  I feel so much better on this medicine. My depression started after some horrible things happened in my family and it paralyzed me.  I didn&#039;t want to do anything anymore.  I wanted to be left alone.  I finally feel happy again.  I have been on Zoloft.  That worked but I gained too much weight. Effexor didn&#039;t really help and Wellbutrin did nothing.  This one made a huge difference and quickly.  I had diarrhea the first day of each new dose but it quickly went away.  No other side effects.  I am also sleeping much better.  The bottom line is, everyone is so completely different.  It is all trial and error."
"I am 36 and in the past year began getting cystic acne on my chin, cheeks and temples.  The cysts were incredibly red, itchy, and painful. They never came to a head and seemed to never fully heal.  Because they wouldn&#039;t heal, I would pick at them.  Last week, I broke out with 17 at once.  I was very embarrassed,  got fed up and saw a dermatologist. He prescibed Doxycycline and Aczone 2x per day.  Amazing results in less than a week!  My &#039;wounds&#039; are all dried up and I&#039;m dealing with moderate peeling now.  It seems as though Aczone immediately remedied the redness. I only woke up with one new pimple, but it healed in 1 day."
"We switched on the advice of the then new ADHD therapist.  It took longer to &quot;kick in&quot; and build up than other meds we tried but it has been a God send.  His grades are WAY up and he&#039;s not as hot or cold as he used to be.  My only issues are he won&#039;t eat while on it...not even a tiny bite.  Dr is keeping an eye on the weight.  Also, to me, he&#039;s not himself.  I don&#039;t like the flatness because his personality is so big!  At least it wears off!"
"I honestly didn&#039;t realize I had a medical condition. I just thought my deodorants weren&#039;t working for me. I recently had a rash under my arm and went to the doctor and he said I had hyperhidrosis. For the past few years I&#039;m am only to wear tank tops or black/white shirts to prevent the seeing of my underarm sweat, so terribly embarrassing. I would have such envy of anybody who could wear a clingy colored shirt! Now that I have been prescribed Hypercare it has only been one day and I wore a gray clingy shirt today with no armpit sweat stain! I feel so much more comfortable now, and I get too expand my wardrobe with clingy colorful shirts now! Thank you doctor!"
"Percocet is indeed a wonder medicine for pain. I take up to 5 a day and still have some pain, but at least it is dulled to a point of making my life worthwhile.
I am in late 70s and doctors have told me that back surgery at my age and my condition (Severe stenosis, herniated disc) is risky. I thought my later years would be enjoyable but back pain has made me lose interest in all the things that I looked forward to, travel, etc. It has placed a heavy burden on my wife to take care of me in my pain mode."
"Experienced a major, full-blown panic attack (due to stress and agoraphobia) while out with a friend. She offered Librium, two 5mg capsules. The hysteria subsided fairly quickly, but I could not stop crying, &amp; could not breathe. Two more Librium stabilised me completely. When I told my doctor, she &quot;told&quot; me rather than asking me that I slept for the remainder of that day. Nooooo....I&#039;ve been telling her for MONTHS that it takes high doses of 4 different meds for me to sleep. One of those is Klonopin. For 10 years I was prescribed 6mg at bedtime. New doc came in, cut me down to 4mg, upsetting my balance, making falling asleep a chore. I hope she will take into account the Librium&#039;so positive effect."
"I sincerely recommend this product to any individual suffering from hyperhydrosis. All throughout my childhood I suffered from excessive sweating on my scalp and underarms. For those of you who&#039;ve felt publicly victimized by this condition, you are not alone. WARNING to first time users: I would recommend using the regular 12% or mild 6.5% Aluminum chloride formula initially. I myself initially utilized the extra strong formula which contained 20% Aluminum chloride and during the first night of application I genuinely felt the most excruciating pain I have ever experienced in my entire life! Start off with the less concentrated formulas or start applying small amounts initially and gradually increase the amount being applied. TRUST ME!"
"Im writing this because reading this same page is what ultimately convinced me to give birth control a try for my stubborn, cystic, HORMONAL acne. If you&#039;ve tried everything in the book for acne like I have, (antibiotics, prescribed antibiotics, every OTC cream and wash on the market, DIY...) and it&#039;s been as a relentlessly tiring experience- please try BCPs. After talking w my dr, she said that after a week I should see a difference bc thats when your body adjusts. After a week seeing not only no difference but seemingly worse cystic acne all around my chin (my number #1 problem area) I ended up back on here and countless other websites to refer to other people&#039;s experiences. And thank god I did- GIVE IT TIME!!!! That&#039;s the key to this."
"Advil is my pain reliever of choice, and I take it occasionally to relieve severe headaches; however, it is not without its (many) faults. For starters, it often takes as long as 2 hours to start acting. Also, it is VERY hard on my stomach&mdash;taking even the smallest recommended dose makes me feel queasy and nauseous. I actually prefer the children&#039;s Advil, as it has a similar pain-relieving effect without as much stomach pain.

Overall, Advil is a worthwhile pain medication, but I would recommend using it sparingly."
"I have loved this birth control for some time, but it has made me gain weight and enlarged my boobs which I hate. The last couple weeks, it has made me super depressed and have major mood changes which is why I am coming off this BC."
"Lost 55 pounds in 5 months on Belviq + Phentermine. NO side effects, lower blood pressure, lower cholesterol"
"I am on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for acne and for pregnancy prevention. I started it on the first day of my period and experienced nausea for about the first week, gradually getting better as time went on. I am toward the end of my 2nd week of pills and so far, so good. I noticed my skin looks clearer already but my breasts have been ache-y and quite sore, and I have experienced some cramping/side/back pain as well with this. Had unprotected sex my 7th day of the pill (was advised that since I started the pill the first day of my period, it was effective at preventing pregnancy immediately, according to the FDA insert and multiple doctors), so we shall see what happens! No spotting or anything, which was a problem I had on the NuvaRing."
"I took this medicine for restless legs syndrome. About one week into the therapy, I started to notice my RLS was worse and started taking the medicine more often. It made everything worse, I had bad dreams, and a bad taste in my mouth in the morning. After just 3 weeks, I was no longer taking the medicine."
"I have had side effects of  nervousness and a few strong  anxiety attacks. One that sent me to the hospital thinking I was having a heart attack. I meditate now when I feel it coming on."
"I tore some muscle and tendon in my hip/leg. Had to get an injection when initially hurt and then went 3 weeks trying to deal with the pain using ibuprofen and it didn&#039;t take it down to anything other than than a 4 on my pain scale. This is awesome. It&#039;s taken it down to a 0 and I can walk without pain and sleep without waking up constantly."
"I&#039;m uncomfortable reading the scare stories about this device. I don&#039;t think they&#039;re that helpful to women who are looking for a reliable contraceptive.
My experience with the implant has been wholly positive.
I first had it inserted in September &#039;05. No pain, no funny moods, no bleeding at all! No babies either. I liked it so much that when I had it removed in &#039;08 I had it replaced at the same appointment. Again, no pain.
I have just been to have my second implant removed, but not replaced this time. And again, no pain, no stress. 
I&#039;d recommend it."
"I posted below. Been taking since Sept, I take 50ml x3 at night although presp says 3 a day. Sleep like a baby, no pain still, and wake refreshed. At first it might make u feel little drunk in am, just silly, nothing bad. Still working and a lifesaver! I needed to update on the free prescription, it&#039;s Pfizer website and goto patient presp program. Fill out info along w required things, mail it, in 2 weeks u get letter if accepted, then prsp comes by FedEx! U have to call close to running out each month so that Pfizer can fedex u your refill! Got mine paid for a year! Otherwise it&#039;s $400 for 90 pills. I get 50ml free from Pfizer a 90 day supply! Thank you Pfizer!"
"I am 16 years old and started this birth control a month ago. Got pretty bad nausea and headaches the first couple weeks but it went away. I don&#039;t take the placebo pills for my period week because they make my period worse and going off the placebo seems to help. I started my second pack yesterday and took a double dose because I skipped a day. Woke up this morning, vomited profusely all day. If it gets worse, I&#039;m going to the hospital."
"I had been prescribed this for pain but had caught a cold.  I read that hydrocodone is used for cough, so I tried it.  I had one of those coughs that just doesn&#039;t let up and makes you nuts because you can&#039;t sleep, eat, talk, etc.  Within a half hour of taking a Vicodin 10, I finally stopped coughing uncontrollably.  It worked better than the codeine I had taken years ago for cough.  I only needed it for 2 days for the cough  and it was a lifesaver."
"I&#039;ve been on birth control for 7 years. Every couple of years I end up having to change it because even though it worked for a year I start bleeding all the time. I started taking sronyx about 2 months ago and I&#039;ve opted to just stop all together while my husband is deployed. Since taking this I have been bleeding, my boobs hurt so bad even wearing a bra hurts, and I&#039;m so nauseous I feel like I&#039;m constantly running to the bathroom. I also have very bad acid reflux and heart burn which I haven&#039;t had in about 4 years. And after reading some of the other reviews realized how moody I&#039;ve been. Not to my husband thank god but to everyone else. I have also noticed I want bad food all the time. I don&#039;t recommend."
"I was on this medicine for a little over a year and I gained almost 100 pounds. I slept all the time and my emotions felt numb."
"I&#039;ve been on this 13 week birth control for 2 years now and have had no issues. My first pack did come with some irregular spotting, however after my second pack the spotting disappeared, and I have a regular period every 13 weeks as expected.

I&#039;ve gone through 3 other varieties of birth control that left me spotting no matter how long I took them, but this birth control actually works for me. I have very painful cramps and a heavy flow, but it has reduced the mere 4 periods that I do have a year to very light and painless ones.

Only downside is my insurance doesn&#039;t cover it and it&#039;s crazy expensive, but I&#039;m at least happy it exists at all."
"I started the pack this evening.  Within half an hour of taking the 4 pills, followed by a complete healthy dinner, my throat tightened up.  Couple minutes later I started to glow and had a warm sensation all over.  This turned to an aggressive itch and after about another 5 or so minutes I had trouble breathing.  The skin sensation turned into an unbearable burning sensation all over.  I ended up on the floor and my wife called 911.    Paramedics came, blood pressure and pulse went OTT.  Paramedics thought it was a allergic reaction, gave me benedril to counter the effect and about 15 minutes later my throat started to relax, the glow and red skin started to subside and he itching and tingling started to calm down.  Better luck next time."
"Since my doctor prescribed Dilaudid I can tell a world of difference. It actually controls my pain to the extent that I can carry out my daily routine. I am very pleassed."
"Severe muscle spasm in lower lumbar region, couldn&#039;t stand as I couldn&#039;t bear any weight without severe pain and would just collapse. Doctor prescribed me prednisone on a tapered prescription along with painkillers and muscle relaxants. Prednisone was fantastic within two days I was back on my feet and on sixth day managed a return eight hour flight home which I was dreading! An X-ray confirmed osteoarthritis in my lower spine. Prednisone gave me my freedom and future back. 
ps I&#039;m writing this at 3am as the side effects are that I don&#039;t sleep throughout the whole night. I will be asking my doctor at home for prednisone if this happens again as its more effective than painkillers."
"I was prescribed this for my anxiety disorder, and I&#039;m really disappointed. It did absolutely nothing for me, which for obvious reasons, is frustrating in times of extreme anxiety. Taking a &quot;rescue medication&quot; and help never coming was hard for me personally. Others say it works great, but I suppose it depends on the person."
"Excellent."
"I have used this for years and it has provided much quick relief.  It far surpassed other &quot;prescribed&quot; asthma inhalers I have used."
"So far been on this for about 3 months now... And I&#039;ve gained weight rapidly. My mood swings are way off the wall. I&#039;m tired just about everyday even after countless hours of rest. My periods are extremely abnormal in which they never were before. Random spotting...which is extra annoying. My past period cycle was so weird because I&#039;ve just gotten it and it looked like it was going away, even thought it was lighter it lasted a lot longer than usual. You definitely get pregnancy like symptoms...such has the bloating excessive eating, sensitive nose, mood swings and defintley lots of fluids real easing from you&#039;re body."
"I have been on this birth control since I was 16, I am now 21. I was not sexually active til 17. I didn&#039;t really have any interest in sex until I was 19, referring to sex drive.
Depo was the best decision I ever made the first 3 years, then my body starting having random cramps from time to time. I could be walking and I would have to stop for 2 minutes. I wouldn&#039;t move. I would have discharge. I had 2 day periods for 2 years every 3 months right before my next shot .. Now I&#039;ll spot for  a couple weeks. I started at 112 now I&#039;m 121 . I never had a problem with gaining weight. I&#039;m still not pregnant. So I&#039;ll stay on this because the pros outweigh the cons."
"I started using Ortho Tri-Cyclen about 3 years ago, which I had no problems with. However, 3 months ago I switched to Trinessa because it&#039;s much cheaper. The first few days I definitely felt on edge and &quot;out of sorts,&quot; but I assume it was just my body adjusting to the medication since I felt better after that. I have actually experienced less mood swings than when on OTC, however I have noticed more bloating (no weight gain) and some new bumps on my face. I have never had a problem with acne, but I seemed to develop these tiny bumps as soon as I started Trinessa. Overall, the very minimal side effects that I have experienced are far outweighed by the benefits of a cheap and effective birth control. I guess everyone&#039;s body is different."
"I started taking Lyrica for pain from Hashimoto&#039;s disease. At first I had a lot of energy. Then, I leveled off and the fatigue is back. The pain is about 85% gone! I did experience a huge emotional roller coaster at first and even had suicidal thoughts for the first time ever. I figured it was just the adjustment period and gave it more time. It has been about 2 months now and I just wish I could figure out if it is the Lyrica causing the fatigue.  I ache too much without it to test the theory."
"I started using Zoloft one and a half years ago.  It definitely helped my mood, especially anxiety and depression.  I also have a much more stable mood throughout my day.  It did cause me to gain weight when I started taking it, but I was not eating enough prior to taking the medicine.  Occasionally, I would get headaches and after a while my body started having panic attacks again.  But for the first year at least, I would say it was the perfect medication"
"Advil is my pain reliever of choice, and I take it occasionally to relieve severe headaches; however, it is not without its (many) faults. For starters, it often takes as long as 2 hours to start acting. Also, it is VERY hard on my stomach&mdash;taking even the smallest recommended dose makes me feel queasy and nauseous. I actually prefer the children&#039;s Advil, as it has a similar pain-relieving effect without as much stomach pain.

Overall, Advil is a worthwhile pain medication, but I would recommend using it sparingly."
"Depo Provera was the first hormone birth control I used.  I only got it once.  Pros:  no pregnancy; no weight gain; no period; didn&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill everyday.
Cons:  was in tears for basically 3 months straight; sharp decline in sex drive; increased acne (probably from crying all the time); bleeding for 4 weeks straight when I got off it."
"Xarelto has been great for my pulmonary emboli.  It is easy to take without monitoring, as reduced the clots quickly and has little restrictions."
"Thymus tumor caused Myasthenia Gravis. Tumor was removed (thymectomy) but still have severe muscle problems, treated with pyridostigmine 60mgx5 and 5 mg prednisone x2. Which gives me about a 1-2 hour window of better muscle control per dosage. Often times causes severe cramping in neck, head, face, hands, legs.., I take magnesium to relax the muscle cramping. Also have less control of bowels and urinary. Not sure if meds help or hinder in that area. Food has less taste too."
"I&#039;m 25, diagnosed with ADHD, Anxiety Disorder and Idiopathic Hypersomnia. I&#039;ve taken Concerta for several years for ADHD.  And was only recently diagnosed with idiopathic hypersomnia. For a while I took both concerta and Ritalin. While it helped to some degree with daytime sleepiness, I still found it impossible to wake up and would frequently crash before I could even make it to bed. Recently I was taken off of Concerta and Ritalin entirely and switched to Modafinil. 
While wake promoting effects aren&#039;t quite as strong, they&#039;re much more consistent. I&#039;m still tired, but it&#039;s much more manageable and easier to wake up. As a plus, since making the switch my anxiety is also much better."
"I successfully quit on day 6 and stayed for over a year and half with Chantix. I did have a few side effects nausea had to take half doses after day 8, vivid but pleasant dreams and constipation but not sure if that was withdrawal or the Chantix. I recently started back smoking around the anniversary of my husband&#039;s passing and started Chantix again 3 days ago. I can already tell the want and desire to smoke is fading and the taste is yuck. I would highly recommend Chantix to anyone that is SERIOUS about quitting."
"25, Male. I noticed the previous reviewer mentioned having ocular symptoms with Fetzima. I&rsquo;ve also been having these issues. Specifically, I&rsquo;ve had eye pain, a feeling of pressure behind the eyes and a tight feeling as if my eyes are about to pop out of my head. Other than the previous reviewer, I haven&rsquo;t seen anyone else mention it, and it doesn&rsquo;t seem to be an acknowledged side effect in the literature. I&rsquo;ve had a number of other side effects, but they are manageable; this one is most troubling. I&rsquo;ve been on the drug 3 months and I would have already quit except it&rsquo;s the only drug (of many I&rsquo;ve tried) that has helped my energy, focus and motivation. I will probably see an ophthalmologist before I decide whether to discontinue."
"I have had depression since I was a teenager. I have tried pretty much anything you could think of. Nothing has helped me like Xanax. The problem is that doctors don&#039;t like to prescribe this medicine. I feel so lost without it and I would only take it when I really needed it. Only 2 or 3 times a week. "
"It works great."
"I took many drugs and tried with different remedies but the only thing that actually helped me was a supplement named alpharise, it has zinc, saw palmetto, B9."
"This birth control was not good. I gained weight all in my stomach and had horrible horrible bloating before my period for about 3 days. It was as if I was 4 months pregnant - none of my clothes fit and I&#039;d feel too uncomfortable to sit in a chair. Acne was more worse than it has ever been."
"I have been taking this for 2 whole wks and haven&#039;t lost no weight! Although I have all the side effects "
"absolutely loved this pill the first 5 months of taking it, light period, only 2-3 days. no cramps. Its very effective - pregnancy wise. but its been a year now. I haven&#039;t gotten my period since August 15 and it is now November 11th. Sure its nice but it is very unhealthy for the body. I am not pregnant if that&#039;s what you were thinking, the pill just doesn&#039;t give me periods. I have had terrible tension headaches all year, and all the sudden breaking out all in my T zone of the face. Blind pimples. &amp; boils under my armpits. Along with nausea and drowsiness. I am 16 and don&#039;t wanna have to deal w all these side effects! not too mention the pill makes me feel sad and crazy sometimes. I definitely do not recommend it."
"These vitamins made me so nauseous that I had to stop taking them and switch to another prenatal vitamin.  As soon as I stopped taking them, the nausea subsided."
"I used Suprep. Yes the taste was slightly unpleasant, salty.  Previously I used Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (aka Peg-3350) that required drinking one gallon of liquid over a short period of time.  Suprep wins hands down."
"I got prescribed ritalin ir 5 mg for depression caused by fatigue (worsened by chemo). At first, I thought taking a pill whenever I was depressed or fatigued would be awesome, but it sucks. All it turns into is a schedule, and taking a pill 3 times a day on an empty stomach becomes difficult. When it worked, it worked well, but the crash was terrible. Even when it was working, I couldn&#039;t even enjoy watching tv. It was horrible.
Then, I was prescribed 20 mg of the slow release, which was much better. It lasts pretty much all day, there&#039;s no crash, and it gives me a little more energy to do things. It does decrease my appetite, but it&#039;s worth it. It does make it a little difficult to go to sleep on time, but it makes waking up early very easy"
"Klonopin has improved my quality of life exponentially. I feel as though it opened up this new world around me -- one that was always there, but I was just too nervous to experience it. It&#039;s also the only medication that helps me fall asleep fast without feeling groggy the next morning.

That being said, it is a benzodiazepine, so taking it every day isn&#039;t a good idea, and the potential for addiction and tolerance is there. In combination with talk therapy, this medication can help you live a life free of fear and worry."
"I have been using this product since it was made available without a prescription. 

If you are going to use it, be sure to read the instructions and warnings. 

This product has a period of time at the beginning of use that makes your acne worse and then clears it. I went through this process when I started taking Spironolactone, so I knew what to expect and I trusted that it would go away - it did. 

My skin looks and feels fantastic! I still get an occasional zit here at there - I&#039;m pretty sure it&#039;s my fault as I&#039;m a toucher/picker/popper. 

This is an easy product to add to your routine. Make sure to use it at night and wash off in the morning so you don&#039;t have to worry about sunburns. 

I highly recommend Differin."
"I have  had moderate acne for 6 months now and I am 22. I am currently week one on doxycycline with with topical Retin A... I didn&#039;t actually read any reviews on this before taking it. Now that I have read it, I hope I don&#039;t get the horrible purging phase and really worried about relapse after stop taking it. At the moment I haven&#039;t had any new breakouts apart from one on my chin few days ago. There is a bit dryness  around my jawline in the mornings which is because of Retin A. But haven&#039;t had any side effects, plus some of my acne and acne marks have cleared.  Hopefully it clears up in a month as I have graduation... I will keep updating"
"I have only been taking this pill for 3 nights already....my appetite has gone down since I started.  So far, only side effect...hope it stays that way!  I don&#039;t get sick, just nothing sounds good and I am eating less."
"I just started taking 100mg quetiapine to help me sleep. Only been on it 5 days. I suffer from anxiety-sometimes severe, depression-sometimes severe &amp; severe pain from severe osteoarthritis, severe back pain from multiple surgeries &amp; degenerate disc disease. Anyway, thus far quetiapine seems to help me sleep somewhat. Still waking up too early, average 4 hours sleep per night &amp; I feel real foggy. Not sure what to do cause I was taking trazadon which helped me sleep but nasty stuff. So from a lot of reviews I&#039;ve read here it seems quetiapine affects a lot of people differently. I&#039;m so scared of it yet I&#039;m exhausted from lack of sleep which causes me more anxiety &amp; depression. I&#039;ve not gotten a decent night&#039;s sleep in months. Any suggestions?"
"I started taking this medicine for about 3 weeks now. It works like a charm when it comes to falling asleep, but the next day i feel like a snail and i also have severe confusion. I sometimes feel high too. If anyone has insomnia like me, try something else"
"Have been taking Trazodone for about 6 years and it works great. I take it for anxiety and it also lets me sleep. I  have Sleep Apnea and I take it along with a Benadryl and a calcium tablet (for cramps). It works and it&#039;s cheap."
"I wasn&#039;t even convinced I had a full blown YI, but with the irritation I decided to get the 1 a day. I used said product around 11pm - it is now 5am and I&#039;m wide awake after sitting in a cold bath because I feel as tho I&#039;ve been stung by fire ants. This is ridiculous I don&#039;t remember anything burning this bad. I wish I would&#039;ve read reviews first."
"I&#039;m using a small amount applied with a qtip on the red area quite effective.  I have a mild case of rosacea due to hormonal changes.  I don&#039;t use it daily, only when needed and again, sparingly."
"I had knee surgery.  I can&#039;t tolerate hydrocodone so the Doctor prescribed Nucynta 50 mg. Took two after coming home from the surgery and felt psychotic. It took several hours to get over it.  I&#039;ve since taken one, and just had mild stomach upset.  From the comments posted here, it seems you need to take it for a period of time before it starts working well. "
"I had been to AA before and had five years sobriety before going back out for twenty something years. AA really works if you have the capacity to be honest. I was fortunate enough to go back to a 30 day inpatient program. My spirituality is my cornerstone, God and faith are the only things I can depend on for my sobriety."
"I have been on Effexor for 15 years 150MG per day except for a 1 year period ending about 6 months ago.  It is very effective for me.  It made me tired when I first started it, but it was worth sticking through that.  For my time not taking it, I was on Zoloft which didn&#039;t work as well.  Effexor has kept me from depression but it does other things for me.  First, it reduces my inattentiveness to near nothing.  Therefore, I am very productive at whatever I do.  Second, it greatly reduces anxiety.  Stress does not cripple me any longer while on this medication.  

Going off the medication has a weird withdrawal symptom that isn&#039;t painful, it&#039;s just odd.  Do not go off the medication without a doctor assisting."
"Very fast onset to terminate mania"
"I&#039;ve been taking clonazepam 5 mg to 10mg tablets as needed for anxiety and nerve pain for 4 years now, and also have ADD.  As of lately I&#039;ve noticed that about an hour after taking clonazepam I felt restless and tense, almost jittery and my muscles tightened up and I was wide awake so I basically got 2 hours of sleep at night.  I would say that after long term use, even if it is as needed, clonazepam definitely causes affects of insomnia and muscle stiffness."
"I have been on Zoloft for 2 months I don&#039;t have anxiety like I used to."
"I have been taking  Topirimate for complex partial seizures following my second sub arachnoid  bleed in 2005 but started to lose my hair so I am now taking Zonegran and since changing over I feel very well, and the hair loss seems to be  much improved and I am feeling great !"
"Was diagnosed with pneumonia in March 2013 and HIV. Viral load was 16000 and CD4 365. July viral load was 7600 and CD4 735 without meds. Started Stribild August 2013, after 3 weeks I&#039;m undetectable and CD4 765. Very pleased."
"I have been on this for 4 months now.  My A1C has come down 1.4 points.  I have lost 42 pounds.  I am on half the metformin, half the blood pressure meds, half the Levemir, and not using any Humalog.  I would really like to talk to somebody about their experience. 
I pee all the time, every hour.  I have to drink continually or my mouth gets unbelievably dry.  I am also pretty incontinent.  It has given me sort of a food aversion.  For instance, I have been avoiding dairy including cheese because it just doesn&#039;t taste right.  Even the thought of things like cookies, pies, candy is nauseating me.  Craving salty things, low-carb.
The weight loss is great, rather unexpectedly fast.  "
"I&#039;ve been on Savella this time for a couple of weeks, I&#039;ve noticed I have constant &quot;headaches&quot; and constipation and that doesn&#039;t help,because I have IBSC.I do suffer with headaches, they are worse now along with ALL my other health problems and medications, I go back in a month to see my PCP, Savella has helped with my Fibro pain and I have lost weight%u263A, It&#039;s just the CONSTANT HEADACHES AND CONSTIPATION. I  hope my PCP will have a Solution, Because I don&#039;t want to stop taking it.I have tried Lyrica in the past, I couldn&#039;t take to Many side effects, Also took Cymbalta it worked good, My insurance stopped paying then I started reading about ALL the law suits for Cymbalta. So I hope my Headaches and Constipation gets Better."
"My husband has always what&#039;s called prostrating attacks, which is a form of a migraine that leaves him in so much pain he can&#039;t function at all! The only medication that has ever worked on him is the Imitrex. This stuff is awesome! The only thing that is irritating is every time I get his prescription filled the pharmacist try to give him the Sumatriptan (the generic version) which makes him so sick he will throw up nonstop for hours. So I always have to tell them he needs the name brand, and I have gotten into many arguments with pharmacists trying to tell me it&#039;s the same thing. IT&#039;S NOT!!!! When my husband takes Imitrex his migraine is gone within minutes, he takes a Sumatriptan and I feel like I need to take him to a hospital."
"I have been on the Pill Yasmin for 4 years now and i am only 17. I suffered from terrible acne therefor the reason i began taking it and it has been wonderful. Took me 6 months to see a difference but its worth the wait really has changed my life. I can now go out without make up on."
"I was on Gianvi for two years and just stopped taking it because side effects were getting to me. PRO: cheap, cleared up my ache and prevented pregnancy. For several months it reduced my migraines and I felt no mood changes. CON: Over time, my migraines got horrible and more frequent, breasts increased a cup size, felt in a constant &#039;brain fog&#039;, had constant breakthrough bleeding that started triggering bacterial vaginosis infections and got vaginal dryness. I think this may work for you if you aren&#039;t sensitive to hormones."
"I started Phentermine and toprimate back in November 2016, I am down 46lbs. At first I didn&#039;t think it was going to work , I was suffering from mild headaches and some dizziness but after a month all those side effects went away.  I was doing nutrisystem 1200 calories along with the medication and the weight was just melting off.  I can&#039;t rave enough about it...good luck to anyone who tries it!"
"well I have been on this for probably a year an a half an was on a different one for 2 an ahalf years due to really bad mood swings an got switched to this about a year ago my doc asked about my weight gain an i told her it was from not being active as i was in high school with drill team now im thinking its not that. now im thinkin its my pills that are making me gain. i have changed my diet an so far nothing i used to be like 30 pounds lighter an now i have no idea what to do. probably will contact my doc soon cause im tired of the weight"
"What&#039;s worse than having to take this stuff?  Having to take the second dose!!!!  I got 3/4 of the second dose down before intense gagging.  NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!  The taste is like disgusting grape cough medicine.  After starving all day, the overfull feeling of this plus the extra water you have to drink in the hour is terrible."
"I took Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for a year, during which I was having intercourse very regularly. It was the only form of birth control I used, and although I did miss a few pills, my menstrual cycle was always on time, although I often lightly bled during the third week as well. It had the added benefit of clearing up all of my acne, when previously I would get zits on my chin, forehead, and back. The side effects were mild; a nauseous feeling when I first woke up, and constant vaginal dryness."
"I&#039;m a 25 year old male who has been on Zoloft for most of the past 4-5 years for anxiety. At times I took 50mg but mostly I took 100mg/day.

The drug&#039;s effects aren&#039;t as noticeable until you either stop and think about it or stop using it for a bit. I like to think of it as taking the emotional peaks and valleys in your life and compressing them. While that&#039;s a good thing for bad anxiety and what not, it also is a bummer that is works the same way with positive feelings.

Quitting the drug made me more irrationally irritable but not much else. My least favorite part of Zoloft is how it kills libido and makes it incredibly hard to climax. It&#039;s got it&#039;s upside but I am currently in process of trying something else"
"This product is amazing. Cleared up fungus that I&#039;ve had for over 30 years in less than a year."
"My 14 year old daughter had been taking Vyvanse since 2010 - her current dosage is 50mg.  In the first couple years I believe this medication was a good fit for my daughter; however, It is my opinion she needs a change.  Also thanks to Obmacare effective 1/1/16 we are paying a copayment of $197 (from $40). Unbelievable for Vyvanse to NOT RELEASE A GENERIC until 2023!"
"So me and my girlfriend haven&#039;t seen each other and when I came over, we had unprotected sex which resulted in the pull out method. I was sure there was going to be precum (didn&#039;t ejaculate inside her) and according the a period tracker app, her ovulation day was the 10th of March and we had unprotected sex March 11th the day after ovulation . I freaked out cuz I&#039;m only 19 and we both aren&#039;t ready to be parents. So about 27 hours later I bought her a plan b and she took it. The only
Thing that sucks is the waiting part. She kept on getting symptoms of pregnancy which scared me even more. But the day her period was suppose to come, it came! I say plan b is effective, but to be sure always use a condom. Don&#039;t stress it!!"
"To be honest, I don&#039;t know what I&#039;d do if this drug didn&#039;t exist. Yeah, it&#039;s certainly got its risks, but if you&#039;ve got sleep onset insomnia and the trazodone, antihistamines, and everything else you&#039;ve tried has failed, don&#039;t be afraid to give Sonata a try. Even the smallest dose available helps me, which is kind of surprising, considering that doxylamine and hydroxyzine both crapped out after less than a month, trazodone barely did anything, and diphenhydramine always left me drowsy the next day and had a tendency to make me oversleep, not to mention that it takes 50 to 75mg combined with melatonin to do anything. Sonata works wonders for me. Just don&#039;t take it every night, since it can get less effective if you do."
"Been a paraplegic for 36 years. Lots of arm and shoulder pain from ruptures. Been on tramadol for 8 years now. 200-300mg a day. It has allowed me to have a good quality of life I would otherwise not have. Few to no side effects. An excellent pain control medicine."
"I took this for about a week. ONLY A WEEK. It broke me out right away, and I was absolutely crazy with my moods. I&#039;m still suffering mild hormone imbalance and acne side effects after being off of it for 2 weeks, but I&#039;m just glad to be off. I&#039;m not sure if it would have stopped my periods or not, but I wasn&#039;t going to try."
"I absolutely hate this. I have been on depo for 6 months and I have bled the whole time. Non stop. No breaks. It&#039;s not light either. It&#039;s like being on the second day of your period FOREVER. It has also significantly worsened my depression. I had finally gotten a combo of meds and therapy that had me feeling relatively functional. I made the mistake of taking depo. It ruined all my progress and has me debating suicide again. I&#039;ve gained weight and developed acne. This sucks don&#039;t ever take it. They&#039;ll tell you it can stop your periods. Don&#039;t be deceived!"
"I&#039;ve suffered from facial eczema for many years now. Within 2 days of starting Elidel I began to see clearing. After 1 week my skin looks healthy again. Works Great and Stops the Itch!"
"I&#039;m on day 5 and it&#039;s starting to become difficult to take.  I&#039;m having quite a bit of nausea.  I&#039;ll try taking this with ondansetron to see if it reduces some of the nausea."
"Started phentermine January 15, so almost 2 months ago. I&#039;m 5&#039;2 and my starting weight was 151lbs. I&#039;m now down to 126lbs! Lost weight really fast during the first month (about 20 pounds). Weight loss slowed during the second month but I wasn&#039;t eating quite as healthy as the first month. I&#039;m trying to lose 10 more pounds, so we&#039;ll see how it goes! I have a little over 2 weeks of phentermine left, so hopefully it will help me."
"Its a great birth control method. I&#039;ve been on it for a year, but sometimes I get my period and sometimes I don&#039;t. I don&#039;t like the fact that it stopped my Period for 3 months &amp; then it came back but for a few weeks. Otherwise, a great birth control method!"
"Amrix did nothing for me...I had the usual side effect of tiredness after the first day but I was fine afterwards.  I took it for 4 days with no relief."
"I started Victoza approximately 6 weeks ago. No real side effects. At first, I couldn&#039;t eat at all.  No appetite whatsoever. I dropped about 5 pounds in the first 5-8 days, but then the weight came back. I wasn&#039;t eating much and still am not but my body seems to have gone in to starvation mode and is holding on to every pound. I also have felt very down and depressed. Don&#039;t know if it is from the Victoza or not. I also taken Invokana."
"I&#039;ve had anxiety for a years, and panic a lot. I lost my job and partner in the same week (2 weeks before Xmas). Took my first tablet 4 hours ago and already I can think straight, concentrate, and I&#039;m not up tight! Clearheaded."
"I have severe Lymphadima and venous edema with pitting. I made the mistake of taking the medicine at night and was up urinating every 30-40 minutes in large quantities all night. This medicine made me extremely thirsty so you have to be sure to drink plenty of water when taking this medicine."
"This medicine is a miracle, it has changed my life completely. Before Xolair I was being admitted to hospital via ambulance every 6-7 days, with ICU admissions, without this medicine I would not be alive today, as there was nothing else that would help. I have tried everything going, every attack via ambulance they were injecting me with adrenaline until they got me to hospital. "
"I have been taking it for 8 months.
I noticed a dramatic difference. 
Most negative thoughts are gone. But I still have times.  A lot.  Where I think and feel the way I did before.
I know this isn&#039;t magical and going to take the pain away.
Just wanted you all to know that it helps a lot. "
"my husband had been haveing multiple hospitalizations 9 in 10 months once on a respirator for copd excallabrations his pulmanolagist put him on daliresp  and i must say i am  very impressed he has not had a flare up in 3 months and his breathing is seeming to stabilize , he does get headaches. but it is something that as he says he is willing to deal with if it means a more normal life"
"Started off with the &quot;Purple Pill&quot; effective but very expensive. Physician switched me to &quot;Pantoprazole&quot; (Protonix) - just as effective, a fraction of the price. My diet slipped back to pre-med carelessness (spicy food, garlic, onions, curries &amp;c and STILL no problems. I did go back to sensible eating at the urging of my daughter!"
"I took zovia for one month. After one week of being on the medication, I  felt awful. I was getting headaches and nausea. On top of that I had nonstop cravings. I had to go off of it!"
"Osteoarthritis had destroyed my quality of life and Tylenol 4s have brought it back."
"I love this pill! I have been taking birth control for over two years now. The first few months I was on Lo Loestrin Fe, I wasn&#039;t crazy about it, so I switched over to Microgestin 1\20 Fe and my period is perfect. I know exactly what day its coming and what time its coming, it&#039;s like clockwork. I take the pill around the same time every day and have had no problems! I love it and highly suggest this birth control. Periods are two and a half days and its spotting."
"I have had numerous scopes done since 2006, this by far has been the most palatable. Still gross, but much better than all the other ones prior. I read the reviews hoping to not sway my decision in the negative since this was a new prep for me.  The tips that do help are making sure the drink is cold, using a straw, mixing it with Sprite/water also and having a slice of lemon to suck on between drinks as needed. After the first hour, plan on parking on a toilet! You will feel bloated, burps, slight headache and keep a supply of latex gloves and Vaseline nearby with non-scented wipes. And a good supply of TP! Good luck"
"At age 56, after testing to rule out other problems, I had Mirena inserted 8 months ago to control disabling periods that were interfering with work, travel, and exercise and causing anemia. Insertion was less noticeable than pap test, with minimal cramping afterwards. Periods now range from light to fairly heavy, but all are manageable. No weight gain (I am slim) and no other noticeable side effects except for near constant spotting, heavy enough to need a small tampon for all but about one week per month. Annoying but much better situation than I had before so I am very glad I did it."
"Was on Effexor for a little over a year and a half. I am a 25 year old female, approximately 5&#039;5&quot;. When I began taking this medication I was sitting around 165, I was prescribed 37.5 mg after switching doctors due to moving, everything worked fine until I was on it for about 6 months, no side effects, no crazy reactions. After the 6 month period I began feeling slower, less emotion, yet increased anger at little things a couple of times a month. Forgetting this pill was never an option as the nausea and headaches were out of control. I finally went back yesterday to be switched off it to something different and was prescribed Wellbutrin, so today is my first full day off and my clarity is slightly back just beginning a day without it."
"I started Loryna for PMDD.
Started on a Sunday. By Tuesday I had 3 enormous, painful zits. By Thursday I was in severe abdominal cramping pain. Similar to period/early labor pains. By Saturday they landed me in the ER.
Every lab test and ultrasound/xray was normal so the only diagnoses that made sense was the pill. 
I&#039;m currently on day 9 of my period which would normally only last 5-6 days. 
Needless to say, it&#039;s in the trash now."
"I have been on Orsythia for a little over a year now and my experience has not been good. Although I will say, this birth control pill regulated my periods with little to no menstrual pain as well as prevented pregnancy. However, the side effects were awful! I had very severe mood swings and anxiety attacks. Anxiety is nothing new to me but this medication made it so much worse. I am ALWAYS tired, no matter how much I sleep. The worst part for me was the headaches, I would get them daily and the pain was unbearable. Some headaches would last days and interfere with my sleep. I thought there was a more serious issue due to the intensity but everything checked out fine, it was the medication. I would not recommend this medication."
"I have peripheral neuropathy in both feet (no feeling). 10 mg Percocet is perfect. In the near future I&#039;m going to 7.5 and then to 5.0 to ween myself down as to avoid bad withdrawals."
"I have suffered with chronic pain from staph infection for the last 30 years. I finally got relief with Medtronics Morphine pain pump. After trying Neurontin for break through pain I have high hopes to replace the Morphine with the Neurontin, which has recently been approved to be used in the pump by the FDA. After staying on the Neurontin slowly but surely all side effects were gone. Just the dry mouth continues but that&#039;s okay."
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for about 3 months. I&#039;ve felt very little side effects, all of which I did experience was tiredness but other than that I went from a emotionless zombie to feeling great all day long."
"Taking this now for 5 weeks and I feel good but I have severe diarrhea so I have stopped and have an appt next week with my Dr."
"what a joke of a med, I had terrible experience.  I have been on oxycontin for 20 yrs and miralax everyday is wonderful, looks like a drug company is trying to recoup its development costs at patients expense, miralax is a miracle"
"Contracted GW and went to dermatologist who diagnosed them after one before misdiagnosed them. Had them burned (electrocuted off) and frozen. Had to return two weeks later as many more small ones had grown, same treatment again. I was then prescribed Aldara for a month, morning and night for 5 day stints (Mon-Fri). I kept up with this first week but second week I started just doing nights as twice a day seems excessive after reading everyone else&#039;s prescriptions. Things look much clearer but I got a blister which healed significantly after taking a break for a few days. This stuff takes a few days to kick in but expect to be pretty red and your scrotum to be sore if you&#039;re a guy. I&#039;ll repost in a couple weeks when I&#039;m done my treatment."
"If my comment helps anyone not to take this drug Effexor then I will have helped many people. I have been on and off Effexor for 10 years I&#039;m currently off Effexor I weaned myself over 6 months. I have not read any where and I have done a lot of research that anyone has written if they have successfully stayed of this drug for more than 12 months. So hear I am to tell you it&#039;s been 9 months and once the side effect of the brain buzzes nauseous aching bones itchiness have gone away
Life does begin to feel better I caught myself laughing and not feeling it was fake and crying at Tv shows Effexor gives you a fake feeling of happiness/sadness but after being on it for to long you just feel numb I believe this is why people end up wanting to come off it cause you have no emotion that and the amount of weight you will gain. 9 months and I&#039;m probably back to where I began in needing this medication but I am trying everything I possibly can to stay of it 
This includes:
Free hypnosis apps 
Free mediation apps
Self help quotes
Vitamin b12
Iron tablets 
The biggest one is when I mentally feel myself thinking negative I tell myself to stop and think of my daughters smiling face 
I&#039;m not cured I&#039;m far from it but I will never take this drug again I was worse with it than without it 
If I help one person not to take this drug the I will be a better person good luck"
"This is a miracle for me. I have experienced abrupt withdrawal, but that was my fault and all that happened was my vision was extremely blurred and I was in bed a few days. Do not drink with this medication, take it AS needed instead of all the time, then you won&#039;t have withdrawals if you forget to take it. I don&#039;t understand why this old trusted medication isn&#039;t prescribed more often, it never produced &quot;euphoria&quot; or anything like that for me or anyone I know on it - but it&#039;s dangerous with alcohol I guess and so many people drink. I&#039;ve been on 6mg a day - which I found way too much and went down to 2mg on my own."
"I&#039;ve been usung Minocycline 100 mg(once daily), Differen topical cream 0.3% and Clindamycin topical gel 1% for a month and my skin has improved a whole lot! I used to have acne all over my face and even under my chin, now It&#039;s just subsided a few bumps on the right side of my face. And the pimples under my chin are smaller!"
"It is the ONLY reason I am able to sit at this computer and type right now. 2 weeks ago I got a very very bad virus, was dehydrated &amp; had my 1st migraine at 32 years old. I can&#039;t even begin to tell you the pain I have felt over the past 2 weeks with it not letting up AT ALL. I have had blood work, spinal tap, ct scan, mri, numerous pain meds while I was in the hospital 3 different times over the past 2 weeks. My doctor&#039;s office gave me a shot of this 4 days ago and it was the ONLY relief I had felt. My doctor gave me the oral form this past Friday and my headache is starting to break. This may not work for everyone, but for me it has literally been a miracle! I wish I could take it more than 5 days, but hopefully my migraine will be gone!!"
"I&#039;ve been through sleep studies, medications and all. This particular prescription did NOT allow me to sleep on 50mgs 2x a day and 500mgs at night. The only thing it did do was wipe my memory of previous day."
"I had Mirena inserted 6 weeks ago.  I have never had a child, and I&#039;m 27 years old.  I chose Mirena because I was starting to get bad side effects from birth control pills.  The insertion process was very painful.  I had only taken a few Ibuprofen and didn&#039;t take any medicine to help ease the cervix.  During the process my cervix did bleed, and my doctor put some medicine inside to stop the bleeding.  I&#039;m still experiencing cramps.  At first it was constant, severe pain.  But now I get severe cramping like 2 times per week.  I&#039;m guessing my body is still trying to get used to it."
"I got the implant in September and the insertion was very uncomfortable, but only for a few mins. I had a little bit of spotting, but I was also on my period. I spotted for maybe a month to two months afterwards but have not had any  periods since. I don&#039;t even get the cramps from when I am suppose to start. I would recommend this to any one"
"When I first tried it, my migraine was being relieved in about 30 minutes. Ten years later it takes about 11/2 hours. Previously, my headache pain lasted about 16 hours. Nothing over the counter ever worked. No unusual short term or long term side affects. Can make me a little drowsy sometimes."
"While the drug was effective in doing what it promises, I will never take it again. In prep for a colonoscopy, I took two tablets before bed. I experienced mild cramping, but nothing serious. At about 5am I woke up, barely made it to the bathroom, and had intense diarrhea. While I was on the toilet I started having the urge to vomit and felt very strange. Next thing I knew, I woke up on my bathroom floor, very confused, pants around my ankles, with a throbbing head. I can only assume that I passed out, fell off the toilet, and smacked my head on the hardwood floor. I now likely have a concussion, and a very swollen, bruised forehead."
"I&#039;m 25 and never had any children. I&#039;ve been on the pill and had Nexplanon in the past. 
I had it inserted 3 days ago. I&#039;m not going to lie, it is no fun at all. My doctor gave me a shot of what she described as &quot;local Motrin&quot; a half hour before. After it was over my blood pressure dropped and I threw up twice. I generally have bad reactions to all things medical and have been known to vomit for regular blood tests. I had mild cramping the rest of the afternoon, but nothing crazy. The next day I could only barely feel it was there and today I really can&#039;t feel it. I bled a little the day of, but that stopped on day 2 as well. I can&#039;t speak to how my period will be, but so far so good. Don&#039;t be scared! I would totally do it again."
"For the first few months, I experienced some diarrhea. Then this condition subsided.

For about a year, I experienced tingling in my hands and feet. Now, after about 15 months, this feeling is almost gone.

Lymphoma had been found in my small intestine. After 15 months of imbruvica use, I have gained weight to a healthy level"
"Excellent reaction! Helped me within 5 days.  Actually thought the smell and taste was fine."
"I was in love with this  pill bc I didn&#039;t  have a period  however  after no period  for  a year. I have  chronic  yeast infections.  Not happy at all. My  insurance  cost is 0.00 so I&#039;m torn  about the side affect"
"I smoked for 48 years and like most smokers, quit more times than I can remember. I finally got tired of smoking and failing to quit and decided to give Chantix a try. Thirty days later, all the cravings were gone. That was two and a half years ago.
     Yes, I did have very vivid, cosmic dreams. I also found that giving up the habit, that is those times in the day when I would routinely &quot;light up and live&quot; was sometimes difficult. That much said, I am so very happy that I made it and am no longer a smoker.
     Bottom line, no free lunch here. But the end result is worth it and then some."
"I had a quickie n he decided to finish it off in me... Well IMMEDIATELY we went 2 our local pharmacy n bought this plan b 1 step pill.I took it immediately.2 weeks later,took a pregnancy test n got the world&#039;s BIGGEST POSITIVE. The small pill was $50.That was the 1st time in a year n a half that I had intercourse n the last after I had my first son. I honestly believe this pill is ineffective because they just want u to think it works when n reality, it would never work. Alot of women don&#039;t know their bodies when they ovulate so if your not fertile and he ejaculates n u and u take the pill n dont get preg., The pill is supposed to make u think it worked. DO NOT buy. Was NEVER effective. Thank u!"
"I have used the OC for 11 years. During that time I have only decreased my dosage. Now, the OP formula simply doesn&#039;t work. I take 2-3X the breakthrough pain medicines, I have added ibuprofen and naproxen to my regimen. I am going to have to increase my OP dosage on my next visit because it simply doesn&#039;t work. Thia new formula is ineffective. I&#039;m going to discuss switching to a different medication, but the OC used to work so well. I was able to go canoeing and walking in the woods. Now I&#039;m back to missing work."
"Have been on Imuran for 6 years and it has helped some off and on. In the beginning I went to the bathroom about 10 to 12 times in a day thus losing a lot weight which I didn&#039;t expect.  Now I go about 3 to 4 times a day and I do have a flare up every  now and then. Was finally weaned off of prednisone. Have gained some weight back. Overall the medication has helped though my immune system has been weakened."
"As the last reviewer said I have had increased pain, fatigue, constipation and anxiety."
"I have taken Bydureon about 3 months.  My blood sugar has gone from over 200 to 125-180 which is a nice improvement.  I do not yet know what has happened to my  A1c.  I inject the Bydureon  into my thigh.  I alternate sides each week so each thigh has two weeks to recover.  I have had no side effects.  I have been trying to lose weight in 2014. So far I am down 14 pounds from 179 to 165 pounds."
"I have had ZERO heartburn and indigestion with this medication!!  I am very happy with it and hope to continue to get the same results!"
"Hives and itchy skin and very bad hand itch that cased to to scratch. I used to get them every other day for 2-3 hours I used to lock myself in the room and itch and itch and itch then. I was told about Xyzal from my father-in-law. Life is so good with Xyzal. I only wish this medicine is known to more people who suffer from itch and hives that make life so painful. But when Medicine like Xyzal is created. It&#039;s very good medicine that can cure allergies or itchy skin.  I just take one tablet every 2 days and sleep like baby and feel the best next mooring."
"I have had the Mirena for 6 years now and I love it! I recently had to have my first one removed and another one put in place. I was so nervous to have it removed because with the first one it was pretty uncomfortable and I cramped up a little. The only side effect I have had was cramping the first few months when I had the first one placed. I have been cycle free for several years now and NO babies! It has been the best form of semi-permanent birth control and I will never chose a different birth control again. Its easy, insurance covers it and it can be placed in your regular doctors office! Beware that there will be some bleeding and cramping after its placed because they have to open your cervix. LOVE MIRENA!"
"I started this over a year ago because I have PCOS and before taking this  some months I would miss my period completely, sometimes I get these horrible excruciating 2 month periods.  Now after taking this I haven&#039;t had any new growths. I have sweet cravings but I haven&#039;t had my period in about 5 months (though that could be the PCOS). I haven&#039;t gained weight but I&#039;m also working out and eating better. The main complaint I have for this is the gas and the constant nausea for me. I take this at 8:00 am and I still feel horrible 12 hours later. I&#039;ve heard it helps to take it at night so I&#039;ll try that eventually. Still, not pregnant so."
"Would not quit this medicine, it helps immensely."
"Been using this product along with bactrum for about 1 week and already see in good results... had 3 big cystic pimples that was on my face for more then 3 months...and they have gone down in 1 week..can&#039;t wait to see what the next month or 2 brings."
"Had been taking citalopram for over a year for depression. I found i did have sleepless night and hot sweats and dizzy spells. but my mood was so much better that i felt it was worth taking them. I suffer constantly with pulsital tinnitus and suffer with labrinthytus which caused the depression, but i have got use to this now and it does not affect my life like it did at first. So stop taking it, have not had any for over a week so far and no side affect from stopping so far. I would recommend this medicine for anyone with depression and would not think twice about taking it again if ever i got as low as i was before taking it."
"I&#039;ve been on Norco 10/325 for over a year.. it helps me be normal, being that I have a slipped disc, pinched nerve and stenosis. It doesn&#039;t take the spasms away, but I haven&#039;t found anything that does. If anyone knows of one that works please let me know I&#039;ve tried them all. I just hate that because people can&#039;t see an injury they think you are not in serious pain, I hurt everyday and would love nothing more than to just be normal."
"I suffered from chronic migraines misdiagnosed as tension headaches for 10 years before being sent to a neurologist who started me on topiramate right away. It was very hard at first to get over the fatigue but the immediate improvement in my headaches was a life-changing experience.  The weight-loss was an added benefit.  My hair&#039;s thinned a bit, the taste changes are mild as are the tingling in my hands and feet (a few seconds here and there like they fall asleep-except it&#039;s in the middle of the palm or the sole).  The chronic migraines (4-6 days a week) are now down to about of 3 days a month and the fatigue is no longer bothersome.  "
"I am a male, 71 yrs age and overweight. Began taking blood pressure meds at age 55. Suffered through trials with several beta blockers which made me goofy, weak and then a few calcium channel blockers which required high dosage levels causing flu like muscle soreness. My doc retired few yrs ago and his practice was taken over by much younger female. She put me on 150 mg Tekturna after hearing my complaint in 1st visit. Life is good again. Blood pressure dropped right into desired range with no side effects. Only problem now is finding pharma plan to help with cost."
"I have been dealing with symptoms of Meniere&#039;s Disease for 30 years and until three years ago no Dr. could properly diagnose the issue. 
When I was 5 years old I suffered a concussion, when I was 13 years old I suffered another concussion from a 90 mph fastball to the head.  Shortly after the incident at 13 years old I started having intermittent &amp; recurring symptoms of vertigo &amp; hearing loss in my left ear (same side as both injuries).  My parents thought I was a typical stubborn teen until they took me to have my hearing tested and found I had 30db of hearing loss. Two years ago I started experiencing unexplained falls and roaring in my ear.  The Dr found 60 Db &amp; said it is Meniere&#039;s. The Dr prescribed low dose Valium. It changed my life!"
"I have taken Tramadol of and on for 4 years.  I stopped taking it due to kidney pain on right side.  The Doctor insisted I take it for a back injury, told it him it gives me kidney pain and dismissed it.  Forward 6 months later when I took tram I would eat greek yogurt and kidney pain would go away, then one time had no yogurt took tram and pain stayed, increased and traveled to other side.  I went to Dr who  did urine test for infection which was inconclusive, 3 rounds antibiotics, an ultra sound, 2 CT scans, still no answers.  The pain has decreased by half as long as I don&#039;t stand long or do to much activity. Feels similar to menstrual cramps but only higher up and right where kidneys are at and like someone squeezing my kidneys, also sometime would feel like kidneys swelling up."
"I was recommended Mirena after I got a blood clot at 17 years old due to a protein s deficiency, Mirena was my only option. I decided after years of research that it was time to try it out. Having never had kids I was told the insertion and everything would be a little more painful than a mother would experience (my mom was on Mirena) the insertion was painful, but after I was fine. About 3 days later I was in so much pain that I kept throwing up and couldn&#039;t stand up straight, my gyno said this was normal... I&#039;ve had my IUD in for 1.5 years, about twice a year a get pain like I did originally. I&#039;ve noticed mood swings, weight gain and total loss of any sex drive. Only reason I&#039;ve kept it this long is it&#039;s my only option"
"I have taken it only a month and have experienced bloating, nausea, breast tenderness, fluctuation in appetite, constipation, and I get mad at my boyfriend very easily. Plus all of these symptoms make me not feel like having sex. "
"I had my Mirena put in a little over 3 months ago. I&#039;m 24 years old and have no children nor have I ever been pregnant. The procedure to put in the IUD was very painful for me and although it only took 10 minutes it felt like forever. That being said I feel like it would have been better if my doc would have told me that it would hurt worse than just &quot;mild cramping&quot; and I would have taken a better painkiller other than the 200mg of Advil she suggested. That first night was almost unbearable and the next two weeks were not much better. I spot bled for about a week until I got my period which lasted for 13 days. After that however, the cramps stopped and so did my period. I think it was worth the pain at first for the convenience of no pill."
"I took Stelara for plaque psoriasis for about four years and it worked very well----- until I had to miss a dose because I was having knee surgery. After 3 1/2 months I resumed taking Stelara but my body no longer responded to it and I started getting a lot of activity on my legs. My doctor suggested switching to TALTZ but I was put off by the initial starter doses and the monthly maintenance dose. (After all, Stelara is only one shot every 3 months.) Nevertheless, I decided to read online comments about TALTZ and was encouraged/ but skeptical about some people saying they saw improvement in days. Well now I&#039;m one of those people. I saw improvement in just 4 days, I&#039;m on week 6 of treatment."
"I just started Trulicity last Sunday, I went to a new endo doctor and told her that my A1c is not coming down, and my fasting blood sugar is up. So far the only side effect was dry mouth the next day, I did have a little diarrhea but can&#039;t say if its from the Trulicity or the metformin, because the metformin does give me GI issues. On a good note I&#039;m down 3lbs and my fasting morning BS are way down. So far so good. I&#039;ll keep you posted."
"Great med, weight gain yes 50 lbs over 8 months started working out at the gym and watching what I eat and feeling good and hopeful for the future down 30 lbs does feel little of loss motivation at 500mg trying to lower dose to 300mg update later"
"I have taking Aciphex for about a year now and I can not live without it, forgot it on vacation and paid the price. Will not make that mistake again. I like many others have tried various prescription as well as over the counter medicines but nothing works as well as Aciphex."
"WOW! All the bad reviews I cant believe it! Im a 23 years old, I love this birth control so much! I have had all positive about this product (except the longer periods in the beginning but its like that with them all). For the women that hate this product try mirena It works for a lot of ladies!"
"This medicine should be banished from existence. I want to skull drag the doctor for prescribing it. I would rather have the sinus infection than feel the way I do now. If your doctor suggests this medicine,  walk off, but not before dumping this horrid medicine down their throats so they can feel it&#039;s wrath. I have just about every physical side effect you can get from this junk."
"Clonidine will prevent a migraine for me, if I take it as soon as the headache is starting, and sometimes even helps after it&#039;s under way. Of course, the drug does cause wooziness, so I have to be careful about standing up or making other sudden moves. It&#039;s very effective, and cheap. Give it a 10."
"Not quite strong enough for me by itself, but it helped me sleep easier during the roughest period of my life (losing my mother) when combined with xanax, ativan, Halcion, lamictal, and risperdal (though I did have problems with the risperdal - but I put that there)."
"I was feeling sleepy all the time and just didn&#039;t want to do anything at all. I went to my doctor and had my blood work done to find out my vitamin D was very low. She put me on Ergocalciferol vitamin D. My hair has stop falling out I stay on the go now and back to my old self. Thanks for blood work that tells the truth!"
"I have used Donnatal for over 2 years mainly for Irritable Bowel Syndrome.  It works every single time I have a flare-up like nothing else I have ever taken.  Hands down the best medication in my opinion.  No side effects, reduces sweating but that also helps me since I tend to sweat a lot.  It also has helped me with anxiety as well as during weaning from opiate medications.  GREAT MEDICINE.  Only con is that not all pharmacies carry it anymore.  "
"I am 16 years old and I suffered from acne since I was about 12. I have a very special type of acne. Its very tiny and form in clusters and never come to a head. I had this all over my forehead and cheeks. They would look worse under some lighting and looked awful under makeup. They gave my skin a sandpaper feel. I also got the occasional pimple. I was prescribed this medication by my doctor . I was given a 0.05 tretinoion. My first month was awful. I got the purging and all the pimples were coming to a head. After a couple of weeks my skin was starting to become smooth and healthy! Don&#039;t give up on this drug! One recommendation is to keep it up! Don&#039;t stop!!"
"I take mine with milk and follow up with coffee or a caramel frappe from McDonald&#039;s"
"I have been on this medicine for about 2 months. My side effects were headache, thirsty, tired and wired. Felt kind of like I was stoned, constipation, insomnia. Most of the side effects went away after I got to the full dosage. Still a headache occasionally. And still feel wired sometimes. But I haven&#039;t lost any weight. I know it&#039;s a slow working pill but nothing. In 2 months. It has curbed my appetite and cravings. But no weight loss is frustrating."
"The doctor of my 13 year old autistic daughter put her on 5mg of Abilify last October.  The first three months were great. Her mood swings decreased. She was less destructive and it was a lot quieter at home and in school.  We started seeing the behaviors coming back a little at a time.  At month 7, the behaviors were back full swing and much worse than they were before she was put on Abilify.  She also gained 42 pounds and we couldn&#039;t keep her out of food unless we locked the cabinets and refrigerator. She has been off of Abilify since mid July and her behavior has turned around completely.  Now she is on an &quot;as needed&quot; medicine that we only give her when we see a meltdown coming, and that is not very often."
"I&#039;m almost on month 3 of this birth control and I&#039;ve not had any problems with it. I haven&#039;t experienced any acne or weight gain. I&#039;m just still trying to figure my periods. The first month it came the day I started my first sugar pill. This month I&#039;m on my 2nd sugar pill and no sign of my period, however, Overall I have been very satisfied with this bc."
"Have been taking this medicine for the past 17 weeks with severe hyperemesis. Have been hospitalized 7 times with dehydration. This was mainly when I had the flu on top of the morning sickness. Zofran is a really great medicine, I&#039;m on 8mg three times a day. Side effects include lack of appetite and constipation. But the benefits far outweigh the risk of not having it. I am able to eat and drink what I need to keep this baby growing and although I am still not able to return to work, I am able to do day to day tasks. In Australia this isn&#039;t covered by any insurance at all and for the 8mg they are $120 for 10 tablets so at 3 a day and not being able to work it is costing us a fortune but again on the positive side the baby is healthy!"
"This medication worked wonders for me. I suffer from panic disorder for a long time. I had been under control with Paxil, having no panic attack for over 8 years. Though I was cured. Suddenly it started to hit again and it was hell. My doctor said Paxil was not working any more and tried another medication. For 2 months the attacks wouldn&#039;t stop. I thought I was going to die. She decided to change the medication again and prescribed me Effexor 75. In less than a week the attacks were gone and I was back to normal. Now I&#039;m slowly quitting Paxil. She says it will be at least 6 months until I&#039;m totally off of Paxil. The protocol I follow to quit Paxil is that I alternate dosages, one day I take 12,5 and the other day I take 25. Working fine."
"This drug is perhaps saving my life,  but who knows - and at what cost? Right now I seriously question the value of treatment that has such violent side effects. I&#039;m experiencing: bone pain, extreme hot flushes /cold shivers, chronic constipation, vaginal dryness and discomfort, cognitive impairment, inability to concentrate, insomnia, significant weight gain (18bs in 8 weeks), rapid aging, facial hair growth, irritability, depression (big surprise there). It really angers me to see the glib way doctors document their research on this drug, claiming it is &#039;well tolerated&#039;. I&#039;m sure there are exceptions but in my personal experience so far, every woman I have met who&#039;s taking it complains of similar symptoms."
"I suffered for 2 years with terrible dystonia and muscle cramping.  Within 1 week it helped keep it under control.  I take it 2 times a day and I am thankful that my doctor prescribed this. "
"I have suffered from fungal nails on my feet x over 30 years, I have removed them but grow with fungi again, just accept that there was no cure, but I decided to see a podiatry one last last time and she prescribed me Jublia, wao , Wao, wao, this product is expensive, but I am clearing my nails, thanks to GOD, I am 53 years old"
"Made a big difference in my hip and knee pain"
"Had surgery on both knees then the doctor said I need knee replacement.  That was 10 years ago. When knees started to hurt I started on Synvisc one for a few years. Than my insurance wanted me to use a generic version gel one. Both of these drugs worked fine for my bone on bone for both knees. Than my insurance stopped paying for any more shots. I looked for another treatment plan that would cover my shots. Found another doctor was going to give me orthovisc. I started the shots in June. The shots are given 3 times rather than once by the other drugs but still last only 6 months. My next group of shots are for December.  This drug works but takes almost 6 weeks for all of 3 shots . Great stuff does work hope my insurance pays for it."
"This medicine is terrible. In fact doctors are terrible for prescribing it. Thanks to a 15 min session of my psychiatrist nodding (while barely looking at me) then writing down a name of a pill to &quot;fix me&quot; my face has never seen such acne. He thought I was depressed before, now I don&#039;t want to even leave the house. DOCTORS OVER PRESCRIBE!!!!! Please trust me, go to your herbal neighborhood store and get things to detox from medicine. The pharmaceutical companies are making a fortune on society believing a magic pill will sustain our life and subdue our problems. You&#039;re smarter than that, right?"
"I have only been taking 1 pill 3x a day instead of 2 3x a day, and only on the worst days as soon as it&#039;s bad, which in turn caused it to shorten my cycle and definitely the huge clots were gone - what a relief!  I also take iron because of being tired.  Prior to trying this medicine, I had an endometrial ablation which failed and none of the birth control pills helped either.  My only recourse if this stops working is a hysterectomy.  I wish my menopause would start already, I&#039;m done having children and have been having hot flashes for over 5 years now!"
"I have been smoking since I was 12. I am now 49. I never thought I would be able to quit, but I have been smoke free for a month now!! Chantix is a miracle! No withdrawal, and I actually sleep better because I don&#039;t wake up craving a smoke. Thank you Chantix!!"
"I did notice clearing of my hormonal acne (jawline, neck, and chest) within 3 1/2 weeks, but I developed stomach cramping, diarrhea, sleeplessness, and occasional dizziness.  This medicine wasn&#039;t the answer for me."
"I suffer from chronic migraines. Without a preventative medication (Topamax) I get them five to seven times a week. While taking Topamax I get three to five a month, so it is a vast improvement. Still, when they hit I need relief from the pain and Excedrin Migraine is NOT it.

I am leaving this review so that others who do not respond well to Excedrin know they are not alone. These pills don&#039;t even begin to take the edge off the pain and the caffeine dose only makes my nausea worse. 

For the record, I experience two different types of migraine; one with light aura and one without. Excedrin doesn&#039;t help either."
"I&#039;ve had eczema ALL my life and I was starting to think nothing&#039;s working from Hydrocortisone creams all the way to natural aloe Vera but my new doctor prescribed this and I&#039;ve never looked better! The flare ups are under control and my skin is almost clear"
"Do Not Buy this!! 1 min after using the cream the itch started, then it turned to a terrible burning. This causes more pain and discomfort than a YI ever could. It feels like I put Nair inside me. The package says minor itching and burning. Nothing about this is minor!  I just want it this medicine out of me now!!!"
"Darn, this didn&#039;t work for me. Been taking T for a month and the stomach pains and nausea are debilitating. There was no amount of OTC gastrointestinal aid that could help me. I was literally an acid bomb walking. I had blisters in my mouth and lips and was continuously in abdominal pain. Look forward to trying another pill."
"Taking it for many years with no adverse effects. It&#039;s been highly effective."
"I was disappointed when my midwife prescribed terconazole cream for my YI. I&#039;ve never had success with OTC creams like Monistat before so I expected the same. I prefer fluconazole because the pill always works for me, but I&#039;m pregnant and can&#039;t currently take it. My cream was the 3 day .8% intravaginal suppository. By day 2 most of my symptoms were gone, and by day 3 I had no symptoms. The leaking of cream after insertion was not an issue for me, not much actually drained out anyway, and besides I&#039;d rather deal with cream drainage than itchiness and burning any day. I did experience nausea in the mornings, but again, I&#039;m pregnant so it could&#039;ve been unrelated to the medication. Terconazole worked great for me, I&#039;d use again if needed."
"One day picking up my prescription I noticed the bag said &quot;different name same drug&quot; that couldn&#039;t have been more wrong. After starting this pill I gained 10lbs, on my smaller frame it&#039;s insanely noticeable to the point I&#039;m afraid someone will ask if I&#039;m pregnant. Went up 2 pant sizes which is completely out of character for me. Not only was I am emotion mess during my period but all the other days as well. Tired and fatigued constantly. Not good at all, terrible experience. Absolutely had to switch."
"I was only on this medication for a month because after one week it was giving me horrible stabbing pains in my ovary area. Paired with nausea, and almost 24/7 cramps. I had to be switched off as soon as I was able to. Everyone&#039;s body is different, but this didn&#039;t work for me at all."
"Like others, I had a condom mishap with my boyfriend. I was reading through a ton of reviews and could not find much that were in the same situation as me. Hopefully this will help you!
I took Plan B within the hour of unprotected sex. However, I was supposed to be due for my period within the next few days. After reading reviews, I found out that this was normal and opted to wait. During the next 4-5 days, I was having crazy mood swings and picking fights with my bf, it wasn&#039;t a choice, everything seemed so irritating. I had really bad cramps and definitely felt fatigue all the time! Five days later, I had some brown discharge, and something that seemed like mucus(not blood clump). I had my period though!"
"I loved this pill! No side effects at all and I&#039;ve been on it for 2 years. I have to switch because I switched health insurance so it doesn&#039;t cover it but I wish I could stay on it! Highly recommend"
"If I could rate 0 I would 
****WARNING PLEASE LISTEN****
IF YOU ARE CONSIDERING THE DEPO SHOT AND HAVE BIPOLAR DEPRESSION PLEASE BE AWARE OF THE SIDE EFFECTS THAT MAY OCCUR!!! =====&gt; Extreme mood swings, irritably, feelings of familiarity, odd sensations and worse depression. If you are considering depo please take caution if you do have bipolar depression. It works differently for everyone but I just know I don&#039;t like the outcomes and I feel that I should just fore warn others just in case"
"I have had rheumatoid arthritis for 3 years.  First on Methotrexate with Prednisone: got off the prednisone and went into remission after 8 months on methotrexate.  Had a flare a year ago and have been fighting it ever since.  I took Leflunomide, then Xeljanz and neither one worked and I was having to take 40mg of Prednisone just to handle the pain.  Am now on Enbrel with prednisone; started out at 40-mg of prednisone and am now down to 10mg after 5 weeks.  I am having a lot of rheumatoid arthritis nodules that started appearing during the flare, but so far since Enbrel there hasn&#039;t been any new growths appearing.  Nodules are causing more pain (probably due to pressure on nerves) in my wrists then the rheumatoid arthritis in my finger joints.  Hoping the Enbrel will improve my rheumatoid arthritis joint pain in my hands over time."
"Diagnosed Stage 4 Prostate cancer-- July 2012--PSA=8
Radical Prostatectomy-- October 2012--PSA=0.6
Forty days radiation--April 2013---PSA=0.1
PSA=0.3---Jan 2015
PSA=1.0---March 2015
First Lupron Injection---April 2015--PSA=0.1
Second Lupron Injection--Oct 2015---PSA=0.1
Third Lupron Injection---April 2016---PSA=0.1
Fourth Lupron Injection---Oct. 2016--PSA=???
Lupron Injections accompanied by daily tablets of Bicalutamide.
Side Effects: Penis shrinkage(afraid it will soon disappear), libido absent, hot flashes, some insomnia, increased neuropathy, some itching, inflammation in hands, extreme fatigue. All side effects manageable--beats being dead-- and has allowed me time to tie up loose ends and who knows--I may have years ahead!"
"I had a severe dental and gum infection. After two bouts of penicillin my dentist prescribed Clindamyacin. I have two days left of seven. I read all the Rx materials and nothing on it about not laying down. Every night I got heartburn. This morning my stomach is in knots and I have terrible heartburn. Your comments here have helped me feel at ease about it. I have been eating yogurt and taking probiotics to help but not at my 3:30 am dose. Will fix that right away. It has helped my infection."
"When I was 22 I started experiencing extremely bad acne. It really affected my self-esteem and confidence and I would wear layers of foundation even just to pop to the shop. After 2 years I was recommended isotretinoin.. And I am so glad I was, I only wish I had tried it sooner. I am currently 3 months into a 6 month treatment course. Initially I started on 20mg and am now on 30mg a day. My skin went completely clear within the first month, and my scarring is definitely improving too. I feel so much happier and more confident. In terms of side effects, I consistently have dry lips, although nothing unmanageable, and my back and neck tend to ache. Regardless, I have no regrets at all about taking this medication!"
"The medication is very good.  Unfortunately it is expensive"
"After about 4 other anti-inflammatory drugs did nothing for severe tendonitis in my knee (sports injury) the meloxicam was the magic bullet.  5 days was all it took to get the swelling down and the healing to begin.  I had 3 months of nearly intolerable pain up until that time.  Of course, your milage may vary since one data point is not a trend."
"Excellent,I&#039;m a very sensitive person to motion sickness,I used them multiples times with a pretty rough sea condition without any reaction at all"
"On Lipitor I developed Polyneuropathy in my left foot. Burning and electrical charge sensations. Stopped Lipitor and problem went. Took several weeks before it left my body.Everyone on Statins should be taking Co Enzyme Q10 or Ubiquinol to help prevent muscle pains. I prefer quality of life to one of pain. I am an active healthy 83 yr old with high cholesterol. "
"Without Xyrem, I am a complete mess."
"Taking Requip from the very beginning caused drowsiness, which after 3 years has developed into sleep attacks and edema in my feet. Also, an allergic reaction with a rash over most of my body."
"Helps me greatly With Anxiety and Sleep. Gives Me Blurry Vision at Times."
"Cymbalta is a pretty potent antidepressant. After being on high dose Wellbutrin (450mg) with high dose Effexor XR (450mg) I was switched to Cymbalta. Since I&#039;d developed treatment refractory depression, after 3 weeks with no results (and horrible side effects) I asked to be bumped up from 60mg to 90mg. After another 2 weeks, I went to 120mg.  This triggered my first hypomanic episode in my 30-something years.  Scaled back down to 60mg and what do you know, this time it worked.  Give Cymbalta a chance to work, don&#039;t rush it. It may take longer than the usual 3 weeks, but when it works, it&#039;s worth it."
"My derm gave me some samples to try because I can&#039;t afford laser treatments.  Applied some on day one.  A little sting but that was gone quickly.  Within minutes I noticed a definite reduction in the redness.  Within an hour my face was just slightly pink.  Spent the day enjoying not having to look at the deep red on my face in the mirror.  Day two was a different story.  The rebound was so bad the redness was back even worse than before and the pain was excruciating.  Even had some puffiness like my skin was rebelling.  I chucked all the samples in the trash.  I&#039;ll never Mirvaso again.  Hope others have better luck."
"The Wellbutrin XL gave me severe constipation and headaches, but the SR is working well. I have only been on it for 2 weeks and I notice a improvement in my moods, daily sleepiness and it has NOT decreased my sex drive. Prozac worked well for me also, but it just killed the sex drive and at my age that wasn&#039;t acceptable. (38). I feel myself eating less and hopefully it may lead to a few pounds weight loss."
"When I started the medication I had some loose stool, then 11 days after taking it I started to have horrible pain in my hands. Then my biceps and wrists were hurting so bad.  I stopped taking the medicine today so I will let you know what happens."
"I&#039;ve been taking the pill for about 3 weeks now . At first I was breaking out on my face but it&#039;s going away,  the only negative thing I can really say is that I&#039;m always hungry and craving junk food and soda ...I&#039;ve only had sex once since I&#039;ve been on it but used condom afraid not to use condom I just had a baby..not expensive !"
"I had leg surgery last week and the morphine from the pain relief gave me rather severe constipation - it was the worst feeling, I was sore sitting down that I was crying and depressed. I tried prunes and fybogel - but no movement. I couldn&#039;t bear it.

I took 2 senokot 2 nights ago before bed - nothing. I took another 2 after 12 hours. About 2 hours later. I had a rather painful hard bowel movement, a couple of hours later I had crippling stomach cramps - which led to a further 2 bowel movements, each getting softer (but no diarrhoea). I had another before bed that night - back to my normal consistency, then another on waking this morning. I am delighted. 

Was it a pleasant experience? No. Would I do it again? Albsolutely!"
"I am a victim of bad diagnosis my brain scan has revealed a normal brain I have suffered from concussion which has led to irritable behaviour nothing else.
My medical practioner is not honest as I am 62 years old and this drug is not indicated for my age
I have had differences with my family and disputes in property which has led to unethical relations to force this treatment on me.
It&#039;s voluntary to go to psychiatric institutions but I have been forced into it.
In the past I was treated with clozapine which led to tumors in my stomach and bone pain. I have also been treated with olanzapine which caused insulin resistant diabetes
I have treated side effects with citrus peels and high doses of vitamins for diabetes and tibetan medicine for tumors"
"Works very well for me. Stopped not only the urgency, 24/7 leaking and spasms but also the aching in my back, lower abdomen and bladder."
"Did a decent job of preventing migraines and shortening their duration. Couldn&#039;t take full dose as it made me zombie like for a full 24 hours. Also made my heart rate 20-30bpm faster than normal."
"I have been on Zoloft for at least 6 years. It has done wonders with little side affects. I was on 50 mg until today when I felt like I was a little depressed etc and my doctor upped the dose to 100 mg. I think I could not have gotten through deaths of relatives and menopause without it. It&#039;s a wonder drug. My mom who is 80 was on many medicines for her depression. She finally switched to Zoloft and she is much much better. If in doubt about taking it, I highly recommend it. I even quit smoking the first year I was on it."
"The side effects are worst than the original problem, I&#039;ve had 2 shots and won&#039;t be going for another one."
"I have been on Sprintec for almost 6 months now. I am 20 years old and had been on the NuvaRing since I was 16 and loved it until I had an injury that required I took the ring out. The first 2 months of the pill I had absolutely no side effects whatsoever. I felt exactly the same as I did on the Nuvaring. At 3 months however my breasts have increased an entire cup size and are very sore all of the time. This is the only side effect I am experiencing. I take my pill at 9pm each night. I have not experienced any weight gain."
"If your constipated it can take a couple days maybe even a week it all depends. . Keep taking it till you get a bowel movement and keep taking it if your someone who deals with constant constipation for whatever reason. I was on opiates for 10yrs unfortunately.. but some people need them but if you need them for life long pain then you better never plan on getting off them cuz you&#039;ll experience the worse thing in your life physically and mentally even when your clean you forever deal with severe depression/ anxiety along with body pain.. I ended up having to get on methadone cuz I couldn&#039;t handle being off opiates, so that also gets me constipated but I use this 1cap day havent been blocked up since! Stool softeners dont work, only miralax"
"This medicine is great for depression. I feel better and I do not get mood swings like I did prior to taking it."
"So I started this medication in high school, and it did a good job of clearing up a lot of my white heads and smaller puss-filled acne all over my face. Now I am in college and I have large, painful cystic acne all over my chin, and it has done basically nothing for that :("
"Asked my doctor for 3 years to blood test me for low T. Now its popular he finally did. It was 100. I&#039;ve always been overweight, very hard for me to lose weight. Dr. Gave me fortesta. It did not work for me. It gave me large itchy rashes on my thighs. And raised T level only to 200. I went to my urologist and asked him for testosterone cyponate to inject. Now 1 1/2 years later my T level is 350 to 900 depending when injection and blood test . I&#039;ve lost 100lbs, I&#039;m horny like a rabbit now. And I never was that horny. All of my numbers are where they supposed to be with blood test every 3 months. So if guys are in a similar situation, injection is the way to go. Unfortunately your testicles will shrink."
"I have been prescribed Cephalexin twice so far; each time for foot surgery to prevent infection. The first time, I had no problems. This time, however, I am finding that I am extremely gassy, although I haven&#039;t seen this as a side effect anywhere. The only other medication I am on at the moment is 800 mg Ibuprofen but I have only taken one of those so far. I also find myself waking up to a bit of a sore throat and tonight I had a coughing fit and feeling like I was going to throw up. I&#039;m not sure if this is the cause of the Cephalexin, but I just thought I&#039;d share."
"I tried the free sample and lost 10 lbs within the first week. After the 14 days, my dosage was increased and I paid the $150.00 (after using my qsymia discount) and lost nothing. It made me constipated, nothing helped. I increased my water intake, tried stool softeners, drank prune juice and added more fiber in my diet. It wasn&#039;t until I stopped the pill that I was able to go (over a week). So I started using the pill every other day. I lost nothing after the 10 lbs from the first week. I will start belviq next week.fingers crossed"
"I have been on Lutera now for 8 months and it has made a very positive difference in my life. This was my first time going on birth control, and it was originally because I had such horrible headaches and cramps, but now I have a lighter period, headaches and cramps are rare, and I don&#039;t get depressed every month. Overall, it has worked really well for me. Only downside is having to remember to take it at the same time every day...and for the first week or two I just felt a little off and had some headaches and breast tenderness. Everyone is different, but after my experience, would recommend Lutera."
"Nothing I tried help me at all. But when I went to my doctor for sleeplessness and bad headaches with migraines. I was given Amitriptyline 75mg before bed. I sleep so soundly now. This stuff was a God send to me."
"This is my first time in 12 years being on the pill.  I originally stopped taking birth control because I would get such bad headaches. 

-I&#039;m currently finishing up my first month. I can honestly say the only complaint I have is the break through bleeding and random cramps which started 2 1/2 weeks in. While I&#039;ve read it is normal due to hormones changing&amp; your body getting used to it, it is VERY inconvenient! It&#039;s been consistent &amp; heavy enough that I have to wear tampons. I&#039;ve read this can happen for the next few months-great, so not looking forward to non stop bleeding! 

-I did notice slightly fuller breasts.... Well at least my left one haha!

-I&#039;ve noticed I have more energy.

-Slightly irritable at times"
"Condom broke on us, so took Plan b  immediately and waited. We were freaking out for weeks then period. No pregnancy, it worked for us."
"I have been using epiduo for two years and the key when you start is to ease into it using it every couple days and then every other day and then every day. This way it doesn&#039;t burn like hell. I&#039;d say it took me about a month of easing into it before I used it daily. Also if your skin is really sensitive use all your moisturizers and creams first and wait ten minutes then apply epiduo last. It won&#039;t be as effective but also won&#039;t be as harsh. I like to use face masks for moisturizing so I use epiduo in the morning with a moisturizer and sunscreen. At night I use a sheet mask for moisture. It&#039;s a good balance for me. For all those starting out give it time and don&#039;t try to rush it cuz it will burn hard core if you use it a lot."
"I have had the Paragard for about two months now.  A month before my wedding I had the Paragard inserted and thought my none hormonal birth control worries were over.  My goodness, was I wrong.  The procedure was painful, I was bent over in pain for the next few days. I got my period on my honeymoon. I am a very active person. My period is usually very light. 4-5 days, no cramps and done! Not with the Paragard.  I was on the floor of the shower in so much pain. It felt like my insides were being ripped apart. I had to constantly take pain meds. I had to use a heating pad constantly!  I bleed SO much. I was literally gushing blood!  On top of all this I am newly married and have ABSOLUTELY no sex drive.  Its horrible. I hate the Paragard."
"Started Saxenda with dr.-approved diet 9/9/16.  By 11/30/16 was down 26lbs and happy.  Have been maintaining between 1-3 lbs of goal.  Still taking daily injections.  My insurance didn&#039;t cover &amp; I paid $1300 the 1st time.  Thankfully we learned my husband&#039;s insurance covers so now I pay a $35 co-pay. I&#039;ve never reached max dose of 3 mg.  Gone to 2.4 mg a few times but get nauseous.  Dose alternates between 1.2 mg - 1.8 mg.  Cravings are much easier to control.  I eat what I want, but in moderation.  Haven&#039;t stayed consistent with exercise though except for walking.  Before Saxenda I tried everything for 4 years but nothing worked and I gained more weight each time.  I&#039;m age 51, 4&#039;11, 110."
"I have been using contrave for 5 days in an effort to lose 40 lbs and keep it off.  Currently,  I am doing one tablet in the morning and one at night because one a day wasn&#039;t working. (It would wear off and I need the help at night) 
Contrave definitely works, so far! I can eat half as much as I used to and enjoy it my meal without overindulgence.   I&#039;m not disappointed that the meal is over and I don&#039;t crave food when I&#039;m not hungry.  That alone makes the adverse side effects worth it. My favorite thing is that I do not crave or want alcohol.  I&#039;m sure alcohol contributed to my obesity with empty calories and the cravings it gave me. I have lost 4 lbs. Side effects the first two days,  it felt like morning sickness! Will update"
"A few years ago I took Mucinex for a cough before going on a hike.  I noticed that after the hike I didn&#039;t hurt as much and my recovery time was much shorter.  I had bad leg and back pain at the time.  A few months ago I got  Q-Tussin for a cough.  Wow!  For the first time in years I had the desire to clean the house and I was able to.  I looked up other uses for guaifenesin and there it was - it helps with fibromyalgia.  I have since been diagnosed with fibro and I try to take the 600 mg of Mucinex twice a day.   It may not work for everyone but it makes me a functioning human being again.  I am much happier, in less pain, and my irritable bowel syndrome has cleared up."
"Had terrible pain from a pinched nerve in my neck. For five day I was in agony. They gave me prednisone in the morning after I went to see my doctor and literally by five in the afternoon 80% of the debilitating pain was gone. It was really a miracle."
"I&#039;m not sure how I feel about this drug helping with my bipolar. I&#039;m on lamictal for that and was put on seroquel to help with it until I was on a high enough dosage of that and truly did not feel it made any difference. I have stayed on a low dose of seroquel simply because I LOVE the sedative effects. If there was an option on here for the reason we were taking it was &quot;insomnia&quot; I would have put that. I never realized how awful I was sleeping until this medicine. 50mg a night and I get an amazing nights sleep. No more waking up to every little sound despite sleeping with a noise maker. It&#039;s amazing."
"Terrible! I&#039;ve been constantly irritable since switching to this from ortho tri cyclen. I&#039;ve also experienced low sex drive, intense food cravings, and vaginal irritation. My pharmacy told me this would be the same as ortho tri cyclen buts it&#039;s definitely not. I thought I was losing my mind until I started researching this drug and saw how many women were having the same problems.  I went to the pharmacy today and they switched back to the ortho tri cyclen.  It&#039;s so expensive but definitely worth it if it makes these mood swings go away."
"Suboxone are opiate-based meds, a substitute for heroine and other opioids, and therefore addictive. Besides helping with withdrawal, it also made the cravings go away. Like this you can put some distance between your addiction years and your new, clean life. Getting off suboxone is also not easy, but nothing compared to heroine-kicking. Doctors are supposed to help you lower your dosage. In the end I took a quarter of a 2mg/0.5mg pill every day, until one day I felt like not taking it anymore. There is no wonder cure for opiate addiction (duh!), there will always be pain and discomfort, the only thing you can try is to minimize that! After 9 years of heroine and 3.9 years on suboxone, I finally managed to get off. I definitely recommend it!"
"I had multiple presentations every day this week. I get anxiety even thinking about it. As embarrassing as this sounds being a 46 year old female, when talking in front of a group I feel like I&#039;m going to pass out, I get dizzy, my heart trembles, my voice crackles and I sweat. I can&#039;t even finish. I was desperate for help since this would affect my career if I didn&#039;t do it. I read about this medication and begged my doctor to prescribe it to me.I took it the day before 20 mgs to see how it affected me and didn&#039;t tell much of a difference. The next day I had my first presentation. I took 20 mgs one hour before and this by far was a miracle pill for me. I was a little nervous still but it didn&#039;t even phase me. No side effects for me."
"I have been having migranes since I was a child, but did not have the nausea with ten until I has kids. There is nothing worse than throwing up when you have a migrane. Thank god for Zofran! The tab that you put under your tongue is awsome. It&#039;s fast and it also calms Me down from the anxiety from it all. They are expensive do I only get a few a month. Tried taking them in pill form they make me very drowsy but insurance covers alot more."
"I&#039;ve had the implant for 2 years now. I was on my period when it was inserted, and I didn&#039;t get off of that period for 5 weeks. Other than that, I loved it at first. I did have some mood swings, but I thought it was just normal considering the extra hormone in my body. Well, it got worse, and a few months ago I was put on medicine for anxiety. (can&#039;t say the implant had anything to do with it, but it is possible) I gained 28 lbs, and have read that it can mess with your thyroid (hence another reason for weight gain, other than retaining fluid). I&#039;ve had high blood pressure since this was inserted. But, I have not gotten pregnant, so it did its job."
"I&#039;ve been feeling the symptoms of a UTI for 2 days now (it burns when I urinate and there&#039;s been a hint of blood) and good thing I had stock of this at home (500mg) since I was already prescribed this for a UTI once before. Just took a dose and after an hour fortunately the burning when peeing cleared but feeling slightly nauseous, confused and heavy. But I can say this works wonders for my UTI, worked for me before too!"
"I have been taking conserta 54 and 36 (legally )for many years now the only main side effects are that it cause you to lose your appetite , twitch a bit. I don&#039;t think its for everyone."
"I took this tablet 2 days ago as I had a terrible pain that was keep coming and then going then coming and going I experienced this pain for 1 1/2 days and I tried to lie down , take some paracetamol , sleep but that wasn&#039;t working . I decided to take some dulcolax as I know I&#039;ve taking this before but it was a while back . I took the tablet and about 6 hours later I started to feel like the pain in my stomach was going to be relieved . After 12 hours of taking the tablet I finally went to the toilet and I must admit the tablet is very harsh and made my stomach go in to cramps and also I didn&#039;t eat for 2 days as it made me be sick and made me feel like I was just about to die . This tablet I wouldn&#039;t recommend to anyone as it is very harsh"
"So I just finished my first month and was TERRIFIED of this birth control after reading the reviews before I started. And honestly I have had zero side effects other than clearer skin and I&#039;ve actually lost weight rather than gained weight (not sure if it&#039;s totally related to the pill or not) and my breasts have been a little sore but not unbearable so don&#039;t think too much about the reviews, and try it before you assume you&#039;ll be overly emotional and gain weight, it&#039;ll just vary but for me this has been awesome so far!"
"I had an intestinal parasite after a trip to Central America. I had a very difficult time in this drug. I&#039;m a healthy, 40 year old woman and the side effects put out for the 5 days I was only this pill. I was taking 750mg every 8 hours for 10 days. I called my doctor and had to stop after 5 days. Severe headaches, nausea, weak, fatigue. I couldn&#039;t work and had to rest all day. Metallic taste as well. I would not take this drug again- I would ask for another treatment. It&#039;s an aggressive drug that was difficult to tolerate."
"I read the side effects before taking this medicine, which you should probably never do, but I decided to give it a try anyways. Took one dose and was fine, after the next dose I started feeling not good. Got the chills and a slight fever, and made my already existing anxiety worse. It did however, make the urinary symptoms subside. However, when my original urinary culture returned, no bacteria was found??? needless to say, because of the side effects, I stopped after two doses."
"I have had IBS for over 50 years.  This medication did nothing for me."
"I was in hell before these pills. It&#039;s been 2 years I have been using works amazing. Just little down mood morning."
"Only medication that works for me along with Buspar. I have been suicidal, etc. before being put on Viibryd."
"I have exceptionally painful periods due to endometriosis and so far, Depo is the only thing that has eliminated all of my pain, along with my periods. I had previously been on it for 7 years, then stopped after my doctor suggested it was time for a break. I did a bone density study &amp; had lost no bone density, which was a big concern. After about a year of pain, I just went back on it this month. I will be getting a hysterectomy within the next couple of years &amp; then I will be off the Depo. No complaints here."
"Received Rocephin injection in left hip for urinary tract infection. The injection itself was not any worse than any other I&#039;ve received, but as the medicine starts making its way into the body it becomes very uncomfortable. It feels very bruised and knotty at the injection site. However, I know this medicine works very well for this condition as I&#039;ve had this twice previously, otherwise I would not put myself through the discomfort. It is only painful from about 2-3 minutes following the injection up to about 30 minutes following when the pain wears down to barely noticeable except when the area is touched.  Its highly worth the brief pain and discomfort.  I always feel much better within 24 hours following the shot."
"Well after 4 weeks I feel great. 46 yrs old suffered from Anxiety all my life and just had enough of living in flight or fight mode.

I was very anxious about taking any medication, reading all the  reviews prior Not sure if that helped. I didn&#039;t want to just rely on a drug but make some life style changes at the same time . So I went to the docs and asked to be reffered to a councillor. This was very beneficial as I was determined to get some tools to help with underlying issues. Lastly started moderate excersize. All this helped but like others I can say around 4 weeks, I fealt a big difference kick in. Dealing with day to day challenges , I feel just more in control and don&#039;t get the physical stress triggers.
I hope the above has helped"
"Best Stuff Ever! I could not breath, or stop coughing. I had to go to the hospital after going to the doctors and getting no relief. The hospital gave me Mucinex, It started to work Immediately. Got the Over The Counter &amp; Getting Better! Thank You!"
"I went off it for my 1st child. I had only been on it 3 months and it was easy, no withdrawal symptoms. I went back to using heroin after I had my daughter. I since have been clean for 3 years now. I have been on Suboxone the whole time. It is not easy to go completely off it this time. I got pregnant with my son about 18 months ago. I recommend Suboxone! He was over 8lbs and super healthy! He didn&#039;t go through any withdrawal symptoms. He had the yawns a little, that&#039;s it. On Methadone it&#039;s proven that babies go through withdrawl! My baby is smart and healthy! My doctors just monitored me closer than usual. More ultrasounds, and they talked back and forth. I was on about 4mg while pregnant. A high dose might be bad, lower is better!"
"I took Lyrica for about 2 years and loved it. It helped my pain so much. I suffer with back pain and leg pain. I went from Topamax to Lyrica and it was a big difference. I gained weight about 20lbs, but my problem was my insurance would not cover this medicine and it doesn&#039;t have a generic. So I was having to pay almost $360.00/month for 60 pills. Couldn&#039;t afford it so I&#039;ve had to go back to Topamax. Now I&#039;ve lost almost 30 pounds and don&#039;t like it as much as Lyrica and it has more side effects. So stay with Lyrica if you can - it&#039;s a great medicine."
"Started taking Contrave about 2 1/2 weeks lost a few pounds then gained it back. There are moments where I don&#039;t want to eat but I need sweets and stuff my face. I did however quit smoking."
"Horrible side effects. Triggered a depressive episode and could not sit or stand still at all when on this med. Just rocked back and forth. Hated it."
"This drug is the devil.Its evil! Some drugs are not for everyone and this one is not for me! Be careful."
"I have been on percocet for around 3 years. I have severe degenerative disc disease. It sure is a wonder drug because it really makes a difference in my every day life. I give it a 10!"
"Whenever a doctor prescribes me Valium it works like a charm, but I don&#039;t have seizures too often. Maybe twice a year."
"So, the boyfriend and I had a slip up when the condom broke and he finished before we knew the condom had broke. Almost exactly 24 hours later I took Plan B one step. I had felt fine until about 2-3 days later I had experienced mild cramping and nausea. This eventually left.  When my period was due I had sore breasts and mild cramping. I was a WEEK LATE. It&#039;s normal. When my period finally arrived it was the worst cramps I&#039;ve ever felt. The blood was dark brown and eventually through out the day turned dark red. It is a very heavy flow. Do not worry if you&#039;re 1-3 weeks late guys. Maybe take a pregnancy test after a week of a missed period. This pill is highly effective. Good luck."
"I was on Alesse for about 4 years. Just going off it now just to see how I feel off birth control (if I feel any different). My experience with it was great. My period cramps became way more manageable and my periods only ever lasted about 4 days max. For the last 2 years me and my boyfriend would have sex no condom and never had any scares so it works well! ( I was good with it and took it every night before bed). I don&#039;t have acne prone skin so I didn&#039;t experience any problems while on the pill. 

I&#039;ve been on Alesse since grade 12 so I&#039;m curious as to how my body might be off the pill thats the only reason I&#039;m going off it, and I would definitely take it again if/when I go back on the pill."
"The medication helps my anxiety, helps when I&#039;m in public, around people."
"After switching from levora* to which I had the worst experience for 3 months, gained 14 lbs* my doctor decided to prescribe microgestin, I&#039;m in my 2nd pack and so far I&#039;ve had The only thing good about this pill is my high sex drive and that&#039;s it 
Other than that it&#039;s 
Headaches
Short breathe
Ache 
Moody
Increased of hunger
Weight gain
Blurred vision 
Light periods *good*
I seem to have gotten all of the side effects on this pill, but overall it does the job and I&#039;m not prego. But I&#039;m gonna stick around a little more to see how my body does for the last pack."
"I have been on victoza since 02/2012 and so far I have lost 24lbs. I have not experienced any nausea or headaches and I really don&#039;t have an appetite at all. My numbers are really good and I feel great!"
"I went to the Dr. yesterday feeling like I had some sort of cold, not thinking that Bronchitis was one of them, so he gave me Levaquin. I mentioned why not a Z Pack and he said this was stronger and after just one does the next morning I did feel better. I suppose to take it for 10 days at 500 MG - I haven&#039;t had any real big side effects just yet, but I did feel dizzy this morning"
"I&#039;ve been on Kariva for 7 years now and have loved it! I used to have the worst periods ever, going through tampons and pads every hours, but now my periods are light and less painful. Sure, I get moody once a month, but I am a person, right? But everyone is different, and this pill has always worked for me."
"As most pointed out here, pretty much useless.  Had hoped for a new thing since I&#039;ve had insomnia (actually, shifted phase sleep rhythm), for most my life.  So for now, though it&#039;s losings it&#039;s effect due to being on it for years, I&#039;d highly recommend Lunesta.  (It&#039;s not perfect, but it does work, especially for double insomnia.) Also, a generic is now finally available (cheap and, just as important, it is the ONLY sleep med currently approved by the FDA for LONG TERM use!  Ambien is NOT."
"This is the third day and that&#039;s why I only rated it an 8.  I was hypomanic with extreme swings and I&#039;ve calmed down so much already."
"I have been diagnosed with idiopathic hyper insomnia, my mind does NOT shut off at night. I have been prescribed 100 mg of Trazadone to sleep. Let me tell you!! I fall asleep with in a couple minutes and sleep all night, waking up refreshed. Lately though, I can sleep like a rock and still very tired through the day. I am wondering if maybe its from prolonged use. I cant even imagine sleeping with out it!"
"Insomnia was the only really troubling side effect for me. Slight metallic taste in mouth around day 3, but was gone in 24 hrs. Mild diarrhea, stomach was a bit more acidic than usual but nothing I couldn&#039;t deal with. Always took with full meal, had NO ALCOHOL (even mouthwash with alcohol is too much on this med re: pharmacist) and took with Gatorade (helps with bad taste). Be gentle with your body on this med. I found that not having caffeine, any NSAIDs (ibuprofen, aspirin, naproxen, etc.) or anything harsh on the stomach works best. DO NOT DRINK ALCOHOL while on this med - EVEN 1 DRINK. I had already tried 1 course of penicillin and 1 course of amoxicillin before this med, neither worked - 6 days on this, jaw pain &amp; swelling is gone!"
"Came down with pneumonia and this medicine fixed me right up. Was on it for 10 days and the only side effect I noticed was feeling extra tired, but that could have been the pneumonia as well. Wonderful experience."
"I am allergic to a lot of antibiotics (and always get side effects!) and get sick a lot. I used to take Z-Packs almost once a month and now I wonder why I hadn&#039;t tried Levaquin sooner! This is my 3rd time on Levaquin this year. I took it twice for my chronic ear infection with success. The first time my joints felt like I was an arthritic old lady! The 2nd time I had only some ankle and finger pain. I&#039;m on day 1 today for a urinary tract infection and ear infection from a water park. I can feel it working and I have no joint pain."
"My doctor told me to use it on my ears as I was getting yellow and red bumps that were painful to the touch. This stuff really works. My ears cleared up in about 4 to 5 day. The only side effect I had was it felt like my ears were getting a little warm for about 5 minutes but that soon went away."
"I did have bacterial vaginosis. Doctors were treating me for yeast infection. No one did a culture. They even gave me Metronidazole 4 pills in one shot. I developed sensitivity to it. Clindesse cream was smooth, calmed my symptoms and with only one time application my nightmare was gone."
"Simponi helps me so much. 
I take 2 shots per month. 
I Washington diagnosed about 7 or 8 years after mycket first signs of illness. Ive had it very hard. 
I get oxycontin when i have it too hard. But all in all, simponi is The best. I got a new life with it. 
Works as a chef, and without simponi i would not. 
I live in sweden, so i only pay about $300 a year. 
Or else i would have to pay ALOT. like $4000 per month. 
The negatives with this med, you cancer get alot of crap from it. 
But the pain i had before was crazy. 
Thank you my sweet Dr."
"Been on meds 48 hours and still have pain.  It controls spasms a little but my heartburn is out of control. Librax took care of all my symptoms but doc switched me to benzyl BC librax is addictive.  I can&#039;t believe I&#039;m back to severe pain.  What meds works like librax?  Exhausted from severe pain."
"This medication gave me liver failure in a matter of three weeks. I am lucky to be alive after being prescribed this awful drug!"
"I&#039;m a 20 year old female who started taking Vyvanse about a year ago. I take two 70s every morning and I still end up feeling exhausted around 9 every night. I&#039;m pretty sure I&#039;m heavily bipolar though and that my family isn&#039;t listening to me causing me to frankly, lose my mind. I end up skipping a lot of pills and that seems to help. Those days I feel comfortably idle."
"My pharmacy switched from Sprintec to Estarylla. I&#039;ve taken it for less than a month. I&#039;ve had breakthrough bleeding since mid-cycle. I&#039;ve gained 6 pounds and my overall mood is terrible. I&#039;ve called my doc and asked them to prescribe something else. I will not take Estarylla going forward."
"This stuff is amazing. I too have bathroom issues and can go 3 days without going to the bathroom. This time it was a week. I drank it Friday, cleaned me right out and today I&#039;m back to being regular.  I think I lost 5 pounds! I was so surprised I didn&#039;t bloat for 2 days after."
"I got the Implanon a year ago in June. Loved it but the 1st 3 months I bled like crazy but after that I didn&#039;t have a period at all. The bad part for me when I got on the Implanon I was 115lbs. I am now 149lbs. I&#039;ve been doing everything in my power to lose weight but no luck. I just got it out on August 31, 2011. I&#039;m starting a new diet gaining all that weigh has made me so depressed. "
"I&#039;ve been taking Zoloft for 8 years. It has created stability in my life. Prior to taking medication I always felt off...anxious, depressed, emotional, dwelling of things and this interfered with the quality of my life as well as affected my relationship and professional life. I take 50mg and I feel even keeled and normal instead of a basket case of emotion. Nobody would ever know I&#039;m taking a medication and I&#039;m often complimented on my temperament. I feel neutral, in control of my feelings and everything is within normal range. If you are overly emotional, anxious, feel off balance and have difficulty feeling consistent in your life...this could help. I feel content and normal now."
"After two days of taking Tylenol Day and Tylenol Night my nose is in constant run. In the old days, when Drixoral was available usually, one pill would would eliminate cold symptoms for 12 hours."
"This has definitely helped my irritable bowel syndrome symptoms which are horrible gas pain, and foul smelling flatulence. It is not perfect and I did go off it to try Linzess but that did not work at all so went back to Librax. I have started adding Miralax and Citrucel because I think this IBS may be constipation related. I take 2-3 per day."
"I experienced brain &quot;zaps&quot; and severe mood changes on Cymbalta. It worked great for neuropathy at first but it worsened my depression and anxiety. I felt restless all the time, like I was climbing the walls. Eventually I felt numb and unable to function. My doctor refused to take me off of it, so I took myself off and found a new doctor who refilled my Zoloft prescription."
"WOW, I am 27yrs,  5&#039;5, and weighted in at 196lbs, and I just started taking the meds on Monday plus I have been going to the gym to tone up my body, now before I even weigh myself again, I just wanted to say, You ladies have some amazing stories with taking 37.5 and Congratulations to you all with your weight loss success. Hopefully when I get back on the scale I will at least be back to my normal weight at 160 lbs (Goal results on May 23rd) will give updates!!!"
"I was on Norvasc for over 5 years. Yes there is leg swelling, sudden weight gain, and the most difficult, the loss of my hair. Channel blockers are usually given to people with diabetes. It worked well for a while. As soon as I was being weaned off valium, it was like I was taking a placebo."
"Not a huge fan. I started taking Ocella about 9 months ago only as birth control. It was my first experience being on the pill.
Good: NEVER GOT PREGNANT!
Meh: I went up a full cup size (C to a D, but I already have a small frame so I didn&#039;t celebrate)
Bad: It gave me terrible nausea, headaches and migraines. I started having awful mood swings and felt like I was always lashing out. Period didn&#039;t change, I still had an extremely heavy flow for at least a week with little to no spotting before or after and said goodbye to too many pairs of cute panties. Worst of all, it brought an a horrible bout of depression that I&#039;m still dealing with.

I recently switched to another birth control with lower estrogen, so hopefully it goes better this time."
"Vicodin ES was needed for my chronic pain due to Multiple Sclerosis. My condition is really controlled."
"I have been taking Buspar for about 6 yrs for anxiety and panic disorder. I started out 10 mg morning and night. When my anxiety got better, I just took it at night. 3 weeks ago I had another panic attack and have been sick with anxiety ever since. Dr. told me to start taking it twice a day again, which I did and already better. I don&#039;t tolerate antidepressants at all....so this medicine is a miracle for me."
"I have been on this birth control for 4 months. I noticed severe side effects almost instantly, but decided to give it some time to work through my body. I have experienced EXTREME mood issues, panic attacks, cramping, fatigue, restlessness, no sex drive, and also terrible acne mostly along my jaw line and my shoulders. It&#039;s embarrassing. I am discontinuing the use of this birth control. I cannot continue to be an emotional mess. I want my happy self back again. I am sick of being overly paranoid, depressed, and angry. My boyfriend doesnt understand what this drug is doing to me and just thinks im &quot;crazy&quot;, but im not. :( this drug is awful."
"I am only limited to a few options because I am on Seizure meds, before the meds I responded very well to the pill! This is my 3rd Depo Provera shot and I feel like a completely different person for the worst.. I have no sex drive, I have panic attacks daily, my hair started falling out, I literally sit in my room depressed when I&#039;m not working, my vision changed, I have upper back pain and neck pain, I am tired all the time.. I miss the girl I used to be before this Injection.. My bloodwork is perfect, I&#039;ve had several test done. This drug is a poison and I can&#039;t wait until March for me to decline to never get it again!"
"I love Arthrotec and did not realize just how well it was working for me until I switched to Celebrex, which did nothing.  Within days on Celebrex I was so stiff I could hardly walk.  I have back issues from arthritis (nerve impingement, etc.) and have epidural spinal injections. I promptly went right back to the Arthrotec.  But, I do realize now that the Arthrotec does make me very drowsy and hungry. The hunger and cravings is really strange, but during the time on Celebrex I wasn&#039;t hungry at all while dieting.  So, it&#039;s either pain and stiffness, or drowsiness and hunger.  I chose not to have pain."
"Felt tingle in throat and moderate joint pain Tuesday night. Woke up Wednesday morning full blown flu. Severe joint pain, headache, body ache and minor cough. Felt like I had been hit by truck. Had 103 temp. Went to Dr and was prescribed tamiflu and z/pac. Slept all day Wednesday  and night. Woke up Thursday temp down to 99 and felt 90% better. Friday all symptoms of flu are gone and normal temp. Was given 5 days of tamiflu so I took another and got very nauseated. Don&#039;t know if I&#039;ll finish prescription or not."
"This is the only medication that stopped my GERD. After the 14 day treatment, the first day I did not take it, my GERD returned in full force. I wish it would have had a longer effect. Have given up on my doctor finding a solution, so will have to suffer for the next four months until I can repeat the Zegerid."
"I take Suboxone for opiate dependence. I spent 3 long years addicted to pain medication .. where I was going to get my next fix is all I could think of. Opiates destroyed my life. I went to my doctor and told him everything and he suggested that I start Suboxone therapy. That was the best day of my life! Virtually overnight I felt like I had never taken pain medicines in my life. I felt like myself again. This medication is AMAZING ...it CAN and WILL save your life."
"I have been on this medicine for only 3 weeks and my love addiction, my sex addiction have all but practically disappeared. I don&#039;t feel as depressed I feel even, grounded and no longer have the feeling that I am separated from myself. My obsessive thoughts have all but disappeared. I was constantly thinking about my ex who broke up with me 9 months ago. I feel finally that I got my life back. I prefer low libido than constantly thinking that every attractive girl I connect with might be my future girlfriend. Celexa works for me, I have been on and off them for years now but now I am sticking to the program. Be patient people and stick to the program."
"This is my last day of the 10 day  for sinus infection and I am taking it to a lab to get it anaylized.  Something must be illegal with this drug that it is prescribed so easily without specific instructions.  I have been sick all week.  Sinusitis and the affects of this drug has kept me in bed most of the week.  I got ill on a weekend and had to go to one of those &#039;clinics&#039;,  Next time I will go to E.R.  I lost an entire week of my life. i.e. shoulder/neck pain, sore throat, &#039;something in my eye&quot;,dryness, light-headed-ness, lethargic, loss of appetite, dry nose, restless sleep, yet sleep all day, nausea, feel bloated, some diarrhea,  and mentally disconnected.  I was not a happy camper.  And now on the 10th day, I still have an infection, yellow mucous."
"I have been on Lutera (generic for Aviane) for about a year now. Since my last birth control caused extreme moodiness, decrease in sex drive, Lutera was a lot better with those side effects. My moods were a lot better, was not depressed and angry all the time like the last birth control. My sex drive was &quot;ok&quot; it wasn&#039;t completely decreased but it could have been better considering I am 19. Lutera also caused an increased appetite and caused acne on my face when I never have gotten serious acne before... Overall, the birth control pill was ok... still in search for the right one for me."
"Shot easy to administer.  Had nausea come &amp; go - severe at times.  Expected loss of appetite. Shortly after 4th shot, digestion came to a screeching halt. Can&#039;t eat anything solid for last 2 days &amp; praying the last dose wears off so I can defecate!  Various anti-constipation treatments have failed. This is the worst medication reaction I&#039;ve ever experienced &amp; I won&#039;t be taking another dose."
"I was taken to the ER with kidney stones and pyelonephritis. The pain was very severe but the fentanyl injection took my pain from a 9/10 to a 2/3 within about two minutes or less. It wore off within an hour and that is my only complaint. The Toradol helped me for longer."
"I started taking Lolo in September and have been on it for 5 months now. Since I have started taking Lolo I have gained 18 pounds and can not for the life of me seem to lose any weight (I work out 5 days a week and maintain a raw vegan diet). I have been the most emotional I have ever been, I cry all the time and get very anxious. I have absolutely no sex drive (when I went off birth control from January to August last year it was much higher). I also get violently ill every time I drink alcohol (even just a glass of wine). I first thought this was because I might be allergic to alcohol but when I went off birth control I would never get ill and my hangovers were non-existant. Everyone varies on it but my experience has not been so pleasant"
"I wanted to share my experience with Zoloft because I came to this website looking for reviews when I first started. I had my doubts at first, my doctor started me out slow at 50mg. Now I am up to 150mg. It has taken a good 5 weeks for me to finally feel a change. I actually woke up in a good mood the past few days. Let me tell you I spent a lot of days staying in my sweats all day watching TV thinking I was never going to feel better. For me it just took a really long time to take effect.  The only side effect I have had is in the bedroom dept. Takes FOREVER if at all to have any fireworks go off for me, which was never a problem. Its really weird, but other than that no other side effects. I hope to feel even better each day."
"Greatly eased anxiety, after being diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder."
"these drugs are dangerous... they ruined my life.  made my illness much worse. the doctors are do not believe me as they think I&#039;m an inferior life form.  
SYMPTOMS INCLUDE
TOOTH DECAY
LACK OF MOTIVATION
EXTREME WEIGHT GAIN
HEART PAINS
REDUCED LEVEL OFCONSCIOUSNESS 
THEY ALSO MADE EXTREMELY DELUSIONAL TO THE POINT I DIDN&#039;T EVEN BELIEVE ANYMORE."
"Horrible medication! It caused me to have medication induced akathesia! I experienced extreme restlessness and uncontrollable tics in my mouth. My legs would continue to jump up and down while sitting! My psychiatrist initially placed me on propranolol to stop these side effects and worked initially. Then, he had to increase the dosage because it came back. Eventually, he had to take me off propranolol and place me on cogentin (Benzotropine mesylate). Cogentin is used for Parkinson&rsquo;s disease. That&rsquo;s how bad it got! Never again!"
"I had been given Lasix 20 mg for swollen feet and lower legs. It didn&#039;t work so the doctor upped it to 40 mg. That didn&#039;t work either. So then he prescribed Metolazone 5 mg. This worked. But it took a few weeks. Since I am the first person writing a review, I assume this isn&#039;t prescribed often."
"Xanax may have saved my life. In the early nineties I was a young man pursuing my ambitions career, cars and women. Whatever I have done / experienced led me to be violent in my reaction to assholes. Also mom raised me as she went through menopause and was volatile. I was dangerously aggressive in my early 30&#039;s. xnx worked with no side affects noticed, sleepiness at first, that&#039;s all.I sought xnx because it made me feel like I should, calm, thus able to focus. Did well all these years. I got laid off, Doc retired and I can&#039;t find a local doc to prescribe.  The system took it away, Clandestine alternatives are expensive, risking life, limb and employment,  Docs are ignorant sometimes."
"I started using this 5 months ago.  In the past two months I started to get really bad acne and not to mention I now have insomnia.  I just found out yesterday it is a side effect of LoEstrin.  I stopped taking it and hopefully am going to switch to something else.  At first it was great but now  I can&#039;t take it anymore."
"My doctor recently sent me to a pain management doctor to help control pain while recovering from my third knee surgery. Unfortunately, there will probably be a fourth surgery in the next 7 months for a complete replacement.  I had constant pain while relaxing on the couch and extreme pain while walking which caused other pain in my whole body due to not being able to walk correctly.  My doctor had me on Tramadol 50 mg 3-4 times a day which didn&#039;t take the pain away it only took the edge off but did nothing for the extreme walking pain.  My new pain doctor prescribed Opana ER 5mg twice a day, Tramadol 50mg 1-2 pills 3 times a day as needed and Neurontin for night-time burning pain.  Only side effect is slight morning headache. Opana ER is awesome."
"Took two 2mg.xanax this evening and a suboxone last night. No affects noted. Are there any precautions I should be aware of??? Thank you..."
"I love Toviaz thank you Pfizer for your discount. I take Aciberry for constipation and Biotin for dry mouth. I tried other meds they were not as effective as Toviaz. I reccommend Toviaz to all. Thank you again Pfizer"
"At 60 I began experiencing erections that were not rock hard, and during sex, at times I would loose an erection, but be able to get it back and climax normally. I wanted a harder erection and talked to the doctor and tried  20 mg levetra. Ate supper at 5 pm, took the pill at 9 pm, waited 30 min and began foreplay. Got the usual erection , more than a chubby but  erection of my youth....so really no change....had a very hard time ( no pun intended) to climax. Had to rest, and start again before I could climax. Second erection the same, more than a chubby, but not rock hard. After climax and 2 hours after taking the pill, I got major nasal congestion that lasted through the night into the morning of the next day."
"I got mine in April 2013 and it&#039;s now November. I&#039;ve had no mood swings, no acne, I&#039;ve gained about 7 pounds but it&#039;s in the areas I want it so I&#039;m not complaining. The only thing I&#039;m confused about is that they say once you have had it about five months you shouldn&#039;t have a monthly  period at all, is that true?"
"AM I ABOUT TO TELL YOU ALL A STORY. IT ENDS AWFULY. SO I was on this pill for 5 years. My face was fine, no acne, no issues. No birth control issues. i got on the pill because of my doctor, he told me to have this because my period was not regular and I had had it for years, so he figured this would help. I finished that treatment, and upon turning 20 I stopped taking it. No biggie right? YEAH. HUGE BIGGIE. Within 4-6 months, I didnt get my period at all. Ok thats fine, many times thats normal. MY FACE. MY POOR FACE. MY FACE EXPLODED INTO CYSTIC ACNE. I wanna say that I had been treated by my dermatologist to not have acne as I had bad acne when I was a teenager. I had to go back to him because my acne went from normal to cystic severe."
"I have bipolar 1 with psychotic features, I got off of risperdal that I was only on for a couple of weeks and immediately started saphris. I&#039;m an artist, and when I&#039;m manic I create a lot. Within an hour in my first night of taking Saphris, I began to see colors very brightly , euphoria, &quot;hey dad I feel REALLY good.&quot; Then I drew up 12 doodles in under 30 minutes. That night I could not sleep well and began to hear laughing in my room. I was verrrrry manic. When I woke up the next day I worked out at the gym for 3 hours and then went to the park to walk a lap. When I looked in the sky I was seeing UFOs and wondering if they were communicating with me. (hallucinations)
That night I was having more auditory hallucinations before bed."
"I was severely hooked on opiates for about seven years. I started out on Lortabs and eventually got to where I was taking ten ten milligrams at one time up to thirty a day. I got the brilliant idea to ween myself off of them by buying methadone on the street. Long story short I got worse on the methadone than I was before. After several failed attempts getting sober by going to rehab I found a doctor who prescribed me Suboxone 16 mg a day back in 2006. "
"My choice of drug was heroin.  I used for 2 years until I got busted and had to get off and wanting to get off. I started Methadone on 100mg a day and cut down very slowly, to 2 1/2 mg within a year. I think methadone is a good way to get off opiates but be prepared when you finally want to get off everything.  Vitamins helped me get through the withdrawals after finally getting off methadone, be strong."
"Been using for 5 months, my doctor advises one more month of use. Had fungus on 2 nails and my big toenail that was 80% infected has improved to about 15% remaining.  Improvement in nails was very slow for the first 3-4 months and with this month you can see the improvement everyday. Thankfully, no side effects other than stomach cramps for the first few days. Monthly blood draws to check liver enzymes are normal."
"GREAT GEL! I have BIG problems with BOTH KNEES, this has worked very well. Better than taking oral medicines, goes right to the problem area!"
"I have taken this medicine before and it made my Restless Legs Syndrome much worse. For over 25 years I have taken Percocet. I may have to back to that. I read some where that side effects can last for up to a year, I hope not."
"Beware of side effects! This medication caused Sexual side effects. Unless you are a Man who doesn&#039;t mind not being able to  have ejaculation in the bedroom, don&#039;t mind growing breasts when you are a Man!, and don&#039;t mind gaining weight, DO NOT TAKE THIS MEDICATION."
"Every time I take one it causes me so much pain I feel like I&#039;m going to double over. It&#039;s effective but painful. "
"Works better then most prescription drugs for allergies and chronic sinusitis ( I&#039;ve had sinus surgery 4 times due to this), whose side effect are health threatening. I will only take at night due to the drowsiness, this drowsiness can turn into nervousness if I don&#039;t fall asleep and keeps me up all night. I do have drowsy days often with naps from sitting and just passing out.
I find that if continue taking every night about the fourth I begin to have vivid and horrible nightmares. I also get drenching night sweats - the two are not always together one night I may have one or the other.
I take one (1) tablet."
"Started on Levo/Synthroid after surgery a year ago. Had lots of leg pains and just didn&#039;t feel good. Then tried Armour - better but still didn&#039;t feel right and still had leg pains. Now I am on Nature&#039;s Thyroid - feel much better and no leg pains. I have increased to 2 grains started at 1 and 1/4. Feel more like my old self. I was starting to get really depressed thinking this was my life now always feeling subpar. I even regretted surgery and remnant ablation . I hope this continues but for anyone who has absolutely no thyroid I recommend you take something that more mirrors your body&#039;s natural thyroid. Your thyroid does so much more for your body than you realize. A synthetic T4 only product is not going to cut it in the long run for us."
"i HATE THIS BIRTH CONTROL 
i&#039;ve been on it for a month and a half and it gave me acne all over my face! i haven&#039;t had acne since i was 16 (im 20 now) i hate this and i&#039;m switching ASAP"
"I&#039;ve been taking Lutera for only a week now but so far, so good. Honestly, after reading all the reviews and side effects all over the internet I was pretty nervous. I think birth control will have different effects depending on the individual. All your doctor can do is try their best to prescribe the best birth control for you.
I&#039;m 21, never been on birth control pills before, and have one child. I&#039;ve never had a problem with uncomfortable or heavy periods but I am eager to see if this pill will make my periods last fewer days like most claim it does...too early to tell.
I have had a little trouble with breaking out regularly since I was 15. Well so far after one week on this pill my face is completely clear! So happy."
"Definitely helps with anxiety and panic attacks, all side effects have subsided. I do keep mednotes on all medications I take for interactions just because I&#039;ve had some scares with some medications that have interacted with each other but the pharmacist or doctors have not caught onto."
"I don&#039;t have diabetes, however, I&#039;m insulin resistant and over weight.  I&#039;m on Metformin ER 1000 2x day and now .75 Trulicity 1x week.  Added Trulicity to reduce my weight.  Started 2 weeks ago.  Down 11 pounds already.  Started taking the injections at night so I don&#039;t feel the nausea.  Feel full quickly.  Eating healthy meals 5x day.  Exercising atleast 3x week.  It&#039;s working for me."
"i am 60 years old and had been sleeping12 hours per night with a nap sometimes for 3 hours. am i depressed or chronically fatigued? i have been taking nuvigil and now i sleep 9 hours a night with no naps. i am now more excited about life. side effects? an hour after i take it (one dose 200mm in the am) i notice an effect similar to one cup of coffee that lasts a half hour then nothing. cost is $390 for a thirty day supply. insurance won&#039;t cover it. medicare will not except for NARCOLEPSY. . THIS IS NOT RELATED TO RITALIN OR AMPHETAMINES AND HAS A VERY low abuse potential in spite of what you may hear from college students. as more info comes in it would not surprise me that this would be the first drug used in treating depression.  thanks"
"I have been put on Zoladex 3.6 by my Gyno. The first few weeks I thought it was a god send! It stopped my Endo pains and stopped my period.... But then I started suffering from migraine/headaches, no sex drive, extreme bone pain, NO APPETITE - and if I try to make myself eat then I vomit, nausea, irregular sleeping patterns and signs of anxiety/depression because I&#039;ve been missing days off of work! 
I&#039;m due for my 4th injection in two days and the whole treatment plan I am on is for 6 months. I have never felt this sick in my whole life :( is there a light at the end of the tunnel? Can someone help me?"
"Very good experience with some minor side effects.....minor and worth having rather than being in the hospital with a kidney infection! I read some of the reviews on here. I have health anxiety and a bit of hypochondria and I am afraid to take medications. I was hesitant to take this one as well after reading the reviews. Only side effects I felt was some mild diarrhea, headache, some muscle aches, fatigue, mild pelvic and side pain and chills (which could have been from the UTI rather than a side effect of the medication). Please take the bad reviews with a grain of salt. Everyone responds differently to medications and my experience was good with this. Don&#039;t take UTI&#039;s lightly as they can lead into more serious problems."
"Tirosint is a God sent medication, after many side effects from generic and brand name Synthroid  it was determined that I should try this brand. I was never normal until this medication (metabolically, physically or mentally). It just works best. I am my old me again before Hasimoto&#039;s disease."
"Lexpro is the best medication. I had no life befor Lexpro. I used to suffer for 8 years from anxiety and panick attacks. I was always scared from anything. The doctor asked me to try Lexpro I was so afriad of medications, I thought medications would never help me. I used think that I will help my self to stop thinking about it. I thought they were all thoughts in my mind and I have to change them I used to get panick attacks everday when I&#039;m sleeping. I would recommend anyone to try this medication because this medication will safe your life if you have anxity I have been 10 mg for months then 15 for 2 months and 4 months for 20 Mg and am still taking it. And I will never stop taking it"
"I am immunodeficient and need antibiotics often. My doctors try to stay with the older generations of antibiotics for a lot of things, plus I&#039;m allergic to a lot of them now; and Levaquin is prescribed for when I am having acute issues like sinus infection and it does work very well. I have never had any of the bad side effects from it other than feeling a bit out of sorts, maybe an upset stomach, but I&#039;m also sick while taking it so I would feel &quot;off&quot; regardless. Unfortunately (because it&#039;s a fairly expensive antibiotic) it has over the last years worked quite well, even with me."
"I struggled for years with not only insomnia,  but waking up several times thru the night when I would fall asleep (usually anywhere ftom 2-3 hours after going to bed and laying there with everything from bills to elementry school friends and worrying about my son). Many many times I would dose off then after sleeping an hour or so, wake up wide eyed and bushy tailed as if I had gotten a full 8 hours of sleep. I would do this several times a night then fall into a deep REM sleep right before the alarm went off. This action made me extremely tired, cranky, and totally unmotivated the whole next day. My Dr finally has me on a good combo and I sleep. 250 mg&#039;s of seriquel and 300 mg&#039;s of trazodone. And if needed...vistril."
"I have been on this about two weeks.  I can give you an idea of what the start of treatment is like.

I was prescribed Lexapro 10mg in the morning for Depression/GAD/Panic Disorder. It has worked very well for anxiety and the panic disorder. I have become more calm and my mind is more in order and focused.  I still find most people intolerable, but that is more my personality, and at least now on Lexapro, I can stand to listen to other people talk for extended times and keep my focus.  

The depression, as I discussed with my Dr, is going to take much longer to deal with, but so far, I do feel somewhat more calm and level-headed.  

Side effects: Decreased sex drive.  Some tiredness."
"I had my Nexplanon placed a few weeks after my son was born. I admit I was worried about the possibility of irregular bleeding. I have not experienced any problems so far. My periods have stopped and all I have is a few cramps around the time I would have had one. Not pregnant yet, no weight gain, however I have had an unusual peak in headaches, but nothing horrible. I love it!"
"The itching and scaling went away after one day of using this treatment. I am very pleased with this drug. I just hope that my condition doesn&#039;t become immune to it as it did with all the other OTC treatments I&#039;ve used."
"I&#039;m a 35-year-old woman and was on Lexapro 10mg from ages 21-30 and have been on 5mg for about 5 weeks now (staying at this dose) - both times for GAD without Depression and a touch of OCD.  For the most part, I managed fairly well while off it (exercise, limited alcohol, CBT therapy) but had periods where my anxiety would flare up. My advice would be to try it. I was very anxious about idea of going back on medication (i.e. Googling all the horrible side effects) but I&#039;m feeling significantly calmer, less anxious, and happier.  I didn&#039;t think I needed medication...until I went back on medication (give it a few weeks) and felt the difference.  I had convinced myself I was &quot;OK&quot; but really, I was &quot;white knuckling&quot; through my anxiety."
"I have been taking Genvoya now for 11 days. Recently diagnosed with really good lab cbc ranges, cd4 count and low viral load (was exposed early year 2016). I take it at noon everyday with my lunch, just to remain consistent. 
I can tell the medication is doing some work. My body feels different. I get really sleepy an hour after taking. First few days I felt warmer inside, even though I never have a temp. The indigestion is also very apparent and annoying at times. I noticed this the first day I started treatment. I also have some stomach cramping and frequent need to urinate. Cramping discomfort is very low grade.  I think my body is working hard to clear and filter all the virus. 
I feel good overall."
"I&#039;ve been on doxycycline for almost 4 weeks now, twice a day. My skin has really started to get better but recently I started getting nauseous after taking. The nausea usually subsides in 20 minutes, so I just used to deal with it. Avoid taking it before a car ride/playing a game/sport etc because that triggers nausea. It&#039;s a miracle drug and I hope ot works that way for you. 
P.S. Its true, it gets worse before it gets better"
"No. Just No. Don&#039;t do it. As I lie in bed, battling extreme nausea, fatigue, and an aching, burning, asshole, I completely regret the moment I took four of these demonic pink pills. The griping, cramps, and stabbing pain makes you feel like you&#039;d rather be plugged up or use a natural remedy, like apples, for release instead. If life were Jeopardy, I&#039;d go with &quot;Never Again&quot; for 1000 and win. Bisacodyl is where all the nopes in nopelandia play, loudly screaming &#039;hell nah,&#039; in the pink pill filled, Field Of NO. Seriously, don&#039;t take this before looking at gentler alternatives for constipation. Your gut will thank you!"
"I have had Mirena twice. The first time was after my 2nd child. During the insertion I had 2 small cramps that did not last long. When it was all done I had no cramping and no bleeding for a year. I had it removed because I was going to try and be a surrogate for my aunt. Sadly it didn&#039;t happen. But I was blessed with my very own baby boy later on. I had Mirena inserted again after my son&#039;s birth. This time I had a little more cramping during the procedure. Afterwards I bled heavy for 10 days with mild cramping. I had a week of nothing than another 10 days of random bleeding. Now it&#039;s been about 3 months since the procedure and I have not had any bleeding but I do get lots of cramps and I am having a hard time losing weight."
"I&#039;ve been on the Depo shot for over three years now I was so happy to get rid of my period. I&#039;ve had none of the side effects that people have mentioned such as depression, migraines or loss of libido actually I think it increased mine haha but the only thing that I&#039;ve noticed was the weight gain and it was only maybe 5lbs a year so it wasn&#039;t that noticeable. The only thing that I&#039;ve noticed is that as you are ending the year and getting your first shot for the new year you tend to bleed irregularly for a week to two weeks but I&#039;ve had nothing but positive things from this shot."
"My mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer&#039;s several years ago. As the disease progressed so did her paranoia anxiety and sundowners syndrome. She was put on Celexa which only made her sleep all day and have horrific nightmares. The doctor put her on Rispersal and her behaviors changed overnight. She became manageable, and helpful and no more sundowners. Her sleep pattern improved and the night terrors ceased. She has past recently from heart failure but our last year together was much improved"
"I like this birth control because I don&#039;t have to take it daily. Only side effects are I gained 15 pounds but I wanted to do that&#039;s probably why I gained so much. I&#039;m nauseous a lot. I can put up with these ... overall I like it."
"The first two weeks were perfectly fine, I feel like my breasts got bigger/fuller but they became really sensitive and sore all the time. Then about the third week came around and I missed one pill by a little bit and I haven&#039;t stopped bleeding since. (I&#039;ve been bleeding for three weeks straight with unusual dark colored discharge) Also my skin and just about everything feels super dry compared to normal.  Haven&#039;t gained weight or gotten zits so I guess that&#039;s okay. Drive is through the roof but can&#039;t do anything. :^(
Hoping this bleeding will stop soon. Might go to doc."
"It definitely helped my cough but I did have some minor stomach problems with it and I did feel kind of light-headed at times. Not like I was going to be dizzy or pass out but just kind of odd."
"Only on day 4 and can&#039;t take the constant nausea and off feelings anymore. Vivid dreams, sweating, but the worst is definitely the gastro issues. Bloating, acid reflux, severe nausea. Tried taking it with food, tried taking anti-nausea pills and so many other things, but it wouldn&#039;t work."
"I&#039;ve been suffering really bad anxiety/depression for over the past year now. My Doctor suggested me to take Zoloft at 25mg. I came across this page, and read reviews. And most were positive reviews. The first day I felt fine and energetic. Second day my anxiety was worse than usual. After the third day of taking it, I was rushed to the ER due to burning feeling in my chest, and really bad tremors. Worst experience in my life."
"Anxiety symptoms have worsened as I&#039;ve titrated from 300 mg to 600 mg a day. Not the right drug for me, I fear."
"My face looks terrible. I do not recommend. I have pimples where I didn&#039;t have beforehand."
"Okay. So I joined the military and they recommended this form of birth control to me because &quot;it was supposed to stop your period&quot; there were &quot; no side effects&quot; literally I bled for over a year and maybe 3 months of the entire year I would get a week break. Literally not even worth it. I would bleed so much, my mood swings were terrible, the depression was horrible and I would not recommend this to anyone. I&#039;m currently on skyla IUD and I find it Sooo much better. I did not get pregnant on this form of birth control mainly because I didn&#039;t even want to have sex. It kills your sex drive, makes you feel like you&#039;re going insane. 3 days after getting it removed is when I finally stopped bleeding and I felt like complete different person."
"I started on the oral contraceptive pill but got horrible nausea and vomiting, so this was my next option. NuvaRing has been fantastic, it has a fraction of the hormones and I get no nausea. Insertion and removing is really not a hassle, and you cannot feel it at all. For me, it beats the pill and vomiting, along with all the other symptoms. I haven&#039;t had any noticeable mood issues or migraines. I would recommend it to anyone!"
"I was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder last year and tried Anafranil first but couldn&#039;t handle the side effects. My doctor started me on Luvox a little over and month ago and I finally feel like I&#039;m getting my life together. I see my counselor every 2 weeks now instead of once a week and my obsessive thoughts are finally under control. I can enjoy books again and I&#039;ve been feeling a lot more social. At first I had trouble sleeping; I was waking up every night around 4 AM but that has almost stopped completely now. I was worried about weight gain but I&#039;ve actually lost weight due to my diminished appetite since starting the medication."
"This is my fifth year using the Implanon (second implant) and I&#039;m unsure whether I will have another put in when this one is removed. Due to family history with thrombosis I was advised by my GP against using other methods due to a high risk of blood clotting. He advised me to use the Implanon as this is widely recognized as one of the most effective birth control methods. I have to say that even with it&#039;s disadvantages I agree. I have gained roughly 3 and half stone since using Implanon which I am very unhappy about and have tried numerous ways to lose (I even purchased a treadmill for home use and it has had little effect)! I also have unbelievable mood swings and cry at the most ridiculous things! But it does work."
"I took adipex first week of Feb 2015 wasn&#039;t really tracking the dates of how long it took for my weight to drop but it was super quick. My starting  weighed was 220 by March I was 189 and as of today October 15 2015 I weight 167. I&#039;m so happy but now I want an flat stomach so thats my next step. pants size was 16 now I can fit 9/10 11/12 so my goal is to have a flat stomach"
"I have been on Contrave since April and have now lost 33 lbs.  I absolutely know that this medication is the reason for blocking out my cravings.  I do drink water all day long which does fill me up but the medication makes me full. Most nights I can&#039;t even finish my portioned controlled food.  No side effects. Loving this!   Hope to loss another 30 before August.  I will keep you posted."
"After the first day I felt kind of better, the second--a little rash, and at the third --  changes of the mouth mucosa/lining. "
"I&#039;ve only been taking Trinessa for a month, but so far I love it. I was getting very self conscious with my acne and I was originally going to take Ortho Tri Cyclen, but my doctor recommended Trinessa. I was VERY worried after reading some of these comments but I&#039;m so glad I gave it a try! Sure, my skin is not perfect (it&#039;s not a magic pill), but its CONSIDERABLY clearer, and I have not had any nausea, headaches, or dizziness. My breasts have gotten a little sore (a couple of times) but its a small price to pay for clear skin. Try Trinessa."
"I had a cold for a week, was unable to sleep because of coughing.  I went to my Doctor and he prescribed this for me. I stopped coughing within an half and hour.  "
"I have been using Asacol for about 6 years. At the onset of Ulcerative cholitis, I was on high doses of Prednisone with the Asacol. It took over a year to get stablized, but the past two years have been event free. The only complaint I have is that the Doctor did not explain how Asacol works. I thought it was not working because I was passing whole tablets. I actually was breaking some of the pills thinking I was helping when in fact I was hurting the situation. Now taking 9 x 400mg pills daily."
"I was bleeding 24/7 and anemic due to a large fibroid.  First I tried Depo Provera shots, which didn&#039;t work.  All bleeding stopped about a week and a half after my first Lupron shot.  At this point, it&#039;s only been a month, so I don&#039;t know if I&#039;ll still need a hysterectomy. "
"I was diagnosed in May with Diabetes in 2014.  Went on Metformin, was doing ok, but due to sleep apnea my fasting levels would be in the 280&#039;s.  Went to an endocrinologist in September, added Invokana.  My fasting readings are now in the 120&#039;s, my A1C went from 9.7 to 7.1, my energy shot up and now, 5 months in, I am down 14 pounds.  Feel so good I joined a gym this month for the first time in years.  I have amazing insurance so Invokana costs me nothing, and if you have type 2 at least try it.  I have never been so happy with a medicine."
"Oh my word! This stuff saved my life. It took the maximum 6 hr time to work. And it only softened half the load the other half was a runny nightmare. I compared my constipation pain level to having a child. I was in the bathroom 20 times thinking.... This is it!! This is it!!!! Just to be let down and hurting with more cramping. But when it finally softened it up just enough to get that biggie out the rest came tumbling right after. Got to love methadone. I haven&#039;t been taking in as much water as I should and have been eating way to much I&#039;ve cream. (Hint, dairy makes matters worse). What a horrible night. Give it time. It&#039;ll work one way or another lol"
"My mother, age 75 took this. After 4 days she became very confused, bad chest pain, nauseated, felt jerky and diarrhea. She still shows some confusion after being off of it for 2 days."
"I have had Mirena for about 9 months now. Before I was on the pill with a period for four days. I switched to Mirena because it was just easier than remembering to take a pill. Shortly after the insertion I had severe pain and bleeding. A month later I started spotting then bleeding for over a week. This would occur every couple of weeks. It was irritating but I thought it would have gotten better. Now 9 months later I experience periods for 2-3 weeks straight with constant bleeding. I am fine for a week, and the entire process begins. I am switching back to the pill."
"Given for bacterial infection, this medication did nothing but side effects.  Fever, chills, no appetite, weak.  Put this to the infection.  Finished the prescribed amount and noticed red blotches on my skin and peeling.  I think allergic to this product.  Never again.  Still feeling effects.   It&#039;s only been one day since completion."
"My nine-year-old son has G551D/deltaF508 CF. He began taking this at six years old, 2 years after it first became available in US.

 He went from being severely underweight to overweight in less than a year. His BMI is weighed over 95 percentile for age 9. 

His chronic cough went away within a week. He is not had any respiratory infections since beginning the medication. 

This medication is just short of a miracle for him. And I&#039;m not exaggerating. I am a physician who has watched kids and young adults die of cystic fibrosis during my training."
"I&#039;ve been taking lunesta on and off for &gt;8 months. This drug is very effective as it puts you to sleep twenty minutes after taking the pill. I can get six hours of straight sleep and a plus of one hour more, after waking up to urinate. So I went from having a extremely poor sleep calendar because of a fibromyalgia type disease, to getting this 6-7 hs of sleep at night which is actually very good.

Why I don&#039;t rate higher this drug? Well: If I take the eszopiclone at 00:00 Hs and wake up at 8:00 Hs, there exist a residual effect of drowsiness that last well into the midday. It dissapears only at 17:00 Hs aprox. This is incompatible with a calendar of morning study or working. Furthermore, this side effect can lead to or aggravete depression."
"I&#039;m on my second month of taking this pill and I&#039;m really considering changing to another one. I&#039;m usually not an emotional person, but after around 2 weeks in on the pills I just got super emotional to EVERYTHING. I could start crying while eating, talking, walking. Just anytime. And I can&#039;t even tell why I&#039;m crying and being so emotional. And I just feel depressed all the time and the moodswings. And I get irritated super easily.. And also since I started taking them I&#039;m so tired ALL the time, all my energy is gone and I just wanna sleep. I haven&#039;t noticed either more or less acne than before. I&#039;ve gained weight around my hips and thighs. But other than that I&#039;m not pregnant so that part of the pill works.."
"Dry mouth but that just prompted me to drink more water.  Slight headache and insomnia yesterday, but insomnia every day for me and I had my hair up, which could be the cause of the headache.  I won&#039;t blame the meds for any except the dry mouth.   I was fine taking it on an empty stomach. 
This morning when I awoke, I wasn&#039;t crazy thinking about how to battle food cravings all day long.  My willpower was weakening as I get older, or so I thought, but yesterday I was able to work a normal day without thinking about food or the fight with my mind.
With research, I already knew my insurance wouldn&#039;t cover it.  I signed up for the savings card program, $70 out of pocket."
"I had this injection earlier today; it was no more uncomfortable than the annual flu shot that I always get - just a slight stick.  I have no redness or irritation at the injection site, and I am experiencing no side effects whatsoever.  I&#039;ve had the &#039;other&#039; (PPSV23 pneumonia shot and with it I did have redness and soreness around the injection site, but it went away after a few days.  I&#039;ve had pneumonia about 10 years ago, and I don&#039;t ever want to go through that again.  The pneumonia vaccinations are the way if you are &#039;at risk&#039;, as I am."
"I smoked for 25 years, sometimes heavy sometimes only 8-10 a day.  I tried everything gum, patches, fake cig, zyban, welbutrin and even tried cold turkey.  Nothing worked!  Then along came this wonderful little pill.  The first week I noticed the cravings gone, on week 10 now and have only smoked a couple of times when I was drinking and even then it tasted awful.  I do experience some side effects like &#039;bad&#039; nausea for about 1 hour after taking the pill."
"Been using Retin A for over 10 years, for photo aging and acne. I&#039;m 51 and routinely am told I look like my 33 yo daughter &amp; I could be sisters. I&#039;m also a sunscreen fanatic &amp; I believe that&#039;s the key to maintaining your results. This product truly does work. You have to be patient and practice overall good skin care - but this works."
"Radiation induced small bowel obstructions Minimizes severe pain of partial small vowel obstructions. But also prolongs the duration"
"Implanon is great for birth control but is horrible for life control. It causes horrible mood swings hair loss weight gain extreme illness everyday I feel really out of control my emotions are all over the place and there&#039;s nothing they can do about it because they lost it - it is lost in my arm and it cannot be removed! Never get Implanon"
"Great med, but it always makes my lip swell and crack.....but the furuncle was gone!"
"I was prescribed this along with my Effexor XR when diagnosed with mild BPD, Depression, ADD, PTSD. I originally took Abilify but discontinued it once I gained 30 lbs in a month. The Rexulti makes me feel tired and I cannot lose the weight I gained with the Abilify. I thought with the Adderall I started taking and with working out I would at least lose a few lbs. Nope! I think I am done with this med. I am in DBT, CBT therapy and I think that has had more of an effect on my impulsive behavior than this medicine. The only thing I have noticed with it is I have vivid dreams and am always hungry."
"Cymbalta  helped me so much. I  was suffered severe depression after a very rough time in my life. I began taking 30mg, which worked for a few months, but my anxiety and depression were beginning to get worse. My doctor raised me to 60mg, and at first it made me very nauseous, dizzy,  and just sick for a few days, but after that, I felt like a new person. I had energy, I was happy, and once again back to myself, the girl I was before depression consumed me. I was on Cymbalta for 3 years, until I got pregnant and had to immediately quit. The withdrawals were terrible, considering you&#039;re usually weaned off of this medication. Overall,  Cymbalta is a wonderful medication for depression."
"I was constipated for about 5 days do to taking diet pills. I took MOM at about 1030pm at night I woke up at about 5 am rubbing my belly and thinking I can&#039;t believe this stuff hasn&#039;t kicked in. When I tell you that thought hadn&#039;t even left my mind yet it kicked in and with a bang!!!! I barely made it to the bathroom. I felt so much better even though I almost pooped on myself!!!!"
"I&rsquo;m not going to front for this birth control it was terrible. I got on it &amp; didn&rsquo;t bleed for that week. Next thing you know I start bleeding because of my period which is normally on for 3 days but was on for 7. Cramps were out of this world, never got cramps before the birth control. I was always crying and sad, also depressed. After my period stopped I continued spotting for over a month. That was long enough for me so I wanted to take it out. I had my mom buy me walnuts cause that&rsquo;s what I was craving and I also heard that it makes bleeding stop. The next day the blood got lighter then it stopped. Now it&rsquo;s just discharge. Less mood swings. I&rsquo;m honestly satisfied with it now. Very effective by the way. Wouldn&rsquo;t recommend as first choice."
"I am on day 7 @ 0.6 and from day 1 this medication curbed my cravings.  I work a job that is 75% travel and easy to just drive through a fast food joint.  Just left a national meeting in NC and for the first time ever I did not stop at Bojangles for a chicken biscuit and sweet tea.  During the meeting there were spreads of cookies, cake and pie and I did not even want it!

I am not weighing myself but I can feel a difference in the way my clothes fit.  This medication was recommended to me by my best friend who is a rep for the company.  She told me it would change my life and so far she is right.

I had some slight nausea but it is bearable.  Heart burn is something I&#039;ve always had and treat it with nexium. I notice a little burping."
"This med was a complete cure....I went through menopause - experienced extreme dryness and horrific pain during relations....constant urinary infections as well.  I use the 10mcg and it was perfect....get it a lot cheaper through israelpharm.....different amounts in packaging - but still a heck of a lot cheaper than Walmart....yay!!!"
"After a head/neck/spine injury I found the drug to be very helpful with the neuropathic pain in my arm, face and various body parts. Weight gain is a minor issue. I don&#039;t suffer night terrors but feel as though I&#039;ve been dragged through a hedge backwards upon awakening. I do NOT feel rested upon awakening.
Cognitive issues due to the injury have been exaggerated after taking Lyrica."
"Horrible! Nightmare! This product is extremely dangerous and terrible for women. It caused major pain, burning like fire, sores and bumps,  and burns down there.  Do not use!!!"
"This medicine remarkably helped my husbands shaking.  He now barely shakes at all.  Best Parkinson medicine we ever tried."
"The phenergan shot works well at sedating me. The other forms that it comes in - such as pill, syrup, and suppository do not provide the same sedating effect for me."
"Been on flexeril for the past 4 or 5 years. It works ok for muscle spasms in my lumbar area. I have several badly herniated discs so I&#039;m in pain most of the time. By itself the medication doesn&#039;t do that much but my Dr has me take it with gabapentin and Percocet so together they help a lot."
"Knowing coal tar based products as most recommended I tried PsoriasinGel .75 gr pack with 1.25% coaltar- my skin got so dry it looked like a coat of gray paint- DID NOT RELIEVE ITCH at all - shall be happy to give this to someone for whom it may work - but cannot recommend based on my experience"
"Well my expeirence so far has been really bad, I have had excessive weight gain, Acne breakouts here and their not too bad though, Ive had no period for a long time but now im somewhat bleeding and its not even heavy,  The bad thing is im getting really bad ovary cramps,  I feel very bad with mood swings their driving me crazy and im eating like im pregnant.  I have pregnancy symptoms without being pregnant -.-... I dont know i wouldnt recommend this for anyone but i half to suffer on it for like 2-3 more months."
"I am on Tivicay and Descovy now for 2 months ,I swapped from Atripla after 7 years on Atripla, this combination is the easiest I ever taken, only thing I noticed was I was constipated for 4 days on starting,totally normal now.
If your considering this swap go for it,I love this combo.."
"My daughter has been using this for her  Mast Cell Activation Disorder (MCAD) since 2010, and it is a miracle!  She gained 30 pounds in 6 months because she was finally able to absorb her food, thanks to the Gastrocrom.   She is on a lot of different medications, but Gastrocrom was the one that finally tied everything together and started her on stable path."
"Got the mirena yesterday, and wasn&#039;t too bad. It only took about 3 minutes to put in, and it just felt like the strongest cramp I&#039;ve ever gotten. I felt a little dizzy after, but was able to get up and drive home. A little discomfort a few days after but so worth it not to have to take a pill everyday"
"This is the 5th week that I have been on this medicine. I have been diagnosed with PTSD as a result of a traumatic incident 1 1/2 years ago.  I have suffered with depression for most of my adult life. I have had extreme nausea, weight loss which I do not need.  The worst thing has been the &quot;extreme&quot; anger and aggression I have been feeling. I have started swearing all the time, which is not me.  I cry at the drop of a hat. I don&#039;t have children but I feel like hitting my pets at times. I would never hurt my pets but these feelings scare me. I have recently stopped taking it. It may be a miracle drug for some but for me it&#039;s been a nightmare."
"I took this medication for a week and just couldn&#039;t tolerate it.  I did lose weight, but the side effects (gastric distress, nausea) were so bad I had to discontinue it."
"I have been on nexplanon for about 2 weeks now and I have nothing negative to say about it. Besides the ugly bruise on my arm, I absolutely love it. I had extreme mood swings in previous birth control and high blood pressure so I can&#039;t be put on the combo pill, but since being on this I seem to always be smiling and laughing. Only downside is I haven&#039;t had a period in 2 months and reading the other reviews I&#039;m nervous to know when I will get one, or if I even will. But all is well so far !"
"I am fighting plantar faciitis and have been in horrible pain which shoots up my leg. I know it is from walking the dog on the beach for miles at a time, though I wear good shoes. Meloxicam absolutely has taken away the pain. I am trying to figure out, however, how to soothe and heal my foot without having to depend on a medicine for more than 6 or 8 weeks. I believe Meloxicam is an excellent bridge in an acute situation. Yoga stretches also are really helping, especially the sun salutation, which stretches my calves and tendons in my feet. I believe that way I can get through the worst while protecting my stomach."
"I am on many medications for anxiety and depression. I have struggled with sleeping as long as I can remember. Not only could I not fall asleep but I also could not stay asleep. I found myself unable to focus, not putting my best foot forward, and falling asleep in my morning classes. When my doctor put me on trazodone my life flipped around. I was a happier person. I currently take 100mg every night before bed. It helps me fall asleep and stay asleep. While I do believe that sometimes it may cause me to be tired in the morning it was well worth the trade off. I hope this can help someone in my past situation."
"I have been on Provera 10mg for almost 3 months now. My first monthly period was painful and heavy. My second was a regular plus I clotted a lot. With my 3 rd cycle I only spotted off and on for 3 days. I haven;t  seen a cycle since. Besides the cramps and the spotting every now and then. I highly recommend this medicine. I have to take provera 10mg daily for 6 months to remove pre cancerous cell off my uterus. I have a 12yrs old son and now me and my husband are praying for another child which will be his first biological child. Has anyone besides me missed a cycle while on Provera. I have taken two home pregnancy tests a week apart and they both said the same thing ( Negative)"
"I used this page for support when I first started out on Lexapro so I thought I&#039;d give back. I was prescribed Lexapro 10mg for dysthymia (mild chronic depression) and anxiety. The first few weeks were accompanied by a persistent mild headache and some nausea. I was much more tired - slept 8-hour nights plus an afternoon nap. 10 days into my prescription I was at the beach and I noticed some people&#039;s swimsuits appeared to have brighter colours. The world slowly began to appear more vivid visually and to have more &quot;depth&quot;. At some point rumination stopped almost completely. Two months in, the world seems much more inviting and much less harsh than it used to. 
This drug works for me."
"I really like this product. You are not supposed to use it everyday, maybe twice a week starting off, nor around the eye area or sensitive spots on your skin. I believe that&#039;s why so many people had a bad experience, you&#039;re not supposed to use a lot either and I would use an oil-free lotion also. I have no idea how this is possible but I used it one night and the next day there were no new pimples and my skin appeared clearer, it obviously didn&#039;t get rid of pimples right away but it definitely calmed my blemishes and they were so much less noticeable! Maybe it was just a coincidence but to me it felt like it worked overnight not even kidding!(if you&#039;re looking for something a little less strong use the clean and clear maximum acne cream!)"
"I used to be incapacitated during my period due to cramps and id never remember when the blood would start. This almost eliminated my cramps, lightened the flow and shortened my period. As a plus, the pill packaging makes it super easy to remember when to break out the pads. I dont think I saw any side effects but that might be because I already had headaches and nausea."
"Awful.  I lost 10 pounds in 5 weeks before I had to quit Topamax due to side effects, which were terrible.  They included:  memory loss and &quot;senior moments&quot; which increased 10-fold, I think this medicine dropped my IQ at least 15 points, that &quot;I&#039;m not part of this world&quot; feeling of disconnectedness; and overheating to the point that I simply could not work out.

Gained the 10 pounds back within 3 weeks of quitting."
"I have been using rogaine for almost a year now for my stress related hair loss and it took a while to get any results. I didn&#039;t see much until the fourth month and at that time it was little fuzzy baby hairs along the hairline. Now at 11 months my hair has grown about an inch. It&#039;s a slow process but you will see results.  My problem is the price. Its cheaper to get it at the store then online, but you have to be vigilant and look around for the lowest price (time consuming) "
"Seeing that most anti depressants take time to actually build up in your system before sustained relief occurs, I have begun taking it and thankfully have felt a decrease with many adverse symptoms of my depression. Sex drive and focus has slowly begun to amp up and I feel more at ease consistantly. I personally have had a good experience on this med. Good luck on your quests for sustained relief."
"I&#039;m 20 years old and have been taking Alesse for 2 years now. It has done wonders for my period, no cramps or bloating, period is so much lighter and manageable. I haven&#039;t had any acne problems or weight gain. My moods have been affected but I believe its only around the time I get my period. As for the tenderness of breasts, I only feel it if something accidentally hits them, other than that the pain isn&#039;t noticeable or disturbing. Another plus is the pill is extremely small and easy to swallow, I hate taking pills. I definitely recommend this pill."
"It works! It was really weird at first... make sure you are IN BED shortly after you take it or you will be subject to odd behavior/amnesia. 
"
"I was prescribed 10 mg Lexapro in March of 2009 for anxiety. It worked well as far as the anxiety was concerned but I decided to stop taking it in April 2010 because of the side effects--weight gain (I gained about 10 pounds even though I was a consistent gym rat and my diet did not change) and a pretty much non existent libido. This is NOT A MEDICINE YOU CAN JUST STOP TAKING. My doctor weaned me off by having me take 5 mg everyday for 2 weeks and then 5 mg every other day for a week. The withdrawl symptoms were not bad until I stopped taking it all together. I&#039;ve noticed I&#039;ve been easily fatigued and have constant dizziness, which seems to be worse in the mornings--hopefully it will subside soon."
"This is the ONLY thing that works on my migraines but is getting harder and harder to find a doctor who will prescribe and/or pharmacy to fill"
"I have been constipated for two weeks. My stool is small hard rocks and I have to strain alot to make that happen. I took one suppository and 15 minutes later I had the urge and was successful. 10 minutes later I feel great. I&#039;m impressed."
"Best medicine I have taken for panic disorder. Started May 17th and have not had a panic attack since. Want to start weaning off. Concerned about withdrawal symptoms."
"Age: 22 Kids: 0
I have had my Mirena for nearly three years and I love it! Insertion was painful for about a minute and I had bad cramps for a few hours afterwards but since then, nothing! It is expensive if you dont have good benefits (luckily I do!) I&#039;ve only had two &#039;periods&#039; since the day I got my Mirena and they were very light and lasted only a day or two.  Some months I get slightly crampy for a few days but this happens very rarely!  I was concerned about the Mirena migrating or turning or doing something it wasn&#039;t supposed to but have been to my gyno for annual check ups and it hasn&#039;t moved at all. I will definitely get the Mirena again when I&#039;m done having children! We NEVER have protected sex (3 years!) my husband and I both love it."
"Started off with a low dosage about  18 months ago now I am on 60 mg a day.  Feeling a lot better now.."
"I have been taking Piroxicam 20mg once daily for several years, mostly for bad knees and as a general anti-inflammatory.  I take it in the morning with breakfast.  It works very well for me, with no side effects at all.

I am very careful to always take it with food and milk, and I have my liver enzymes tested yearly.

I chose this NSAID for several reasons:  1)It is a low dosage taken once a day; 2) It appeared to have fewer gastrointestinal issues than others; 3) I cannot take Naproxen; 5) Unlike Lodine or Vioxx, it does not give me any sensation of being mentally &quot;drugged&quot;;  6) As a generic, it is EXTREMELY inexpensive (&lt; $10/100 pills)."
"I have had 22 treatments and the last one I had in March made me so sick. Going to take my next one 06.10.09, but they make me feel better."
"My experience is limited since I have only been on this medication for a few days.  I am a medical resident, diagnosed with ADHD at 32. Got sick and tired of my mediocre performance at work. Tried Straterra, Viibryd and Wellbutrin, nothing worked. Just started on Dexedrine 5mg 2-3 times a day. My first day on it, I studied all day until midnight. I was so motivated, I felt great, on top of the world, I was so driven. I noticed an immediate difference in my performance at work and it made me a nicer, less cynical. The bad thing was insomnia, teeth clenching, some nausea, decreased appetite and the drop in my mood once it wore off. I am worried about intolerance which is driving up my anxiety level. "
"Every woman is different I understand.
IMO and five months on this pill it has more cons then pros for my body. Main being vomiting every day while taking it, nausea, gas, mood swings and anxiety that feels so much like panic attacks. I gain so much weight, which I don&#039;t mind. But the vomiting is getting out of hand that I puked so hard I bled a bit. Taking this kinda makes me personally paranoid in taking any birth control..."
"I have had insomnia for a while now and was prescribed Trazodone 50mg about 8 months ago. This stuff knocks me out within 2 hours. Unfortunately, it is doing nothing for my anxiety and depression."
"I broke my back in 2000 and I&#039;ve had several compression fractures since then and now have developed osteophytes, I was in pain every day and couldn&#039;t work, so ended up on disability. I recently started Morphine ER and it has worked wonders, and I no longer need to take 8-12 pills a day like I used to, It&#039;s been a God send. I can get around much better and am relatively pain free. I don&#039;t get drowsy or dizzy, in fact I don&#039;t seem to have any side effects. My quality of life has improved significantly since I started this new medication. Thank goodness my Doctor decided to try this, I will admit, after dealing with this for so long I had lost hope it would get any better. I wish I had known about this years ago, better late than never."
"I went on this kicking and screaming. Very skeptical. It saved my life. Minimal withdrawal from 6mg - 1mg. Only symptoms from 1 - 0mg were insomnia, sneezed &amp; RLS at night, with SLIGHT agitation. Could have been a cold. NO rebound opiate depression &amp; no other symptoms. Sleep normal within 1 week. "
"This is the only birth control that doesn&#039;t make me crazy. It does take at least 3 months for your body to get used to it and you have to take it at the exact time to prevent spotting and/or breakthrough bleeding. I don&#039;t gain any weight while on it and it clears up my acne. Once my body became used to it, my periods were not painful, lighter and shorter. Everyone is different but the key with this one is you must take it on time!!"
"I was diagnosed in February 2001 with no symptoms at all. I went for a voluntary test and got the shock of my life. I was classified as a slow progresser for 15 years without treatment. My viral load was 900 in June 2015 and 425 cd4.  In December 2015 viral load went up to 2020 and that was the highest its ever been in 16 years and  cd4 400.  My doctor suggested I start medication as it was never going to come down on its own but will continue going up. That got me scared but didn&#039;t want things to get worse and I had to take control,so after nearly 16 years, I started taking stribild on 22/12/15.  After 6 weeks I had an undetected viral load. I have had no side effects whatsoever and I&#039;m still undetected and feel happier that i&#039;m in control"
"I stopped using the cream after the 4th day. I have followed the instructions to a T. Applied a minimal amount and rubbed it into the wart until it was gone, made sure that I did not apply it to normal skin. The cream actually burned through part of the wart and burned the epidermis so I&#039;ve had to stop using the cream as it can not be applied to broken skin. The fingers that I used to apply the cream have experienced nerve pain and burning sensations similar to those I experienced where I applied the cream on the wart. I had hesitations about using this cream, however, at least I can say that I have tried it. I am going to stick to liquid nitrogen, the least painful form of treatment for me out of all the medical treatments I&#039;ve tried."
"I take it for severe lower back pain. I have to take the maximum dose of 400 mg a day and you must take it on a regular basis every four hours and you may not feel the full effect unless you&#039;ve been taking it consistently.    I am 50 years old very active and travel often the only side effect that I have is constipation if I don&#039;t take it on time my body tells me because then the pain reoccurs within 10 minutes of taking tramadol I feel fine"
"I&#039;ve been using this for almost a month and my skin is extremely sensitive, red, and is peeling like crazy. When I began using this my skin broke out like crazy as well. I start school in 3 days and I am so embarrassed."
"Always do research before putting anything in your body.

My doctor said it was safe with no symptoms except heavy periods which were crazy heavy!

The actual procedure isn&#039;t bad. However, I had extreme hip pain for weeks afterwards. My stomach was always bloated and depending on how I moved, I would get a sharp pain in my lower stomach.

I had extreme anxiety and depression. I couldn&#039;t sleep and I was tired all the time. I had to take sleeping pills. And holy mood swings! I cried because I ran out of hot water in the shower... The worse part was my hair falling out in clumps!!! After 2 1/2 months I was done. 

I&#039;ve been off of it for a month and I feel so much better. My mood is better, no pain, and I&#039;m able to sleep without pills."
"I have been on the Nuvaring for 2 1/2 years and have decided to go off it this month. Let me state, I know correlation does not (always) equal causation. I will write back in a few months to see if my issues have cleared up! No mood swings for me or weight gain/loss but....

I have decided to go off due to the following: 

1. Never had a sinus infection in my life prior to the ring. The past 2 years I have gotten chronic sinus infections, and apparently this is a common side effect (who knew??)  
2. I can&#039;t deal with the discharge anymore, its like I have to wear a tampon all the time.  
3. Began to develop major digestive and bloating issues/water retention. 
4. My sex drive is virtually gone now. (Defeats the purpose don&#039;t you think?)"
"I had my illegal IUD inserted about 2 weeks ago so far, and I am not as happy with it as I had hoped, but it&#039;s still very early on. The insertion was a breeze compared to how the last two weeks have been. I have has severe pressure/cramping/soreness and even sharp pinching pain in my ovary area to the point I couldn&#039;t sleep on my stomach. Then when I had intercourse for the first time since having it inserted everything was fine until we were in a certain position and I let you the most blood curtailing scream, I have no idea what happened with the IUD but I&#039;m 100 percent sure he must have put pressure on it in a certain way it pinched inside of me so bad i have to say it ruined the moment.ive have light spotting ever since the insertion."
"I was hesitant to take this, but a persistent cough and chronic bronchitis that was well into week 9 left me little choice.  I am typically sensitive to most medications.  Especially stimulants which is why I was so hesitant.  However - I noticed a near immediate suppression of my coughing attacks which would leave me breathless and gasping to the point I was almost vomitting.  It took about 30 mins but I noticed it, and will be taking this again in the future if I have an option to!"
"Well, I just got the Mirena March 20, 2015. The insertion hurt so bad (I guess its because I have no kids). I&#039;m 18 and right afterwards I began to bleed. I bleed off and on for three days and now, March 26, I&#039;m having light bleeding. I came on my period three days ago and had terrible cramps. From the look of it though, I may be bleeding for 2-3 months. I just hopes it gets better! Thank you all!"
"This medication worked wonders for me and I felt quite good on this medication. The problem lies with the side effects. Unbeknownst to me for many months was that it increased my prolactin levels which caused my breasts to grow and menstrual cycle to be off. High prolactin is harmful in the long run and my breasts never returned to their previous size (although maybe some of you ladies would be happy about it. I also gained a few pounds on Risperdal but nothing ridiculous."
"Prescribe Losartan March 4th, 2014. Atenolol 50mg before that for the past 20  years just wouldn&#039;t get my pressure below 140/85. Within 1 day of starting this medication I casually commented to my wife that I felt like I had been beaten up. I couldn&#039;t for the life of me figure out why I felt so stiff and sore. The past three days I have felt like my heart is coming out of my chest. Complete loss of appetite. March 7th today and I called my Physician&#039;s office and told the receptionist what I was dealing with and explained I would no longer take the medication. This was my first visit to this particular Doctor due to relocating. Expecting a call tomorrow and hopefully go back to Atenolol with a higher dosage."
"Since I started an Advair diskus regime many years ago - I rarely have to use my rescue inhalers.  In fact I lose more of them than I use.  The only negative is the cost - over $200 for a month&#039;s supply - that wasn&#039;t a big issue when I had a sweet low copay but all that has changed since the Affordable Healthcare Act (A nice oxymoron there !).  I was surprised to see Advair (actually under a different name, but still GSK&#039;s product) in Belize at just $55USD for the same dosage.  Can&#039;t wait for generics to hit the market."
"I used Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo for about a year and a half. It worked pretty well in that I did not get pregnant and did not experience any harsh side effects. (On previous Birth Controls, I experienced sore and enlarged breasts, extremely decreased sex drive, and difficulty even responding to sexual anything). However, I did have more vaginal fluid than I was comfortable with and the fluid also had a different/weird odor. It helped my skin dramatically for the first couple of months, but after that it only helped some. My period was lighter and shorter on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, so that was a plus! No weight gain, no moodiness. On the whole, I&#039;d say it was a successful birth control experience."
"Bought monistat 7
For those who can not tolerate the burning sensation inside your hooha this isn&#039;t for you but overall we all just want to get rid of that YI so I highly recommend the product. 

My experience was the First night I&#039;ve used the product felt like I&#039;m burning in hell and dying, in tears, so I forced myself to sleep then the next morning I didn&#039;t feel any itch..I made it through the day feeling good.. just that I still need to finish the whole medication and run its course just to clear it out."
"I got my Skyla put in 4 weeks ago. 23 years old. I am writing on here because I thought many reviews I read were very misleading, and I was very nervous beforehand, which I realize was not necessary.

First things first: Everyone&#039;s body is different! Some people are bound to have different experiences - so take every review with a grain of salt.

Insertion felt like a pretty severe cramp for about 5 minutes, but nothing that bad. Take Ibuprofen an hour before. I spotted for 2 weeks after, nothing serious. I have been getting random stomach pains / cramps -- maybe 1/2 times a week. Nothing too severe, its just caught me off guard.

I will write again in a few months, but as of right now, very happy with it."
"I use birth control mainly because I have irregular periods. I switched from the Nuvaring (not sure if the bad mood swings, multiple yeast/UTI infections, and INSANELY low sex drive were because of the ring or because of a really bad relationship), and it&#039;s been great. I really dislike the 3 hour window (I forget pills). But I&#039;m giving it a 9 because I haven&#039;t had ANY of the side effects that tend to come with other methods. I feel really great and aside from light spotting, I can&#039;t really tell that I&#039;m on the pill. If you don&#039;t mind using backup methods with sex then it could be really awesome to use."
"I felt like I had to review this because I almost didn&#039;t start it since all the reviews were truly horrifying. I have been on depo for a few years and so have two of my best friends. We all absolutely love it. I haven&#039;t had a period since the first shot. I never experienced any weight gain or hormonal changes. Best of all, My bleeding and cramps from hell finally went away. I started taking this not for birth control, but to get rid of my extremely painful periods that started all the sudden once I turned 30. 

I&#039;m not saying don&#039;t believe the horror stories, just remember, people usually only review when they have bad experiences. I like this way better than the pill and I don&#039;t have to take it everyday."
"Prior to getting on the aropax 12.5 I started having anxiety symptoms from nowhere. The meds have improved my quality of life quite a bit."
"Trying to get this medication from my Pharmacy because it works so well but I&#039;m not able to because it cost $1,900 and I&#039;m so sick and tired of getting the runaround"
"Saxenda did not work for me. I actually gained weight and was never not hungry. I am an overweight type 1 1/2 diabetic. Hoping for a miracle, I starting using Saxenda. Right from the  beginning, it did nothing to curb my hunger. 

So after a $500 co-pay, $200 doctor visit and issues with my deductible, a 90-day supply cost me $ 1,900. Seems like a serious cash cow for all involved especially people who never experienced obesity."
"I am taking Zoloft 50 mg since more than 10 years, to deal with depression. My only problem is that I get SLEEP FULL OF DREAMS ONLY. My Doctors have tried a lot by giving many different sleeping medications, but all in vain.

I have come across a couple of patients with the same problem.

In case any of you have faced the same problem, please share your experience. If you have been able to solve this problem (of sleep full of dreams), please let me know how.
Thanks."
"Here is a case of big pharma at its finest. $197 for a .5 ml bottle. Doc gave me two bottles sample. One was empty, one lasted a month. Same size. The one I purchased had TWO drops in it!! My insurance stopped covering it at the first of the year. I will never buy this again. I&#039;m not sure it works for my condition, anyway as symptoms have not cleared up. Don&#039;t buy this."
"Had a Major Heart Attack, 3 stents, thank heavens no heart damage!
This medication keeps my blood pumping great and heart relaxed. No side effects for 5 years I know of."
"The pain patch works well for me as I am disabled and don&#039;t work. I do have a problem with excessive sweating and keeping the patch on for 48 hours. The best thing I have used for keeping the patches on is BENZOIN TINCTURE. This works great for me when nothing else worked. My doctor recommended I try it and boy, I&#039;m glad I did! Can be found in any pharmacy for around $5.00."
"Took phentermine 37.5 for 8 weeks and lost 21lbs. My doctor has me on a 4 week break and then I can start the cycle again. Need to lose 50lbs more. Minimal side effects."
"I didn&#039;t have acne but would get clusters of pimples and once I started using this and not touching my face, my face has cleared up completely"
"This works GREAT! I would recommend it to anyone. I love how I have to keep taking Xanax throughout the day. I&#039;ve been taking it for 3 months now."
"Hi everyone, I was recently put on fluextine 20mg . I started with 10mg for one week then for the last 2 weeks I&#039;ve taken 20mg at bedtime. 
I feel very anxious , agitated in the mornings and wake up with dry mouth and feel n&aacute;useated. 
Has any one had this experience, and how long where you on it when you started feeling better less anxious. 
I take hydroxizine 25 mg at bedtime too , and Pepcid . 

Thanks !"
"Starting on Saxenda about 8 months ago at 195lbs.   I am down to 140!   Couldn&#039;t be happier, although I am a little nervous about my appetite increase when I stop shortly."
"This was well worth doing. I initially did my face and a year later am back doing my scalp to finish the process - should have done it all at once. It completely removed all brown spots and left my skin looking 15 years younger. It took three weeks before my skin started &quot;smoldering&quot; but it wasn&#039;t more painful than a sunburn. Looked very red and I worked from home for about a week. This worked beyond my dermatologist&#039;s and my best case scenario. Awesome!"
"I have just finished my first month of Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo. Before starting this pill my Dr. put me on Lo Loestrin Fe. I had the WORST time with that pill. I bleed the entire month, heavy for the most part. I was extremely moody and tired all the time and to top it off I got the yeast infection from hell. I couldn&#039;t stay on it anymore. When I found out about Ortho TriCyclen Lo I read a lot of reviews and was scared to death to start taking this. There were TONS of negative things said about this pill. I honestly have to say that this pill is great. It feels like your not taking anything. I just started my period, and its light. I do have some cramps, but its nothing extreme. I would suggest this pill to anyone. The only bad thing about it is that it is expensive."
"I have had various SSRI&#039;s and etc - nothing worked. Just gone on 2.5mg ativan and feel it has saved my life. Seems I had crippling anxiety without being aware of it, as no panic attacks etc. So there are some people with bad experiences,  but do not generalise."
"I tried this medication but after about 3 weeks the side effects were too much for me I had pain in my liver so I stopped. There are other solutions but beware if you use google you are going to end up on a wild goose chase of fake reviews from non medical professionals trying to sell you junk. Many sites will disguise themselfs often citing clinical trials to make them look convincing.
Then it dawned on me to search pubmed.gov, this is the website where official clinical trials results are shared. Search for the terms &quot;toenail fungus&quot; or &quot;Onychomycosis&quot;.

I don&#039;t have a cure yet as I&#039;m still reading up but once you&#039;ve found the active ingredient you can then search for products containing it. Ignore ALL reviews from members of the public."
"I have been having yeast infections off and on for about a year and a half now. I haven&#039;t had one since February, but when I got those very familiar  symptoms I did what I normally do. Get the doctor to prescribe diflucan or fluconazole and take Monistat as an extra measure. I normally always get the 1 or 3 day pack with the little pill like insert, this time my mom bought me the 7 day with the cream instead of the pill. WORST VAGINAL EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE 23 YEARS OF LIFE! Immediately after inserting the Monistat I began itching terribly and it would not go away!!! I was running around my apartment like a crazy woman. I sat in warm water, tried to dig the cream out with a wash towel,"
"I have been on Portia for over a year it has made me lose weight and caused me to have crazy mood-swings. i got two benefits from the pill which is weight loss and definitely did not get pregnant. This pill works really good for me and I will continue using it until I&#039;m ready to have a child in the future."
"Wicked awesome. Works wonders. "
"I am on 1mg of it 2x a day as needed for panic attacks, and it takes the edge off, but it does not fully calm down everything, it also helps me sleep well."
"So I took Ella one just before 48 hours of unprotected sex, my period was due on the 25th, which was about 2+ weeks later on, so I waited, but when the 25th came, no period, naturally was very very panicked, and after a few days there was still nothing, took a pregnancy test and the first one didn&#039;t work, which again was worrying, but the second one came back that I wasn&#039;t pregnant, which was a big relief! Just come on my period now, which is the 30th. Honestly, try not to worry too much and stay calm, it&#039;s more than likely that this has worked!"
"I still have minor anxiety and depression...but wow my life got changed"
"Date: 07-08-2016...Re Valium: I have been taking Valium for the past three years as I suffer from Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I very seldom take Valium. Like, 4 mg a week or 4 mg twice a week or I can go a month without taking it.  It is very subtle, it will start working after 20 minutes which has been my experience.  Valium does melt my anxiety and panicky feelings away even at 4 mg. After taking it, I would feel like my old self.  I tried to score it by 2 mg; however, it is not effective.  I think those who try it the first time should go 4 mg or 5 mg. I am also taking an SSRI for my anxiety condition.  SSRI is not perfect. 
Some days are tough so I tough it out by not taking a Valium. If you don&#039;t abuse it, you can take it for life."
"Prednisone is excellent for killing gout inflammation and pain.  I have tried colchicine and had no relief, but prednisone works within hours.  One or two doses is usually enough if taken at first sign of pain.  The only side effect is it sends sugar readings high for a day or perhaps two if you need to continue taking it.  After a few days it brings the sugar readings down quite low.  For me its great - use it."
"My new OBGYN surgeon suggested this as a last ditch effort before I get a hysterectomy for non stop bleeding for the last two years (not from fibroids, uterus with almost no lining).  This is EXTREMELY PAINFUL!  If you&#039;ve ever had a biopsy in your uterus, just imagine having biopsy&#039;s all night long after you get this inserted.  I was NOT prepared for this and maybe it&#039;s just my body.  But I can tell you that half my body is tattooed and have a very HIGH pain tolerance.  Tattooing is like a day at the spa compared to the pain of this IUD.  I was so close to going to the ER last night.  It&#039;s day no# 2 and I&#039;m still in a lot of constant pain and had to call into work sick.  Please head my warning before getting this foreign object inserted!"
"I tried Belviq for Two weeks great med but no insurance will cover it. Coupons only 20 % out of pocket  $265.00 for just for 1 a day dose."
"I have taken 60mg for 20 years. Three weeks ago my Dr. dropped the dosage to 30 mg. I had some hateful and days of crying. Now that passed but my feet and legs and lower back hurt so bad I can barely walk. Is this normal and would it stop if I took 60 again."
"I am getting ready to end my 3rd month on the nuvaring... I used to be on BeYaz but couldn&#039;t stand the mood alteration and it was making my anxiety levels very high.  When I went off of it my acne (which was nonexistent before) popped up like crazy! My gyno recommended the nuvaring because unlike the pill where you get one high dose of hormones, the ring gives you a continuous dose of hormones.  Here is a list of my pros/cons for the ring.
pros: no mood alteration at all, no weight gain that I can tell, not pregnant 
cons: discharge, you can feel it, I got a UTI within the first month of using it, your partner can feel it during sex, its difficult to get wet, and it doesn&#039;t help with acne at all"
"My husband and I didn&#039;t believe in ADD. My child&#039;s doctor said that he would only medicate if my child&#039;s grades were suffering.  We postponed medication until my son was in the 5th grade and grades started plummeting. He is not hyper or misbehaved but has difficulty focusing, completing tasks and becoming overwhelmed.  We tried other medicines, but Daytrana was for us.  No fuss to take medicines.  No sudden drop in mood. No depression.  The only drawback was itchy skin, but he overcame this and difficulty removing the backing, but overtime this becomes easier. I would recommend this. Do not give up on your child.  ADD is real!"
"This medicine makes my brain work right. "
"I&#039;ve been on this pill for about a month now. I&#039;ve been bleeding since the first day I started it. I&#039;m now up to my placebo pills which I&#039;m just going to take. I&#039;m hoping my body adjusts soon because the bleeding/spotting is quite aggravating. I&#039;ve been moody, but I&#039;m a generally moody person and would have to wait it out to say it&#039;s the pill doing it. My appetite has actually decreased, which is something I wasn&#039;t expecting at all. Other than the bleeding, no complaints on this pill this far."
"I was on 10mg of Paxil for the first time in my life and it increased my anxiety so bad I missed work went off and I felt good for a week now I&#039;m back to feeling bad and missing more work. I might try Prozac but very nervous."
"Works awesome but the diarrhea was terrifying"
"My doctor prescribed Buspar for anxiety.  I have been taking this for 4 weeks and I am concerned because I read from some of the comments that this is prescribed for short term use.  It really is working for me and the thought of not taking it terrifies me."
"I started taking Zoloft when I was 16. I was sent to the hospital twice for suicidal actions and my doctors upped my initial dose from 25mg to 200mg. I was supposed to go up to 300mg but I was really sick of the dosage being upped and nothing happening. To be completely honest, it took 2-3 months to kick in for me. I&#039;ve been diagnosed with psychotic depression/possibly schizophrenia spectrum. Now that the medicine has had some time to work into my system, I&#039;ve felt much better. Not 100% my old self, but capable of functioning and taking care of myself. I wasn&#039;t able to get out of bed for days on end at my worst. The side effects are totally manageable and worth it. My psychosis apparently calms down when I&#039;m feeling less down which is a relief."
"I have had the Implanon birth control for over a year and I have no complaints about not having a period or losing weight. This is truly the best choice I think I have made as a mother of one, and being only 20 years old the long term birth control was the route for me."
"This medicine makes me feel tired, but won&#039;t let me sleep due to jittery feeling.  This is not a good medicine for sleep.  Have to turn over about every five minutes to get rid of jittery feeling.  This medicine should not be taken for sleep at all."
"Like the many others that have written responses, I have been using Lidoderm patches for many years.  I began with the Brand Name and then CVS switched to the generic by ENDO.  If you can find this generic it works just like the original.  But recently they switched to the newly developed generic by Mylan.  Do not waste your money. They are highly ineffective.  Difficult to separate from the plastic and very stiff un-maleable.  Once applied the stiffness causes them to lift up, beginning with the corners and pretty soon the whole patch releases.  Obviously the adhesive doesn&#039;t work either.  I can&#039;t get them to stay on long enough to see if they even work - no where the recommended 12 hours which I have had no problem with on others!"
"This medication made me really down . It was completely ineffective for my neuropathy. I would highly recommend that no one take this medication."
"I guess it is working great to relieve the possibility of clots, for I have no sign of a clot returning. However, I am covered in bruises and my stomach is knots more, I feel bloated and uncomfortable. I am unable to drink even a small amount of coffee in the morning, even a few hours after having taken the dose. That being said, I have to take it for at least a year after my heart attack, so I guess I have to deal with these side effects."
"It has been almost 6 months since my shot and I have been on my period the whole time. I gained 45 pounds and I was the most depressed I&#039;ve ever been. I went insane with mood swings, my already bad pain got worse, and I had head splitting migraines among other things. I don&#039;t recommend it to anyone. It should come with a prescription for Xanax and some weight loss pills to try to stay on top of things."
"This drug Killed my Father. He was put on it for his AFIB and 1 month &amp; 1 week later he died. He was admitted to the Hospital and never got out. His condition worsened over the hospital stay. His lungs were toxic, kidney failure and put on a machine to breathe. Eventually his body couldn&#039;t take it any longer."
"I wrote my first report in Mid-October of 2014.  I have not had any alcohol at all since that post, have reduced my dosage to 1 pill first thing in the morning.  I am a very social person, and entertained a great deal.  I was very very worried that I would relapse if faced with the availability of alcohol.  I have sailed through all my seasonal parties, early spring get togethers and weekly &quot;wings and beer&quot; with friends with not one slip.  My husband and daughter are huge supporters.  As I write this, I have various wines and liquors in my cabinet - serve to guests - and have no interest at all in consuming booze in any form.  Again, I state that Campral saved my life."
"It has changed my life. I have been taking 20 to 40 mg for about 2 years. I was feeling so good for so long, that I thought I&#039;d be fine without it and stopped taking it..... Within 2 months, I had fallen back into a horrible depression. I then started taking the medication again, feeling much better, no crying, within a week. And feeling great again within a month or 2. I have felt some of the side effects, insomnia being the worst, but not bad compared to how much better I feel."
"Prescribed for intense itching of the forearms caused by nerve damage at the C5-6 level. 300mg 3x per day for 3 months. Took approximately two weeks to reach maximum effectiveness and completely blocks the itch that nothing else could stop. Only drawback is possibly some un-before-known mild brain-fog/mental fatigue: difficulty expressing a thought because the appropriate (common) word escapes me, difficulty with information recall (short term memory), &quot;spacing out&quot;. The initial sleepiness experienced when taking a dose passed within a few weeks. Other than appearing as, and feeling like, an occasional &quot;airhead&quot;, this medication has been a tremendous asset."
"Morning before eat two waffles organic with syrup and a coffee with 1/2 milk1/2 coffee Gatorade the rest of day frost cherry 6pm Tasted ok grape flavor mixed with water. Pooed in 15 minutes then every 15 minutes for four to 5 hours. Went to bed, morning prep 2nd bottle 4 am."
"I took 3 tabs a day and it didn&#039;t do a damn thing for me. Hugely disappointed."
"I started Orthro Evra about 3 months ago. Let me just say, it has changed my life for the better. One, my period is more light and short. My sex drive has went up. I have put on a little weight. But, to me it&#039;s good weight. My breasts have increased from a C cup to a DD! I&#039;m not complaining there! The only complaint that I have had, is one patch did come off. I noticed right away and put on a new patch. Nothing to worry about. This was my first birth control method, so I can&#039;t compare it to other forms but, I honestly love it and will continue to use it."
"I have been a long time sufferer of migraines for 21 years on my life, and I am 40 so half of my life. I have been on many many daily meds and meds to take to help with the pain to heavy narcotics.  This is the ONLY inject able that helps with my migraines.  I try my normal thing of IB Profin and a benadryl and if that does not work after a few hours I use Sumavel DosePro and with in 10 minutes, 90 % of the time I am migraine free and ready to go though my day. This works for onsets to walking up with a full blown migraine."
"I&#039;m 21 and I got the nexaplon Around December of 2015. Insertion was okay he numbed it so I didn&#039;t feel a thing. Everything was fine, my period started the beginning of January for like a week. First few weeks sex was painful &amp; EVERY time me and my boyfriend would have sex, I would bleed for about 2-3 days following.  And ever since January 18,2016 I HAVE BEEN BLEEDING SINCE. 3 months without sex and I&#039;m going crazy lol. I know it takes awhile for your body to adjust to hormones and whatever but this is extreme and I&#039;m actually getting it removed to get the mirena IUD. Hopefully I have a better experience with it. I was on the pill for about 5 years but the estrogen give me migraines."
"In 6 weeks from first using Axiron, my levels went from 236 to 375. No bad. To the people talking about testicular shrinkage - ask your doctor about HCG shots. I start them on Monday and they are supposed to totally alleviate that issue. I will report back after a month and let you know the results. Supposedly 30 days (once a day) is all it takes for most people to get them back to normal. You give them to yourself in the stomach. It isn&#039;t hard, I tested it with my doctor using some vitamin B."
"Seroquel was prescribed for sleep disorder and it works just fine without any hangover the next morning"
"When I turned 30 my acne became much more cystic and spread to my neck, chest, and back. My bacne was so bad it hurt to take a shower. Within 3 weeks of starting Claravis (30mg daily), I started to experience dry skin and lips. Over the months, I developed rashes on my hands and arms due to dry skin. I had several nose bleeds and dry eyes, but was able to remedy all the dryness with lip balm, saline solution, and various lotions/moisturizers. I also became thirsty all the time, but this began to subside going into my 4th month. The dryness was a very small price to pay for the AMAZING results. My face, neck, chest, and back are almost 100% CLEAR!!! I didn&#039;t have any other side effects and my ONLY regret is not taking this medication sooner!"
"This medicine has changed my life.  I have energy for my family and friends, I&#039;m much more focused, less irritable, and less anxious.  My doctor tapered my onto the medication so I didn&#039;t experience the sleeplessness many have."
"I was bleeding for 10 days and it got crazy heavy. I went to the doctor and she prescribed 30mg/ day for 7 days and then taper down to 20 for 7 day, then 10 for 7 days. This seems really crazy!  Has anyone ever heard of this dose being prescribed?"
"Good."
"Causes extremely bad cramping, and doesn&#039;t Always work"
"Relieve the pain in the joints in my wrists and hands, it was debilitating before my doctor put me on Cymbalta."
"I&#039;m 21 weeks pregnant and I got a year infection by antibiotics and was told by my obgyn to get monistat 7. I am on my 4th day and it burns like hell. I can&#039;t sleep my baby is moving around so much more then normal and the burning won&#039;t go away! I took a shower and have whiped down there with a cold wet soapy wash cloth. It has slowly gotten better but I am calling my doctor as soon as they open tomorrow! I will never but this brand ever again!!!!!!"
"I was on Celexa but still felt depressed (I have anxiety as well and Celexa was taking care of that), so I was prescribed bupropion. I was on 150mg and felt no change, so my psychiatrist had me drop the Celexa completely and take 300mg of Wellbutrin. I reacted badly to dropping the Celexa and had the worst anxiety of my life for two days. He put me back on the Celexa with the Wellbutrin, but I never felt a change. So, off of it I went."
"Just started hysingla er 30mg but with norco 10\325. The pain Dr and I have been trying several IR and ER pain relief medicines.  I have chronic pain after back surgery l5-l3, plus fibro and arthritis. So I hurt from head to toe literally. I won&#039;t give up norco until I know new meds work. That&#039;s our agreement.  I have had only 3 days on hysingla. I tried mornings but it kept me up that nite so switched to 9pm I think it peaks about 10-12hrs in. I sleep ok. I need to be able move normal again during day! I really can&#039;t tell I&#039;m taking it as I&#039;m still taking norco every 4 hrs. They&#039;re not great either but least it works somewhat on back pain. I noticed on the 2nd day I&#039;m starting to itch.  If it doesn&#039;t let up I&#039;ll have call Dr office for something else. I hope not I&#039;d like to give full month trial. May be it is too low dose for me."
"I had taken Lisinopril for 5-6 years with no obvious side effects that caused me problems.  Until 2 years ago, one morning I woke with a very obvious, very swollen eye.  An ophthalmologist reported that I had gotten something in my eye and gave me eye drops.  About 2 weeks later, the same thing occurred with my eye more swollen.  I had an appointment with a new endocrinologist that day and decided to go to the ophthalmologist after that appointment.  On meeting the new doctor, he immediately requested my list of medications and diagnosed the Lisinopril as the cause."
"This medication is the best antidepressant I have taken and believe me I&#039;ve tried them all! Works fast, in 5 days I felt normal. I had to go off it due to loss of medical benefits and I had no bad side effects. I started taking it again and felt normal again in 5 days. I&#039;ve been on it now 3 yrs straight and it keeps working just as well as it did when I started."
"i just started this a few days ago. I am newly 17 years old, and I&#039;ve had acne for four years mild/moderate. I tried epidou for a year and it never really worked good when it was most &quot;effective&quot; so i decided to go back to the dermo and he prescribed me this medication i apply it twice a day on my whole face,chest,and back and I&#039;ve seen improvement already my skin is purging but i see my face clearing day by day. I am less oily i feel. i typically have bad acne on my chin and forehead and its already clearing...im excited to see my face clear completely!"
"This drug killed my thyroid.  You should also be screened heavily for certain blood illnesses before taking and monitor your liver and kidneys.  A VERY poisonous drug."
"I tell ya. The differin gel I was prescribed at the dermatologist, worked great. But the differin gel that is now available in stores, like walmart. HORRIBLE. Not the same at all. Different color as well. 12 dollars down the drain."
"If you&#039;re having problems with oily farts then you&#039;re not following the recommendation of a reduced fat diet! That oil is fat your body isn&#039;t absorbing, anytime it starts happening to me it&#039;s my reminder I need to watch what I eat!!  I also have IBS I now have regular BMs and haven&#039;t been as bloated. Also my appetite isn&#039;t as strong where I&#039;m binge eating and I&#039;m not craving junk food as much."
"I suffered from prolonged depression for most of my adult life with no relief until Nardil was introduced to me. I have been taking a daily dosage of Nardil for over 10 years and it has helped me enormously."
"I am 54 and weigh 211, never been so heavy!  If only I was 6 foot tall vs 5&#039;5&quot; wouldn&#039;t be quite so discouraging. 
Second day on meds. No nausea, although I took 1/2 of a Dramamine with the 1 Contrave yesterday and took it with two saltines this morning.  Feel a bit sluggish and a bit of a fog but that&#039;s it thus far. See what the next 5 days brings, so far so good. Hope it works and that I will exercise and watch what I eat. Good luck to all, it is an uphill battle worth fighting."
"I absolutely love Nexplanon. I got it inserted in July 2013. Since then I have one extremely light period that lasted two days. I have no experience weight gain. I have always had very little acne and Nexplanon did not cause my acne to increase. I also haven&#039;t experienced a changes in moodiness. I recommend Nexplanon to my friends all the time. I also have a friend that has it and she really likes it although she has experienced some weight gain. I am very surprised so many people have had such a terrible experience. If you are considering getting Nexplanon do not let these horror stories scare you away. Everyone has a different experience so you&#039;ll have to see if it&#039;s a good birth control option for you."
"I was on a 16 week course with 30mg/day the first month &amp; then 50mg/day the remainder of the time. At first it got a lot better, then it got a lot worse - which is to be expected. It took so long as to the 14th week to really see a big change and now I&#039;ve just finished the full 16 weeks and my skin is better than ever. There are still some spots that need to be healed but other than that I&#039;m amazed. 
My doctor explained to me that the medication keeps working in your body for 8 weeks after you&#039;ve stopped taking the pills &amp; when you&#039;re on them some people&#039;s skin is so sensitive it&#039;s like glass &amp; therefore for some people the pills really work its wonders after you&#039;ve stopped them. So DON&#039;T give up. Also, Aquaphor is lifesaver for dry lips."
"i promised myself if it worked, I&#039;d write a review for all the ladies freaking out. personally, the condom had slipped off inside of me and was stuck in there for a bit. I took plan b within the hour and I had minor side effects. my period was a day or two late but for the most part perfectly fine. the whole time I was worried because the side effects make you feel like you&#039;re pregnant and i kept reading stuff online. trust the pill! It&#039;ll be nerve wrecking but just follow the instructions and be patient!"
"I was scared to start regimen about all the horror stories of HIV medication side effects. I have been on Complera for two weeks and have NO side effects. I was experiencing oral problems before that was due to HIV infection. I can&#039;t wait to get my labs back after starting regimen. I feel so much better."
"Worked for me.  I&#039;ve been nicotine free since August 1, 2010"
"I had planned to write a lot more but it doesn&#039;t allow it. I had some devastating hormonal acne all around my jawline/neck area, basically the same area where a man would have a beard. I was never interested in taking Accutane due to the side effects but did some research and found Spironolactone *Aldactone as an apparent successful treatment. I&#039;ve been taking it for 10 months now and my skin has never been better. I still get occasional pimples but I&#039;m thankful for the drastic change. I started on 50mg ED for two weeks then upped it to 100mg ED for about 6 months or so and now I take a tablet (100mg) once to twice a week. I recommend it for anyone you legitimately has deep cystic hormonal acne that is on your face where a beard would grow."
"The pill started great until everytime I take it I want to vomit all the time. Practically, had the experience of a pregnant woman. I gained weight, was expected and had terrible headaches don&#039;t go away for hours. Impossible to sleep without wanting to vomit. I&#039;ve been having emotional problems feeling depressed and crying without reason."
"I call this my miracle. It saved my sanity. We weren&#039;t having success with anything! Wow! Love this patch! Young girl went from running around the house getting into one thing after another, to finally being able to sit down and play video games. Side effects-she could just peel it off!  Itching where applied, seems to subside the longer you wear it. Gets red, irritated in that spot. Alternate hips. NO APPETITE until medicine wore off. I served breakfast at 4am to get 3 meals a day. Dinner 1 1/2 - 2 hours after removing patch and lunch if you want to call it that around 8am. It was worth it to me to save my sanity. Patch does take 2 hrs to kick in. Lasts well over an hour after you remove it. Left on longer than recommended on many occasions."
"I took Plan B 5 hours after having sex. The Condom broke while I was having sex and I didn&#039;t even know it and I was really scared. So I went to CVS and got the pill. It might cost a lot but it was worth it. Thank God for this. It&#039;s a life saver. Lord knows I can&#039;t raise no kids at this age."
"Might try this one again someday.  Was on it 3 weeks.  Sleep started off OK but got worse with time along with feeling more anxious and exhausted each day.  3rd week, I&#039;m lying in bed and start to panic.  Try to get up and collapse on the floor.  My brain felt like it was being lightly electrocuted.  Broken sleep and nightmares the rest of the night.  Next day around 3pm, I started to feel better.  Great even and slept great that night but the night before freaked me out so much I swore to never take it again.  Withdrawals were horrific.  Worst thing I ever experienced.  Still, that one day and night was amazing and think it might have been the one if I stuck it out another day or 2.  Weird reactions, I know.  It works great for my dad."
"If i could i would give this a 0. i was put on Effexor for anxiety, the little depression that i had and i was told by my doctor that it would help with nausea. All was fine for a while, but when i ran out of the pills i would get very violently ill and could barely see straight. Effexor messed with me emotionally, it made me more depressed and had a opposite effect on me. NOW getting off the pills was the worst. it took 6 months from 150mg to 0. brain zaps, could barely walk in a straight line, walls would be moving and feeling sick 24/7. My advise to anyone is take Effexor with caution and just remember your body will become dependent on Effexor."
"36 year old female diagnosed last year. I did not want medication, but fearing I&#039;d lose my job from symptoms, talked to my doctor and gave Strattera a try. Been on it a month. Can see major improvements in concentration, getting things done, not jumping from one thing to another constantly. I&#039;m also a calmer, less anxious version of myself, more patient mother. Things don&#039;t seem to bother me as much! My head is quiet. For side effects the first 2 days were bad - chills, tingling/current sensation on my scalp, upper back and neck and numb arms, drowsy. My doctor told me not to quit, so glad I did! No constipation or trouble urinating. Still get occasional chills and scalp tingling, low appetite (good cause I was overeating!). Hope it lasts!"
"I had unprotected sex with my partner on my ovulation day and he pulled out before ejucalation but I was scared of pre-cum so I took Aftera 12 hours later. The side effects are  crazy. I had VERY BAD mood swings and painful cramps for almost a week. Lost my appetite completely. Then suddenly all the side effects went away and got my period today (3 days earlier than the expected date). I took plan B before but the side effects were not as bad as this one ! 
My partner did not finish inside me so I&#039;m not sure how effective Aftera is. 
Please please never have unprotected sex. The side effects of these pills are crazy and waiting for your period to come is brutal."
"5th day on Buproprion XL150. I am supposed to take this once a week and then double the dose. Right now I am feeling I should not double up as I don&#039;t like the side effects. First few days I felt like heart was racing a little, jittery, clenching on teeth, trouble falling asleep. Am I still as depressed? No. Am I laying in bed and not getting my work done? No.I wouldn&#039;t say I am motivated, but I am getting done what needs to. Lost weight. No real appetite but at night I get hungry. My MAIN concern is I feel anxious and self-conscious. I am in school and I have a job where I need to work with superiors and be able to listen and perform. I feel like I am just going through the motions; an out of body experience. Will this end soon?"
"This is my second attempt with Amitiza (this time at the lower dose). Unbearably nauseated once again on top of the constipation and abdominal cramping. Does not work for me AT ALL."
"I have severe anxiety and at times, I can&#039;t even hold still. I completely avoid going out due to the severity of it. 
Tried 1mg of xanax under the tongue, and within ten minutes, I could feel the anxiety getting better. Zero negative side effects."
"Best eye drops ever.  No side effects for me.  I have extremely bad tree pollen allergies and this makes the eye itchiness go away in less than a minute.  The only bad thing is that it only lasts about 3-4 hours before I need another dose.  "
"MY RLS  came on  post op of a Total hip replacement .It was wicked . I would get up at 2 AM and go for a walk. I got stopped by the police.They would walk around the block with me until the symptoms went away. Went to my sleep neurologist  and she knew immediately what it was. RLS post op is triggered by low feratin levels and/or withdrawal from opiates (pain meds)  you need to have your Iron levels checked . I have found a walk late afternoon ,ie mowing the lawn helps . There  is stimulation pad made called Relaxis which does work . However it drives my wife nuts."
"I was diagnosed with narcolepsy about 5 years ago and have had very good results by taking Dexedrine."
"Been on STRIBILD for 2 months.  I have had no side effects at all and viral load went from 57,000 to 26 in one month."
"Before this medicine I felt lost but now I&#039;m ready to go all the time."
"I have been smoking for 15 years, I can still remember the day I started I&#039;m 26 now smoke a pack every 2 - 3 days. A  year and a half ago I wanted to quit smoking so I started champix. A week in I started to get little cravings by 3 months I was totally finished smoking no cravings or anything. So I decided to not take the rest of the 3 months I had left, I kept getting the awful nausea all day even if I took it on a full stomach. I figured &quot;I already quit, I don&#039;t need the rest&quot;. Didn&#039;t smoke for 2 months after that. Was smoke free for 5 months, then I started smoking again its been a year  I&#039;ve smoked again. But I started taking it again so hopefully I can hold out. Pretty much what I&#039;m saying is stay on for the full program or its not gonna work."
"I began the first pack and everything started out fine. There was no major side effects. Then, came my first period. What a complete nightmare. My period was light and heavy. Making me want to scream in pain from my cramps. I bleed through tampons left and right. Also, it would go on for two days then stop for one. Then begin while I was sleeping. My &quot;period&quot; lasted for 8 days in total compared to its usual 5. Now, two weeks later I&#039;ve had bloody discharge every single day."
"I have been on Seroquel 150mg since the age of 13. I have had sleeping problems since the 4th grade. I am now 20 yrs old. Without my Seroquel, I&#039;ll go weeks without sleep. But with it, once I take it, about an hour later, I&#039;m fast asleep! I DO NOT know what I would do without it. The only bad thing I can honestly say, I have gained 100  lbs from taking Seroquel. Mostly to the hunger feelings it causes right before I&#039;ll fall asleep. I would very much rather be a large girl who can sleep than a skinny girl who never sleeps. I would recommend Seroquel to anyone, as long as you aren&#039;t someone who has a problem with some weight gain."
"I just finished my first litre of Moviprep for my colonoscopy tomorrow. It&#039;s disgusting tasting and very hard to swallow, I&#039;m constantly gagging. It does exactly what it&#039;s suppose to though, I feel like I&#039;m peeing from my butt and it&#039;s definitely cleaning out my system. 
I&#039;m dreading the next litre in the morning."
"I have had 3 other colonoscopy preps. This is by far the most expensive and worst tasting. I was barely able not to vomit. I had nausea and bloating for an hour and a half."
"Went on implanon for birth control. Insertion was a breeze. Clinician used anesthetic and inserted rod in 2 mins flat. Immediately was protected from pregnancy. Had no period for two years on it. At 2.5 years, I had developed a very large ovarian cyst on my ovary. It was so large they had to remove it surgically and biopsy it. Dr said it wasn&#039;t related. Six months later- another large cyst. Again. Had to have it removed. This one was 16cm around. Dr said again wasn&#039;t related. On the third cyst, went to different dr. She immediately removed it and said she has had several patients get severe cysts while in implanon. Got it taken out immediately and started estrogen pills to shrink my cyst. No cysts (that are symptomatic) since removal."
"I was born with a thyroid condition. I am 23 year old female. I did the other brand for a while, and made me tired, sad, and just made me feel hopeless. I am on Synthroid 88mcg and although I sometimes feel sad, my weight is maintained, I&#039;m able to work, and play with my 1 year old daughter, who thank God is healthy. Finding the right dosage is so important and is a trial and error. If everything is good and you only have one symptom like sadness...get a hobby, again a close friend is so important and always take your pill!"
"I had tried so many birth controls before this one and finally my doctor recommended another one. It was Yaz. probably the best birth control for clearing acne, ever. After just two months I&#039;m already noticing a drastic difference. I am so so grateful. I can&#039;t even remember the last three I was on before this one but some made my acne so much worse and I&#039;m so glad I found this one"
"I have been on Saxenda for about 2 months now. I am down 17Lbs. I noticed constipation when I increased my dose to the highest one. .3. Im grateful my insurance covers it. I pay 30.00. I continue to exercise and drink plenty of water. I go back to docotr jan 2017. I started out at a weight of 265 im 249 now. "
"The first two nights, I could sleep on my side without pain, but the third night I could not and the third and fourth mornings I woke up with sharp pain in both knees making it difficult to walk.  This is actually worse than before I had the injections. 
Am I expecting too much?  When can I expect the pain to go away or at least not be present with every step I take?"
"I stayed nauseated the whole time I took it. Plus I lost all sense of judgement and reason. I started buying stuff on Ebay with a charge card. I had charged about $21,000. of stuff without concern. Thank goodness my husband figured it out and stopped me before I maxed it out at $25,000. As he was calling canceling it, I was right in the middle of another purchase. I am back on Prozac and back to normal. I have an aunt that told me that it made her lose all inhibitions about spending also. So user beware!"
"I have had no side effects whatsoever on this pill. This is the first birth control pill I have ever taken and it has worked great for me! I&#039;m not sure if this matters but I am 18 years old."
"I have had trouble with a sinus infection, literally, for years. Repeated use of Augmentin did nothing to help. Finally, my doc sent me to an ENT. He said the infection was &quot;stuck&quot; behind/in scar tissue that I have from sinus surgery 20 years ago. So, he prescribed Clindamycin. I have been taking it for 9 days now. I finish it tomorrow. For the first time in years, I can breathe through my nose, I can smell, I can taste. The body aches that I have had for too long to remember when they started, are gone. It took several days, but I feel so much better. And, I didn&#039;t have a single side effect. This medicine has been GREAT for me. If I ever need an antibiotic again, I will definitely ask for this one."
"I have just started to take 1/2 tablet 2x day .  For 3 years I have tried every alternative out there - iodine, tyrosine, sea vegetables homeopathic etc, and got no where. My diet is very clean and kept inching up in weight even though I work out 6x a week. In 3 days I have seen a vast improvement in energy levels, and happier outlook, less frustration and overwhelming feelings.  Hopefully a little weight loss will follow."
"I have taken Seroquel XR for two years. I take 800mg at night for BiPolar. At first it seemed like I would never come out of the haze but it wore off over a weeks time. Honestly, really I have had NO major bipolar problems since I have taken Seroquel XR. It is wonderful. But be sure to have insurance! Without my prescription it would be like $500/mo. It works very well for me because I take Adderall in the day and this helps me go to sleep at night. Great medicine."
"I&#039;ve been on this medication for almost a month. My doctor told me it could easily take a month to get used to it.  I started out with headaches, extreme tiredness and excessive sweating.  The tiredness was gone after about 10 days.  The sweating is the worst side effect and I still suffer with it daily, though I am no longer dripping with sweat like I was when I began the medication.  I get occasional headaches, but nothing more than a slight headache to remind me that I have one.  I do feel better and am less stressed."
"My GYN prescribed me 500MG every 12 hours for 7 days. When I picked it up, the pharmacist warned me that it could cause nausea. The first two days I felt kind of sick, I had pretty severe upper abdominal pain and it lasted for hours, I felt like if I ate I would throw up. The third day I threw up twice and noticed that my urine was very dark, despite me staying very hydrated. Tonight I will take my last dose and I could not be happier. I have thrown up six times in the past week and spent hours in agonizing pain laying on my side hoping it would go away, it only ever felt better when I threw up. I definitely don&#039;t recommend staying on this medication for a long period of time, but it has effectively taken care of the bacterial infection."
"Today was my first day and I feel amazing. Life is on the right track. I feel free from bondage. Small things don&#039;t matter anymore. I love the new me"
"I switched from Prozac was feeling amazing but there was one problem. It constipated me. I tried to stick to it but it never went away. I do suggest you try this medication because it worked amazing just couldn&#039;t handle that side effect. GOOD LUCK"
"I obtained relief (from swelling, hot, painful knee joints) after religiously taking Glucosamine-chondroitin and calcium for six months, I kept this up with good results until pain returned May 2016.PCP referral to orthopedic surgeon who took x-rays of my hip &amp; both knees &amp; told me there was virtually no cartilage left, bone grinding against bone &amp; bone spurs near both knees. I got Cortisone shot in in the one knee, then following week in the other w then after 2 weeks or so, started the orthovisc &quot;gel&quot; shots in my right knee--once per week for 4 weeks. The needle going into knee was not bad, but, pressure of gel filling knee was uncomfortable, but only for a few seconds. Excellent relief after the 3rd shot w/ good range of motion in knee."
"I have been taking Levothyroxine for 7 years, after being diagnosed in March 2010.  I do have to take a particular brand of it though as the other brand give me a severe headache but luckily my pharmacist has my brand on his computer and that is the only one I am given.  I am now on 150mcg and I have been constant on that dose for the last 2 years.  My energy levels do plummet during the afternoon but my &#039;normal&#039; thyroid colleagues do too!"
"Started topamx back in January of 2014....had 1st panic attack in june of 2014. Didn&#039;t really put 2 and 2 together. Meds seemed to slowly start helping my Chronic migraines slowly after getting up to 100mg. Panic attacks continued and developed major anxiety issues over the next 2 years and went from only 148lbs and I&#039;m currently at 108lbs at the moment. Barely able to function and zero appetite and no energy. Had to go to ER MULTIPLE TIMES FOR IV VITAMINS AND SOLUTION. Nuerologist and Primary finally are seeing that it&#039;s the topamx NOT AGREEING WITH MY BODY. While this med may work wonders for others, it has destroyed over 2 3/4 yrs of my life. I&#039;m slowly titrating off by 6.25mg every 2 weeks, because that&#039;s all my depleted body can handle"
"I am 60 years old, female, have had many very painful breakouts over the last 15 yrs. I have weakened immune system. Finally after two breakouts within 2 months, I am now on 500 mg valacyclovir every night. So far, no problems except I have gained weight and feel tired all the time, but I take other medicines that cause this also. I recommend it highly."
"I miss my sex drive! I feel no sexual desire anymore since having the rod put in and I have gained exactly a stone in weight. I used to be one of those lucky girls who could eat what I like when I like, not anymore! Thanks to this weight gain I have horrible stretch marks on my legs and hips and feel the most unhappy I have ever felt. I&#039;m 22 years old and have given the rod a chance for a year and I&#039;m having it removed."
"Condom had a hole in it maybe got some sperm inside the vag and wasn&#039;t sure. Gave my gf plan b she took it about an hour after. She had no side effects the first few days and we both got really scared. Then about 4 days later she got some cramping but no period. The cramping stopped and we became really afraid she wasn&#039;t gonna get her period. But all the sudden about 6 days later without no sign she got it. The period was really rough and painful but overall worth it cause she wasn&#039;t pregnant. Take this pill asap if you think you need to and it should work. It really is a lifesaver"
"Used with Percocet it was to cure pain associated with having kidney stones. Took pain level down from severe to mild. Well worth it."
"I have had bad breath for 3 years now. I&#039;ve tried mouth washes and brushing 4 or more times a day. I&#039;ve been using this product for 2 days and my breath is smelling better."
"I&#039;ve used this product for about 1-2months and it is incredible. I have polycystic ovarian syndrome so acne is a problem. Deep, sore, under the skin pimples would flare up and be so painful - no amount of expensive face wash would help. After Epiduo I haven&#039;t had a single under the skin pimple! It&#039;s clearing out blackheads, too.
You need to be really careful using it though. Use too much and your skin will be peeling for days on end. Use only a tiny bit on problem areas and ease yourself onto it.
This is a great product that has really helped. My skin is loving it."
"Fell 33 feet in a mall working. I broke a total of 16 bones. Was taken 30 mg 8 times a day and 15 mg oxy&#039;s 4 times a day. On top of that 2 mg xanax a day. I need something stronger maybe morphine. I have permanent nerve damage in foot and ankle. I been on this dosage for 3 years and have no intentions on stopping. Maybe medical marijuana would be better but I will not stop taking pain pills.NEVER.I WILL DIE ON MEDICATION."
"Before injections, had continuous pain in right knee; even during the night with little relief from aleve or motrin.  Had some relief with physical therapy.  After third injection, night pain was totally gone injections were two years ago.  Now, only take Aspirin (arthritis back &amp; body) when I am doing strenuous exercise or gardening.  Can walk 6-8 miles a day with only slight discomfort. I have not needed more injections."
"Been on osmotic at various and increasing amounts for 18 months now, up to 18 a day, and was put onto bisocodyl at night to try to get some movement. After trying two each night for a week, and not even a twinge, have been moved onto 4 and still no difference, have also tried adding in pico sulphate but not sure if they are even reaching where they need to get to.
No idea if further increase in dose is either likely to be useful or prudent but getting toward the end of my tether with constantly fighting with no movement other than fluid..."
"So far it has been fine.  This is my first week and I have not noticed any side effects at all.  I take it at night.  I hope I continue on this track."
"So I&#039;ve actually had this implant since I&#039;ve been 15, and I&#039;m by 18. When I first had it put in, I bled and spotted for 6 months, which I was warned would happen. After that my cycle was very irregular, either every couple weeks or couple months or even 4-5 months without. It is sometimes worrying going so long without one, because I always wonder if there&#039;s something else wrong. But I have to say I love the implant, it&#039;s super effective. I get no cramps or mood swings and my cycles are very light and last 2-4 days at most.  I would definitely recommend this."
"I started the depo shot in December didn&#039;t Bleed that whole month, January until  now we&#039;re in May I have not stopped bleeding! So I&#039;ve been bleeding for six months straight about. And its so heavy, its ruining everything. I&#039;m def getting off the shot and switching."
"I&#039;m 11 and I take it. Before I got in trouble a lot, but now I&#039;m fine."
"I had been on Escitalopram for the last 5 years due to anxiety and occasional panic attacks. But like other SSRI&#039;s it had negative impact on sexual function and weight gain. I tapered of my escitalopram slowly and started taking buspirone in low doses. It helped me great both on Sexual Function and anxiety. It gave me confidence and relief."
"I have tried several medications for Migraines and started Lyrica three months ago. Other than the weight gain I am very happy. Lyrica makes me feel ravenously hungry all the time. Actually, this past doctors appointment I was also prescribed Meridia and have experienced a loss in appetite and I hope this will get me back to a more comfortable weight."
"Just want to share my experience. I had unprotected sex twice on &quot;high fertility &quot; ovulation days ( very dumb I know ) took a plan b approx 60 hours after the incident two weeks late I got a very short (two day) period which was odd my period is usally 3-4 .following month I got my period on time &amp; full force . The pill does work ladies and I was ovulating at the time."
"I was extremely wary of taking this medication, but I am so glad that I did. I suffered with panic attacks at night time until I took this medication. I started off on 25mg then slowly increased to 100mg. I do not suffer from panic attacks anymore, and I feel awesome! I can finally get a restful night of sleep."
"I originally came on to this site to look for facts on Implanon, because I am thinking of switching from Nuvaring to Implanon. Out of the many comments, only a few were good. There were many many negative comments and it made me wonder if the majority of people who choose to comment, do so because they are experiencing negative side-effects, and those women who aren&#039;t experiencing side-effects don&#039;t leave any comments at all. So I&#039;m going to go ahead and add a GOOD comment about Nuvaring. Nuvaring has worked out GREAT for me. No side-effects that I have noticed. No weight gain, no mood swings, no acne. The only thing is that I can feel it during sex, which is an easy fix to just take it out before and put it back in afterward."
"I&#039;ve always had bad asthma as a kid. I was constantly had to be put on steroids. My Dr did an IgE test and mine were over 1,500 (less than 100 is normal) I was put on Nucala for 5 months. At the time of the first injection my lung function was at 86% at the time of the fifth injection I was at around 35%. While on this drug I felt so sick! Back pain, head ache, nausea, fatigue. I felt like I had the flu everyday! We decided to stop the drug. (I am still looking for a new treatment option)"
"I take 4mg of Klonopin per day. I have done so for more than two years.  I went to a clinic where a &quot;no benzo&quot; policy was established and I was taken off the medicine.  I went through two years of agony.  Neurontin was given as a substitute...it made me depressed, and nauseous.  I finally had to go to a private doctor to be put back on my Klonopin and am returning to normal.  The only issue I would mention is that it is not a fast acting medicine."
"I have been on Depo for 7 years now. I love how I don&#039;t get my period, but my sex drive has decreased and I have gained about 70 lbs. I also have acne that won&#039;t go away no matter what I use. I&#039;m looking to switch my birth control before my next shot is due in 3 months."
"This is my second gout attack I have taken Colcrys with. First was my right wrist and second my right toes. I have gotten along well with 0.6mg taken once a day.  Only side effect I have noticed was more solid stools. I noticed pain relief within the first day. I did take a pain pill as well with my toe flare up but swelling did start to go down after first day on Colcrys. It works for me."
"I started taking this per my Doctor instead of Tylenol for lower back pain.  I had stomach issues.. could not eat, vomited, severe itching on the legs and armsI "
"Restiril  for sleep"
"I was recovering from severe PTSD linked to bipolar 2 and autism spectrum disorder. I lived in a sort of dual reality, with violent images of past trauma continually playing into the present. Every thought stopping technique and medication failed to solve the problem until Fluvoxamine was added to the mix. For me, it stopped the images immediately. I was finally able to smile again! And I do not recall experiencing any particular side effects. Of course, I always insisted that my doctors start me on low doses, as side effects were a definite concern. Everyone is different. But for intrusive thoughts and images, I would definitely recommend that this medicine be given a try. What does not work at all for some may work wonders for others!"
"He was on it alone, for 3 cycles, and started on the 4th... kappa light chains went up each month, and doubled to over 11,000 before stopping it.
Had been on it with Revlimid, which helped decrease light chains, but couldn&#039;t tolerate, due to blood counts... platelets needed every other days and RBCs needed weekly"
"Buspar* Took 5 MG at 10:00 pm and stayed up until 2 am the night before work (due to being very mentally hyper and aware). Mouth and eyes very dry the next day.&nbsp; Felt very weird all day the next day. Very hyper.&nbsp; Wanted to continuously talk.&nbsp; Felt wired but yet didn&#039;t really want to move.&nbsp; Hard to function at work, but yet was in good mood (almost felt drunk). Seemed like I was slurring(possibly from dry mouth?)"
"I had used Maxalt when it was relatively new, and although it is quick to make short work on migraine it did cause me rebound headaches 80% of the time, which were never as bad but still no fun."
"Having bad experiences with hormones in pills causing mood swings and acne I wanted to try the non hormone Paragard and I was SO scared of insertion I read horror and good stories on it and almost backed out but I didn&rsquo;t... A hour and a half before I took two midol and listened to music with one headphone out so I could hear the doctor and braced for the worst and it wasn&rsquo;t painful at all more like annoying! A slight pinch and a little bit of cramping and so quick he said &ldquo;I&rsquo;m almost done&rdquo; and I was in shock how fast it went - not even 5 minutes that I had been there, more like 2-3 and it was over! Definitely thankful and so far so good. Worth a try."
"My knee is worse since receiving the one shot 3 months ago.  It is always swollen and stiff."
"I used Differin gel for almost 2 years on my face. I had moderate acne that no OTC medication helped and some prescription medications didn&#039;t help much either. Differin took about 2-3 weeks of daily use before I saw any change but about 2 months into the treatment my face was pretty much all clear with no pimples. It was amazing. My skin did get red and itchy during those first few weeks but my doctor said it was common and to keep using because my skin would get used to it. It did and it still keeps my skin the best it&#039;s ever looked. Also, it&#039;s now available over the counter at drug stores."
"Amazing!!! Only 20 mg took away all fight or flight symptoms during presentations. I couldn&#039;t be more happy with this drug, I highly recommend!!"
"I&#039;m five and a half months in and I wish I could say my period stopped like everyone else&#039;s seems to have. I&#039;ll go a month without a period and then the next month I have about 3 periods. One week on, one week off. Other than that, the only side of effects I can report are the mood swings. It makes me actually insane sometimes. I go through huge hormone shifts and I feel like I bloat more. The convenience of the drug makes it absolutely worth it though. I&#039;m just hoping my body just needs more time to adjust."
"I&#039;ve been taking this pill for 2.5 years and am completely satisfied. The first month taking it I had mood swings and nausea, but this is normal! It&#039;s the side effects that I feel most birth controls come with. 
I rate this a 9/10 because this pill has kept me from pregnancy and cleared my breakouts on my back and chest, but not my face.
I can hide my chest and back, but not so much my face!! 
Great contraceptive. I would recommend this to a friend or family member. The &quot;periods&quot; are SUPER light, if anything you probably won&#039;t spot during the sugar pill week. 
There are many negative feedback about this pill, and I wanted to share my good experience with this birth control. Give it a month or so to kick in and it&#039;ll be worth it!"
"My sugar levels were in the 250-300 constantly.. now they are below 130 it&#039;s great.. there&#039;s risks with this medication being new.. but it&#039;s working wonders.. was on metformin 1000mg twice a day and Glipizide twice a day now.. just metformin and Glipzide once a day.. I am very happy. Feel a lot better.. no side effects so far.. was going to get insulin if Invokana didn&#039;t lower my sugar levels.. so lucky to have gotten it prescribed to me.."
"I took adderall for approx. 6 years. I started off taking 10mg twice a day. The last year of college I was taking 30mg time release twice a day. I feel that I did benefit from the medication during my last year of highschool and throughout college. My grades were B&#039;s and above, and during the first three years of highschool I would jump for joy if I earned a B. So having said that, yes adderall did help with my ability to focus, retain information, and to some degree my determination to complete tasks throughout the day. There was a huge price to pay for taking adderall for as long as I did. My metabolism slowed down immensely and maintaining the same diet and exercise I am 50lbs heavier. Doctor told me I would gain 40-75lbs and I did."
"DO NOT USE THIS DRUG.
I used it for post vasectomy infection prevention

Horrible drug with crazy side effects. I can&#039;t believe that this is legal to prescribe except for emergencies.

I only took 2 pills and 3 days later I still have aches and pains in joints all over my body. Joints are stiff and I have to walk slowly. Now I have to worry about a possible tendon rupture even months from now.

I also have tinnitus (ringing in my ears) which is CONSTANT. After taking the very first pill I felt light-headed, out-of-it and almost passed out. I should never have taken the 2nd.

This drug is insanely overpowered and should only be used if there is no alternative. It attacks your joints, tendons, muscles, digestive tract and nervous system."
"I was taking the phen phen when my doctor said that he would rather me try Contrave.  I will say it&#039;s not the doctors fault all of the side effects and issues were listed on the brochure.
I took the pill for 2 weeks with no help from the pill I ended up in the doctors office and a trip to the E.R. due to itchy, all of my joints, face swelling, headaches, dizziness and after taking Styroids and Benadryl for 2 weeks I am still having headahes, itchy and chest tightening. I wanted to let all know because I am one not to have reactions to pills or foods but with this one I did.  From what I have been told if you are going to have the reactieon it is about 2 weeks into taking the medicine. Benadryl is needed if these reactions start up."
"I was on this product for 3  years, I gave it a 7 not because it wasn&#039;t effective (because it was very effective, no pregnancies), but because the first year on it was awful, I was depressed and emotional ALL the time. One week out of the month maybe I felt okay, MAYBE. After a year I would have gave it a 9 (minor acne was the only issue). I loved that pill after the first year was over, I changed once because my clinic ran out of stock, NEVER AGAIN. I went emotionally crazy after I switched to a different brand, needless to say I switched back after that pack was used up. About 2 or so years later I switched to the generic brand TriNessa Lo and love it just as much."
"I love this medication... when I lay down for sleep at night I cannot turn my mind off. Its so frustrating! My doctor recommended this medication because its non habit forming. It works like a charm for the most part... I will still wake up sometimes but I am so relaxed I can easily fall back asleep. I don&#039;t have a problem getting up in the morning or starting my day. My only concern is taking this medication everyday and hope its not harmful to my body."
"I would NEVER use this! Going into my 4th year I started having pains in my pelvic area that lasted 30mins-6hrs. It would wake me up, at the time I had these intense pains I would bleed then it would just stop. Went to OB and got a pelvic ultrasounds, I had tremendous blood clots in my uterus that wouldn&#039;t pass. The shot stopped working and stored my monthly flow on my uterus the dr said seemed like it stopped working for at least a year. Had to get cervical dilation to see if it&#039;ll come out, it didn&#039;t so a couple days later I got a D&amp;C. It&#039;s been 3 weeks since and I&#039;m having heavy bleeding. Which I think is only because my hormones are off! Do NOT get on this shot!!! Hopefully I can get something to regulate this!"
"Took one shot for a lung infection I received while doing some swimming. Fixed the lung infection but the side effects of this drug are very harsh so be prepared. 

I&#039;m 25 do triathlons and swim regularly. Deal with a normal amount of stress and anxiety but have never had serious problems with it. Resting heart Rate is about 50 normally. 

After the shot resting heart rate was easily high 60&#039;s and low 70&#039;s. Extremely agitated and irritable. Very bad insomnia. Anxiety was out the roof and again I&#039;ve never had problems with anxiety before. Chest pain mixed in with the increased anxiety that most likely made the chest pain felt worse but still it was a problem. This lasted for about a week as well. It&#039;s a serious drug."
"The only side effect I&#039;ve had is gas. But if you keep taking it that seems to pretty much subside."
"I am genuinely surprised at how many people have had bad experiences on this drug! It&#039;s interesting since I&#039;ve had an amazing time with symbicort and it&#039;s made my life a lot easier.
I had mostly allergy and exercised enduced asthma and growing up only occasionally needed my blue puffer. It was when I started to get nocturnal asthma and a hard time breathing in the winter that my really frequent use of the rescue inhaler was not a good thing.
Symbicort has made everything a lot easier. I finally sleep the entire night without waking up thinking I&#039;m having an attack. Only downside is when my asthma is very persistent, 1 puff doesn&#039;t last the entire 12 hours for me but I can always up my dosage with my doctor if needed."
"While I was pregnant I got yeast infections very easily, so the doctor would prescribe something like the Monistat. So when I got a yeast infection recently,  I thought why not buy one from the store?  WORSE MISTAKE OF MY LIFE!!! This stuff burns and itches so bad that I want to wash it out!!! This can&#039;t be normal!!"
"For eight years now, I&#039;ve been on 4-aminopyridine ER, the chemical name for dalfampridine, and am now on Ampyra.  I was able to obtain 4-AP from a compounding pharmacy by prescription.  I have been astounded by the change this chemical has made in me, and, through physical therapy and exercise, by what I have been able to gain because of it.  The primary improvement for me has been leg strength, but I&#039;ve also noticed some improvement in breathing, eyesight, balance and cognition, though I find no documentation to support my observations on these latter four.  When I go off of the drug, these improvements vanish until I start up again.  I&#039;ve gone from power chair to forearm crutches to hiking again!  Wow!!"
"A noticeable difference between the brand and generic (buproprion). Started out with brand years ago. I was no longer stuck in bed avoiding life. I could concentrate, no impulsive decision-making or stuck with indecision. Interested in life again, getting out, and lost 40lbs w/in the first year. Then insurance changes meant getting generic. I thought, &quot;no big deal, I take generic for everything&quot;. I soon found myself overpowered by MDD symptoms again while still taking an AD. Dr mentioned switching to generic was likely the problem. I&#039;ve since found lots of FDA/med research/similar experiences. Thankfully, I&#039;m back on brand doing good, it wasn&#039;t just all in my head. There really is a BIG difference."
"This medication has been very effective for my anxiety. I&#039;ve taken 75mg for the past 9yrs. No more heart palpitations or tightness in my chest. I have tried others prior to the Elavil, but found I woke up with a hangover and a out of body feeling. If Ii forget to order refill before I run out it takes a 3 days to feel the effects. "
"I used Sklice last summer after many OTC fails.  I was going on vacation and desperate to get rid of the lice, staying with friends and family could not bring lice into their home.  It did get rid of the lice but I have had a very severe reaction and it is still on going after 7 months.  I have severe itching, painful cysts, dandruff and have lots 1/2 of my hair.  Had to take pain killers and sleep aids to survive.  Am I the only one with this reaction, does anyone else have a cure for the cure?  I have seen several doctors and dermatologist without relief."
"I have been taking this pill for some time now, the first time I took it it cleared my acne, no weight gain except in my boobs went from a B to a C. Got off of it simply bc I ran out. Back on it now. Some days I get nausea in the morning...some days I can be moody and this time I have been breaking out like crazy. Been on it for 2 months now since the last time... will give it a few months to see if everything gets better."
"Had the implanon for almost 3 years now. First 2 months I was super hormonal, but after that I haven&#039;t had a period for 3 years (good since I have endometriosis). Doesn&#039;t hurt, and really easy form of birth control. I plan to get another inserted when this is removed."
"I&#039;ve been using Levora for about 3 months and finally coming around to reading theses reviews it makes sense why I&#039;ve been acting/feeling so weird.
I don&#039;t recall discussing any of these symptoms with my doctor but it wasn&#039;t till with third month that I noticed the wait gain. Through out using this pill I have found myself way more emotion than I usually am.
My anxiety has reached its peak even though I&#039;ve worked really hard to keep it under control I get irritated for almost anything. 
My sex drive has gone from 4 days a week to once every 2 weeks. Maybe. 
Me and my partner are both very sad about it even though he hasn&#039;t left me. I feel like if we didn&#039;t come to this conclusion he might have. Definitely switching to something different."
"I want everyone to know something that may help you out while using Implanon. I had my Implanon inserted a little over a month ago and I spotted 20 days out of the 1st month. I have a friend who is a nurse and made a suggestion that sounded bankers to me but I have completely stopped spotting after a week! She suggested taking 500 mg of vitamin c and 400 mg of ibuprofen, 2 times a day for a week. It worked like magic. I know its sounds fake but give it a try before you give up on Implanon. It&#039;s an amazing form of birth control. I guess I should also add that ridiculous home remedy has worked for 4 people I have met so totally worth giving it one more week."
"My vertigo was so bad that I could not stand up much less work or drive a car. My ear doctor gave me valium to treat the ear instead of surgery he did not think surgery would help after a month of vertigo.  Afterwards I had a fear whether  it will come back. For years I would avoid heights because my first vertigo was on the upper deck of the freeway. I will say people do not understand some one that has vertigo for a long period of time. The valium helped but so did therapy"
"I got Nexplanon about 6 weeks after I had my son in May 2013 and I&#039;ve had a mostly positive experience with it. For the first couple of months, I had no period. The next few months, a very light period which is great because before getting pregnant, my period was pretty heavy. Then last month my period was about a week long, and VERY heavy. I haven&#039;t had any other side effects at all. No moodiness, a little bit of weight gain but I think that&#039;s because I stopped breastfeeding, no headaches, and no acne. I love not having to worry about birth control. This thing is great."
"THIS WORKS. I had no doubt in my mind about that! So basically my boyfriend and I are always using protection but about 5 days ago that condom slipped off. About 12 hours later we bought Plan B and I took it. I was due for my period like 2 days after but it never came. After what felt like the longest 5 days ever, I finally got it today! So don&#039;t worry, periods are often delayed by this. Anyways, this saved our lives. Whew!"
"I have smoked since I was 14 years old and am now 73. Wasn&#039;t much at first, but as the years went by it got a lot worse. In fact I would have to say at least two packs a day. I always wanted to quit, but never thought I could do it after smoking so long and so much. Then on 5-31-09 I was taken to the emergency room because I couldn&#039;t catch my breath. I stayed there for 4 days. They put the &quot;patch&quot; on me in there and sent me home with an oxygen tank. Now I know I have to quit. I now have COPD. Anyway I made up my mind right then and there I was going to stay on the Nicoderm patch. I&#039;m now on my &quot;step #3&quot; 7mg&#039;s and I only have 4 patches left."
"Panic attacks came at 46 when I had negative life experiences we all will get and was prescribed this from a doctor. I never took it,Ii overcame anxiety and I accepted it. I tricked my mind into knowing nothing was going to happen and how did I realize that? Because nothing ever happened and the next day kept coming. When you feel an attack coming say to yourself nothing is going to happen and tomorrow will come and you&#039;ll still be here doing fine for sure as your reading this..good luck..and make sure your eating right and exercising."
"Best medicine ever. I&#039;ve had hyperhidrosis for years, finally started using Hypercare for a little over a month now, and NO SWEATING! No armpit stains in ANY of my clothes anymore! As long as I use it twice or so a week at night, I&#039;m sweat free. Although, I do still use deodorant, otherwise I will smell sweaty. And I also itch my armpits almost daily, but the itchiness is totally worth it!"
"This medicine helped a lot with the pain.  The problem was the side effects.  I did not mind the weight loss, but the sweating and the high blood pressure were side effects that could not be ignored.  Therefore, I had to stop taking it."
"Amazing - really bad itching but totally worth it"
"Been on it for a week and have none of the symptoms I experienced."
"I can tell an immediate difference when using this medication."
"I&#039;ve suffered with migraines since 1989 after head injures from being bashed by a violent drunk at a work function. I&#039;ve tried many treatments from Botox, acupuncture, massage, chiropractic, hypnotherapy, many different drugs but the one which works the best is Maxalt. It melts the pain in 30-90 mins depending on how soon I take the drug after the onset of symptoms. No more days of work no more vomiting no more suffering up to 10 days with a few days clear to suffering again. The frequency and the severity of the migraines is greatly reduced. I do get a bit sleepy and the wafer is a little bitter but it&#039;s better than a migraine! I just wish I could get more than 4 at a time."
"Levitra, 10 mg, produces consistent erections with the effects lasting 8 hours. It is important to take the pill with a full glass of water on an empty stomach to allow the drug to enter the small intestine. Wait 45 minutes after taking the pill and then drink something sweet, juice or a small glass of wine. This sends sugar into your intestine, which promotes absorption of the drug into your bloodstream. Within one hour after taking the pill you should be ready for sex, with a consistent and lasting erection. My age is 67 and Levitra has vastly improved my sex life and confidence in initiating sex. Levitra is expensive, but the 20 mg pill costs the same as the 10 mg pill, so best value is to buy the 20 mg pill and split it."
"I have found Contrave to be a truly effective and exciting medication.  I don&#039;t have cravings.  I can walk right past cookies, donuts, pies, whatever at work and not feel like I&#039;ve missed a thing.  I only get really hungry when I have skipped a meal or forgotten to eat.  As for side effects, I had some mild nausea at first and I still have what has been described by some as &quot;flushing&quot; - I get very hot in the mornings and sweat profusely for a while.  I lost 20 pounds from the middle of April until the middle of July.  I have not exercised at all but my energy level is definitely up.  I am so happy my doctor prescribed this drug for me!"
"From the age of 19 to now 35 I have been off and on anti-depressants   Finding a good Doctor and Citalopram has changed my life. The last 5 years I have regularly took 40mg a day.  I have been able to function and live a normal life. I am half way through a masters Degree in science and doing well. I may have been there sooner with the right treatment.  I read lots of negatives about this drug, I can only say if it doesn&#039;t work for you then its not the right medicine but don&#039;t let that stop you talking to a professional. For someone who has lived with depression as a teenager, just know that there is hope and life can get better. From the lowest of lows and dark places."
"I have been on Zovia for 4 months. I quickly gained 10 pounds, even though I workout 4 to 5 times a week and watch what I eat. I have gone from a B cup to a C cup, and I have developed horrible mood swings. I also experience bad acne about 4 days before and after my period."
"Been taking Invokana for 5 months. Had yeast infection the fist month and bad vaginal itch but it was controlled after I wash 3 times a day or wash when I start itching. So far I lost 20lbs. I think my hair loss is due to body change, but I can deal with that. This drug really works for me. Just so expensive!"
"I went to my Primary Care physician b/c I was constantly irritated with my boyfriend and wondered if there was anything that might help make me get less irritated less often.  The doctors said he had had success with several patients improving irritability with Citalopram.  I never really felt any big change, but within a few weeks, the irritability was drastically reduced.  The anger was much more in check.  Someone else described it this way...life just seemed smoother/easier to manage.  My attitude became more positive.  I became much more content with my life overall."
"I just got the Skyla IUD inserted this morning and wanted to share my positive experience, especially after reading all of the horror stories online. For a little background information, I am a 19 year old girl who has never been pregnant before. I have been on birth control pills since about 16. Overall I did not have a painful insertion. I will be the first one to say that I do not have a good tolerance for pain and am a big baby about everything. So much so that I am 19 and still cry about getting shots.. a little embarrassing but to put it in to perspective haha. The only part of insertion that was uncomfortable but not painful was the opening of my cervix. Don&#039;t listen to the horror stories like I did because I freaked out over nothing!"
"I have had severe hayfever since childhood and this is one of the few antihistamines that work for all of my symptoms without making me overly drowsy.  I&#039;m just sad that they only sell 4 hour pills otc now.  I&#039;ll have to switch to something else."
"Too make a long story short, a little over 2 weeks ago after an MRI, we were told our daughter had a birth defect called Chiari which required brain surgery, which is scheduled for September 9, 2011.  My anxiety was so bad I couldn&#039;t function normally and couldn&#039;t stop crying, couldn&#039;t sleep, had chest pains and my head was so lightheaded I thought I would pass out. Xanax stopped all of it. I only rate it an 8, not because of how it works, but because of me. I still can&#039;t control my anxiety without help from Xanax. Now I can sleep, breath and only cry once a day if at all. I&#039;m seeing a shrink and feeling stronger so maybe soon I will be in control of myself again and handle my families life again as a strong mom and woman."
"Instead of calming me down and relaxing me from my anxiety and panicky feelings it made them extremely worse. I thought I was going to loose my mind. Well actually for a brief time I did. It caused me to have a nervous breakdown. This was only on the second day I took it. I didn&#039;t know what was going on or what was happening. I thought I was going to loose my mind and before I knew it I slit one of my wrist. I have never had any intention of doing this before taking Ativan. Thankful help came and I got 8 staples put in my wrist were I cut it. I will never take this medicine ever again. I just warn to be very careful taking this medicine. I have never had any reactions to medicines before until this medicine I took back in Sept 16, 2015."
"I&#039;ve had my IUD for a little over a year now, and so far I have no serious complaints. The insertion process was very uncomfortable and afterwards I was in the worst pain of my life for about an hour before the ibuprofen kicked in. I honestly had difficulty walking the contractions were so bad. But once the ibuprofen started working I felt completely fine and never experienced any pain after that day. My periods did get a bit heavier, to the point where there are times it&#039;s so heavy I think I&#039;m having a miscarriage, but I don&#039;t really mind it and it is significantly better than the alternative. I&#039;ve had several horrific experiences with hormonal birth control before, so this has been a lifesaver and a huge peace of mind."
"Almost instant pain relief , best I&#039;ve had and I&#039;ve had a lot"
"It hasn&#039;t helped my severe COPD &amp; acute exacerbations. My Dr. gave me samples to try but so far nothing. I will continue to take until all is gone then I have to call the Dr. about the results. I have extreme sweating &amp; was sick to my stomach the 1st wk but now it&#039;s just every so often"
"After my inpatient hospitalization. i was stabilized with trileptal. no other medicine was able to minimize my mood swings. mentally i feel very clear. the only drawback i can say is slight weight gain; however, i&#039;d rather deal with weight gain than ups and downs. thank goodness for the medicine."
"My mother is 84 and was given this drug for a mild UTI.  After 2 doses, she became so confused she didn&#039;t know where she was or who I was.  Her muscles were so weak she could not move or stand.  She was paranoid and manic at times.  Her potassium dropped very low.  She was in the hospital 4 days.  They immediately took her of it, gave her IV&#039;s and potassium.  Tested her for stroke and dementia, which were negative.  She is home and better but it took several weeks.  Not a good drug, especially for elderly.  She now takes D-Mannose 1000mg/day, 2000mg for any UTI symptoms."
"This drug saved my life. If taken as prescribed, it will help you with your opiate dependency. You will not feel withdrawl symptoms, and you will soon find yourself loosing the desire to use illegal drugs. I was a heroin user for 15 years, until my doctor recommended this drug along with a 12 step program. My life has changed for the better. I recommend this as a last resort. If you have tried every other option to get off opiates, and failed, you have nothing to loose. If you try to abuse Suboxone, you will get sick. Again, this medicine saved my life."
"I&#039;m 44 and recently asked my doctor to test for testosterone levels.  It turned out that I was 218 on a 338 to 1000 scale.  My urologist started me on Testim trial pack, but insurance only covered for Androgel and Foresta.  Switched to Androgel 1/2 way through the trial pack.  I could tell a dip in energy when I switched to Androgel.  At 2 pumps per day for a month T-level 238 - feel better but not as good as Testim. From what I can tell, it depends on the persons absorption level.  Some people are better with one medicine over another.  I&#039;m going to try Foresta at next Dr. visit since I&#039;m not seeing a difference with 3 pumps."
"I am starting my 4th year on Arimidex and have had wonderful results.  I have had no side effects at all.  I am now over 70 and am active and otherwise healthy.  I am looking forward to many more years of continued good health."
"I was recently put on percochet for back problems. I have periods of feeling bad but once I take 10/325 it really helps with the pain. Still havin issues with waking up in the middle of the night. I actually can live a normal life now without being in misery."
"I have microscopic colitis. Lialda works great but the only major drawback is the expense. $191 every two weeks. My insurance dropped me and that cost is with a local pharmacy prescription discount card. At this rate I will be unable to keep up with it."
"Before I started on methylphenidate I was using strattera 80mg, but I only got the side effect and 
sweated all the time even when doing nothing, also had dizziness and panick attacks.

When I got offered methylphenidate I could concentrate alot better and all the side effects never came, the only side effect I have is maybe sometimes palpitations but not as often. good medicination for ADHD."
"I am no stranger to yeast infections. My grandmother made me use a suppository egg when I was about 12. Needless to say I was a virgin so that was definitely a no go. That was a bad experience so I&#039;ve always gotten the off brand suppository creams because they were the cheapest, and they worked great. However, tonight I tried the Monistat brand for the first time. As soon as I inserted it and laid down it burnt like hell all while I&#039;m trying so hard not to scratch  my vagina. I immediately googled my symptoms and here I am writing a review. The pain lasted for about a good hour, but dying laughing at most of these reviews helped me cope with the pain."
"I left a review once before, but have to add to it. I took this medicine for awhile &amp; it helped stabilize my mood. Everything was great, until one day I noticed I was secreting breast milk. The doctor checked my prolactin level &amp; it was very high. It was in the 100&#039;s. I had to stop taking this medicine, which is unfortunate."
"I was put on Sprintec a month ago to help regulate my peroid and help with the severe cramps. In the last month I have had a loss of appetite, lack of energy, two UTI&#039;s, a yeast infection, and severe cramps. "
"I guess Bayer dosen&#039;t give a damn about its consumers. There still selling the afrin with the bottle that can&#039;t be opened."
"I hated this medication. it gave me no mood, no feelings, not able to cry or a supposed flat mood my psychiatrist said plus it made me gain tons of weight in plus of the clozapine I used to be on that gave me seizures and made me break my ankles and it was completely useless cause I never needed it even though they thought &quot;nothing has ever worked for you&quot;. I was only on it because they forced me to take clozapine and it was giving me seizures and the clozapine wasn&#039;t even good cause I didn&#039;t make any friends and I didn&#039;t really like anybody. ever since I&#039;ve been on Lamictal 300 mg and Invega 12 mg I&#039;ve felt more normal and I&#039;m able to cry and feel true feelings like I used to."
"At first I hated this pill but had a 3 month supply.  In the first 2 months I had spotting all the time, crazy mood swings, intense cravings and cramps around PMS time and was loosing a dramatic amount of hair.  On the bright side my acne was non existent and I noticed weight loss. By the 3rd month I feel most symptoms cleared."
"I&#039;ve tried all other drugs and prescription drugs..Temazapam hands down 30 mgs. However I have a high tolerance to these sleep aids"
"Every time I tell someone about this miracle medicine, I am hoping that they are listening to me. If you get cold sores this is ESSENTIAL. I never leave home without it. I use it in combination with L-Lysine to reduce symptoms. I am getting one right now and did not feel the tingle so I am hoping it will still work. Sometimes there is just no getting rid of a nasty tough one. I am 23 years old and when I have a cold sore I absolutely obsess over it and I try to hide my face as much as possible. I hope they someday find a CURE for this virus but in the meantime Valtrex is amazing!"
"It&#039;s a very useful drug for Bi-Polar Disorder, but it can make you very drowsy and fatigued; also, it affects your concentration and speed of doing things"
"Worst experience of my life on this implant. I finally got it taken out today after 7 months of chest discomfort, shortness of breath, heart palpitations, horrible mood swings, crazy anxiety (for the first time in my life) and panic attacks. I saw multiple doctors multiple times and all dismissed the implant as having any of the negative effects I was experiencing. My doctor even wanted to put me on an anxiety med. When I looked it up for myself I was shocked and saddened by the amount of women that have experienced the exact same things. Don&#039;t do it, so not worth the risk of going through the hell I&#039;ve been experiencing. I cannot wait to get these hormones out of my system and feel better :("
"I started taking trulicity 6-8-16. I have been sick every since. Lost ten pounds.can&#039;t eat. Have a hard time moving at all. I&#039;m tired all the time. Dizzy and lightheaded. Now a yeast infection.  Been coughing too. I&#039;m not taking anymore until I go to Dr Thursday. I believe it works but I can&#039;t take feeling like this.  Feel too weak."
"I have been on this medicine for 4 years and it continues to provide excellent results, relief."
"I only just started the NuvaRing about 1 month ago after getting my Mirena taken out. So far I already thought I was pregnant because I had nausea and extreme salivation. Headaches, and oh my gosh the back and and stomach cramps were almost as bad as when I had labor pains with my son. "
"Husband and I prescribed Tessalon Perles. He has bronchitis, I have a lung infection. Prescribed different antibiotics. Neither one of us feel the Perles work one bit.  I notice increased saliva, dizziness, and he has a headache and chills since taking.  Going back to doctor to complain, need relief.  Nyquil works better if you ask me."
"suffered from gout and joint pain.Took one 50mg tablet  and experience pain relief within a  few hours and was able to walk freely"
"my bf had hives for 3 weeks.  more often than not.  claritan did really nothing.  Allegra nothing.   benedryl helped some.  I was scared he&#039;d have a anaphylaxis reaction.  I bought him vit.  c, b, d, quercitin, probiotic.  a dao enzyme.  and nothing was working great.  today is Monday 611 pm.  he started zyrtec sat at 11am.  he has red huge hives on his back and legs and arms .  well I&#039;m happy to say...the zyrtec seems to be working..  they are gone.  we&#039;ve  even eating normal and he&#039;s even had a couple of drinks.  also he&#039;s taking pepcid.   but it&#039;s been over two days of no hives.  I think the zyrtec is a miracle."
"This is really strange. My mom, who has Alzheimers was given this drug to help her recover from a hysterectomy.  We have found a definite connection between Tylox and her Alzheimers- it&#039;s greatly improved! She regained about 18 months of mental deterioration from the Alzheimers after taking this drug. No one can understand why there&#039;s a connection. When she stopped taking Tylox, her Alzheimers once again became worse. When we restarted Tylox, once again, her mental capacity improved tremendously."
"I have been on Lyrica for only a few months for neuropathy pains. I also have lupus, arthritis, fibromyalgia, and gastrointestinal issues. Lyrica worked excellent the first few weeks for the neuropathic pains. After a while I noticed I started to have more lupus flares and joint irritations. It is causing me to gain weight which is a plus because my other medicines was causing me to loose weight. I have tried a lot of medication including gabapentin (3600mg daily) and Lyrica worked best overall."
"After taking Lexapro for around 2 1/2 years I weaned myself off about 4 months ago.  The biggest side effect while going off of it was a feeling of electric shock in my head.  It was a super fast thing and only lasted for a super short second, but it would occur at random times throughout the day.  After awhile though, I got used to the &#039;shocks&#039; and knew they would be over in a short second and just lived with it.  I need to state that I did this very slowly, gradually decreasing my doses over a period of about 3 months.  NOT a quick process.  Initially I felt WONDERFUL after discontinuing this drug, but now, months later the depression has crept back."
"Hi, I&#039;m 28 yrs old and got 3 kids already. I&#039;ve had the IUD for about a year now, and I&#039;d have to say that personally it has worked wonders for me. 
I&#039;d encourage women who have had the IUD inserted to got for an ultrasound at least twice a year. 
I had my second scan last week and the device is still intact where it should be, with no abnormalities found.
Yes I did experience cramping a few days after it was inserted, by after that I did not experience any complications.
Although I don&#039;t think it should be recommended for all women, I really depends on how each individual reacts to the method and whether or not she is comfortable with it."
"I find out I wasn&#039;t  ovulating at 24 years old,it was very hard for me and never thought at this young age I will have issues getting  pregnant. I had an issue with my period too so my GYN prescribed clomid 50mg to take on day 4 of my period  for 4 days. I took Provera to induce a period before taking the clomid. I looked up reviews on the medication  and it was a success for others and not a success for some women. My period came on Thanksgiving November 24th I started taking the clomid on November 28th and did ovulation checking from day 12 day of my period. At day 28 nothing happened  but my doctor encouraged me to keep tracking my ovulation  and come see her at day 35 if I don&#039;t  get my period. Find out I am pregnant on December 27.  Wow"
"I had a propofol infusion for a 40 minute operation today and had no problems whatsoever. Like many &quot;reviewers&quot; here, it was my first time undergoing general anesthesia and I was quite nervous as I did not know what to expect. However, if I knew beforehand what I know now, I would not have worried a single bit.

Once the line was in and the infusion began, the doctor said I would start to feel sleepy soon and within 10 seconds I was asleep. There was no discomfort or unpleasant side effects. I woke up feeling happy and positive, just thirsty and slightly groggy, which passed quickly. Within 30 mins I was dressed and I left the hospital within an hour. I have felt relaxed all day.

Marvellous medicine and experience, I will not worry next time!"
"Started on  brintellix 10mg for depression/anxiety, three weeks ago. No side effects at all,apart from some difficulty sleeping. I think I am feeling clearer, but can&#039;t say I feel less depressed. Maybe a little calmer,but still having some anxiety."
"I quit on week 3 on the tablets... am now a month smoke free. I haven&#039;t had any urges to smoke. I smoked 20 a day for 15 years. These are the dogs balls. Only side effects is waking up in the night and dreaming mad crazy things which seem so real ! I like the dream&#039;s !! Also a little wind. Ha. But stick with them !"
"I got this implant a few days after my period, Oct. 7 .. then 2 weeks into having the implant, I got my period again. So I had 2 periods within a 2 week span. The period with the implant, lasted almost 2 weeks. It went away about a week ago, but I now have the feeling like I&#039;m going to get my period again. Ladies, you know the feeling you get in your lower stomach when that time of the month is coming. But I don&#039;t understand; like am I going to keep getting my period every 2 weeks???? Nobody wants to deal with that. Another side effect I got is an increase in my appetite. I eat ALL day long. Needless to say, if I get my period again within the next week or so, I&#039;m going to make an appointment to have this removed."
"I have taken Prozac, Zoloft, Paxil, and then my Doctor Put me on WellButrin XL 150 in the morning and that was helping me but not in the evening so she increased the Wellbutrin XL to 300mg in the morning and 150 in the evening and that was working, my mood seem to be great! But then I learned since I take the 300 and 150 that there was a new formulation on the market called Forfivo XL 450 and I take that once a day in the morning along with some Lamictal 100mg and I feel GREAT. I don&#039;t have the worrying I had at work with coworkers, or the mood swings I had while I was at work or being with family. I still take Klonopin 1mg three times a day for my anxiety and panic attacks and I take Klonopin 1mg at bedtime and Elavil 50mg to help me sleep."
"I have been on Aviane for about a year and a half for dysmenorrhea, and it&#039;s great.  I get a bit moody/sad the day or two before my period, but that&#039;s the worst of it.  It&#039;s helped a LOT with cramps.  I get by on 2-4 Midol per month now!"
"At first I was in love with my implant birth control... it started with bleeding for a while and really randomly (for about six months), but not so much it was causing problems. I got it to regulate my periods (not for birth control as I am not sexually active) and with my first implant it completely ended my periods. After the three years was up, I was told that we were switching from implanon to nexplanon and thats when things started to go downhill. I&#039;ve had the nexplanon for about a year and a half and the weight gain is what is making me get rid of it. I thought at first it was simply the freshman 15 since I went to college, but after making serious diet and exercise changes after first semester I&#039;ve continued to steadily gain weight."
"Switched from deposit shot to seasonique after my sophomore year of college. My doctor said I would have one week of bleeding at the end of each pack. But for some reason I end up spotting heavily the WHOLE third month, with a heavier period during the &quot;bleed week&quot;. I am very consistent with the time I take it and I don&#039;t miss a day. But yet I&#039;m still stuck with a month long period. Not sure if I should switch bc methods because of this. The only reason I was sold on seasonique was because I was expecting one NORMAL period once ever 3 months."
"I purchased this medicine for my little girl because it was doctor recommended. It was a need base purchase to reduce her fever and some of the discomfort that she was having. They stated that it would be the best in reducing her fever. I purchased the medicine and shortly after her fever was gone and she was resting. She slept well through the night. Children%u2019s Motrin is a name that I trust. Therefore, I was not hesitant at all when my doctor recommended that I purchase this product. I have also used other fever reducer products for my little one, such as Tylenol and it did not reduce her fever at all, so Motrin was the choice brand. Motrin allowed her to sleep through the night and she did not spike a fever the next day. Motrin did the job."
"I had an outer ear infection..These drops made my left ear feel clogged up and ringing in my ear and ear pain. I would not recommend this medicine.  I&#039;m hoping it is temporary. .."
"I liked Ortho-tri-cyclen better, but Tri-Sprintec way worse! I experienced heavier and longer periods while on it and mood swings sometimes (could just be the norm for a 25 year old female though!). I switched to Tri-Sprintec and experienced extreme nausea, although the pharmacist insisted it was the exact same medications, just different manufacturers. I will be going back on Trinessa next month."
"Taste is absolutely awful. It&#039;s extremely salty and bitter. Took me more than an hour to gulp down just one dose (16 oz), and I would recommend sucking on a lime or lemon slice in between sips to help with the taste. In terms of effectiveness, it really worked! Everything came out like a liquid waterfall after around 30 minutes after each dose."
"I was administered this drug at the beginning of a 28 day residential detox/rehab for alcohol.
It stopped the tremors and shakes. But not the other withdrawal symptoms such as the sweats which did subside. However, it took slightly longer to bring back the co-ordination in my legs. I was advised that this had something to do with the receptors in my brain repairing. Until it was brought to my attention I didn&#039;t know how much alcohol affected the brain and it&#039;s normal function with the rest of the human body."
"Too much weight gain though."
"Taking my 14th pill today. No side effects so far!"
"Hello! Well... I&#039;ve never had an acne skin. I have a mixed-oily skin and I have some acne when I get stressed. That&#039; s the reason why I visited a dermatologist. The doctor recommended me to use epiduo (every night), after I wash my face with a foam (I use the same foam in the morning with a gel cream after it and a moisturizing cream, as many times as I want). Doctor informed me that this cream may affect me (redness, itching, drought, pain) but my face got like sunburned and it was scratching me so much. I was afraid and I stopped it yesterday. I don&#039; t know if I continue using this cream."
"Kept getting Cipro for UTI&#039;s. Would go away and resurface 6 weeks later . Then began the excruciating pain in legs and ankles, brain fog, a whole list of things going wrong. Do your research and only if you are on deaths door agree to take this poison .  It may work at first but you are likely to pay months and years later. So not worth it!"
"This has been a horrible experience. I have been on this for 6 months. It was effective for one week. I felt fantastic for that week. No pain at all. But since then the constant aching in my legs has progressed to keeping me up most of the night practically in tears. Now I am stuck in the fun task of getting off the medication."
"I&#039;ve had hives 4 times now.  The last time they lasted 1 entire year.  Nothing worked.  My allergist said that the doctors had failed miserably at keeping me comfortable during my ordeal.  I tried Zertec this time.  My hives are totally gone.  My skin crawls and tingles when it is about time for another dose, but the new dose takes care of it.  No complaints at all.  I do have crazy dreams, but that is a small price to pay in exchange for no itching, etc."
"Dosage was 500 mg for 10 days. Stopped after 2. Feet and ankle pain and swollen knees, hands and fingers that do not stop aching. Also lower back pain. Headache is almost constant despite Tylenol every four hours. Cough has lessened but feel overall much weaker."
"I&#039;ve been on Paxil for almost a year now. My panic attacks where so bad, as soon as I wake up boom panic attack almost all day! It was bad guys Paxil is a God send."
"I had the Implanon put in in April of 2011, it is now December 11 and for the last 8 months I have had nothing but problems. I have gained about 10lbs and I rarely ever quit spotting and when I&#039;m not spotting I&#039;m bleeding. They said this might be normal for the first few months but like I said its going on 8 months and I just can&#039;t do it anymore. The bleeding has gotten so bad lately I have to make sure I have panty liners in just in case and the cramps seriously feel like I am being stabbed. I was on birth control pills before this and NEVER had any of these problems EVER. I&#039;m due to go to the doctor this week to get the Implanon removed. I would much rather be on the pill. When I was on it before I never had cramps, only had slight bleeding for 3-4 days."
"Started 12 weeks ago on 50mg stuck it out for 7 weeks - not much change and decided to step up to 100mg - 5 weeks later can say a change has arrived in the last 10 days and I am over the moon.

I have refused medication all my life - this was a massive decision for me ... I wish now I&#039;d done it years ago.

Critical voice gone, anxiety close to gone, depression lifting, motivation returning - hope and dreams coming back.  I now laugh, play jokes and manage stress &#039;normally&#039;.

I have to take care to get enough sleep - some days I am still really exhausted, but that is lifting.

The side effects were as expected, dry mouth, need to eat regularly, headaches and perhaps a little sleep issues - but compared to life before they are well worth it."
"I have taken many, many times for my chronic sinus infections and it seems to be the only thing that ever gets rid of the infection. I do get stomach aches from it, and nausea but it does what it&#039;s supposed to."
"So far so good. Im on my 2nd day. NO side effects..that I am aware of. I did sleep a little harder last night..lol. I just found this and read some of the other reviews, but I honestly haven&#039;t noticed anything real abnormal. This is my 1st time taking it. I am usually given bactrim for uti&#039;s because I am highly allergic to penicillin. I usually dont have fever or severe pain with a uti, but I think I have had one for a while now due to other uti symptoms. So i dont think bactrim has been working. I do not have a regular doctor (cant afford it), and I feel awful having to constantly go to the ER...only to end up STILL having a UTI. I just hope this finally gets rid of it. Im tired of spending $$ on antibiotics only for it to not work."
"I felt better right away on 10 mg. My problems were not overwhelming me anymore. I stopped obsessing. However, side effect was not being able to fall asleep or stay asleep. I am now up to the 20 mg dose. Still doing alright. Doctor prescribed Ambien. When I skip a day of Viibryd anxiety and agitation comes back. I am in a bad marriage and am contemplating divorce after 43 years.  No wonder that I have anxiety and felt like I was falling apart."
"*7 month update*
I have gained like 6 pounds since I got it inserted, I feel hungry all the time. But since the insertion I&#039;ve only had my period 3 times and it has completely stopped which is great! Beware that it does make you moody and grumpy. I have noticed that I am more tired lately I&#039;m not sure If it has to do with the nexplanon but I hate how moody it makes me. Otherwise it&#039;s an okay birth control. After insertion I had minor headaches for a few weeks which is rare for me but they went away, and my periods got lighter and lighter till they stopped. This is only my personal experience and you will never know how well this will work for you unless you try it yourself."
"I love Zyprexa (Olanzapine) it has calmed and removed my insanity. I now longer have panic attacks and irritability. I work in retail and i have been in trouble several times with my managers because i snap at costumers. But with Zyprexa it all went away it was amazing........BUT!!! i have to stop taking it because it caused SO MUCH weight gain. I use to weigh 170lbs and within a year i weigh now 226lbs. I don&#039;t even eat that much and i still don&#039;t lose weight. there&#039;s no point going to the gym and doing cardio because the pill prevents me from losing it. So now i have to ask my doctor to give me a medication that doesn&#039;t cause weight gain for i can lose the weight. I am so depressed that i have to stop taking it. it has worked wonders 4 me"
"I&#039;ve been using this medication for my rosacea and it isn&#039;t helping. My face has never looked worse. It&#039;s ok when I first put it on but by the end of the day my face is spiralling out of control. Right now I have huge acne blemishes all over my face. I&#039;m making an appt with my doctor this week to try and change it. Very disappointed."
"I was asked to try Benicar and to stop taking Clonidine. That was the best move my Doctor made. I feel 100% better and my pressure is also 100% better. Thanks to the maker of Benicar."
"My son has been on several different ADHD medications.  He had been on one for a couple years and it wasn&#039;t having the effect it should after so long, so they changed him to Daytrana.  He was so out of control on this medication.  It actually seemed to make his impulse issues and attention worse. We discontinued the patch after the 2nd week.  Hopefully it&#039;s positive for others, just definitely not the one for my son."
"I used to take famotidine 20mg 2 x daily and it did the job.  Now I need it every 5 to 6 hrs for relief.  So I decided to use Pepto-bismal yesterday morning at 8 and it worked very well and lasted until about 9pm. Then I took a Pepcid that night, but it doesn&#039;t work for me like it use to."
"The very next morning after I started taking this birth control I started very heavy bleeding which was accompanied by big thick clots.  I started it at my 6 week post partum appaointment after seeing Dr and every thing was clear and looked good. I had not been bleeding at all. I am exclusively breastfeeding so only reason I decided to take this one.  I have no doubts of its effectiveness of preventing pregnancy, but I have only ever had a baby when trying. I think personally for me the side effects were too much. I was effected by so many of them in such a short time. Increased hunger,  non stop bleeding,  sore breasts, breaking out on face,  and I&#039;m 30yo, don&#039;t need that. Seen dr again and no problems still, just pill.  I stopped and very next day bleeding stopped"
"I started on taking citalopram 4 weeks ago for anxiety.
I felt rubbish with symptoms of dizziness, fatigue, nausea for 9 days then I started to feel so much better.
This is the best pick up I have had in ages. My husband said why didn&#039;t you start them sooner. I feel so much better. 
Give them a go....."
"I&#039;ve been on several medications but lexapro is the only one that has helped. ive suffered from severe depression, anxiety,panic attacks, obsessive compulsive disorder and ive had suicidal thoughts since is was 9 years old. lexapro has helped with all of this. i still have &quot;down&quot; moments but nowhere as severe! i am able to face reality better and was able to return to school."
"This drug is HORRIBLE!!! For the entire month I was on it, my blood sugars were never under 200. I was on Trulicity before this, which is a wonderful medication that is the same type as Bydureon, but my insurance said it wouldn&#039;t cover the Trulicity for me anymore unless I tried the Bydureon first (?prior authorization). Well...obviously it sucks so thankfully I&#039;ll get to go back on the Trulicity, which made my blood sugars extremely steady (around 110) and I was losing weight...like 2 pounds per week. The Bydureon also hurt horribly to inject and always made me bleed, and the mixing it was a pain in the butt. With the Trulicity, it&#039;s all done for you and is almost painless, and I never bled at the injection site."
"I&#039;ve been taking 10mg nortriptyline now for 5 weeks for severe anxiety and depression. Very happy with results. Still have some depression but it kicked butt on the anxiety. I can function normally again. No side effects at all."
"I love Jolessa! I hated it at first. During the first pack I bled for about 9 weeks. It was awful. Some days heavy, some days light. I talked to my doctor and decided to hang in there and try the second pack. I am so glad that I did. I had finished bleeding a couple of days before I started the second pack. The second pack worked perfectly. The third pack, which I just finished worked the same. This period is super light. I kept waiting all week for it to start and finally on Friday it did and it&#039;s Sunday and it might be gone already. I knew one of the side effects was abnormal bleeding that diminished over time.....it took 9 weeks...but I would do it all again for the only having 4 periods a year. I love Jolessa!"
"Easy to take, inexpensive, and no side effects. Has a moderately positive impact by lessening frequency (2-5 fewer attacks) and severity (average intensity brought down from 7 to 5)."
"For over twenty years I&#039;ve had issues with my stomach. Mainly constipation in spite of drinking plenty of water and high fiber diet. I&#039;ve relied on eating five servings of fruits and three veggies a day and of course lots of liquids. I&#039;ve been seen by lots of specialists until recently I was prescribed Amitiza 8mg. I tried it for two weeks then tried the 24mg as instructed by my doctor and found that the lower dose works better. I&#039;m able to defecate at least once a day now,  but I have experienced headache nausea and slight dizziness. Overall I do recommend it."
"This medication works so well. The depression just goes away, and stays away. I wouldn&#039;t and don&#039;t ask for anything else."
"I had Mirena placed after the birth of my second son and have had it almost two years. The first year was fantastic, I had little or no bleeding at all. Now, I have longer, heavier periods; excessive moodiness; and bleeding between supposed regular cycles. I think it may be time to remove it."
"I have been on Duragesic for past 2 years. I&#039;m on a dose of 150mcg every 72 hours. I have Sickle Cell Anemia and have intolerable back pain on a daily basis. These patches work wonders for my pain but I am a girl who loves to take baths. Just letting you know that you should not take really hot or really long baths while on the patch. I did and I thought I was going to die. My heart began to race and I had trouble breathing. After I struggled to get out of bathtub my husband snatched the patches off, scrubed the area they were at and I started feeling better in about 10-15 minutes. I love it for the pain but hate it for my baths."
"Due to blood clot and diagnosis of autoimmune clotting disorder (anti-phospholipid syndrome), I had to be put on a non-estrogen birth control to help with my endometriosis.  The pill has caused me to spot just about every single day and I have been on it for over 6 months.  It has not been able to control the cramps and I have to have 800mg ibuprofen on hand at all times.  It has cut down on my 7-10 day very heavy period, but since I spot every day; not sure if its really helped with the blood loss and anemia.  When I started, I had just about every symptom of pregnancy; but I was not pregnant.  This went away after about 1 month of use.  Unfortunately, this is my only option at the moment, so I&#039;m kind of stuck with this."
"I&#039;m unsure as of yet whether this horrid medicine has helped or will help, but I wanted to add to the numerous warnings from others like me. If you&#039;re reading this before buying, DON&#039;T DO IT! The discomfort and irritation from the infection is a cake walk compared to what you will feel after inserting this into your most delicate of places. The pain and burning was so intense that I&#039;m quite certain the inner walls of my vagina were melted through. Never in a million years would I have imagined that I would contemplate stuffing my hoo-ha full of ice. Please, heed these warnings, its not worth it! And if you&#039;re one of the poor souls desperately trying to determine how long your torment may last, unfortunately several hours. Good luck!"
"This medication has greatly improved my quality of life.  Had many failed therapies. Now life is not 100%; however, it is in the 90s.  I am grateful for this medication.
Another issue:  I take 2, twice a day.  Cigna changed their prices from 50 copay each 90 day supply to 100 copay.
Nevertheless, this medication is excellent.
"
"This medicine is great switched from 8mg Suboxone to this and I love it, its easy to use and no awfully orange taste plus you absorb 33 percent less naloxone which is always a good thing."
"The day that I&#039;m writing this review, I was switched to Prozac by my doctor. Luvox for around 8 months worked wonders for my OCD. I was basically symptom free during that time with very little anxiety and worry. After the 8-month mark, it slowly started losing its effectiveness. My doctor bumped it from 150mg to 200mg, but that made everything worse. I wasn&#039;t falling asleep until 7am, I had no energy during the day, and my OCD symptoms were basically completely back. I was also on Zoloft for around a year, and the same thing happened there. Everybody is different, though. If you have OCD and haven&#039;t tried Luvox, give it a try. When everything was going well, I still experienced sexual side effects like low libido and delayed ejaculation."
"I experienced a LOT of breakthrough bleeding in the beginning.I also experienced mood swings. The breakthrough bleeding has stopped and my mood is better now. I have experienced no weight gain.I&#039;ve actually lost 10 lbs but I am trying to lose weight. My boobs got a little fuller. I had a little bit of acne at first but nothing terrible, I just rarely get breakouts. Periods are a little lighter, a little less painful but last about 6-7 days. Sex drive has plummeted."
"I have just started week 3 and still continue to smoke. I have no real desire to quit other than to be healthier for my children. During week one I noticed my smoking decreased from around a pack a day to a half pack a day, week two I still had some urge to smoke but could not stand more than 3 cigarette&#039;s per day. I just started week three and so far have not had a desire to smoke. This drug really works and I think if there is some willpower and want to succeed in place it works very well. Another plus to this medication is it reduces my desire to eat as well, so far I have lost 6 pounds. The negatives.... trouble sleeping, nausea, constipation, fatigue."
"I am on my 3rd week - first two at 20 mg and now upped to 40.  Should be at 60 (max) after the next follow up with my doctor at the end of week 4.  I&#039;m 45 and have struggled since the age of 8 with weight and depression.  I get by - it&#039;s like I&#039;m a high functioning depressed person who works her ass off to try and be healthy and happy.  I was tired and broken when my doctor suggested this drug.  Her daughter has similar issues so obviously it&#039;s personal for her too to understand people with these issues.  My experience has been great - I don&#039;t feel the urge to binge and my appetite is suppressed.  I feel hungry when I should and don&#039;t overeat.  I  love the feeling of being alert.  I work hard and these meds have helped me immensely."
"I smoked for 16 years! Chantix has giving me a second chance and possibly years on my life. I have never reviewed a drug in my life but this drug gave me a life and for that I am forever grateful. 50 days smoke free!"
"I started by getting sick after eating, then nightmares, sleeplessness, panic attacks, agoraphobia, high anxiety, and being diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder. I was put on different medicines by different doctors and nothing worked.  The different meds made me gain 40lbs, gave me diabetes, dyskinesia, and SSRI&#039;s have horrible withdrawal symptoms when you run out of medicines. A new VA doctor recently prescribed Prazosin. After three days, I no longer felt like I was constantly shaking inside me. I don&#039;t feel like a speaker reverberating through me when I hear a loud or sudden noise. I went from sleeping 4-5 hours per night to double that. I don&#039;t have nightmares anymore, and I stopped getting sick from anxiety. Prazosin is a miracle to me."
"I went through surgical menopause due to a TAH/BSO in July 2010.  Withing days I was having 24-30 hotflashes/night sweats every 24 hours.  Because I had stage IV endometriosis, HRT was not advised.  I read about clonidine, and asked my doctor if I could give the clonidine patch a try.  It has worked very well for me--I&#039;d say I&#039;ve seen a 70% reduction in hot flashes.  I no longer wake up at night and those I do experience during the day are definitely less intense than before the clonidine."
"I got the skyla iud since I&#039;m a diabetic every other birth control were raising my sugars. I had tried the implant several years ago and I had month long cycles I got it removed after a year and a half. I started taking the pill my sugars went through the roof. So we said we&#039;d try an iud and it&#039;s definitely going very well, so far! When I got it placed, I was given 3 advils prior, than they also numbed my cervix and I just felt a slight sting from the needle, but I didn&#039;t feel anything afterwards. But once I got home I was told I&#039;d cramp I did, and I also bled. It&#039;s been 6 months, now, the first 5 were pretty heavy but not a lot of cramps. This last month I had slight bleeding I didn&#039;t need anything because it was only when I would wipe."
"Some slight tingling at application around the nose, otherwise excellent results at almost eliminating breakouts. Now I only get 1 or 2 sores when I am under very extreme stress."
"I have never had a problem with acne until I got into college. I am 20 years old and my acne got so out of control I would never be seen leaving the house without tons of make up covering my blemishes. I tried almost every over the counter acne treatment on the market and didn&#039;t notice any difference. Some of them would make a few pimples go away and I would just get them back a couple of days later. I went to the dermotologist and she prescribed me Onexton. This stuff is a miracle! After only using it for one night, I already noticed a significant difference in my face. I&#039;ve been using it for a week now and my face is almost 100% flawless. It will make ur face dry so make sure to keep moisturizing."
"I had Implanon inserted in July &#039;12. It has been just about six months, and I am probably looking to have it removed. The insertion was fine- I thought it was painful but I didn&#039;t find it unbearable. At first, I was SO happy with not having my period. But since Thanksgiving - over a month and a half - I have been bleeding! It is light, but constant, sometimes brown, sometimes red. I have never had acne like I have experienced with Implanon as well. I would be able to deal with the acne if I wasn&#039;t bleeding for weeks. "
"HORRIBLE. Had it for a year and almost never stopped bleeding. Period every 5 days but now I have it for a whole month. I am getting removed today an getting mirena instead"
"Great Med for lower back issues such as mine(Sciatica w/radiation) Also works well for anxiety issues too. I recommend speaking to your doctor about it. However being a controlled substance some doctors will not write it or will be skeptical of prescribing for long periods of time."
"Turns it into something to fear!"
"I have been on Percocet 10 for a month and have had more good days than I was having on Lortab.  I think Percocet is wonderful.  I have had no side effects at all."
"I was on Nuvaring for 3 years then stopped to have my son. After he was born my husband and I were worried about long term cost of birth control. We decided to go with Mirena.  Let&#039;s just say, going back to Nuvaring was the best decision we&#039;ve made. Been back on it for 3 months and just like before, no negative side effects what so ever. A little more discharge but no problems and its very effective. Only method we use and have never gotten pregnant while on it. I absolutely love Nuvaring and would recommend it to anyone. May not be for everyone but definitely right for me."
"I was freaking out about how Suprep would taste. I have my procedure tomorrow, so I&#039;m going to comment on here as time progresses.
I put both bottles of Suprep mix in the fridge last night. Pharmacist suggested I mix it with ginger ale or 7 up. So I decided to mix it with 7 Up. Honestly, it was not that bad..Everyone makes it out to be the most vile thing they&#039;ve tasted ever. Was it delicious? No,It was just really sweet, syrupy with a little bit of a bitter after taste.I chugged it. Couldn&#039;t do it with a straw, was taking too long. I drank one 16-oz water right after... Felt nauseous and full but not from the Suprep, but from the volume of liquid. So far so good... Will check back in a few hours..."
"I experienced absolutely no side effects with this medication."
"My 8 year old son has taken it for two months now. It has helped out a lot in school and with his social behavior. However he has gotten depressed and we have just taken him off it."
"I&#039;ve suffered insomnia for the past 2 years, the doctor wanted to take me off Ativan, since I&#039;ve been taking for a few months now.  I could not get any sleep at all, when I did get to sleep, I would have nightmares.  It did not work at all."
"While under this medication I have experienced very weird side effects including the fact that I &quot;sleep dial&quot;. By which I mean I dial my phone and call people in my sleep. Weird, and it only happens when I take the pill before bed."
"I have had chronic constipation for twenty years.. I have tried everything. Zelmorm was the only thing I ever found that worked. As we all know they took it off the market in 2007.. I have been suffering ever since. Until now! I have only been on Linzess for two days and have had 3 bowl movements with no bad side effects. I&#039;m excited about this new medicine. I&#039;m hoping and praying it continues to work. Give it a try its definitely worth it. Good luck."
"Alleviated depression quickly. 
Best antidepressant I have ever taken (Paxil, Wellbutrin, Prozac and Effexor).
Effexor was agreeable to me but extremely strong withdrawal (even when slowly decreasing dosage)."
"Please read! There are so many scary and terrible reviews on this drug. Before going on this drug, I read reviews and became stiff with anxiety. I actually took a brand names Zenatane, which is the same thing just a little cheaper. LIFE SAVER. I had to come on here and write a glowing review for everyone who was in the position I was before starting. My flare up began the summer of my senior year of high school and got so terrible when I moved away for college. It was so bad and I was so embarrassed that I moved back home. Huge hard cyst type zits all over my face with redness. No amount of makeup could hide it. I finally made the choice to just do this treatment. It&#039;s the best choice I have ever made. I have actually been off of it for almost two years now and still don&#039;t get much... a few every now and then but small and hardly ever. The side effects- NOT THAT BAD. Yes I had very dry eyes... but nothing some good drops couldn&#039;t fix. I also had a dry nose but nothing some good spray couldn&#039;t fix. Towards the end of my treatment I even started my outdoor college soccer practices. I was in the sun, I was running and out of breath, but everything was just fine! The worst part about this drug for me was taking the pills. I have a fear of swallowing pills but I did it with some yogurt and it&#039;s no big deal. Here&#039;s the thing... FOLLOW THE RULES. My sister took this before me. She ruined it for herself. She decided smoking while taking it is no big deal... wrong. It ruined her breathing to a point where she had to stop the drug... and her skin was much worse than mine. 5 years later she is on it again and doing great. So don&#039;t listen to all the scary reviews. You will be fine! You can manage the side effects. You can get more help from your Derm. YOU GOT THIS."
"Been on 50mg for 2 days now (started for a week on 25mg) and now that I take the higher dose my mood is a bit better but my social anxiety it loads better, the feeling of making people laugh is amazing when you are not afraid to speak,
although maybe not drink on this? I had 3 drinks and became so upset and depressed."
"Was prescribed the generic for Wellbutrin, and the first day I felt great. But when I woke up the next morning and went to school, I was dizzy, nauseous and anxious. I had to go home early, and it felt like I had zero energy. Barely left my bed. I took it again and symptoms didn&#039;t seem to ease up. Now on day 3 I have been throwing up, and weak. I didn&#039;t feel like I had depression before, just anxiety. Now I have symptoms of both. Pharmacy told me to stop taking it."
"I am 17 and have been on the shot for a year now. I already have 2 kids and this form of birth control seems to be very effective. I can&#039;t remember to take the pill so the shot is great for me. The only problem I have with it is I can&#039;t seem to lose the pregnancy weight from my second child. But I rate it a 10!"
"I found this the only thing that really helped me. Have been on 20mg on and off for past 7 years. Unfortunately my system has now built up a tolerance so I have to change but for anyone with anxiety or depression or panic attacks. Give this a go and give it time to work.
I had no luck on 10mg or 15mg but the 20mg was a life saver."
"I have had Irritable Bowel Syndrome-chronic constipation since 2001. I have been to hell and back. Been in the hospital SEVERAL times for being so &quot;backed up&quot;. I have been on several different meds and OTC things for constipation. My gastro doc finally told me one of the reasons I suffer gas (can&#039;t burp) is because of being backed up. She put me on Miralax LONG term. I take it once a day. If you suffer or know anyone that does get on Miralax and never be without it."
"After biopsy revealed it was tiime to consider Hormone Therapy. I was started on Lupron.  I came back in for a three month check and my PSA had not changed that much and my Testosterone was still high. I did not want to add another pill to my &quot;diet&quot; so Urologist tried 3 months of Firmagon.  Wow!! PSA down huge and Dr says I&#039;m completely Test-Suppressed."
"Update:  I&#039;m on my 4th week of taking contrave 2 pills am and pm.  I didn&#039;t have any nausea weeks 1-3 so not sure if I need to be on 2 pills in am and 1 pm.  I have lost 11.3 lbs so far so that&#039;s great!  I do exercise some as well.  I&#039;m grateful my insurance covers this at 100% as others stated it&#039;s an expensive rx."
"I have dealt with ups and downs, anxiety, social anxiety, depression etc. etc. for years.  My life overall is normal and I managed the episodes but I always knew they were there and didn&#039;t like feeling that way. I am married we have children combine that with everything else and it times it was just too much. The doctor suggested the Zoloft.  I was nervous at first and really didn&#039;t know what to expect. In fact I waited a month or two to even fill the prescription. The side effects  we&#039;re obvious at first. Dizziness, tired, minor confusion. I don&#039;t want to scare anyone because I still functioned , Still was able to work, I was able to take care of the kids,  everything was pretty much normal but I could tell my mind was a bit off.     
After about a month the side effects faded away from me. After two months my mind became clear and my attitude towards life improved dramatically. Little things didn&#039;t bother me anymore. I started working out and that didn&#039;t bother me anymore. My wife would argue with me about normal marriage stuff but I wouldn&#039;t yell back. In fact I was able to see how foolish most of the fighting was and how pointless it was to yell back. My work life improved. My conversations with other people improved. I found myself more interested in what the person was saying and focusing more on what they were saying.
At a follow up visit with my doctor he asked if I&#039;d like to stay on the medication. I told him that my life has never been better and my mind never more clear so why would I choose to stop. He agreed and was happy with my progress. He initially prescribed 100 mg but I found 50 works well for me at this point. So every night before bed I take my pill and wake up the next morning feeling ready to go instead of wanting to stay in bed. 
For those just starting or thinking about starting this medication I can honestly tell you it has changed my life for the better. Initially it was rough but after a while all that fades and your left feeling really good. For me it took about two months for others it may take longer or shorter.  
I hopes this helps as I read a lot about this medication prior to starting and found a lot of the write ups were negative. I honestly think those people may have other issues or conditions that this medication can&#039;t help or they may have not been able to get through the initial break in period."
"This is the best medicine for tension headaches bar none.  Big pharma has tried to get it banned for years because it is so cheap and effective which is a treat to their vastly over priced, dangerous and ineffective alternatives..  IF YOU HAVE HEADACHE OF ANY KIND, I STRONGLY URGE YOU TO TRY THIS MIRACLE (FOR ME) MEDICATION."
"I am on day 10 of taking Chantix.  It has slowly made cigarettes taste awful.  I feel like my mouth tastes like an ashtray.  Tomorrow is my quit day and I feel like I will do just fine as long as I keep taking the Chantix.  

The side effects for so far, have included;

1. Weird dreams the first week or so.  (some examples: I stabbed someone &amp; then the mafia chased me, I made out with a coworker, and I shot a man who was raping my friend.)

2. Slight nausea (note; I can&#039;t eat much in the morning, after eating more later I tend to feel better.)

3.  Everything seems to smell like b.o."
"It took a few days for me to feel any noticable difference. Once it worked its way into the system, it acted as described and provided relief with almost no side affects.  The one thing I can not stress more is to make sure it is taken consistently (same time every day) for maximum effect and relief."
"I started Biaxin for Bronchitis 3 nights ago. By the next day I noticed some improvement in my chest congestion, but it&#039;s been 3 days and I still have a congested cough. I would have thought it would be somewhat better by now. It&#039;s the weekend so there&#039;s not much I can do. If I still have the chest congestion on Monday I&#039;m going back to the Dr. Overall though there is an improvement."
"I went on this BC because my insurance stopped covering Loestrin. So far I am on month 3, and I am trying to stick it out but it has been terrible. I usually get breakouts right before my period, now I have them constantly. I am  constantly depressed and fatigued beyond belief. I also have bloating, gained weight(though I admit there could be other causes as far as the weight is concerned), and I have constant cramping(though it is minor, it is daily and noticeable). I&#039;ve also had severe migraines and I only just now put it together that the migraines started when I started this pill. Also I am 26,non-smoker and take the pill continuously(no periods)."
"It did stop the uncontrollable panic from post traumatic stress disorder, but the side effects were unbearable for me. I had loss of appetite, uncontrollable weight loss, stomach pain, memory loss, headaches, dizziness, urinary pain, thinning hair, bad acne, depression, and constipation. It was so difficult to taper without severe withdrawals that I needed a 6 month tapering schedule. My dose was 1mg twice daily. I find that Valium or Xanax have less side effects."
"Works instant, better than any other meds"
"OMG!! I&#039;ve been taking singulair for one week. I haven&#039;t received my advair from the mail order pharmacy....but, singulair is a miracle. I had shortness of breath (SOB) and tight  chest - it felt like I was having angina. Really after the 1st dose I noticed I coughed less. Today I walked all the way from the back parking lot to my floor without stopping or SOB.  Didn&#039;t even have to use my inhaler. Amazing!"
"Have applied for three weeks once a day. Increased to twice this last week. MY face is quite red and sore and I am amazed at how many spots have come out. Will continue for a few more days. This site has encouraged me. I wasn&#039;t sure whether to keep going."
"Helps with maintenance and if I forget to take it, it usually starts working relatively quickly after I have taken my normal dosage."
"I took 5mg for three weeks and the upped the dosage to10mg. That was 7 weeks ago. I had very few side effects with the initial start up or when the dosage was upped. The reason I upped the dosage was because I read where 5mg was not therapeutic. My anxiety has disappeared completely. However, I am having a problem with the fatigue. I am going to talk with doctor about taking it at night instead of morning. Possibly need to lower the dosage. My biggest fear is insomnia. I can deal with other side effects but insomnia makes me crazy. The fatigue is not every day but hit bad this afternoon. I am also weaning off clonazepam. I took .5 every other day for four months. This month was .25 every third day. Next month .25 every fourth day."
"I have 7 Immediate Family members that had Alzheimer&#039;s and died except my younger sister, Debra Age 61. She resides in a Nursing Home and was admitted 1/13/13. My Dr. put me on the Exelon Patch around that time. I have enjoyed extra energy. I have been diagnosed with mild cognitive loss. I am 63. No adverse side effects from the Exelon Patch. Don&#039;t like black gummy circle it leaves on skin.  9/20/2015, I went to my Pharmacy for my Exelon Patch. The script they gave me was for Rivastigmine, with bright RED sticker: A GENERIC EQUIVALENT DRUG has been dispensed of the same QUALITY and at a LOWER PRICE. UNTRUE. It falls off and sticks to clothes. 1st script at generic price, 2nd and on full price of EXELON. Ins won&#039;t pay"
"I am stopping this pill today. I used to take Ortho Tricyclen Lo. Took it from age 16 to 27 but Planned Parenthood decided to stop carrying it so they told me this one was the next best thing they carry. I expected my body to be a little out of whack the first month or 2 but this is ridiculous. I&#039;ve held out for 5 months hoping I would eventually adjust. Every month my periods have been all over the place starting anywhere from a week early to 3 weeks early with every single pill taken at night right on schedule!. Also heavier bleeding, intense cramps, intense breast tenderness, breakouts on chest and shoulders, no sex drive at all, lethargy. I am done. I&#039;ll pay more to get ortho from a regular pharmacy I cannot do this to myself anymore."
"Lamictal has done so much good for me, especially now that it&#039;s being combined with a low dose of Zoloft. I&#039;m not depressed, I&#039;m not manic. I&#039;m just content with life now. My only complaint is that it can reduce the effectiveness of the birth control pill. The risk of pregnancy is a non-issue for me right now, but in the future, I really don&#039;t want to take that risk. But overall, I&#039;m very happy with it."
"Really wish I would have read the reviews before I bought it. The most horrible experience ever! First and last time using it! I hate medicines that are counter- productive. Before I started taking this I merely was uncomfortable and now I have full on pain. The itch is unbearable. I had to attempt to wash it out but even that didn&#039;t fully work. Moral of the story....always read the reviews "
"My husband just completed a 3 year study. He had significant improvement. He was able to read several new lines on the eye chart. Initially when we started we had only hoped to stabilize and prevent further loss of vision. It was a blessing to have so much improvement. The shots do hurt and sometimes cause a very bloodshot eye, better that though than vision loss caused by laser treatment."
"I took Wellbutrin for about 8 years, it was wonderful, kept me motivated, optimistic, helped me lose a bunch of weight but I think it caused my tinnitus so I&#039;m switching to Prozac."
"I like the convenience of it being a pill.  The other medications I&#039;ve taken for ME have been injections.  Problems I&#039;m having are thinning hair &amp; hair loss."
"Was on victoza 4 years ago and lost about 48 pounds, had an A1C of 6.8-7.1.  Switched insurances to one that didn&#039;t cover victoza.  Had to go on insulin instead, 70/30 55 units before breakfast and dinner.  So I gained back 40 pounds in about 10 months, A1C has been as high as 11.2 and as low as 8.0.  Have had to deal with hypoglycemia several times.    Just got new insurance this month, began Victoza last Thursday, and took my insulin that day, too.  Glucose dropped from high 200s average to having a 104 and a 118 that day!!  I haven&#039;t seen numbers like that in a couple of years!  Friday, I skipped my insulin dose.  glucoses are staying in the 100s, appetite is much less, and I am INSULIN FREE, which will help in so many ways!"
"Update:
I have been on Abilify 2 mg. And 45mg Remeron three months and still doing good. Have gained 10 pounds but needed it. A little tired at times, but we&#039;ll worth it. No sexual side effects.  
Hoping for long term success!"
"Definately works on nasal and ocular symptoms and works really fast!!!!"
"I got Implanon because my best friend recommended it to me because she had no problems with it. Me on the other hand had all the problems in the world. Some days I would just be crying and couldn&#039;t understand why, or I had really bad back pains. I had frequent headaches, and no appetite. I also bled almost everyday I had it. I felt like I was on my cycle for 3 weeks and off for 1 week. It was crazy. Don&#039;t use my rating to decide if you are going to use it because everyone is different. "
"I had my gall bladder removed in 2007. Afterwards life was miserable! My GI dr had no real explanation and after few tests put me on cholestramine powder and life was good. But after 10 years and i am someone  who travels frequently and also a volunteer firefighter it was bothersome to have a juice and bottle to mix the powder every morning. Also the meds didnt always provide 24 hr relief if i wasnt able to take dose at the same time everyday. I finally checked on welchol and although pricey after just 2 wks and 1 pill daily its almost like a miracle pill!! I can now say life is great!! No break through random episodes of diarrhea!!! Im now more relaxed to travel and enjoy not worrying if ill have an accident!!!!"
"I have had the Implanon for almost 3 years. It&#039;s almost time to have it taken out. I have loved Implanon all 3 years. I have only had spotting when I was extremely stressed, other than that, no periods, no mood swings, no side effects. It&#039;s great for busy people who can&#039;t remember a pill. If I wasn&#039;t planning on conceiving in the next year, I would get another one. The only downfall is you have to be certain you want it, being as it is a surgical procedure to put it in and take it out. Which by the way was not bad at all. They numb you up and all you feel is slight pressure. Before you know it, it&#039;s finished. I recommend Implanon to all my friends who need birth control."
"This drug works great"
"Requip was prescribed for me for &quot;break-through&quot; symptoms related Parkinson&#039;s Disease.  I could not tell that it made any difference at all."
"No periods in three years. Doctor said this is a side effect. Worked incredibly well for me. Have just got another inserted."
"I don&#039;t know if it&#039;s me or what but I was given Demerol (along with Vistaril and Vicodin) after my ankle surgery and it hasn&#039;t helped at all. I was admitted to the hospital twice where I received Dilaudid. That did the trick. I had a screw removed from my ankle, which had shattered and the doctor drilled through my fibula bone. After I was released, I was given Vicodin to be taken one hour after my Demerol and Vistaril. That seemed to work. I was surprised that the Demerol needed a &quot;kick&quot; so to speak. I would definitely ask my doctor for something more again if I ever had to go back on it."
"I&#039;m not one for hyperbole but genuinely think its a miracle.
I&#039;ve just had a proper good sneeze. Full inhalation, full &#039;James Brown&#039; &quot;Owwww!&quot; At the end.
First time in over a year not been halted mid-sneeze by the pain of the inhalation or having had to control the sneeze to a mild &#039;heeewwwwww-Ouch&#039;
Sounds ridiculous to those who&#039;ve never felt that way, but in addition to the normal yada-yada-yada of  being able to stand up and walk etc a proper sneeze or laugh or cough is priceless."
"I&#039;m using Canesten which uses Clotrimazole instead of Miconazole and having the same reaction listed below. Woke up in the middle of the night with terrible burning.  This can&#039;t be good."
"I had very little side effects, yawned a lot and dry mouth but the difference in my mind and wellbeing was significant.  I am so much better, I have hope, enthusiasm, my concentration is back, I am sleeping all night now, rarely wake up and if I do I can get back to sleep.  I really appreciate what this drug has given me back."
"I&#039;ve had this birth control since April 2013 and I have not had a single period. I&#039;ve spotted a couple of times but never an actual period. I also notice a significant weight gain was wondering if it&#039;s because I don&#039;t get a period and what can I do? Other than that it&#039;s the best birth control I&#039;ve used."
"Ahhh LUNESTA! I absolutely love this stuff. I started taking it when I was put on an anti depressant that gave me severe insomnia as a side effect. That went away as my body got used to the AD, but I do get insomnia here and there and Lunesta is my drug of choice. I used to use either Benadryl or Melatonin for my occasional insomnia, however, I find Lunesta is the best at putting you in a nice peaceful sleep, and not make you too groggy in the morning. Most people criticize Lunesta for it&#039;s &quot;metallic&quot; taste, but I have a ridiculously simple solution: Don&#039;t let the pill touch your tongue! I fill my mouth with water first, push the pill through my closed lips, and then swallow. Never had the bad taste since doing that! Try it out!!"
"I have been having recurring urinary tract infection and was put on Cipro....not working also bladder feels like it&#039;s not emptying."
"My arm was bruised after getting the implant for about a week, my period came whenever it wanted and stayed for up to 14 days at a time. After about 6 months my period had completely gone away. I had horrible hormonal changes and mood changes, I gained almost 50 pounds very quickly after getting the implant inserted.  This birth control is UP TO 3 years, after two and a half years I got pregnant. I knew it had worn off because I lost weight and felt more like myself. After finding out I was pregnant I made an appointment to get the implant removed so I could have a normal pregnancy. But I ended up having a miscarriage from the implant before I could get it removed. A big weight was lifted off my shoulders after getting it removed"
"I have been taking Trulicity for 6 months. 
I started on the lowest dose for 2 months then increased to a double dose for the next 4 months. I thought it was working great until 2 days ago and I got numbers in the mid 500&#039;s the past 2 days. Talked to another person using Trulicity also and the same thing happened to him. Neither one of have changed our diet or have done anything differently. It&#039;s a mystery.  I&#039;m wondering this was a bad batch or if it just stops working after a while. At $250 a month I can&#039;t afford something that works this ineffectively. Any others have this problem?"
"I also have a long family line of bad skin. My doctor put my on Retin-A and Yasmin and my skin has never looked better!! I now get compliments on my skin. Yasmin rules!!"
"I had mine put in July 2009. I love it because my sex drive is way up. I don&#039;t have to worry about taking a pill and I don&#039;t have to use condoms with my husband. I haven&#039;t had any side effects. It actually helped me lose my baby weight. I would recommend this to anyone. Its a really great product A   ."
"I started out on Yaz and Yasmin. I have been losing my hair ever since. Suddenly I was switched to Ocella with no warning. I experienced the most beautiful skin and 2 day periods, but the hair loss did not stop. I was tested for PCOS but that&#039;s a negative. I have not experienced nausea, headaches, and definitely no decrease in sex drive. My PMS has always been terrible and that hasn&#039;t changed either way. I asked my doctor about the hair loss and was told that it could not be the birth control. Unfortunately I lost my job and my insurance. I was without birth control for 4 months. During that time my hair started to grow back. I am now back on Ocella and my hair is still growing back. I am 30 yrs old, I have been taking Ocella since it came out. I&#039;m a fan."
"I had unprotected sex on Friday. I took the pill around noon the next day. The next few days were unbearable and I spent each minute overwhelmed with anxiety and panic. Six days after I took the pill, I finally got my period. This experience has made me realize how important it is to practice safe sex.  If you are freaking out like I was about not getting your period, PLEASE do yourself a favor just don&#039;t psych yourself out. Until your period comes, there&#039;s nothing you can do but wait. "
"I have been on Topamax twice now. I don&rsquo;t typically write reviews for medications, in fact, I never have. 

I took Topamax at 100mg along with Lamicital 100mg for Bipolar, I slowly titrated off my meds because my doctor and I thought I possibly could function without them. Bad idea. I spiralled into a terrible manic episode where I was sleeping less than 2 hours a night, even on high doses of Ambien and Lunesta.

I finally was put back on Topamax 200mg this time and it has saved my life. I feel better than ever. Initially I was put back on 100 mg and I felt better, began sleeping 3-4 hours a night within a week. Went up to 200 mg and within 2 days was sleeping 9 hours a night and my racing thoughts and anxiety had completely gone away"
"I have been on Arimidex for 4 years 4 months. I have had the hot flashes, vision issues, bone density weakening, joint pain and stiffness, depression, mood changes, insomnia, back and bone pain, thinning nails (of already thin nails), weakness in hands and now, my hair in breaking off and drying out. My doctor wants me to hold on to the end of the 5 years. Not sure I can."
"It worked great for 12 years. Than I decided to stop taking it and deal with some emotional issues. Bad idea. Incredibly difficult to get off of. Nausea for a month and after that I was dizzy for another month. Fell into a horrible depression, saw and felt the gates of hell. Ironically, I&#039;m now taking 3 drugs to deal with my depression, lexapro, lamictal, and seroquel. Dealing with my emotional issues, but I definitley would do things differently if had to do it over."
"I first started taking this when I was 18. After taking it for over a year and still not having my periods regulated I decided to get off of it. I got on it again a year and a half ago (I&#039;m 21 now) and I&#039;m still not pleased with it. If I forget to take a pill one day I&#039;ll spot for up to a week. My periods are really light every 3 months, but they can last up to 2 weeks. I&#039;ve gained 10 lbs while being on it. I&#039;m just finishing up my last pack and am getting back on Yaz."
"Overall this medication has been absolutely wonderful.  Our 12 year old son was diagnosed at age 7 with ADHD. We did try another medicine, but it stopped working after about 2 years. We have been on the Focalin XR since.  Our son takes 25 mg, 2 times daily about 6 hours apart. It has helped a ton. He does have the appetite issue, but we are sustaining it, and when it wears off at nite, he eats great. The mornings are the worst part before the medicine kicks in.  Our son has improved so much in school and in his extra curricular activities.  He is a total joy when the medication is working. We do try and give him &quot;drug vacations&quot; on the weekends and during the summer which helps maintain his weight."
"Chantix is amazing. I got whooping cough &amp; had to quit. I had tried everything to quit prior to getting whooping cough, but nothing worked. Chantix did. It massively decreases the urge to smoke. Love this. For all those claiming to experience nausea with Chantix, I did too until I started taking Chantix after eating and with a full glass of milk. Take your Chantix with food/milk &amp; this should eliminate the nausea side effect completely. That&#039;s how I take Chantix and I no longer experience nausea. I also experience intense dreams, but they&#039;re not nightmarish, just very wild, illogical, and just plain silly dreams!"
"This works great, if I catch it in time (I am usually able too) there are no visible symptoms.  If I am little late (rarely) outbreaks are small and brief."
"I have been taking Yasmin for the past month due to my dermatologist&#039;s recommendation to my mild-severe acne condition. I had never taken any form of birth control before so I had been warned about nausea, headaches etc. However, to this day, I have yet to feel any of those symptoms. I began on the Sunday method and so far I haven&#039;t forgotten a day. However, since the first week, my acne condition has totally accelerated for the worst. Where I used to be clear, I now breakout daily. I continue to wash and treat with my doctor&#039;s recommendation daily/twice daily, and yet no results. It&#039;s aggravating, but I am hopeful that this will only be a phase and soon everything will improve."
"Tried Tylenol with codeine, physical therapy (14 sessions), and cortisone injection directly into left sacroiliac joint.  No relief from severe night pain in left lower back and buttocks until Celebrex.  2 days of 2 pills/day, no more pain.  A true miracle!  I feel like &#039;me&#039; again!"
"I use klonopin for panic disorder and RLS.  It works amazingly for my panic, but it has actually worsened my RLS!  It does make me sleepy, but every time I&#039;m about to doze off, the kicking and terrible feelings come back in my legs.  I can&#039;t stop moving them for at least an hour.  I&#039;m glad it works for some people, but it doesn&#039;t work for me. I&#039;m on 2 mg a day."
"Initially I started taking Citalopram because I began feeling depressed, first 10mg and then 20mg. As the months passed and the side effects diminished I noticed improvement with self-esteem and I began to realized how severely obsessive compulsive about things I was. What was so strange I could even feel tension leaving my neck and shoulders that I hadn&#039;t noticed before. My emotions no longer control me and I am not paranoid. I never realized how tense and anxious I was about almost everything. My only regret is waiting so long to get help. I didn&#039;t even realize that depression was only one area that I needed help in. I&#039;ve given the boot to negativity, and I am feeling confident that I am on the right track now."
"I&#039;ve had Kyleena for about 10 days, and I can&#039;t say enough good things! My insertion experience was much less painful than I expected (I&#039;m 30 y/o, no kids). I took 550 mg of naproxen an hour before insertion, and I only had two sharp cramps, both of which only lasted a few seconds. I had some moderate cramping that evening, and otherwise it&#039;s been great! I&#039;m expecting my first period with it in the next day or so, and I&#039;m having more cramping than usual, but I understand that&#039;s pretty normal for your first period with an IUD. Don&#039;t let nerves dissuade you from getting one!"
"I am fighting constant itching on arms. I can&#039;t stop itching. is this common"
"Periods now occur on-time, every month (sometimes I don&#039;t have one, but generally I do), whereas before I never knew when it was coming and went as long as six months without one only to have the bathroom looking like a horror film for weeks on end when it finally came.

My facial hair hasn&#039;t gone away, although I have noticed the stuff that grows back isn&#039;t as bristly."
